CNN  -- According to new data released by the U.S. Census Bureau this week , median household incomes adjusted for inflation declined by 2.3 % in 2010 over the previous year . The data also showed that 46.2 million Americans lived in poverty in 2010 -- the highest number in the 52 years the Census Bureau has been tracking such data . But that data is even more depressing in contrast to the skyrocketing fortunes of America 's super-rich . Between the second quarter of 2009 and the fourth quarter of 2010 , our nation 's total income rose by $ 528 billion . Of that economic growth , $ 464 billion went to pretax corporate profits . Just $ 7 billion went to wages and salaries . In other words , 88 % of the brief recovery went to corporate profits and just 1 % -- that 's right , 1 % -- went to workers , according to a study by economists at Northeastern University . By contrast , when the United States was recovering from a downturn in the early 1990s , 50 % of the growth in the national income went to wages and salaries .  And actually , in that period leading up to the tech boom , average corporate profits declined 1 % . It 's not that working Americans are n't working hard . Worker productivity has risen steadily , but wages have still been stagnant . But the income of the top 1 % of Americans ? Rapidly rising . At what point do we realize enough is enough -- that giving more and more money and power to big business and the super-rich will never translate into more jobs , better wages and a better economy but simply more yachts and luxury villas ? At what point do we realize that conservative anti-tax extremism is nothing but blatant greed masquerading as lousy economics ? At what point do we realize that class warfare is n't a liberal goal but in fact a conservative reality , advanced through decades of policies that help the rich cheat the middle class ? According to Republican economist and former White House adviser Bruce Bartlett , the actual tax rate paid by the wealthy and big business is the lowest in several generations . Thanks to the Bush tax cuts , the super-rich paid an average of 17 % on their federal income tax in 2007 -- less than many middle class Americans paid . For instance , multibillionare Warren Buffett pays a lower percentage of income tax than everyone else in his office , including the secretaries . In 1992 , the rich averaged a 26 % income tax . A study earlier this month reported that 25 of the largest and most profitable corporations in the United States paid their CEOs more money than their entire corporations paid in taxes . Meanwhile , corporations are earning record profits and sitting on record cash reserves -- upwards of $ 2 trillion dollars . Anyone who can look at these numbers and think the rich need more help is crazy . Stop calling big business the "  job creators . " They have all the resources imaginable and they 're still not creating jobs . It 's time to put more money in the pockets of working Americans so they can spend it , create demand and finally kick-start the economy . President Barack Obama has proposed a comprehensive plan that will create good jobs while rebuilding America 's infrastructure for the 21st century . In the president 's plan , a portion of the costs will be offset by reducing the tax-deductible exemptions for well-off families , taxing hedge fund manager income as income rather than discounted capital gains , closing loopholes that give government handouts to the oil and gas industry and taxing corporate jets with the same depreciation schedule as personal jets . For crying out loud , why not ? Why we should continue to let working Americans suffer while helping the super-rich get richer ? Most Americans agree with the president . Almost three in four Americans support raising taxes on the wealthy so we can put government to work getting all of America working again , according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll . In fact , even among Republican voters , raising taxes on the rich is more popular than cuts to Social Security or Medicare -- putting the leading Republican presidential candidates squarely out of touch even with their own base . The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . We 've already drastically cut taxes for the rich and corporations , which has only made them richer while our economy remains in the gutter and no jobs are created . But in light of the depth and breadth of our economic crisis , continuing to put the interests of a few wealthy people and big corporations ahead of the needs of millions and millions of struggling and suffering Americans is n't just insane . It 's immoral . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Number of poor highest in 50 years , Sally Kohn says , as the rich get super rich Kohn : 25 major corporations last year paid their CEOs more than they paid in taxes Keeping taxes low for big business and rich does not create jobs , Kohn writes Working families need the money , she says , to spend and stimulate economy
Alzheimer 's disease ravages the brain , robbing its victims not only of their memories but often their ability to do things as basic as swallowing . Now , a study of aging patients suggests its true toll may top half a million lives a year -- a figure that would put Alzheimer 's just below heart disease and cancer on the list of America 's top killers . The incurable , degenerative brain disease was blamed for 83,000-plus U.S. fatalities in 2010 , making it the sixth-leading cause of death that year . But its true toll may be as much as six times that , said Bryan James , an epidemiologist at the Rush Alzheimer 's Disease Center in Chicago . "  Death certificates are well known to underreport deaths from Alzheimer 's and other types of dementia , " said James , the lead author of the study published Wednesday . "  The more immediate causes of death , such as pneumonia or heart attack , are usually listed , and the underlying causes of death are usually left off . " The eight-year study , published in the peer-reviewed journal Neurology , followed more than 2,500 people over 65 . Of those , nearly a quarter developed Alzheimer 's , and the disease was the cause of death in about 400 people , James said . Overwhelming burden , cost of Alzheimer 's to triple , report says James and his colleagues -- co-workers at Rush University in Chicago and at two California institutions , the University of California-San Francisco and the Veterans Affairs Medical Center there -- then statistically extrapolated their results to arrive at their estimate of 503,000 Alzheimer 's deaths a year . By comparison , heart disease was blamed for nearly 600,000 deaths in 2010 and cancer about 575,000 -- but those numbers are going down , while deaths from Alzheimer 's are going up . "  I could n't say when , but in the next 20 years , it could catch up to cancer , " James said . The study was funded by the National Institute on Aging and the Illinois Department of Public Health . Dallas Anderson , who oversees population studies of Alzheimer 's and dementia at the NIA , called the findings "  eye-catching . " "  People who I think are knowledgeable about the death registration system in the U.S. would not be surprised that the official number is low , but it is somewhat of a surprise to see that kind of a difference , " Anderson told CNN . Similar studies are under way , and similar results would bolster the findings of James and his colleagues , he said . In the meantime , the results might encourage more doctors to note Alzheimer 's when filling out death certificates -- something an increasing number of physicians have been doing already . "  It 's just another reminder that Alzheimer 's is really an important public health problem , and we need to work on it , " Anderson said . The 10 warning signs of Alzheimer 's Keith Fargo , the science program director of the Alzheimer 's Association , said the new study 's mortality estimate is "  much closer to the true number . " "  The Alzheimer 's Association has been saying for a long time that that 80,000 figure is a gross undercount , " Fargo said . The new figures may help Americans realize that Alzheimer 's is n't "  just about forgetfulness , " but "  a universally fatal brain disease . " "  We think this is a solid paper that really puts the true impact of the disease into perspective , " he added . The Alzheimer 's Association , which supports more research into causes and treatments , estimates that 5.2 million Americans had Alzheimer 's disease in 2013 . Alzheimer 's deaths went up by 68 % over the past decade as mortality from other major diseases declined , and the association expects the number of people over 65 with the disease to climb to 7.1 million by 2025 . In 2012 , the Obama administration announced plans to pour another $ 156 million into Alzheimer 's research . The National Institutes of Health has about $ 560 million currently budgeted for the work . But the Alzheimer 's Association estimates the disease costs more than $ 200 billion per year -- and since the patients are mostly elderly , much of that is paid by the federal health programs Medicare and Medicaid . The promised increase in research funding is "  a step in the right direction , " but not enough , Fargo said . "  Scientists have told us we need to invest $ 2 billion a year for 10 years if we are truly going to move the needle on Alzheimer 's disease , " he said . Alzheimer 's disease fast facts	A new study suggests Alzheimer 's may be the third-leading U.S. cause of death Current figures are "  a gross undercount , " Alzheimer 's Association says The study followed 2,500 patients for 8 years ; 400 died of Alzheimer 's Advocates hope the findings will build support for more research
Washington  CNN  -- Bruce Morton , a longtime CNN national correspondent , passed away Thursday at his Washington home at the age of 83 . Morton 's broadcast career stretched across 40 years , first at CBS , where he hosted the "  CBS Morning News " among other things , then at CNN , where he was chief national correspondent before retiring in 2006 . After his last report for CNN , anchor Wolf Blitzer paid tribute to Morton by saying , "  One of our colleagues likes to say that if there were a journalist hall of fame , Bruce Morton certainly would be in it . " Below is CNN Washington bureau chief and Senior Vice President Sam Feist 's note to the bureau on Morton 's passing : ... I have sad news to report about a beloved member of the CNN family . Our long-time National Correspondent , Bruce Morton , passed away on Thursday . He was 83 . All of us who worked with Bruce knew him to be a reporter 's reporter ; a man who cared deeply about journalism , politics and people . Bruce could tell a story like no other , as he effortlessly weaved facts , emotion and history into every one of his news stories . A story about a Senate race might be full of references to Lyndon Johnson , Richard Russell , or even Daniel Webster . Bruce understood the importance of historical context . Without exception each of his stories was unique and brilliantly written . Simply put , Bruce was a modern day news poet . Hear Morton remember the legacy of Rosa Parks Politics was Bruce 's specialty and he keenly understood that the actions of a lawmaker or a candidate could have profound consequences that might ripple across America , across the Globe . He attended virtually every political convention from 1960 through 2004 . He was a CBS News correspondent from 1964-1993 , and a CNN correspondent from 1993-2006 . While at CBS , beyond covering campaigns , he reported on everything from Vietnam to the deaths of MLK and RFK to Watergate . At CNN , Bruce was not only our National Correspondent , but he also delivered a weekly essay "  The Last Word " on our Sunday program , "  Late Edition . " That essay , in my opinion , was often the most brilliant two minutes on American television each week . He retired with shelves of Emmy Awards , a Polk Award , and a Peabody Award . Bruce was an original member of the famed "  Boys on the Bus , " and could share campaign trail war stories with his colleagues and our viewers like nobody else . His daughter , Sarah Morton , told me that working and covering politics for CNN was one of Bruce 's great loves . I have missed Bruce Morton 's voice on our air these last few years . Now I 'll miss his emails and his remarkable blog postings , which he updated often . http://brucemortonblog.blogspot.com/ A few days ago , he wrote this about the midterm elections : We have off-year elections this year . That means elections for the Senate -- a third of its hundred seats up for six year terms and all of the House 's 435 seats , for two year terms . The District of Columbia wo n't vote ; we have no representation in the Congress . In a lot of districts the issues will be local -- a bridge , an allegedly crooked pol . It will be harder , I think , for Republicans to make President Obama 's person or policies be issues because he and they have been moderate . I can remember when public anger was so strong here -- during the Vietnam War or the Nixon impeachment -- when perfect strangers would yell on the street at those of us who covered the news . There 's none of that now . It looks like a clean battle for November , followed by the big shootout two years later . When Bruce retired from CNN in 2006 , Wolf Blitzer ended his Situation Room broadcast by saying , "  Bruce brings something very special to television journalism , a truly unique voice , smart and wry , with a perspective you could only get by covering politics for five decades . " "  One of our colleagues likes to say that if there were a journalist hall of fame , Bruce Morton would certainly be in it , " Wolf said . Bruce Morton -- rest in peace dear friend . Your words and wisdom will be missed . Sam People we 've lost in 2014	Bruce Morton 's broadcast career spanned more than 40 years , first at CBS , then CNN Morton was "  a modern day news poet , " says Sam Feist , CNN 's Washington bureau chief Morton , 83 , passed away Thursday at his Washington home
YUSUFIYA , Iraq  CNN  -- Female suicide bombers , who often slip through security checkpoints untouched because of cultural norms , are taking a more deadly toll than ever across Iraq . A female suicide bomber struck northeast of Baghdad on Sunday , killing 16 . But the U.S. Army has created a solution with "  Daughters of Iraq , " a program that trains Iraqi women to find female suicide bombers . Women carried out eight bombings in all of 2007 , according to the U.S. military . Halfway through 2008 , the number of female suicide bombers is 20 . A suicide attack carried out by a woman on Sunday in Baquba killed at least 16 people and wounded another 40 . "  Daughters of Iraq " is a spinoff of "  Sons of Iraq , " which employs Iraqi men to run checkpoints and is credited with taking much of the steam out of the insurgency . The goal of the women 's program is twofold : to protect against female suicide bombers , and to provide much-needed income to Iraqi women with few chances for employment . In the town of Yusufiya , southwest of Baghdad , some 30 women are being trained to search other females at security checkpoints -- something men are forbidden to do under Iraqi cultural norms . In mid-May , a female suicide bomber killed an Iraqi army officer in this town . "  When he came out to meet her to help her with a problem she was having , she detonated the vest and killed him and injured some of his soldiers , " said Michael Starz , a U.S. Army captain . The women will work two or three days a month , making up to $ 300 , an Iraqi military officer explained to applicants . In a community , where families struggle to survive , that 's good money . Watch how "  Daughters of Iraq " works " The women come from small farming communities . Many of them are widows with numerous children and almost no income . Such is the story of Fawzia , who has six children to support . Her husband was shot to death when his car broke down . "  I am ready  to work  as long as it helps me financially , " she said . "  I have five children in school . " Having women work in this tradition-bound society is a social revolution , according to Fatima , a volunteer leader , told CNN 's Jill Dougherty . "  Many women would like to do it but their parents would not agree because it 's a rural society and it 's shameful for girls to go outside the home . "	Halfway through 2008 , the number of female suicide bombers is 20 "  Daughters of Iraq " trains Iraqi women to find female suicide bombers Women will work two or three days a month , making up to $ 300
CNN  -- I get it . Raven-Symone does n't like labels . But she is wrong to run away from her blackness , seemingly hoping that no one acknowledges her beautiful brown skin and the history written all over her face . "  I 'm tired of being labeled . I 'm an American . I 'm not an African-American . I 'm an American . " The former star of "  The Cosby Show " and "  That 's so Raven " told Oprah Winfrey . "  I mean , I do n't know where my roots go to . I do n't know how far back they go . ... I do n't know what country in Africa I 'm from , but I do know that my roots are in Louisiana . I 'm an American , and that 's a colorless person , because we 're all people . I have lots of things running through my veins . " Many of us have been exactly where she is , struggling to fit in . Trying to be "  colorless " when there 's no way to look at someone without noticing appearance . And that includes color . But Raven 's dilemma is part of the black experience in America . Our identity is not really a matter of choice . Black people were forefathers of this nation : slaves , soldiers , scholars and dedicated women and men who helped create these United States of America . For me , rejecting your blackness is downright un-American . The two words are inseparable . Being black equals being American . So no matter how she tries to deny us , Raven is still ours , still black in the eyes of her community . And we remain proud of her . Proud and patient because we understand how the heavy burden of labels can crush your spirit and get in the way of your dreams . I 've struggled all my life with the weight of labels . They pop up at the most awkward times : introductions at work meetings , compliments over dinner , amongst friends and foes . Sometimes it feels like society is at once confused , intrigued and resentful of my blackness . And I 'm certain that black woman are described with more adjectives than anyone on the planet : Black woman , African-American , bossy , strong black woman , articulate black woman , working mother , black entrepreneur , black single mother , straight ally , LGBT-friendly , divorcee , feminist , liberal and now even black-ish woman . When I was younger it was a latchkey kid , project kid , kid from a broken home . One of my favorite is La Negrita . The first time I visited Central America and heard a local call me that name , I immediately went into my Angry Black Woman mode . It took a few minutes to calm down and understand that in Latin America , La Negrita is a term of endearment , a compliment meaning something closer to beautiful black woman . Who knew ? There 's even a national holiday in Costa Rica called "  DÃa de la Negrita . " "  I bet your country would never have a holiday honoring black women , " a friend in Costa Rica joked one day , when I asked her why everyone was celebrating . No , I had to agree . We are a long way from that day . I 'm not sure when this notion first clicked for me , that you can not be black in this nation without also claiming your American-ness . Maybe it was years ago after my great-aunt Rosie showed me a photo in our family album of one of my ancestors gallantly posed in his Civil War uniform . That soldier was a black American . Or , when my aunt talked with pride about her father who could n't read or write in any language but was a successful French chef in the South . That chef was a black American . Or , perhaps things became clear when my grandfather stood tall and told me about how proud he was to fight for his country , despite segregation . Now , Grandpop was n't a fancy , highly educated man . He never could imagine the glamorous Hollywood lifestyle of Raven-Symone . Truth be told , he was in slightly in awe of my career in "  this journalism stuff . " Unfortunately , he died before seeing a black family in the White House . Now that would have really tickled him . But Grandpop always believed hard work and education could get you places in this world . He spent his life toiling in the bowels of our nation 's first Trident submarines , fitting those vessels with nuclear missiles . It was backbreaking work . He would take me to tour those subs and boast about America 's global power . He retired after nearly 50 years with a broken body but a proud heart for doing his part to keep America strong . My grandfather was a black American . No matter what label the world may choose to describe me , one thing I never doubt is that I am a strong black American woman , whose heart beats with the African and Caribbean blood of my ancestors . Knowing this gives me strength , courage and joy every day of my life . I can not imagine ever separating myself from all of the courageous people who came before me to break down barriers , share their wisdom and pave the way so my journey is just a little bit smoother in this life . And in spite of her protests when Raven looks back just a bit , she 'll understand : She is also , among other things , a black American .	Raven-Symone hates labels and wants to be called American , not black American Roxanne Jones says Symone is wrong : Being black equals being American Jones identified strongly as a strong black American woman , and it gives her courage Jones says black Americans should not separate themselves from those who went before
CNN  -- Actress Sharon Stone said in a statement Saturday that she "  could not be more regretful " of her comments this month regarding the earthquake in China , in which she suggested that the quake was an act of "  karma . " Sharon Stone made the controversial remarks before she hosted a charity auction at the Cannes Film Festival . "  Yes , I misspoke , " said the statement released by Stone 's publicist and entitled "  In my own words by Sharon Stone . " "  I could not be more regretful of that mistake . It was unintentional . I apologize . Those words were never meant to be hurtful to anyone , " Stone said . "  They were an accident of my distraction and a product of news sensationalism . " Stone said Saturday that she was issuing the statement to set the record straight about the comments she made to a reporter at the Cannes Film Festival . The statement drew fire from citizens and government officials . "  There have been numerous reports about what I said in Cannes . I would like to set the record straight about what I feel in my heart and end all of the understandings , " she said . "  They 're not being nice to the Dalai Lama , who is a friend of mine , " Stone said on camera at the time , discussing the Chinese . "  And then all of this earthquake and all this happened and I thought , is that karma ? When you 're not nice , that bad things happen to you ? " Qin Gang , spokesman for China 's Foreign Ministry , said Stone "  should do more to promote understanding and friendship between nations . " French fashion house Christian Dior said it would drop Stone from its advertisements in China after her May 22 remarks . "  We absolutely disagree with her hasty comments , and we are also deeply sorry about them , " Dior said in a statement from its Shanghai , China , headquarters . But Stone said she was "  deeply saddened by the pain that this whole situation has caused the victims of the devastating earthquake in China . " As of Friday , the death toll from the May 12 magnitude-7 .9 quake stood at 68,858 , with another 18,618 missing .	Sharon Stone had suggested that deadly earthquake might be karma Actress issues statement "  to set the record straight " regarding remark Stone says comments were product of "  news sensationalism "
REYKJAVIK , Iceland  CNN  -- Iceland may be best known for world-famous musical export Bjork but there 's a new star quickly gaining this island nation worldwide acclaim -- clean energy . This hydrogen fuel cell car is leading an energy revolution in Iceland . For more than 50 years Iceland has been decreasing its dependence on fossil fuels by tapping the natural power all around this rainy , windswept rock of fire . Waterfalls , volcanoes , geysers and hot springs provide Icelanders with abundant electricity and hot water . Virtually all of the country 's electricity and heating comes from domestic renewable energy sources -- hydroelectric power and geothermal springs . It 's pollution-free and cheap . Yet these energy pioneers are still dependent on imported oil to operate their vehicles and thriving fishing industry . Iceland 's geographic isolation in the North Atlantic makes it expensive to ship in gasoline -- it costs almost $ 8 a gallon  around $ 2 a liter  . Iceland ranks 53rd in the world in greenhouse gas emissions per capita , according to the Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center -- the primary climate-change data and information analysis center of the U.S. Department of Energy . Retired University of Iceland Professor Bragi Arnason has come up with a solution : Use hydrogen to power transportation . Hydrogen is produced with water and electricity , and Iceland has lots of both . "  Iceland is the ideal country to create the world 's first hydrogen economy , " Arnason explains . His big idea has earned him the nickname "  Professor Hydrogen . " Arnason has caught the attention of General Motors , Toyota and DaimlerChrysler , who are using the island-nation as a test market for their hydrogen fuel cell prototypes . One car getting put through its paces is the Mercedes Benz A-class F-cell -- an electric car powered by a DaimlerChrysler fuel cell . Fuel cells generate electricity by converting hydrogen and oxygen into water . And fuel cell technology is clean -- the only by-product is water . Watch the F-cell navigate through Reykjavik " "  It 's just like a normal car , " says Asdis Kritinsdottir , project manager for Reykjavik Energy . Except the only pollution coming out of the exhaust pipe is water vapor . It can go about 100 miles on a full tank . When it runs out of fuel the electric battery kicks in , giving the driver another 18 miles -- hopefully enough time to get to a refueling station . Filling the tank is similar to today 's cars -- attach a hose to the car 's fueling port , hit "  start " on the pump and stand back . The process takes about five to six minutes . See some of the F-cell 's unique features " In 2003 , Reykjavik opened a hydrogen fueling station to test three hydrogen fuel cell buses . The station was integrated into an existing gasoline and diesel station . The hydrogen gas is produced by electrolysis -- sending a current through water to split it into hydrogen and oxygen . The public buses could run all day before needing refueling . The bus project lasted three years and cost around $ 10 million . The city will need five refueling stations in addition to the one the city already has to support its busy ring road , according to Arnason . The entire nation could get by on 15 refueling stations -- a minimum requirement . Within the year , 30-40 hydrogen fuel-cell cars will hit Reykjavik streets . Local energy company employees will do most of the test-driving but three cars will be made available to The Hertz Corp. , giving Icelanders a chance to get behind the wheel . Learn more about fuel cells " "  I need a car , " says Petra Svenisdottir , an intern at Reykjavik Energy . Svenisdottir , 28 , commutes to work from her home in Hafnarfjorour to Reykjavik . The journey takes her about 15 minutes if she can beat traffic . "  If I did n't have a car I would have to take two or three buses and wait at each bus stop to arrive at work more than an hour later , cold and wet ! " Most Icelanders drive cars , says Arnason . Around 300,000 people live in a place about the size of the U.S. state of Kentucky . Transportation is limited to cars , buses and boats . "  Everyone has a car here , " Arnason says . And it 's very typical for an Icelandic family to own two cars . Arnason drives a small SUV . Fuel cell cars are expected to go on sale to the public in 2010 . Carmakers have promised Arnason they will keep costs down and the government has said it will offer citizens tax breaks . He figures it will take an additional 4 percent of power to produce the hydrogen Iceland would need to meet its transportation requirements . Once Iceland 's vehicles are converted over to hydrogen , the fishing fleet will follow . It wo n't be easy because of current technological limits and the high cost of storing large amounts of hydrogen , but Arnason feels confident it can happen . He predicts Iceland will be fossil fuel free by 2050 . "  We are a very small country but we have all the same infrastructure of big nations , " he said . "  We will be the prototype for the rest of the world . " E-mail to a friend	Iceland turning to hydrogen to power its cars , buses and fishing fleet Professor Bragi Arnason : Iceland will be the world 's first hydrogen economy Iceland wants to eliminate its dependency on oil by 2050 Icelandic homes , powered , heated by domestic renewable energy sources
CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force is grounding all firefighting-equipped C-130 planes after the fatal crash of one in southwestern South Dakota , the military said Monday . Air Force spokesman Todd Spitler announced that C-130s with the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System , or MAFFS , wo n't fly until further notice . The South Dakota crash follows another crash of a non-military firefighing air tanker , along the Nevada-Utah border , several weeks earlier . The Air Force describes MAFFS as "  a self-contained aerial firefighting system owned by the U.S. Forest Service that can discharge 3,000 gallons of water or fire retardant in less than five seconds , covering an area one-quarter of a mile long by 100-feet wide . " Including the one went down , eight such military planes had been deployed since June 24 to fight wildfires in the Rocky Mountain region and thus are affected by the order , said National Interagency Fire Center spokeswoman Jennifer Jones . This is out of hundreds of C-130s in operation around the world , and among dozens of helicopters , large air tankers and other aerial equipment that have and will continue to be used in battling fires . The grounded C-130 aircraft were unique in that they include "  sliding tanks that can be inserted into an aircraft without major structural modifications , " Jones said . The Air Force decision to remove these aircraft from operation will force firefighting authorities to adjust , the spokeswoman said . That includes possibly altering strategy in combating the Waldo Canyon Fire in Colorado Springs , where C-130s were among the tools being used to corral what has been described as the worst wildfire in Colorado 's history but is now 70 % contained . "  These crews  are highly trained and the best-equipped in the world , " Jones said . "  They have a lot of strategies and tactics . " Besides the tactical impact , Sunday 's crash in South Dakota is taking an emotional toll as well . Some North Carolina Air National Guard members died and others suffered serious injuries when their C-130 tanker crashed around 6:30 p.m. MT  8:30 p.m. ET  , spokesman Lt. Col. Robert Carver said Monday . Their aircraft was operated by the state National Guard 's 145th Airlift Wing and had been deployed to fight the so-called White Draw Fire burning near Edgemont at the time it went down . Evacuee : Wildfire aftermath is ` kind of like the twilight zone ' "  There were lives lost , there were injuries . We 're very grateful for the survivors , and our thoughts and prayers go out to the families who have lost loved ones , " Carver said , who did not specify how many people died in the crash . President Barack Obama issued a statement Sunday saluting those killed and injured in the crash , as well as others who are helping fight blazes around the country . "  The airmen who attack these fires from above repeatedly confront dangerous conditions in an effort to give firefighters on the ground a chance to contain these wildfires -- to save homes , businesses , schools , and entire communities , " Obama said . "  They are heroes who deserve the appreciation of a grateful nation . " Those hurt are being treated in a hospital in Rapid City , South Dakota , according to Carver . "  You ca n't ask for people of higher character who go in harms way and volunteer to do so , " he said . The cause of the crash is under investigation . The South Dakota wildfire has scorched 4,200 acres since it began Friday , according to the National Interagency Fire Center . The fire , which is fueled by dry brush and trees , was 30 % contained Monday -- threatening structures and prompting an unspecified number of evacuations . That wildfire is one of many burning in western states , including Montana , Colorado , Wyoming , Utah , Nevada and Arizona . ` Great day ' as evacuations lifted , fight continues vs. Colorado fire It was the second time within two months that an air tanker has crashed . An air tanker crashed in mountainous terrain in western Utah on June 3 , killing two pilots , authorities said . That P2V air tanker was on its second run of the day fighting the White Rock Fire along the Nevada-Utah border . That fire , which began June 1 , was 100 % contained on June 9 , fire officials said . There had been no crashes of firefighting-equipped C-130s until Sunday 's in South Dakota , with the U.S. Northern Command calling it the first crash "  in the 40-year history of the MAFFS program . " Three state Air National Guards divisions -- California , Wyoming as well as North Carolina -- operate C-130s with firefighting capabilities , as does an Air Force Reserve unit out of Colorado Springs , Colorado . The technology the crews is are a "  valuable " resource , though they are only deployed "  when everything else is exhausted , " according to Carver . "  When they put fire retardant down on the leading edge of the fire , it 's very effective in keeping the fire from advancing , " the lieutenant colonel said . There 's been no timetable given as to when the specially equipped C-130s might return to the skies . The remaining crews spent Monday getting together to "  reflect , reset and review , " said 153rd Air Expeditionary Group commander Col. Jerry Champlin , according to a U.S. Northern Command press release . "  We all need to make sure our crews and planes will be ready to re-engage in the mission safely , " said Champlin . Colorado fire victim films her own evacuation Obama tours site of deadly fire in Colorado Photos : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno CNN 's Greg Botelho , Chris Lawrence and Maria White contributed to this report .	NEW : C-130 firefighting crews "  reflect , reset and review " after crash , a colonel says A military spokesman reports "  lives lost " in a South Dakota crash , but not how many The Air Force order affects 7 other C-130s equipped with firefighting equipment A national fire spokesman says authorities will adjust and use other tools
CNN  -- Sadly , there 's not enough of Knuckles , floppy ears and all , to go around -- particularly when the two people feuding over custody of the pug-beagle mix are separated by thousands of miles . Craig Dershowitz of New York recently turned to the Internet to pay for ongoing legal costs in his battle with ex-girlfriend Sarah Brega , now living in Southern California . He calls it a case of kidnapping , er , dognapping . "  All I want is to bring Knuckles back home to me , " said Dershowitz in a video on a website he set up . "  He really is my son . I raised Knuckles since he was 2 months old . " Dershowitz said he has spent more than $ 30,000 in the court battle and is willing to go up to $ 60,000 in debt to get Knuckles back to the East Coast . He had raised $ 3,000 by late Tuesday afternoon . For $ 10 , a donor can receive a virtual smooch from Knuckles . A T-shirt will cost you $ 25 ; a signed and numbered professional portrait is going for $ 200 . In the video , Dershowitz wipes his eyes when describing Knuckles ' tail-wagging and snores . "  In a lot of ways , he is like my son . He is absolutely the cutest dog in the entire universe , " Dershowitz said . On his website , Dershowitz contends a court has awarded him custody but Brega continuously files "  frivolous " motions in a bid to bankrupt him . Brega would n't throw her ex a bone in any interview with ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " "  I think that it 's about revenge on me , " she said . "  Knuckles has been with me since he was 8 weeks old . I really ca n't imagine my life without him . " In a statement to HLN , CNN 's sister network , Brega said Knuckles is "  incredibly healthy and happy here with me . " She said Dershowitz gave up his one-half ownership when he "  unconditionally gifted Knuckles to me . " The dog has not been in New York since October 2010 and Dershowitz waited until a year had gone by and was unsuccessful in reconciliation before filing suit , Brega argued . Her former four-year boyfriend , she said , has presented inconsistent facts to the media and in New York and California court documents . "  He wants revenge , and using an innocent dog is his way of harassing me and getting attention at the same time , " Brega wrote . A California judge will hear arguments on Wednesday , according to ABC .	New York man says his ex dognapped Knuckles when she moved to California Sarah Brega argues Craig Dershowitz "  gifted " canine to her Dershowitz has started a website to publicize his plight and raise money for legal fees Brega tells ABC that her ex "  wants revenge " ; she tells HLN that Knuckles is happy with her
CNN  -- Tony Scott made movies , in the best sense of the word . Some of them got poor reviews . Some of them were burdened with sketchy scripts . But almost all of them -- from his first big hit , "  Top Gun "  1986  to his most recent major release , "  Unstoppable "  2010  -- were entertaining , well-acted and smoothly polished examples of the motion picture art . Scott , who died in an apparent suicide Sunday , was known for action , but what made his films distinctive was a feel for the human side of things . "  Take another look at ` Man on Fire ' and check out the extraordinary chemistry Scott develops between  Denzel  Washington and the young girl  Dakota Fanning  he 's protecting , " wrote Deadline.com 's Pete Hammond . "  Sure it has all the requisite action and violence we 've come to expect from a Scott film , but it also has a strong human dimension missing from a lot of films . " "  He was one of the very few Hollywood action directors who could actually tell a story , " added CNN commenter OnTilt . " ` Crimson Tide ' is the perfect example . Brilliant movie . So is ` True Romance . ' A highly underrated film . " Coroner , director Tony Scott 's family dispute cancer report Indeed , it was no accident that the same Scott who reveled in screaming planes , racing trains and hard-charging automobiles also produced the TV series "  Numb3rs " and "  The Good Wife " -- taut dramas with clever , layered roles -- as well as the character-driven films "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford "  2007  , "  In Her Shoes "  2005  and "  The Gathering Storm "  2002  . The latter , an HBO film that starred Albert Finney as Winston Churchill , won Scott an Emmy , which he shared with brother Ridley and others in their company , Scott Free Productions . Scott first got into film through his brother ; the two worked together in Ridley 's advertising shop , Ridley Scott Associates . Even after his motion picture success , Tony still did commercials : among his recent outings were ads for Diet Mountain Dew and Dodge Ram trucks . Tony Scott made his feature directing debut with 1983 's "  The Hunger , " a vampire film that got more attention in its time for its eroticism -- particularly a lesbian sex scene between stars Catherine Deneuve and Susan Sarandon -- than its chills . Scott 's feature career was slightly derailed -- "  The studio  saw a cut of ` The Hunger , ' and all of a sudden my parking spot at Warner Brothers was painted out ! " he said years later -- but he hit the big time with his next film : In 1986 , he directed "  Top Gun , " which established Tom Cruise as an A-list star . Not much was expected of the film in the beginning , he recalled . "  Nobody really quite understood what it was going to be , " Scott said , according to Alex Ben Block 's "  Blockbusting , " a history of top-grossing movies . "  They thought it was going to be ` The Hunger ' on an aircraft carrier . " Scott turned out to be as aggressive as his high-flying characters . For one scene , according to "  Blockbusting , " the director wanted an aircraft carrier turned to catch the light in a certain way for five minutes . The move cost $ 25,000 . Scott wrote out a check on the spot . "  Top Gun " was roasted by critics , but Scott 's technical work was praised . "  The remarkable achievement in ` Top Gun ' is that it presents seven or eight aerial encounters that are so well choreographed that we can actually follow them most of the time , and the movie gives us a good secondhand sense of what it might be like to be in a dogfight , " wrote Roger Ebert , though he cautioned audiences to "  look out for the scenes where the people talk to one another . " Audiences did n't care ; the film 's sleek look and MTV atmosphere made it a box office smash . With $ 177 million in 1986 dollars , it was the No. 1 box office hit of the year . "  Top Gun " also earned four Oscar nominations -- with one win , "  Take My Breath Away 's " best song nod -- and even boosted the sale of Ray-Ban sunglasses . His ensuing films ran the gamut of Hollywood forms : sequels  "  Beverly Hills Cop II "  , remakes  "  The Taking of Pelham 1-2-3 "  , star-driven actioners  "  Crimson Tide , " with Washington and Gene Hackman , and "  Enemy of the State , " with Will Smith and Hackman  and even Tarantino-esque pulp  "  True Romance , " Scott 's best-reviewed film , which was based on Quentin Tarantino 's first screenplay  . Through it all , he brought a level of craftsmanship and professionalism to his work , earning praise from actors and colleagues . Many took to Twitter after his death , remembering him fondly . "  Tony Scott as a friend and a mentor was irreplaceable , " tweeted director and writer Joe Carnahan  "  The Grey "  . Scott made tense films for jittery times It 's no accident that Denzel Washington appeared in five Scott films -- the actor loved working with the director , as both were fond of immersing themselves in details and personalities . "  One of the reasons I like working with Tony is because , like myself , he 's a research fanatic , " Washington said at a press conference for "  Pelham 1-2-3 . " "  Like him  , I like being with the real folks . " Scott also enjoyed giving interviews , even those to promote his films -- the kind of wearying task that prompts actors and other directors to turn monosyllabic . Scott , on the other hand , used the opportunities to wax expansively on special effects , his more famous brother and even his place in the Hollywood hierarchy . Perhaps he was n't as well-regarded as his Oscar-winning sibling , he once observed , but things could change with time . "  I always get criticized for style over content , unlike Ridley 's films like ` Alien ' or ` Blade Runner ' or ` Gladiator ' that go right into the classic box right away . Mine sort of hover , " he said . "  Maybe with time , people will start saying they should be classics , but I think I 'm always perceived as reaching too hard for difference , and difference does n't categorize you as the ` classic ' category . " Maybe not , but when the lights went down , Tony Scott gave you your money 's worth -- and then some . Tony Scott : Unstoppable Hollywood force	Director Tony Scott died Sunday , an apparent suicide Scott was behind many box-office hits , including "  Top Gun " and "  Enemy of the State " Though known as an action director , he never forgot about characters Scott was well-regarded by colleagues , was a thoughtful interview
CNN  -- Sarah Shourd , one of three American hikers held in Iran for more than a year , will be released Saturday , Iranian officials said Thursday . An official at Iran 's Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance said earlier Thursday that one of the three would be freed this weekend , after the end of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , without specifying which one . But Bak Sahraei , a representative for the Iranian mission to the United Nations , told CNN that Shourd was designated for release "  very soon . " The Culture Ministry official said one of Iran 's vice presidents will be present when the hiker is released at 9 a.m. Saturday . Shourd , along with Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal , were detained July 31 , 2009 , after they allegedly strayed across an unmarked border into Iran while hiking in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Tehran has said the three hikers were spies , and Iran 's intelligence minister has hinted the country may consider releasing them in exchange for the release of Iranian prisoners , according to state news outlets . Masoud Shafii , the Iranian lawyer who represents the hikers , said he has put in a formal request for the trio 's release within the past two weeks . Shafii said he told prosecutors that a year had passed since their arrests and the government had not shown any just cause for their imprisonment , and that Shourd has a medical condition that requires proper care . After the news first broke Thursday , the mothers of all three said they had seen the reports and were "  urgently seeking further information . " "  We hope and pray that the reports are true and that this signals the end of all three of our children 's long and difficult detention , " Cindy Hickey , Nora Shourd and Laura Fattal said in a joint statement . "  Shane , Sarah and Josh are all innocent and we continue to call for their immediate release , so that they can return home together and be reunited with our families . " Upon release , Shourd would be leaving her fiance behind in prison . The families announced in spring that Shourd and Bauer got engaged in prison and plan to be married when they 're both released . In Washington , State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters , "  We do n't know , frankly , what Iran is contemplating at this point . " He said the United States was making inquiries through the Swiss government , which represents U.S. interests in Tehran . "  Obviously , if this turns out to be true , this is terrific news , " Toner said . "  The hikers ' release is long overdue , and I would just stress that we hope that it 's all three hikers . " CNN 's Shirzad Borzorgmehr , Joe Vaccarello , Reza Sayah and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Jailed hiker Sarah Shourd to be freed "  very soon , " Iran says Iranian official says release is scheduled for Saturday morning Hikers ' mothers say all three are innocent and should be released
CNN  -- American Jennifer Grout fell just short of the top prize in the "  Arabs Got Talent " competition after a remarkable run to the finals by a 23-year-old from Massachusetts who barely speaks Arabic . Grout was among the final three contestants left standing on a Beirut stage Saturday night . She was eliminated only just before the end of the televised spectacle on the MBC network , when Syrian dance troup Sima was declared the winner . "  I 'm really happy I was in the top three and it was such a good experience , but I 'm so happy for Sima because they deserved it , " Grout said . Grout won over some shocked viewers in the Middle East earlier in the competition with renditions of classic Arab songs , rather than more Western-sounding music other contestants were performing . The winning dancers incorporated Western moves in their performance . Although some journalists in the Middle East had questioned the wisdom of allowing an American in the competition , audience members and even judges on Saturday night 's show praised her for calling attention to traditional songs . "  Jennifer 's achievement is something that 's made me very happy , " said Lebanese superstar singer Najwa Karam , one of the judges . "  It shows music is universal . When it comes to the arts , there are no barriers between us and any other people in the world . " After the ceremony , members of the audience and some contestants approached Grout to take photos and talk with her . Grout has said she dived into Arabic music three years ago after discovering it online . She previously had studied classical music and opera . After college , she moved to Morocco , where she learned local Berber music and began performing in Marrakesh 's Jemaa el Fnaa Square . Asked about her future Saturday night , she said , "  For now , I 'm definitely going to go back to Morocco to see all my friends . And after that , who knows ? " CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed reporting from Beirut ; Deanna Hackney and David Simpson contributed from Atlanta .	New : Singer "  really happy " to make final three , praises Syrian winners Jennifer Grout barely speaks Arabic but loves traditional Arabic music Singer , 23 , is from Massachusetts Judges , audience praised her at Saturday 's finals
CNN  -- A historic site in China 's former capital that dates back more than 600 years to the Ming Dynasty was damaged Sunday after a Ferrari raced across it before a publicity event for the Italian carmaker , the official Xinhua news agency said . The Ferrari 458 Italia sped around the ramparts of the ancient city walls in Nanjing , leaving thick black tread marks that cleaners were unable to remove , an exhibition of driving that aired on state television before being circulated on the Internet . In a statement issued Tuesday , Ferrari China said the drive was taken unauthorized by staff from its Nanjing distributor Nanjing Kuaiyi Automobile Trading Co. Ltd , which was planning to hold a new car exhibition in the area . City authorities said the car was intended to be part of a ceremony on Monday to mark the 20th anniversary of the luxury car automaker 's entry into China 's luxury car market . Ferrari expressed "  deep regret " for what it described as an "  accident , " calling it "  unacceptable " and saying it would take steps to prevent similar incidents from happening again . It stated it has "  always held great respect toward Chinese traditional culture and regards the protection of historical relics as of great importance . " Qinhuai district tourism bureau said its officials had been reprimanded , while the Nanjing Municipal Administration of Cultural Heritage said the use of the site was not approved by archeological authorities , Xinhua said . The incident also dismayed some Chinese netizens , who expressed their misgivings about the partnership between Ferrari and the city authorities . Weibo user Dayushenying called the incident "  shameful , " off rumors that Ferrari had paid 80,000 yuan to use the city walls , without regard for cultural relics . Weibo user bobisaman commented wryly : "  Ferrari put out the cash , Nanjing put out the city walls . In the end , Nanjing won because Ferrari helped advertise it globally . " CNN 's Tian Shao contributed to this report .	Ferrari leaves tread marks on city walls dating to Ming Dynasty in Nanjing Ferrari said the drive was taken unauthorized by staff from its local distributor District tourism bureau has reprimanded officials in charge of the city walls
CNN  -- I 've never really needed an extra ear . But theoretically , I suppose I could grow one with a 3-D science printer and scare children in the park . "  Robots are taking all your future jobs ! You wo n't be better off than your parents ! Earth is becoming unlivable ! Mwahaha ! " Mind you , the ear would be back at home . These missions are unrelated . But , yes , though it might seem crazy , we now know that this is possible , because a German artist named Diemut Strebe has successfully "  regrown " Vincent van Gogh 's legendary severed ear . It 's a piece she calls "  Sugababe , " and is on display at the ZKM Karlsruhe Museum , where you can actually speak into van Gogh 's ear with a special microphone , magically confessing all your secrets to the deceased artist . "  Vincent ... I 'm not wearing pants . " "  Sir , we know . Please come with us . " It 's been 126 years since the famous Dutch painter supposedly hacked off part of his ear , but new technology and a little creative thinking managed to bring it back to life . Sort of . Here 's how it worked : When Strebe came up with her idea , she originally wanted to procure some DNA from an envelope that it was believed van Gogh had once licked . "  Publishers Clearing House . Vincent van Gogh , you may already be a winner . HOT DAMN ! I got ta get this in the mail ! " However , it turned out that the DNA was n't a match , so she found an actual modern day descendant of Vincent , the great-great-grandson of his brother Theo . Which I 'm sure resulted in a rather awkward phone call . "  Right . Sooooo , I need some of your DNA for this ... ear I 'm building . " This modern descendent would be Lieuwe van Gogh , who , it turns out , shares a Y-chromosome and one-sixteenth of Vincent 's genome . In case you were wondering , Iggy Pop was not a match . Nobody checked . But I 'm telling you he was n't a match . So , now they had some living cells from Lieuwe  pronounced : "  Dave "  , and that led Strebe to the next step in the process , which was making a mold of van Gogh 's ear with a 3-D printer . The shape was modeled and designed by closely computing photos of van Gogh . And it had to be photos . Despite Vincent 's talent , for an accurate reading , his self portraits were just a little too post-impressionisty . Next , Strebe needed to get her hands on some cartilage cells . Which , I assume , is not something you can do by , say , hitting up your local corner dope pusher or stopping into Trader Joe 's . "  Three bells ! " Nevertheless , obtained cartilage cells were injected with Lieuwe 's DNA and added to the 3-D mold that had been created with a dissolvable sugar-polymer scaffolding . And there it sat , inside a bioreactor , for several weeks , where , as the scaffolding dissolved , the cells grew , strengthened , and filled in empty spaces . And then  poof !  you had van Gogh 's ear . So long as we have a very loose definition of what we are willing to consider van Gogh 's ear . But we definitely had something . And while the ear now sits suspended in a nutrient solution in Germany , the plan is to move the display to New York in 2015 . By then , though , I 'm hoping we can add a few more famous missing parts to the exhibit , starting with Jerry Garcia 's right-hand middle finger . Which just so happens to be the exact same missing digit as Chicago mayor , Rahm Emanuel 's . Fun fact . Bet you did n't know that . Look , I 'm no artist . Hell , I think Dogs Playing Poker is one of the greatest cultural achievements in human history . But , that said , I 'm pretty sure a regenerated middle-finger-face-off between Jerry Garcia and Rahm Emanuel would be worthy of its own room at the MOMA next to van Gogh 's ear . But good luck getting the genetics . "  Right . Sooooo , Rahm , I need some of your DNA for this ... middle finger I 'm building . " Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	A German artist 3-D printed Vincent van Gogh 's legendary severed ear Cells were used by the great-great-grandson of Vincent 's brother Theo The ear now sits in a nutrient solution in a museum in Germany , and will be on display in New York in 2015
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fresh explosions rang out early Tuesday near Tripoli , hours after South African President Jacob Zuma held talks with Moammar Gadhafi and signalled he was ready to accept an African Union plan for a cease-fire . Around 12:45 a.m. Tuesday , a pair of large blasts were heard about five minutes apart , as jets flew over the capital of Tripoli . A Libyan government official said the first strike hit Abu Sita , a former military turned construction site about 10 kilometers  6 miles  from the city center . There was no immediate indication of where the second explosion occurred . Nor was there an immediate response from NATO , which has conducted regular strikes as part of its stated mission to halt Libyan leader Gadhafi 's forces from killing innocent civilians . Hours before the blasts , Zuma emerged from a meeting with the longtime Libyan strongman convinced that Gadhafi was ready for an end to hostilities , including such airstrikes and the ongoing fight with the Benghazi-based opposition movement . But he gave no indication that Gadhafi was prepared to step aside , as rebel leaders have insisted is their primary demand . "  Brother leader took the position today that he is ready to implement the decision of the AU  that  there must be a cease-fire , " Zuma told a scrum of reporters on the tarmac at Tripoli 's Mitiga International Airport before boarding a jet . "  The view is that that must include -- bombing by NATO must also come to an end , " he said in the news conference , which was broadcast on Libyan state television . Zuma added that Gadhafi said any cease-fire must apply to all parties , "  but also , he makes the point that : Let the Libyan people be given a chance to talk among themselves . And therefore , he 's ready to implement the road map of the AU . " Unlike some other world leaders , Zuma has not called for the longtime Libyan leader to step down . Neither has Zuma 's African National Congress party nor the African Union , which he was representing and which Gadhafi once led . In fact , the AU has criticized the NATO airstrikes . In April , Zuma led an AU delegation to Tripoli , where hopes were raised briefly when it was announced that Gadhafi had agreed , in principle , to the African Union 's "  road map " proposal for peace . But Gadhafi continued his attacks and the Libyan opposition rejected the proposal because it did not meet its demand that he give up the power he has held for 42 years . A government official said Libyan Prime Minister Al-Baghdadi Ali al-Mahmudi also attended Monday 's meeting . Baghdadi greeted Zuma upon his arrival at the airport , where dozens of Gadhafi supporters carried posters , some of which said , "  May the leader be victorious " and "  Thanks for great Africa . " The African Union has helped mediate peace talks before , including ones in Kenya and Zimbabwe that left the ruling powers in control . It was not clear whether Zuma used the opportunity to press Gadhafi for information on the whereabouts of South African freelance photographer Anton Hammerl . Hammerl has been missing in Libya since April and is believed dead . South Africa has said it got assurances from Libya that the journalist was alive . But a Libyan government spokesman has said his whereabouts were unknown . "  We never had him with us at any stage , " spokesman Musa Ibrahim has said . The meeting came as Gadhafi 's grip on power appeared to continue to loosen . Eight generals from his army have defected to Italy , the Italian Foreign Ministry told CNN Monday . The generals were accompanied by more than 100 Libyan soldiers , a senior Italian official with firsthand knowledge of , and responsibility for , the operation said . The Libyans crossed their country 's border into Tunisia , where they were met by Italian intelligence agents , the official said . Italy announced Monday that it will open a consulate Tuesday in the rebel-held eastern city of Benghazi . Also Monday , the first locally based television station to operate in Libya since the start of the revolution was to begin broadcasting from the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . The station was founded by Momammed Nabus , who later was one of five journalists killed in the conflict . "  Gadhafi forces assassinated him for highlighting to the rest of the world the atrocities committed by the Gadhafi regime , " said Zuheir Al-Barasi , who was to open the station 's broadcast from the city 's courthouse . In recent weeks , Gadhafi has been seen in public only rarely as NATO has stepped up attacks against his sprawling Bab el-Azizia compound . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Monday that Gadhafi 's "  reign of terror is coming to an end . " "  He is increasingly isolated at home and abroad , " Rasmussen said during a speech in Bulgaria . "  Even those closest to him are departing , defecting or deserting . " Rasmussen also said NATO has made "  significant progress " in its Libya operation . NATO said Monday it has conducted 3,385 strike sorties in Libya since March . "  We have seriously degraded Gadhafi 's ability to kill his own people , " Rasmussen said in his speech . "  We have prevented more massacres in Misrata and elsewhere across the country , and we are saving lives every day . " The NATO-led bombing campaign began in March after the U.N. Security Council authorized the use of any means necessary -- short of occupation -- to protect civilians from attacks by Gadhafi 's forces . On Sunday , Libyan opposition forces continued to fend off attacks near the rebel-held port city of Misrata . But rebel leader Mustafa Abdul Jalil said over the weekend that the opposition movement is running out of money even as it has achieved key victories militarily and diplomatically . "  We are going through a financial crisis , " said Jalil , chairman of the Benghazi-based National Transitional Council . In a speech in Geneva , Switzerland , the United Nations ' top human rights official noted Monday "  the brutality and magnitude of measures " taken by the Libyan government . The government 's actions have been "  shocking , " United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said , criticizing the "  outright disregard for basic human rights . " CNN 's Sara Sidner , Ben Wedeman , Nkepile Mabuse , Amir Ahmed , Raja Razek and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Two large explosions are heard early Monday near Tripoli More than 100 Libyan soldiers defect , along with eight generals Gadhafi says bombing by NATO must come to an end , South African president says President Jacob Zuma meets with Gadhafi ; does n't say he will step down
CNN  Irish betting company Paddy Power is backtracking after tweeting that "  Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male . " The tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club , alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States in which unarmed African-American men have been killed by police . Paddy Power -- well-known for its use of publicity stunts -- used it to link to a piece showing statistics for games between Liverpool and Newcastle United ahead of their English Premier League match on Monday . A Paddy Power spokesman told CNN before Liverpool 's 2-0 victory at Anfield : "  It was a joke , and no offense was meant . " The tweet has since been deleted , but its removal -- along with the statement -- did little to placate social media users who condemned the organization , with some calling for the person who wrote the tweet to be sacked . In January , Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola 's failed candidacy for the presidency of world football 's governing body . The former Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham player could not persuade enough FIFA football associations to back his bid . He needed five to have any chance of unseating Sepp Blatter . Paddy Power started the funding for the candidacy , but its penchant for publicity stunts quickly led many people to dismiss Ginola 's bid as another attempt to grab headlines . Paddy Power , the son of one the company 's founders and its marketing spokesman , explained : "  We 've been known for some mischievous activity around the world . This is not that . This is for real . " Last year , the company generated anger when it promised "  money back if he walks " in relation to the trial of disgraced South African Paralympian Oscar Pistorius . Monday 's win put Liverpool fifth in the table , four points behind defending champion Manchester City , which holds England 's final European Champions League qualification spot with six games left to play this season . Young England forward Raheem Sterling , who has turned down a new contract , scored a fine solo goal in the first half , and midfielder Joe Allen 's 70th-minute strike condemned 13th-placed Newcastle to a fifth successive league defeat . Newcastle , which had France international midfielder Moussa Sissoko sent off in the 83rd minute , has not won at Anfield since a 1-0 victory in the League Cup in November 1995 .	Company known for use of publicity stunts Tweet contained pun on name of Liverpool 's Kop stand It was used to link to Liverpool-Newcastle stats Social media backlash leads to apology
CNN  -- The dangerous heat wave blamed for as many as 22 deaths spread into the eastern United States on Wednesday , extending its reach across nearly half the U.S. population , officials said . About 141 million people in a 1 million-square-mile area were under heat advisories and warnings , Justin Kenney , spokesman for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , tweeted . The National Weather Service said , "  These triple-digit temperatures are forecast to remain in place across the eastern U.S. through Saturday before cooling off slightly to the mid-90s by Sunday . " "  After several days of deadly heat and humidity as many as 22 people have died , " the National Weather Service reported Wednesday afternoon . In Oklahoma , four heat-related deaths have been confirmed since May , said Cherokee Ballard , spokesperson for the state medical examiner . Three of those occurred in the past 30 days , including the deaths of a 3-year-old boy in a car in Norman and a 69-year-old man from Blackwell , she said . Another eight Oklahoma deaths may potentially be related to the heat , Ballard told CNN , with most occurring in July . For parts of the country that have already been scorched , some relief was forecast to arrive later Wednesday , the weather service said . A cold front moving across Montana Wednesday "  will significantly drop temperatures across the north central U.S. for the rest of the week , though locations across the central and southern Plains and parts of the Midwest will not see much change from the extended period of heat . " But in the East , some of the worst temperatures were just setting in . Excessive-heat watches , warnings and heat advisories were in effect in more than 30 states Wednesday , in what the weather service described as "  a large portion of the central U.S. and Ohio River Valley , as well as portions of the mid-Atlantic and northeastern states . Temperatures will feel like 100 to 110 degrees or higher during the afternoon hours . " The heat wave in recent days has brought heat index values -- which measure how hot it feels -- to as high as 131 , the weather service said . Heat indices on Tuesday reached 129 in Newton , Iowa ; 121 in Taylorville , Illinois ; 122 in Gwinner , North Dakota ; and 123 in Hutchinson , Minnesota . Minneapolis recorded its highest dew point ever , 82 degrees , on Tuesday . The dew point temperature is a measure of atmospheric moisture . Part of what makes the heat wave so dangerous is that it offers no break , even at night . Chicago on Tuesday tied its record for the warmest low temperature of 78 degrees . In Rockford , Illinois , temperatures dropped down only to 76 degrees -- the warmest on record . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said people in areas affected by extreme heat should drink more water than usual -- and not wait until they feel thirsty . "  Avoid alcohol or liquids containing high amounts of sugar , " the CDC says . The CDC also recommends taking cool showers or baths and avoiding direct sunlight . "  Check on those most at-risk twice a day , " the CDC said . CNN 's Sean Morris , Jacqui Jeras , Dave Alsup and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : National Weather Service says 22 deaths may be due to heat in Midwest 141 million people are under advisories or warnings , NOAA spokesman tweets Watches , warnings , and advisories cover more than 30 states
CNN  Long distance trails inspire contradictory tales of solitude and camaraderie , deserted river beds and mountain plateaus , pleasure and pain . The idea of covering thousands of miles on foot is itself barely believable . Perhaps that 's what makes these adventures so memorable . Cheryl Strayed 's memoir of her 1,000-mile trek along the U.S. Pacific Crest Trail was so enthralling it made it to Hollywood . "  Wild , " a film based on her account and starring Reese Witherspoon , was one of the most talked about releases at the end of 2014 , with Witherspoon even nominated for a best actress award at the 2015 Golden Globes . If you 'd like a piece of that action , or simply crave dehydrated food , days without washing and multiple , life-threatening encounters , then here are 10 other epic hikes ripe for big screen treatment . Who would play you ? The Appalachian  United States Distance : 3,510 kilometers  2,180 miles The Appalachian is the grand dame of long-distance trails . One third of North America 's holy hiking trinity , the Triple Crown -- the others being the Pacific Crest and Continental Divide trails -- it 's the most iconic , famed for its "  thru hikers " who attempt to complete it in a single season . Its 5 million steps follow the Appalachian Mountains from Mount Springer , Georgia , to Mount Katahdin , Maine . The range was once a natural border to the 13 colonies held by powerful Native American tribes like the Iroquois and Cherokee , before independence gave rise to westward expansion . Among the highlights : the idyllic , overgrown tracks through Great Smokey Mountains National Park in North Carolina , North America 's most diverse forest . More information at : Appalachiantrail.org The South West Coast Path  UK Distance : 1,016 kilometers  630 miles The UK 's longest National Trail is a stroll in the park compared to some of the other walks on our list , but what it lacks in longevity it makes up for in history . This dramatic coastal route from Minehead , Somerset , to Poole Harbour in Dorset , takes hikers around the tip of Cornwall , crisscrossing two World Heritage Sites including the famed Jurassic Coast . Nicknamed for its 240-million-year-old rocks , these prehistoric cliffs feature spectacular formations like Durdle Door and Ladram Bay . And while it may be shorter you 'll still have to climb a total of 114,931 feet  35,031 meters or four times the height of Everest  to finish it . More information : Southwestcoastpath.com Te Araroa  New Zealand Distance : 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles With a backdrop straight out of Middle Earth -- glacial ridges , windswept headlands , shires -- New Zealand 's landscape does n't disappoint . Te Araroa  Maori for "  The long pathway "  covers most of it ; all the way from Cape Regina in the North to Bluff on the southern tip . "  Tramping " the length of it , as the Kiwis would say , from the gentle bays of Queen Charlotte to the volcanic Mount Tongariro , takes about three months . Still , even at a fast pace you could be overtaken be overtaken . Ultramarathon runner Jezz Bragg completed it in a fantastical time of 53 days . More information : Teararoa.org.nz Continental Divide Trail  United States Distance : 4,990 kilometers  3,100 miles The third and longest installment of The Triple Crown is really a director 's cut -- loved by serious trail enthusiasts but not for everyone . Spanning 3,100 miles from Mexico to Canada along the Rocky Mountain spine of North America , it takes hikers across some arduous but spectacular terrain including the Red Desert dunes of Wyoming and the heights of Grays Peak  14,270 feet/4 ,350 meters  in Colorado . The standout feature is Triple Divide Peak in Montana , where the rain runs three ways to the Pacific , the Atlantic and the Arctic via Hudson Bay . Only 150 people attempt to thru-hike the trail each year . The youngest to complete it was 13-year-old Reed Gjonnes . More information : Continentaldividetrail.org Sir Samuel and Lady Florence Baker Historical Trail  Sudan-Uganda Distance : 805 kilometers  500 miles Trail blazers have recaptured the spirit of discovery with this historic route , which retraces the expedition of Sir Samuel and Lady Florence Baker 's -- the first Europeans to set eyes on Lake Albert and name it after Queen Victoria 's late husband -- to that great African lake , 150 years ago . Starting near Juba , in South Sudan , the greater part runs through Uganda to Baker 's View , over Lake Albert , and takes in natural wonders like Murchison Falls , which break the Nile with a 141-foot  43 meter  drop as it flows to Lake Victoria . More info : Thebakertrail.com Oregon Desert Trail  United States Distance : 1,287 kilometers  800 miles The Oregon High Desert is a thrilling , stark arena in which to test your mettle . The route is a moveable feast of shorter trails , historic wagon roads and swathes of wilderness to pioneer as you desire , or "  bushwhack , " as hiking enthusiasts call it . Not for the inexperienced , the isolation and scarcity of water over long sections pose a serious challenge , requiring significant backup resources . But it 's not all desolation . There 's a quiet beauty to the landscape , which blooms wherever there 's moisture . The truly remote , red-rock Owyhee Canyonlands seem to crumble away as you wander through . More information : Onda.org Grand Italian Trail , Sentiero Italia  Italy Distance : 6,166 kilometers  3,830 miles There are "  Great " trails and even "  Greater " trails . The Sentiero is best described as "  Grand . " It 's an indulgent , convalescent tour traversing the entire Alpine arc before shimmying down the Apennine chain to Sicily and finally drifting west across the Tyrrhenian to Sardinia and Santa Teresa Gallura -- site of the ancient city of Tibula . The route was forged in 1995 by the first Walk Italy event and gives not so much a taste but a full five courses of La Dolce Vita : from the majestic Dolomites , via rich Tuscan vineyards , to the jaw-dropping splendor of the Amalfi Coast . With such varied terrain and the sheer distances involved a thru-hike takes considerable planning and roughly eight months to complete . More information : Traildino.com Great Himalayan Trail  Nepal Distance : 1,700 kilometers  1,056 miles In a word : ambitious . Still being put together , when finished , this 4,500 kilometer  2,796 mile  skyscraping traverse will be the longest and highest mountain trail in the world , crossing the entire Himalaya range from Kashmir to Tibet , via India , Nepal and Bhutan . Nepal 's section is the most complete and it alone offers one of the great trekking challenges . It 's split into Low and High routes that run near parallel , beginning either side of Kanchenjunga Base Camp and ending on the Tibetan border in Humla . For high culture , the low route  still averaging 2,000 meters in height  passes through remote Nepali villages dotted along the hills and valleys . Only those with mountaineering experience should attempt the high route -- it peaks at a breathless 6,146 meters  20,164 feet  . More information : Thegreathimalayatrail.org Hokkaido Nature Trail  Japan Distance : 4,585 kilometers  2,849 miles Japan is something of a distance-walking paradise , home to five of the world 's 10 longest trails . At 2,849 miles and growing , this is the longest and last of them all , exploring the glaciers , forests and steaming , volcanic mountains of Hokkaido . Japan 's northernmost island is roughly the size of Austria , with short balmy summers and long , cold winters . A complete tour takes seven months and is best divided by either side of winter . More information : Walkjapan.com Trans Panama Trail  Panama Distance : 800 kilometers  497 miles Anyone who has hiked in the tropics will testify to the difficult conditions . Sweaty , dense jungles , swarms of mosquitoes and numerous other bloodsucking creatures await and that 's before you even begin this 500-mile journey . But the rewards are greater for those challenges . This cross-Panama route takes hikers from the border in Colombia to Costa Rica , and promises encounters with remote indigenous tribes like the Kuna and Embera . Hikers have a chance to canoe backwaters banked with lush rainforest and explore paths carved by conquistadors 600 years ago . Half complete in 2009 , the whole route has now been mapped by Rick Morales , who himself completed it in just more than three months . More information : Transpanama.org	At 4,500 kilometers , Nepal 's Great Himalayan Trail is the longest and highest mountain trail in the world The Grand Italian Trail takes considerable planning and roughly eight months to complete Only 150 people attempt to thru-hike the Continental Divide Trail each year
CNN  It was always going to take an extraordinary performance from a very talented swimmer to beat Michael Phelps at his favorite event in an Olympic final . For more than a decade , the great American had vanquished all comers in the 200 meters butterfly on both the world and Olympic stage , but then along came Chad le Clos . When the South African chased down Phelps in the final 50 meters of the race to snatch a dramatic fingertip victory by 0.05 seconds he created one of the defining moments of the 2012 London Olympics . As a 12-year-old , le Clos had gazed into his television set at home in Durban watching in awe as Phelps , widely regarded as the greatest swimmer of all-time , won six Olympic gold medals at Athens in 2004 . So perhaps it 's not surprising that lining up alongside his hero in an Olympic final eight years later took on a slightly surreal air . "  My dream was always to swim like Michael Phelps so when I raced against him in the final it was actually a crazy feeling , " le Clos tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  When I touched at 150  meters  I think I was 1.5 meters behind him . When I turned I actually looked at him underwater and I thought I was him -- I know it sounds absolutely crazy , but I saw myself as him going past someone else . " "  I remembered how he used to come off the last turn and , you know , smoke everyone ... I thought , he 's done this for so many years and I remembered that when I was swimming . I do n't know what it was but it was magical . " The mind-altering moment quickly morphed into a life-changing experience for the then 20-year-old who edged out Phelps in the final stroke . "  It was such a huge moment for South Africa . Obviously , to represent your country is a huge honor but to beat Michael Phelps at the Olympics was amazing , " he says . "  As a young kid everyone wants to be like their heroes but you do n't actually think one day that you 're going to beat them . " The remarkable victory was memorable not just for le Clos ' reactions -- which went from joy to disbelief immediately after the race -- but for those of his father Bert , whose elated response and subsequent TV interview have become an enduring part of the swimmer 's story . The excitable tribute to his "  down-to-earth , beautiful boy , " which included repeated mentions of the word "  unbelievable , " touched the hearts of viewers and turned le Clos senior into something of a household name himself . "  I never knew my father was such a celebrity until like five , six days after the Games -- I was so wrapped up in  my own  bubble , " le Clos explains . "  We were walking down the street and everyone was taking photos of me , but I could n't find my dad , and I saw him and there were a line of people taking photos of him and I was like : ` Dad ! You are stealing my thunder here . C'mon ! ' It was incredible . "  Everywhere he goes he 's that famous dad and that 's amazing because he really is . Nothing was put on for the cameras -- that 's how he is back home . To my other brothers and sister he 's a great dad . " Success in the pool has been rich reward for Bert , who steered the Chad towards swimming when a football career looked more likely . "  My parents were hugely influential in helping me make decisions throughout my life , especially my sporting career , " he says . "  When I was young I played football until I was about 13 or 14 years old -- I played for the state team  Natal  . I had to make a decision and my dad realized that I was a better swimmer , even though my family had a football background . "  Ninety-nine percent of fathers would have told their son to play football ... I still thank him every day for helping me make that decision . " There is now another le Clos in the pool -- teenager Jordan is hoping to follow in his brother 's large footsteps , having already competed at South Africa 's national championships . "  You know , 2020 is very important to me , " says Chad . "  Hopefully my brother can make the Olympics then and swim in the same relay team . " Originally a breaststroker , le Clos switched to butterfly after he tore both his abductor muscles  in the groin  in 2008 when he was 16 years old . "  Butterfly movement is really different . It 's unlike freestyle or other strokes where it 's very , very technical . I compare it to dancing -- I 'm a terrible dancer ! -- it 's about getting your hips right , your kick is very important . I just really enjoy it . It 's a fast stroke , so I guess the injury was a blessing in disguise for me . " While swimming 's toughest stroke remains his favored discipline , le Clos has also struck gold in the individual 200m freestyle -- at the short-course world championships in Doha last year -- and the 400m medley  butterfly , backstroke , breaststroke and freestyle  at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi . But it is butterfly where he has dominated in recent years . After pipping Phelps in the 200m in London , le Clos had to settle for silver behind the American in the 100m , but he has n't missed a stroke since . A 100m and 200m double at the 2013 World Championships in Barcelona was followed by gold at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow , Scotland last August . He capped a brilliant 2014 in December with three more titles  50m , 100m and 200m  at the short-course worlds in Doha before being crowned FINA World Male Swimmer of the Year -- an award he is incredibly proud of . "  The Olympic gold will always be there and it will be the most outstanding moment of my life , but to win the 2014 Swimmer of the Year award was up there . Not many people have won the Ballon d'Or of swimming , so it was a very special moment for me . " For le Clos , who turns 23 in April , the best is almost certainly yet to come with another Olympics fast approaching . He concedes that it will be "  very , very difficult " to get anywhere near Phelps ' record haul of 18 Olympic gold medals  and 22 overall  , but he may get the chance to race him one more time . Phelps , who announced his retirement following the 2012 London Games , made a shock return to the pool last year although things have n't exactly gone to plan -- the "  Baltimore Bullet " is serving a six-month ban imposed by USA Swimming after he was arrested for drink-driving last September . The ban has put his planned appearance at this year 's FINA World Championships in doubt , but Phelps is still hopeful of qualifying for his fifth Olympics in 2016 . "  I really , really hope that he and his team decide to swim in Rio , I really believe it will be great , " le Clos told Reuters last year . "  It 's added motivation for me ... with Michael back , it 's really sparked my fire , so to speak . I do n't think he will be worse in Rio , I think he 'll be back where he wants to be . He 's a champion in all respects but I believe I can beat him again . " If he can , then le Clos will have taken a giant step towards his ultimate aim of swimming and sporting immortality . "  I want to cement myself in the sport as one of the greats . In swimming terms , I want people to remember Chad le Clos -- the guy that not only beat Michael Phelps , but who is the best fast swimmer of all time , " he says . "  In South Africa we have a rich history of great champions -- rugby players , cricket players , a lot of great golfers -- so I 'm among really tough competition , but I believe that after 2016 and 2020 I can hopefully be the greatest . "	South African swimmer stunned Michael Phelps at 2012 London Olympics After defeating his childhood idol , le Clos has dominated 100m and 200m butterfly His father Bert is also famous for joyful celebrations following son 's win in London The 22-year-old is hoping to square up to Phelps again at Rio in 2016
CNN  -- For most Americans , the budget debate in Washington is reaching dog-whistle pitch , a tone that only partisans can hear . Which , as far as I am concerned , is a mercy . Paul Ryan offered his budget on Tuesday . Let 's do give him props for making the effort and all . The vast majority of his colleagues are potted plants on this front , reading talking points , sometimes banging the table and doing precious little else . But what Ryan calls a budget is what any CEO would call a firing offense . It uses some numbers and some words that appear in real budgets . But it neglects some other key elements ... like arithmetic or the truth or a greater economic purpose . The Ryan budget depends entirely on unspecified tax reforms and the replacement of revenues he does n't care for  such as those associated with Obamacare  with others he does n't care to actually define or describe . The rigorous , widely respected Center on Budget and Policy Priorities slammed the exercise , taking Ryan to task for failing to live up to his billing as the guy courageous enough to put his ideas out there . It wrote , "  Is it courageous to propose tax cuts but not identify a single tax expenditure to rein in ? Is it courageous to target your deepest cuts on the poorest Americans , who vote in lower numbers and provide little in campaign contributions ? Is it courageous to camouflage hundreds of billions in cuts for the poor and disadvantaged in broad budget categories without identifying the programmatic cuts , so that analysts , journalists , and other policymakers ca n't identify the specific cuts and assess their impacts ? " Meanwhile , on the other side of the aisle , we have a real sign of the End Times : Senate Democrats have actually come out with a budget for the first time since the iPad was invented . There are children in school , reading , who were born since their last budget . Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray unveiled it Wednesday . Her budget is as partisan as Ryan 's and offers little common ground with his on controversial issues . It calls for $ 1.85 trillion in deficit reduction through the end of the decade , almost $ 1 trillion of it from new revenues . Ryan calls the divergent plans the beginning of a process . The question is where that process will lead . Early next month , the president will submit the budget he was supposed to have sent to the Hill in February . There it will sit , because it too is just a negotiating ploy , an opening bid . These compilations of charts and data are not budgets at all . They are just props in the Budget Follies of 2013 . Not one of the long-term visions sketched out in these plans will actually be realized . There will be no serious discussion or honest debate about enacting meaningful tax reform , rethinking defense spending or remaking our entitlement system for a world in which people generally live longer and in which government resources are stretched . But , frankly , these are n't even the most critical issues we should be addressing . The budget is important . Cutting our deficits matters . But in a country in which corporate profits and the stock market are at record highs but in which jobs are being created far too slowly and median incomes are sagging , we have far more basic issues to grapple with . The United States is like a business whose model for making revenue is failing , trying to save itself by cutting down on travel expenditures and the cost of making photocopies . Sure , we should n't overspend . But if we do n't figure out what business we 're in -- what new industries will create tomorrow 's jobs , what kind of new workers we 'll need , what kind of infrastructure we must have to be competitive and attract investment -- our deficit problems will seem minor compared with our social and political concerns . Our most important national discussion should not be about spending but about investment . We need to recognize that some federal programs help grow the economy and weigh the return on investment we will get from these and which are essential to growing the new industries that will be the employers of tomorrow ... and will provide the growth that is the only real solution to our debt issues . The Ryan budget cuts transportation spending in a country that has neglected its highways and bridges for over half a century . It does n't plan for the infrastructure spending we will need to respond to the consequences of climate change  like hurricane relief  or anticipate the investment we could make to avoid such problems in the first place . It does n't discuss how to expand information technology and next-generation energy infrastructure as we must . Perhaps the Senate budget or the president 's will be wiser about investing -- although neither is likely to think big enough about transport spending or an infrastructure bank or , better , a network of regional infrastructure finance institutions . What seems more likely , sadly , is more hollow gestures , scurrying to avoid artificial deadlines and visionless crisis management . Not one leader has emerged in Washington who is providing anything truly different that cuts to the core questions we face or rises to the true challenge of our times . Which leaves us but one consolation . Washington has grown so shrill that most of this empty debate will be heard only by our dogs . Pity the dogs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Many are oblivious to D.C. 's budget debate ; that 's just as well He says Ryan 's budget re-offer neglects math ; Murray 's also falls short ; Obama 's up next He says they are all unworkable ; we should be talking about investment , not spending Rothkopf : Growth , including federal programs that work , is only real solution to debt
An Ohio man is set to be put to death Thursday by a two-drug cocktail never before used in a U.S. execution . Dennis McGuire was convicted in 1994 of the aggravated murder of Joy Stewart in Preble County , according to the state 's governor , who has denied a request for clemency . Like many states , Ohio has been forced to find new drug protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . Ohio ran out of pentobarbital in September , according to JoEllen Smith , spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction . In response to that shortage , the department amended its execution policy to allow for the use of midazolam , a sedative , and hydromorphone , a painkiller , she said . Death penalty states scramble for lethal injection drugs The combination has never before been used in a U.S. execution . "  Lawyers for McGuire contend that he will suffocate to death in agony and terror . The state disagrees . But the truth is that no one knows exactly how McGuire will die , how long it will take or what he will experience in the process , " Elisabeth A. Semel , clinic professor of law and director of the Death Penalty Clinic at U.C. Berkeley School of Law , wrote in an opinion piece for CNN this week . The state was set to execute Ron Phillips using the two-drug cocktail last year , but Ohio Gov. John Kasich granted the convicted killer a stay of execution pending a review of possible organ donation to his family members . Unless there is court action or a reprieve , McGuire will be executed at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility in Lucasville . There are currently 139 men and one woman on death row in Ohio , according to the corrections department website . Death penalty in the U.S. gradually declining Serial killer Joseph Franklin executed after hours of delay A death row interview	The two-drug combination has never before been used in a U.S. execution Facing shortages , states are scrambling to find new drug protocols Dennis McGuire was convicted of the aggravated murder of Joy Stewart
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States Mint launched a new coin Tuesday featuring jazz legend Duke Ellington , making him the first African-American to appear by himself on a circulating U.S. coin . The District of Columbia coin honoring Duke Ellington was introduced Tuesday in Washington . Ellington , the composer of classics including "  It Do n't Mean a Thing If It Ai n't Got That Swing " appears on the "  tails " side of the new D.C. quarter . George Washington is on the "  heads " side , as is usual with U.S. quarters . The coin was issued to celebrate Ellington 's birthplace , the District of Columbia . U.S. Mint Director Ed Moy introduced the new coin at a news conference Tuesday at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History . Members of Ellington 's family were present at the ceremony , and the jazz band of Duke Ellington High School performed . Ellington won the honor by a vote of D.C. residents , beating out abolitionist Frederick Douglass and astronomer Benjamin Banneker . Also on the coin is the phrase "  Justice for all . " The Mint rejected the first inscription choice of D.C. voters , which was "  taxation without representation , " in protest of the district 's lack of voting representation in Congress . Edward Kennedy "  Duke " Ellington received 13 Grammy Awards and a Pulitzer Prize , among numerous other honors . His orchestra 's theme song , "  Take the A Train , " is one of the best-known compositions in jazz . Ellington was born in the district in 1899 and composed more than 3,000 songs , including "  Satin Doll , " "  Perdido " and "  Do n't Get Around Much Any More . " "  It Do n't Mean a Thing If It Ai n't Got That Swing " helped usher in the swing era of jazz . Ellington performed with other famous artists , including John Coltrane , Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald , and he traveled around the world with his orchestras . He died in 1974 at the age of 75 . The first African-American to appear on a circulating coin was York , a slave who accompanied Lewis and Clark on their "  Corps of Discovery " adventures across America at the dawn of the 19th century . The 2003 Missouri quarter features the three men together in a canoe on the obverse . The U.S. Mint distinguishes between circulating coins , which are intended for daily use , and commemorative ones , which mark special occasions . African-Americans including Jackie Robinson , who broke baseball 's color barrier , have appeared on commemorative coins . Educator Booker T. Washington , botanist George Washington Carver and the first Revolutionary War casualty , Crispus Attucks , all of whom were black , have also appeared on commemorative coins , according to the U.S. Mint .	Duke Ellington featured on reverse of new quarter honoring District of Columbia Coin introduced at Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History African-Americans have appeared on commemorative coins or as minor figures Ellington was born in D.C. and composed several jazz standards
New York  CNN  -- A grand jury indicted Levi Aron on Wednesday as authorities revealed new details about the death of the 8-year-old Brooklyn boy he is accused of kidnapping and killing last week . The grand jury indicted Aron , 35 , on eight counts , including two of felony murder in the first degree . If convicted , he would face a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole , Kings County District Attorney Charles Hynes announced . Hynes had said he would ask a grand jury for the "  maximum charges permitted by law " for "  the vicious and callous murder and dismemberment of 8-year-old Leiby Kletzky . " The indictment accuses Aron of abducting Kletzky in his Brooklyn neighborhood on July 11 . After kidnapping the boy , the indictment says , Aron took him to Aron 's apartment and killed him there , according to a statement from Hynes ' office . "  I should note that the child 's body contained marks on the wrist ... which would indicate at some point that he was tied , " Hynes told reporters . Hours before Hynes announced the indictment , New York City 's chief medical examiner said that Kletzky died after being drugged and then smothered . "  We charge that the child was kept for more than 12 hours , that it was an intent to kill , and that 's based on ingestion of the medication , " Hynes said . The autopsy results for Kletzky listed a cocktail of four prescription and over-the-counter drugs in the boy 's system : cyclobenzaprine , a muscle relaxant ; quetiapine , an antipsychotic drug ; hydrocodone , a pain medication ; and acetaminophen , the drug found in Tylenol , according to a statement from the medical examiner 's office . Kletzky disappeared July 11 while walking home alone from his summer day camp . Police located human remains in Aron 's freezer during a search of the Brooklyn neighborhood , as well as in a trash bin . Both Aron and Kletzky are members of the borough 's close-knit Orthodox Jewish community , although police say it does n't appear that they knew each other . On Wednesday , Hynes detailed some of the evidence that he alleged links Aron to the kidnapping and killing -- including extensive video footage that shows Kletzky talking to a man and following him to a brown car authorities later traced to Aron . Detectives later concluded that Aron was also the man they saw in the video footage , Hynes said . Aron , who was being held without bail , did not enter a plea at his arraignment last week . He is under a suicide watch . A mental evaluation that his attorneys asked be conducted on their client has been completed but the results have not been released , said attorney Gerard Marrone . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said last week that Aron told authorities he was sorry for the trouble he has caused . Statements made by the suspect indicated that he kidnapped Kletzky and , as the neighborhood search for the boy intensified , he panicked and killed him , Kelly said . Aron is currently at Bellevue Hospital Center , where doctors are examining him , Hynes said . "  His mental capacity is a question for the doctors , " Hynes said , adding that he expected their findings to be released before a scheduled court appearance July 28 . Defense attorneys Marrone and Pierre Bazile say Aron has said he hears voices and hallucinates . "  He 's been hearing voices for quite some time , " Marrone told reporters at a news conference Monday , adding that his client tries to silence the voices by listening to music . "  He listens to it with earphones and he listens to it very loud , and that helps him quell some of his voices . " "  I have sincerest concerns about the defendant 's mental state and his cognitive abilities , " Bazile said Wednesday . Kelly called the case "  heartbreaking . " "  Obviously in this business you see a lot of violence , but there 's usually some sort of irrational twisted logic that 's given to why a violent event took place , " Kelly said in a news conference last week . "  Here , I mean , it 's just , it defies all logic and I think that 's what 's really so , so terribly disturbing about this case . There 's absolutely no reason . There 's nothing more innocent than an 8-year-old child and to be , you know , killed in this manner it 's just ... heartbreaking . " On the day he disappeared , Kletzky was supposed to meet his parents after walking seven blocks from his summer day camp , but he became lost and asked the suspect for directions , Kelly said . Surveillance video showed Aron entering a dentist 's office while Kletzky waited for him across the street for seven minutes , Kelly said . Aron claims he took Kletzky to a wedding July 11 in Monsey , New York , and then brought him back , Kelly said . Police said Aron went to the wedding , but they have not been able to confirm that Kletzky went with him , as no one has said they saw him . Hynes said Wednesday that authorities have evidence showing that Kletzky had been in Monsey , saying a clerk reported seeing the boy at a gas station there . According to Kelly , police showed up at Aron 's third-floor attic apartment at 2:40 a.m. July 13 and asked him about Kletzky 's whereabouts . The suspect pointed them to the kitchen , where blood was visible on the freezer handle . Inside the refrigerator was a cutting board with three blood-spattered carving knives , Kelly said . Remains were found in Aron 's freezer and in a trash bin more than two miles away , wrapped in a black plastic garbage bag inside a suitcase , Kelly said . Aron worked as a clerk at a maintenance supply company , authorities said . His only known criminal summons was for urinating in public last year . The grand jury 's charges against Aron on Wednesday also included three counts of murder in the second degree , two counts of kidnapping in the first degree and one count of kidnapping in the second degree . CNN 's Jesse Solomon , Nina Raja and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	NEW : A district attorney says marks on Leiby Kletzky 's wrists indicate he was tied NEW : Levi Aron is hospitalized while doctors evaluate his mental state , prosecutors say An indictment says 8-year-old Kletzky was killed in Aron 's apartment The charges against Aron carry a maximum sentence of life without parole
Santa Fe , New Mexico  CNN  -- New Mexico -- one of three states that allow undocumented immigrants to obtain driver 's licenses -- is debating whether to change the practice . The state 's lawmakers were scheduled to take up the issue in a special session on Tuesday . However , there are nearly a dozen other issues they must address by the end of the session , which could last up to 30 days . The session was originally scheduled to focus on redistricting for statewide elections , but the governor put the driver 's license issue on the docket . Republican Susana Martinez , the nation 's first Latina governor , campaigned on a promise to stop undocumented immigrants from getting licenses . The state 's House in March passed a measure to start requiring license applicants to have Social Security cards , which are available only to legal residents . The Senate has rejected House Bill 78 , however . A push is underway to swing the vote in the Senate , with Martinez leading the effort . Immigrant-rights advocates defend the current practice . It was intended to offer undocumented immigrants "  the opportunity to buy insurance , register their vehicles and have a driving record available to all law enforcement , " said Marcela Diaz of Somos Un Pueblo Unido  We Are a United People  . But critics say the practice is turning New Mexico into a magnet for fraud . "  Currently , illegal immigrants from all over the country come to New Mexico to obtain a license without having the intention of staying here , " said Demesia Padilla , the state 's secretary of taxation and revenue . Some scofflaws sell their residency information . One woman , Rosa Pardo-Marrufo , confessed to allowing her address to be used -- charging up to $ 700 for each application . She was arrested in 2009 and is serving 10 years in prison for fraud . The state Taxation and Revenue Department has pushed a "  residency certification program . " Aiming to expose residency fraud , officials began sending letters in July to 10,000 of the more than 84,000 immigrants who have been issued a license without a Social Security number . They 've been asked to prove their state residency or lose their licenses . On Thursday , a New Mexico district judge placed a temporary restraining order on residency certification , in response to a lawsuit against the Taxation and Revenue Department by the Mexican American Legal and Educational Defense Fund  MALDEF  . A hearing on September 13 will determine whether Judge Sarah Singleton 's restraining order will become permanent . Utah and Washington are the only other states that grant undocumented immigrants driver 's licenses . CNN 's Christopher Lett contributed to this report .	NEW : Special session to address other issues could last up to 30 days The House passes a measure requiring applicants to have Social Security cards Utah and Washington also grant undocumented immigrants licenses
CNN  -- The "  mommy war " between stay-at-home and working mothers is in danger of being overshadowed by another maddening contest : the one between mothers in the U.S. and France . Two recent books , Pamela Druckerman 's "  Bringing Up Bébé " and Karen Le Billon 's "  French Kids Eat Everything , " make the case that French parents raise kids who behave and eat far better than their American counterparts . This month , the English language debut of the European bestseller by French philosopher Elisabeth Badinter , "  The Conflict : How Modern Motherhood Undermines the Status of Women , " is already causing a stir . Badinter argues that overwhelming numbers of French mamans manage to work full-time and have several kids because they have n't succumbed to intensive ideals of motherhood , most of all American-style "  natural mothering . " Think extended breastfeeding , nonmedicalized birth , co-sleeping , and cloth diapers . Commentators are already jumping on Badinter 's polemic as mommy war fodder . Does La Leche League oppress women ? Is the environmental movement , or feminism , to blame ? It 's been a busy season indeed for chroniclers of the faux mommy wars . But as usual , that war is more farce than reality . Fini , everyone . The global battle between mamans and mamas , just as the one between stay-at-home and working moms , is largely staged . The sometimes jazzy headlines -- such as "  The conflict attacks progressive parenting as anti-feminist " on April 10 in The Washington Post -- do a disservice to the complex lives of women . Creating two categories of mothers pits one against the other , and obscures the way traditional mommy-dividing categories often overlap . Women frequently opt in and out and back from paid work . Conversations about that fabricated domestic war and the latest international one obscure real differences linked to factors such as class and education . And of course , "  French " and "  American " simplify the lives of millions of mothers in both countries . If , instead , we actually read these books , we would realize that these authors are trying to offer solutions to the same problems in different ways . We admit it 's hardly as sexy as the Hilary Rosen-Ann Romney showdown , whereby stay-at-home motherhood became partisan fodder after the Democratic strategist Rosen criticized Mitt Romney for turning to his wife , who has "  never worked a day in her life , " for counsel on the economic issues working mothers face . But we ought to slow down long enough to hear what these authors say before pulling our guns . There are kernels of wisdom here . Badinter , for example , wants all women  and particularly those who are French  to resist ideals of mothering that view women as the primary , more "  natural " caregiver , which can make it all the more difficult to balance motherhood with work and a full , adult life . We applaud the way she asks us to examine these intensive ideals of motherhood and their reach . No woman should feel shame because she fails to breastfeed or give birth without an epidural . More fundamentally , we agree that care-giving should n't be the province of women alone . We disagree with Badinter , however , that the obstacles are merely in our heads . We think they 're in political structures , too . Despite Badinter dismissing as irrelevant the French policies that make health care and day care accessible and affordable , here in the U.S. , we lack such support for parents , mothers in particular , who work and do the second shift at home . The battle for pumHping stations and flextime seems a worthier cause than the trumped-up war between those who breastfeed and those who do n't . Surely natural mothering practices would not be so oppressive and disadvantageous to women if we set up society to accommodate them . And while we 're on it , the focus on breasts is a diversion . As a mother said in an interview when Badinter 's book came out in France , the real conflict is not between the mother and the woman , but the woman and the company . When Badinter rejects breastfeeding so mothers can retain their sexuality , one could argue she is merely replacing the tyranny of "  breasts for bébé " for the tyranny of "  breasts for men . " Still , Badinter has good points , and we should n't be so offended as to let the criticism of our parenting overshadow the reality that we , in the United States , have a long way to go . Perhaps there is something to American mothers ' nostalgia for the French way of life , like authors Judith Warner , Jennifer Conlin , Le Billon and Druckerman , all who have raised children in France . You do n't have to be an anthropologist to know that other cultural perspectives can shed light on how we 've constructed particular ideals of motherhood and family , how our government and workplaces value -- or do n't value -- motherhood . Perhaps the French experience might be a reminder that , with a revolution , structures can , and do , change . The solution to the challenges of American parenting is hardly as simple as making children eat spinach , or privileging disposable diapers over cloth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : The first "  mommy war " pitted stay-at-home against working mothers Now , three books extoll the virtues of the French mothering style , they say These divisive conflicts over a mother 's role ignore extenuating circumstances , they say Writers say that Americans face challenges in child-rearing that are more complex
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan investigators have detained 12 police officials following the shooting death of a Chilean diplomat 's teenage daughter . Karen Berendique , 19 , died Saturday from gunshot wounds after Venezuelan police shot at the vehicle she was riding in with her brother in the coastal city of Maracaibo , officials said . Her father , Chilean Honorary Consul Fernando Berendique , told reporters that police pointed guns at the car and opened fire when it did n't stop at a checkpoint . The car had six bullet holes in it , he said . "  It is a product of the irresponsibility and a product of the disrespect for human life here , an act of officials that had little experience , and this is the consequence . ... They cut short the life of my brilliant , 19-year-old daughter , " he told reporters . Venezuelan Interior Minister Tareck El Aissami condemned the shooting , calling it an "  irregular practice " and pledging to punish those responsible . "  We reject this type of bad police practice , " Commissioner Jose Humberto Ramirez said , saying that the police officials allegedly involved had been detained and would be investigated by prosecutors . Chile 's foreign ministry condemned the killing and called on Venezuelan officials to swiftly investigate . Saturday 's shooting comes several months after Chile 's consul general in Caracas was kidnapped , shot and wounded after leaving a hotel . Journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	Chilean Honorary Consul Fernando Berendique criticizes "  disrespect for human life " He says police shot at the car his daughter was riding in when it did n't stop at a checkpoint Venezuelan officials condemn the shooting and say those responsible will be punished Chile 's foreign ministry calls for a swift investigation
Beijing  CNN  -- The trial of Bo Xilai , a former darling of the all-powerful Communist Party , will begin Thursday , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency said . Authorities claim Bo abused his official state position to seek financial benefits , resulting in "  huge losses to the nation and the people . " He is charged with bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power , the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court said Sunday . A source close to the Bo family for decades said this month the claims are "  ridiculous . " "  The charges go way back when Bo was in Dalian , " the source said . "  That 's more than 20 years ago . So they can not find anything more recent ? " The trial begins another chapter in a gripping tale of murder , betrayal and political factionalism . It caps the biggest political scandal to hit China in decades . READ MORE : Bo Xilai indicted for corruption Until March 2012 , the charismatic , populist leader was a member of the policy-making politburo of the Communist Party and party chief of Chongqing , a megacity in southwestern China . Bo , 64 , is currently in detention . He has not been seen in public since news of the scandal emerged , and he was stripped of his role as Chongqing party chief and later his prestigious politburo post . TIMELINE : Bo 's fall from grace According to the indictment documents , as a civil servant he took advantage of his position to seek profit from others and accepted an extremely large amount of money and properties , Xinhua reported . The documents do n't quantify the amount of bribes allegedly accepted , but published reports say it could be as much as 20 million yuan  $ 3.3 million  . What are the allegations about ? Concrete details are not forthcoming . Bo 's lawyer did not respond to request for comments , but sources close to Bo who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case , gave CNN their thoughts on how he is preparing to defend himself . The accusations , according to those sources , may be linked to the case of Xu Ming , a multi-millionaire entrepreneur who owned several companies in Dalian , a bustling port city in eastern China where Bo Xilai served as mayor for nearly nine years . Xu has not been seen for more than a year and is believed to be under detention for alleged corruption . The sources believe that , of the 20 million yuan in alleged bribes , 16 million  $ 2.6 million  may be related to the purchase of a house in Nice , France that Xu bought some years ago . Prosecutors may allege that Xu gave the house to Bo 's wife and son . "  The Bo family says they are aware that Xu bought such a house , but they have no connection with its purchase and ownership . It 's believed to be an old house that Xu may have bought as an investment or for use as vacation house , " one source said . READ MORE : Bo 's wife convicted of murder What punishment awaits Bo ? China 's legal system gives much discretion and flexibility to the local courts in imposing punishment . For the same charge of bribery , for example , Zheng Xiaoyu , former head of the State Food and Drug Administration , was convicted in 2007 of taking more than six million yuan  about $ 1 million  in bribes . He was sentenced to death and executed later that year . In 2009 , however , Chen Tonghai , former chairman of Chinese oil giant Sinopec , was convicted of taking 196 million yuan  $ 31 million  in bribes . He was given a suspended death sentence . Family sources say while they worry for his life , they want Bo to be "  strong-willed . " "  We hope he will not fall for any offers of compromise or blackmail , like if you co-operate we will leave your son out of this , or will give you and your wife leniency . " READ MORE : Bo 's son submits statement in mother 's defense They are also concerned about the in-fighting at the top leadership and its impact on how Bo 's case will be settled . "  Although Bo may not be sentenced to death , we still worry , " the sources said . "  It is also far from over for  Bo 's wife  Gu Kailai , who is serving suspended sentence . They still hold much leverage . "	Source close to Bo Xilai 's family reject charges against him The Chinese politician is accused of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power His wife has been convicted of murder , serving suspended death sentence
CNN  -- The body of chess legend Bobby Fischer was exhumed Monday in Iceland , law enforcement officials have told CNN . His body was reburied shortly after DNA samples were taken , the officials said . Iceland 's supreme court ruled last month in favor of a request by Jinky Young , Fischer 's alleged daughter , to exhume his remains in order to settle a paternity question . Police in the Icelandic town of Selfoss , where Fischer is buried , say the alleged daughter is 9 years old . A doctor , a priest and other officials were present during the procedure , according to the police department in Selfoss . Fischer was 64 when he died in January 2008 . A child prodigy and chess master by the time he was 15 , Fischer achieved international fame in 1972 when he defeated chess grandmaster Boris Spassky of Russia during the height of the Cold War , becoming the world champion . The tournament was considered a symbolic battle between the two greatest powers in the world . It was held in Iceland , midway between the United States and the Soviet Union . Soviet chess masters had held the title since World War II -- until Fischer won . The victory , unequaled by an American since , was followed by tens of millions of chess fans around the world . But Fischer 's genius proved eccentric . Years after his historic win , Fischer gave up the title in 1975 and refused to defend it . He vanished and lived in a self-imposed exile for decades . He resurfaced in Yugoslavia in 1992 for a rematch against Spassky . It was another victory for Fischer , one that earned him $ 3.5 million . The U.S. government claimed Fischer 's participation had violated U.N. sanctions against Yugoslavia , imposed to punish Serb leader Slobodan Milosevic , and revoked his U.S. passport . Fischer again disappeared . He was not heard from again until 2004 , when he was arrested in Japan for traveling on an expired passport . When Iceland granted Fischer citizenship in 2005 , he moved to that country and lived there until his death in a hospital .	Fischer 's alleged daughter , Jinky Young , requested a DNA test His body was exhumed just long enough to take a DNA sample A doctor and a priest were among those present Fischer died in Iceland in 2008
CNN  -- Do you dare to overshare your kids ' exploits on social media ? From bragging "  mommyjackers " and smug "  sanctimommies " to pictures of poop-smeared kids and placenta art , blogger Blair Koenig has seen it all . In fact , she 's made a career of cataloging examples from the worst parental offenders on her website STFU , Parents . Koenig has collected examples of the most frequent and flagrant Web etiquette violations into a new book , "  STFU , Parents : The Jaw-Dropping , Self-Indulgent , and Occasionally Rage-Inducing World of Parent Overshare . " Read an e-mail Q&A with Koenig below , edited for clarity and brevity : CNN : What inspired the website ? Koenig : I started the site in March 2009 after noticing a lot of "  kidformation " in my Facebook newsfeed . Several of my friends were new parents , and my feed was suddenly filled with updates about fluctuating fevers , diaper changes and nap times . I began thinking this was something others might be experiencing when a friend  and mom of two  sent me a few screen shots of her old college friends talking about their "  perfect " children in their status updates . I had no idea back then just how much parents truly overshare about their kids . The examples that inspired the site now seem very tame . But regardless of what gets posted , the purpose of the blog has always been to highlight modern parenting trends while having a laugh . I 'm interested in discussion and etiquette , but I also want it to be entertaining . CNN : Who contributes the photos and notes ? Koenig : I 've heard from everyone you could possibly imagine being Facebook friends with : friends of friends , co-workers , siblings , old high school acquaintances . For a long time , the majority of submissions came from nonparents , often people who worked with kids , like nannies , baby sitters and teachers . But a couple of years ago , I started getting a lot of submissions from parents , many of whom have parent friends that they find annoying . More often than not , the person does know the "  offending " parent and has been pushed to the edge . If a submitter says , "  This person never usually overshares , " I 'll take that into consideration and might not run the submission . But most of the time , that 's not the case . Once a poop picture oversharer , always a poop picture oversharer . CNN : What are some common types of overshare ? Koenig : The aforementioned poop pictures are probably the most common type of submission I receive . I have categories within subcategories because I get so many submissions about poop and potty training . But aside from that , I consider "  overshare " anything a person probably should have kept to herself . This can include hostile complaints about the UPS man waking the baby  Woe Is Mom  , self-righteous updates about being a "  supermom "  Sanctimommy  and hijacking a friend 's status update to talk about your baby in the comments  Mommyjacking  . I also get a lot of graphic labor and delivery pictorials . Some people have no filter . CNN : Do parents ever share their own overshares ? Koenig : I get e-mails from parents who say they 're "  reformed " and submit old examples of their oversharing ways . I 've also heard from parents who say they read the blog because it makes them feel better about their own parenting ! CNN : How do you tread the line between being antagonistic to parents and just highlighting when they go too far ? Koenig : To me , humor is n't good if it 's hateful . The trends I highlight are inherently ridiculous , and I try to emphasize the difference between sharing and oversharing . If you 're just posting a cute picture of your kid eating ice cream , it wo n't get featured on STFU , Parents . CNN : Do you ever get backlash against your posts from parents ? Koenig : If there 's a backlash , it 's not really from parents . It 's more general , like people who just disagree with the blog 's existence . The mom blogger community has unleashed some fury against me and the site , but even in those cases , I think it was just one segment of that community . I 've rarely received hate mail , fortunately , and I get a lot of nice e-mails from parents . One parent did send me a death threat , though . It involved killing me with a piano . CNN : Do you think social media has created a whole new breed of oversharing or just provided more immediate access to it ? Koenig : Social media is the gateway drug to oversharing . Give people a Facebook or Twitter account and tell them to post whatever they want , and soon you will see a total devolution of acceptability . After all , you 're behind a computer or on your phone , and you 're almost tricked into thinking that what you post can simply be erased later . But in reality , once you post something online , it 's there forever . CNN : Some of the blog 's content has to do with sharing potty training pictures . What 's the most disgusting example of oversharing that you 've been sent ? Koenig : That answer depends on the person , because some people do n't find poop disgusting but are completely repulsed by vomit or long strands of green snot . You name it , I 've seen it . Bloody noses , diaper blowouts , crowning newborns , and I 'm slightly embarrassed to admit that I have a whole folder dedicated to "  finger-painting with poop " submissions . Some people will even make art prints with their placentas to frame and hang in their homes . It 's all pretty gross . CNN : What does the book offer that the blog does n't ? Koenig : The book is broken out into 34 short chapters that each represent a different category . It 's like a funny field guide to parent overshare , and I think it 'll be an essential baby shower gift . It also includes a glossary of words you might encounter in modern parenting culture  like birth art , dipe and Nevaeh  , and there are helpful pointers , lists and a quiz to help you determine if you overshare . The blog is great for random doses of laughter , but the book is a cohesive guide that can be used like a "  what not to share " manual . CNN : Do you think your perspective or tone will change if you choose to become a parent ? Koenig : There are two kinds of people on social media : those who post too much information and those who do n't . The ones who do are n't in the habit of considering their "  audience " when they post . They just see social media as a digital scrapbook of their lives . I see it as a way to connect and share relevant information , and I do n't think a child 's poop texture is of any relevance to people other than a child 's parents . I also think there 's a difference between crowdsourcing the best type of car seat to buy and crowdsourcing an toddler 's mysterious , full-body rash . CNN : Many people baby their pets . Do you have any plans to start a STFU , Pet Owners site ? I 've been collecting pet examples for over three years , and I can report that "  pet parents " can be just as bad as human parents . Some people even take pictures of their pet 's poop . None of it makes sense to me , and I 'm excited to share my confusion with readers . For instance , I recently received a series of submissions about a "  dog mom " who celebrated her dog 's birthday and documented the whole shebang on Facebook , "  tagging " him in every photo . That kind of stuff deserves to be seen . Follow Blair Koenig on Twitter @stfuparents	Submitters are often friends of the oversharers , says blogger Blair Koenig She says potty training photos are among the worst offenders Some parents have reformed their ways , Koenig notes Koenig : Social media is the gateway drug to oversharing
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather Junior has confirmed that he will fight WBA welterweight super champion Shane Mosley in Las Vegas on May 1 following the controversial collapse of his much-hyped showdown with Manny Pacquiao . The 38-year-old Mosley , a three-weight world title winner , had already signed up for the bout at the MGM Grand , which will take place under the Olympic-style random blood testing drug protocols that Pacquiao refused to accept . The undefeated Mayweather , a six-time world champion at five different weights and Pacquiao 's chief rival for the pound-for-pound bragging stakes , said in a statement that he was looking forward to taking on his fellow American . "  This one is definitely for the fans as I was n't going to waste anyone 's time with a meaningless tune-up bout and asked to fight Shane immediately , " the 32-year-old said . "  I have said ever since I came back to the sport that I only wanted to fight the best . I think Shane is one of the best , but come May 1 , he still wo n't be great enough to beat me . Mosley had been due for a unification bout on January 30 with Andre Berto , who claimed the WBC title that Mayweather vacated when he retired in 2008 , but the fight was scrapped when his opponent lost family members in the Haiti earthquake . "  I have always wanted to fight Floyd , and now it is finally coming true , " Mosley said . "  I am already in great shape and ready to show everyone on May 1 that I am stronger , faster and better than he is . I will have no problem beating him . " Mosley 's promoter Golden Boy took the chance to have a dig at Filipino star Pacquiao over his refusal to undergo blood testing in the lead-up to the planned fight with Mayweather . "  Shane Mosley is one of the greatest fighters of this era and I commend him for not only agreeing to the fight against Mayweather , but also agreeing to participate in a testing process that can only help the integrity of the sport , " Golden Boy chief executive Richard Schaefer said . Leonard Ellerbe , his counterpart at Mayweather Promotions , also weighed in on the matter . "  Floyd has been trying to make this fight for the last 10 years , so he is extremely excited about the opportunity to face Shane . He ca n't wait to extend his undefeated record and perform at the highest level , " Ellerbe said . "  More importantly , he is also happy to set the precedent for random blood testing in order to ensure fair and safe contests for all fighters . " Pacquiao will defend his WBO welterweight title against Ghana 's Joshua Clottey in Dallas on March 13 before returning to politics as he seeks election in his local constituency .	Floyd Mayweather Junior confirms he will fight Shane Mosley in Las Vegas on May 1 Mayweather turns to Mosley after collapse of his clash with Manny Pacquiao Fight will take place under blood testing procedures that Pacquiao refused to accept Mosley agreed fight after unification bout with Andre Berto was scrapped last month
Osh , Kyrgyzstan  CNN  -- Life in this embattled country 's second-largest city appeared calm Tuesday even as concerns over the plight of refugees grew . The calm came as the Central Asian nation 's news agency AKI Press reported that the death toll had risen to 176 , a number that some observers discounted as low . A team of Red Cross doctors who visited Jalalabad 's main hospital estimated the death toll at "  several hundred . " The streets of the southern city of Osh appeared deserted , except for a few pedestrians and army checkpoints . Stores , warehouses and shops were burned along miles of streets , which were patrolled armed police and soldiers . Near the airport , the most dangerous part of town , no one could be seen on the streets , which were quiet except for the sounds of sporadic gunfire . In Jalalabad , about an hour away , journalist Dalton Bennett accompanied Kyrgyz military through the streets Tuesday evening and told CNN that the military appeared to have imposed total control in the downtown area . Explainer : Kyrgyzstan 's ethnic unrest But , in the outskirts of town , sporadic gunfire and impromptu "  checkpoints " continued , he said . About two-thirds of the downtown area had been looted and/or burned , with Uzbek-owned buildings appearing to have been the primary targets , he said . Buildings marked "  Kyrgyz " appeared undamaged , he said . In recent days , more than 100,000 ethnic Uzbeks have fled the clashes with ethnic Kyrgyz , streaming into camps in neighboring Uzbekistan , according to Uzbekistan 's Foreign Ministry . Thousands more have been denied passage into Uzbekistan because of a lack of resources . Many were standing on the Kyrgyz side of a barbed-wire fence . Three border crossings between Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan were open , Uzbekistan 's Foreign Ministry said . One , at Yor Kishlok , Uzbekistan , remained closed . The closure came after throngs of people fleeing the violence overwhelmed refugee camps in Uzbekistan . Working together , the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent Society of Kyrgyzstan have helped 16 medical facilities caring for more than 1,130 injured people in the past week , the ICRC said in a statement . Police said 15 officers have been killed . The United States and Germany have evacuated 89 people -- including 31 Americans and 40 Europeans -- from Osh , the German Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . They were taken to the capital , Bishkek , in the north . The United States is providing humanitarian assistance to the impoverished country and evaluating what further help may be needed , including military , a senior U.S. health official said in Washington . "  Right now our focus is humanitarian but it remains to be seen exactly what , if any , security assistance Kyrgystan needs , " said the official , who spoke on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue . The official said the United States is not considering acting alone to provide any security assistance . The U.S. military said the interim Kyrgyz government has presented an official request for aid from the U.S. government beyond the $ 800,000 in humanitarian assistance already provided . U.S. officials were working with the provisional government to determine how best to distribute another $ 200,000 in medical and emergency supplies . The clashes are part of the most serious outbreak of ethnic violence in the former Soviet republic since 1990 , when hundreds of people died in skirmishes between Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Osh . It was not clear what sparked the violence , which came weeks after bloody protests removed Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiev from office . But it was clear that Tuesday 's calm did not indicate an end to the crisis . "  This is far from over , " said Anna Nelson , a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross , in a telephone call with CNN from Geneva , Switzerland . "  It 's still extremely volatile . The needs are still extremely great . " Those Uzbeks who are most vulnerable are those who have had to remain in Kyrgyzstan , many of whom include orphans and the elderly , she said . For some , the situation is dire . "  Orphanages are running out of food , " she said . Mosques and hospitals in Jalalabad are receiving large numbers of burn victims and people with gunshot wounds , she said . On Uzbekistan 's side of the border , refugees were seeking shelter in parking lots and abandoned buildings , the ICRC said . As demand for water outpaced supply , some refugees were drinking from irrigation ditches , raising concern about outbreaks of diarrhea . Some analysts have said the clashes stem from resentment from minority Uzbeks that they have been under-represented in government positions and fears from ethnic Kyrgyz that Uzbeks in the country will help Uzbekistan invade Kyrgyzstan . Refugees were seeking help at bleak camps on the Kyrgyz border with Uzbekistan . "  People are screaming , ` We need food ; we need food , ' to those who are passing by , " EU Commissioner Kristalina Georgieva said . But in the refugee camp in Yor Kishlock , there were ample supplies of food , tents , beds , sheets and blankets . The vast majority of the camp 's occupants were female . They said the males had largely stayed behind to look after their homes . The United Nations said it was sending an emergency team to Uzbekistan to aid refugees who had crossed the border . U.N. Security Council President Claude Heller said the group condemns the "  continued acts of violence in the Kyrgyz Republic and notes the need to support the delivery of humanitarian assistance . " He said the council was assessing the situation in Kyrgyzstan and called for "  calm and a return to the rule of law " in the country . In Osh , that calm did come Tuesday . But some wondered how long it would last . "  A pause before the unknown , and it 's not clear if dark or light is ahead , " said relief worker Will Lynch said . CNN 's Matthew Chance , Brian Walker , Jill Dougherty and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll at 176 , Kyrgyz news agency reports ; Red Cross estimate is higher NEW : Concern grows over plight of ethnic Uzbeks who have fled the unrest NEW : "  This is far from over , " Red Cross says
CNN  -- A school security chief gave an emotional account Thursday of his shootout with a Florida man who held school board members hostage before opening fire . Mikes Jones with Bay District Schools in Panama City told HLN "  Prime News " he was afraid the system 's superintendent was dead after Clay Duke , 56 , pointed a handgun at the leader and opened fire Tuesday afternoon . Everything around me was just silent . It was in slow motion , " said Jones , a former school board member and a retired Panama City police officer . Superintendent Bill Husfelt then raised his head above the counter after the shooting incident , in which at least 15 shots were fired . "  I could n't believe he was alive , " Jones told HLN . After a day spending time with his pastor and family , Jones talked with the media about the gun battle that took place during a routine school board meeting . "  When he fired the first shot , I had no recourse . It was a gun battle , " Mike Jones told reporters about his encounter with Duke . "  I 'm not a hero . I had just done my job . " Jones , who is known as the affable "  Salvage Santa " for his charity work , said his "  heart goes out " to the family of Duke , who his wife described as having bipolar disorder . "  I just want to get right with God about this and right with my church about what had happened , " said Jones . Duke 's widow , Rebecca Crowder-Duke , apologized for her husband 's actions and said she understood that Jones was doing what he was "  trained to do . " Jones was n't supposed to be at the routine meeting , but swung by in case there were questions about a remodeling matter related to his job . "  I was n't in the building five minutes that I got into the gunfight . " He said he got a call about the dramatic confrontation and went downstairs . Inside , Duke had approached the front of the room , spray-painted a red "  V " with a circle around it on the wall and brandished a handgun . He ordered the room cleared of everyone but six men and got into a discourse with board members and Husfelt about several issues , including the termination of Duke 's wife . Jones did a "  peeka-boo " look into the room , hoping Duke would come out . The officer , who recently received rapid response training , went to his vehicle to get a protective vest and more ammunition and returned . "  I was peeking through the crack of the door and when I saw his back and he was squared up with both hands I knew that the fight was fixing to happen , " said Jones . But the officer said he could not get a clear line of fire on Duke . A chilling video of the meeting , from a live internet feed provided by CNN affiliates WJHG and WMBB , shows Husfelt attempting to reason with Duke . Husfelt pleaded with Duke to allow the other members to leave the room . "  Will you let them go ? You 're obviously upset at me , so why are they here ? " he asked on the video . At one point , Husfelt told Duke , "  I do n't want anybody to get hurt . I 've got a feeling that 's what you want , is you want the cops to come in and kill you because you are mad , because you said you are going to die . But why ? This is n't worth it . " Duke then pointed the pistol at Husfelt , who said , "  Please do n't . Please do n't . Please . " But Duke pulled the trigger as Husfelt and the others hit the floor . The gunman fired several times , missing everyone . Crowder-Duke told WJHG on Wednesday that her husband , who she described as having bipolar disorder and unable to get work recently because of his prior criminal record , intentionally fired over the people and did not intend to harm them . "  If he really wanted to shoot anybody , they  would have  already been dead , " said Crowder-Duke , who police say was terminated as a teacher this year . She said she had received praise from her principal . Jones said he believed the superintendent had been shot . He opened the door with one hand and opened fire with the other , wounding Duke three times in a gunfire exchange . The suspect fell to the floor and fatally shot himself in the head , police said . WJHG reported that Jones was taken to a hospital with chest pains after the incident . The officer said he first struck Duke in the back and was worried he might go to jail . "  There 's just so many things that go through your mind . It was instinct and training . " Jones told reporters he feels Husfelt deserved the accolades for asking Duke to let the other school board members go . "  Mike and his timing saved our lives , " Husfelt said . But it was evident at Thursday 's press conference the incident took a toll on Jones . "  The first thing that came to mind  was  what is this community going to think of me ? " he said . "  I 'm known as Salvage Santa , this nice guy . Now I 've taken somebody 's life . " Crowder-Duke said she has no animosity toward Jones . "  I do n't fault you for  the shooting  . I know you were just doing what you were trained to do , and I 'm sorry that God had to choose you to do that because you are a very kind , sweet , generous man , " Crowder-Duke told WJHG . Husfelt said the district would re-evaluate security in the wake of the incident but said he doubted security would have made a difference . "  We could have had this place like Fort Knox . ... There was nothing we could have done to stop him . " For 27 years , Jones has restored bicycles , raised money and collected toys to be given away to needy children , according to the Panama City News Herald . The officer said he would be at a local store Thursday night to further the effort .	Security chief said he was afraid gunman killed superintendent Gunman 's wife : Mike Jones did what he was "  trained to do " School security officer recounts gun battle at a school board meeting Jones is known as "  Salvage Santa " for his charitable work
CNN  -- If you donated to a fund-raising campaign for the family of Cooper Harris , the suburban Atlanta toddler who died after being left in a hot car , you may soon be getting a refund . YouCaring.com , the site where the fundraising effort was hosted , has taken the campaign down , and a spokesman for one of the two payment processing firms used in the effort , PayPal , said Friday that it will refund all of the contributions it handled . The second firm , WePay.com , did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment on its plans for donations it collected . Car bakes in Georgia sun for investigation into toddler 's death As of July 2 , the effort had raised $ 22,677 of the $ 25,000 goal set by organizer Heather McCullar , according to a snapshot of the page maintained by Google . The page is no longer available on the YouCaring.com website . "  The campaign was recently removed from the site so that the controversy and debate surrounding the Harris matter did not become a distraction to the millions of other donors participating in a wide variety of active fundraisers currently taking place in our community , " the company said in a statement . It was not immediately known how much each service had collected , or if any of the money had reached the Harris family . On June 21 , Alabama Credit Union posted a note to its Facebook page saying donations were being funneled to an account there "  owned by Ms. Harris to use purely at her own discretion -- but she clearly understands the intent of those donating to the fund . " What 's next in the case ? The campaign was established after Cooper 's father , Justin Ross Harris , was charged with murder and child cruelty in the June 18 death of his 22-month-old son . But it was posted before revelations that he had searched for information about hot-car deaths or bombshell allegations in a probable cause hearing last week that he had visited a website dedicated to a child-free lifestyle . A detective also said Harris was exchanging sexually explicit text messages with various women while his son was locked inside the sweltering car , painting a much different portrait of Harris than the dedicated and doting family man described by friends and family . Father apparently wrote ` I 'm harmless ' on social media profile Harris has pleaded not guilty . In the preliminary hearing last week , Harris ' attorney -- H. Maddox Kilgore -- said his client had tragically forgotten his child was in the car . On Friday a second Georgia law enforcement agency said it is now inquiring about Justin Ross Harris ' activities . Woodstock Police Department has contacted Cobb County Police Department , "  in regards to any alleged criminal activity within our jurisdiction , " Public Information Officer Brittany Duncan said . During the probable cause hearing , a detective with the Cobb County Police Department alleged Harris met one of the women with whom he exchanged explicit messages at Olde Rope Mill Park , in Woodstock . "  We have reached out to Cobb County and will coordinate with them on anything actionable , " Duncan said . But at this point Woodstock Police say they do n't have an active investigation . During the probable cause hearing , July 3 , Cobb County Police Sgt. Phil Stoddard testified that the department 's preliminary investigation had revealed Harris had committed the computer-based crime of sexual exploitation of a minor . When asked if Harris had also committed two misdemeanor violations of illegal contact with a minor , sexually -- Stoddard agreed he had . Calls to Harris ' attorney , Maddox Kilgore , were not immediately returned . Who is Justin Ross Harris ? CNN 's Victor Blackwell and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	PayPal says it will refund donations to fundraising site for Cooper Harris ' family Another payment processor , WePay , has not yet said what it will do It 's unclear if any of the approximately $ 22,000 raised reached the family Cooper 's father , Justin Ross Harris , is charged with murder in his death
CNN  -- The first bodies to be recovered from the crash of Air France 447 arrived at a Brazilian Air Force base in Recife , Brazil , Wednesday , the air force announced . Brazilian pilots and a medical team bring one of the first bodies ashore at Fernando de Noronha island . The 16 bodies were taken to the Legal Medical Institute in Recife for identification , the statement said . Police will perform DNA tests at their lab in the capital , Brasilia , if necessary , they said . Another 25 bodies have been found and will go through the same procedure starting Thursday , the air force said . Official identification of the bodies will be made only by the Legal Medicine Institute , even if any of the bodies could have been identified while on Fernando de Noronha , the islands where they were first brought after being recovered . A French nuclear submarine joined the hunt Wednesday for the flight data recorders and other wreckage from Air France Flight 447 as Brazilian air force and navy crews continued to pull bodies from the Atlantic . Bad weather and poor visibility are expected in the search area , Brazilian Air Force spokesmen said . France is leading the investigation into what caused last week 's accident when the Paris-bound flight from Rio de Janeiro plunged into the sea off the Brazilian coast with 228 passengers and crew on board . The French nuclear submarine Emeraude began patrolling the area Wednesday morning , the French defense ministry said . Around 400 French military personnel are involved in the salvage effort . France has also sent two tugs towing 40 tons of recovery equipment , a surveillance ship and a ship equipped for amphibious operations . Fourteen aircraft -- 12 Brazilian and two French -- are participating , along with five Brazilian ships . The U.S. Navy will contribute two high-tech acoustic devices to listen underwater for the emergency beacons that are attached to the voice and data recorders . The "  towed pinger locators , " which help search for emergency beacons on downed aircraft to a maximum depth of 6,000 meters  20,000 feet  -- will be placed aboard the French tugs . Watch challenges faced by search crews " Brazilian officials emphasized earlier this week that finding bodies was their main priority . The French are in charge of finding the voice and data recorders . The 16 bodies retrieved Tuesday from the Atlantic were taken to the island of Fernando de Noronha for transport by helicopter to Recife . The 25 bodies previously found were put aboard a Brazilian frigate . Watch bodies being returned to land " The first bodies were recovered about 320 kilometers  200 miles  northwest of the Brazilian archipelago of Saint Peter and Saint Paul ; Tuesday 's recoveries were 80 kilometers  50 miles  away . See photos of bodies arriving at Fernando de Noronha " It was not clear whether the bodies had drifted in the 1-2 knot currents or whether their separation suggested that the jet may have broken apart in the air . The location of the crash has not been determined , because ocean currents have moved the bodies and debris . The search area covers 200,000 square km  77,220 square miles  , Brazilian officials said . Map of Flight 447 's flight path " The ocean depth where the debris and bodies have been found varies , but averages about 3,000 meters  nearly 9,900 feet  deep , according to the University of New Hampshire/National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association Joint Hydrographic Center . Brazilian officials said the plane debris will be taken to France for investigation but the bodies would undergo forensic tests in Recife . The cause of the crash is still not known , but investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors known as Pitot tubes , among other factors . Did plane 's tail fin snap off ? " Air France has agreed to replace the sensors on its Airbus A330 and A340 jets , a pilots ' union said Tuesday . The airline said Saturday that it began replacing its fleet 's sensors last month . Another Air France pilots ' union , ALTER , has advised its pilots not to fly planes until their Pitot tubes are replaced . ALTER , the smallest of three Air France pilots ' unions , would not say what percentage of the carrier 's pilots it represents . The biggest union , SNPL , said Tuesday it has accepted Air France 's assurances that no Airbus A330 or A340 will take off unless at least two of its three Pitot tubes have been replaced . Union spokesman Eric Derivry added that there is no indication that the Pitot tubes caused the accident . Air France said over the weekend that it began to notice in May of last year that Pitot tubes sometimes briefly iced up at high altitude on A330s and A340s . That caused "  a loss of airspeed data , " according to the airline -- that is , the pilots did n't know the plane 's speed . Air France decided to replace all its probes starting April 27 , following laboratory tests earlier in the year , the airline said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Ayesha Durgahee , Niki Cook , Jim Bittermann and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	16 bodies retrieved from crashed airliner arrive in mainland Brazil Bodies taken to police laboratory in Brasilia for DNA testing French nuclear submarine joins hunt for wreckage from Air France Flight 447 Location , cause of crash off Brazilian coast have not been determined
CNN  -- We know that Shakira 's hips do n't lie , but do they corrupt ? That 's the argument of one politician in her native Colombia who wants to ban the superstar 's latest music video for its "  immoral and vulgar " content . The offending video is for Shakira 's new single "  Ca n't Remember To Forget You , " a racy production that features Rihanna . Shakira does her trademark hip-shaking and gyrating in the video , but also shares scenes in bed with Rihanna and smoking cigars . Bogota Councilman Marco Fidel Ramirez said the video should be banned from Colombian airwaves because the smoking and the touching in bed violate a law that prohibits broadcast material that damages the "  moral integrity " of children . "  I found a video that evidently contains images that in my opinion are not useful for the emotional growth and development of youths , " Ramirez told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Wednesday . The councilman wrote a letter to Shakira , appealing to her role as a mother and asking her to remove the video from the Internet and to consider retracting the song altogether . "  I feel it promotes immorality , " he told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . Ramirez took his campaign to social media , distributing a flier on Facebook and Twitter that warns that the video promotes smoking and lesbianism .  In his letter to the singer , Ramirez explains that he believes that a "  normal " family is comprised of a man and a woman and children  . His comments were met with critics who accused him of censorship , but others supported his stance , saying the video goes too far . "  I think the message that Shakira is sending to the youth and children around the world is a message that sells a lifestyle and promotes a particular orientation , that in my opinion , does not reflect the views of most Colombians , " Ramirez said . In Colombia , Shakira is more than a music star . She is an important advocate and philanthropist who has a foundation to help impoverished children in Colombia and has been a UNICEF goodwill ambassador . Ramirez calls himself a fan of Shakira , and argues that precisely because of her talent and fame , she does n't need sex to sell her albums . She has a social responsibility , Ramirez said , to not repeat stereotypes of women in music . Asked if he would back the ban of dozens of other artists who depict sex , smoking or drinking in their music or videos , Ramirez said Shakira 's case is different because so many children look up to her . Shakira has not responded to CNN requests for response to the politician 's claims .	Shakira 's new music video featuring Rihanna is racy Too racy for children in Colombia , a politician there says Marco Fidel Ramirez wants the singer to pull the video He has found detractors and some supporters online
CNN  -- The World Bank cut China 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Wednesday , down a full percentage point from November 's projection . Workers assemble toys on a production line at a factory in Shantou , in China 's Guangdong province . Despite the downgrade , "  China is a relative bright spot in an otherwise gloomy global economy , " said the World Bank 's David Dollar . Last week , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao reiterated projections that the nation 's economy will grow by 8 percent in 2009 , despite doubts expressed by domestic and international economic analysts . Some have forecast growth as low as 5 percent . "  I will admit it will be a difficult job -LSB- to reach 8 percent -RSB- . This being said , I also believe with considerable efforts it 's possible for us to obtain this goal , " Wen said at a news conference following the annual session of the country 's rubber-stamp legislature . China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November as other major economies have struggled . In February , Chinese exports plunged 25.7 percent compared with the previous year 's , Beijing reported last week . Even with the slowdown , China 's economy -- the third largest in the world -- has gone from white-hot to merely robust . In 2007 , China 's gross domestic product grew at 13 percent . The two largest economies -- the United States and Japan -- are in recession . "  So a lot of things will go down in 2009 globally , " Dollar said . "  But we see China 's contribution as being very positive in keeping many markets from going down as far as they would otherwise . " The World Bank expects China 's economy to outgrow most others in 2009 . In November , China announced plans to inject $ 586 billion  4 trillion yuan  into its economy to offset declines in industrial and export growth . That economic stimulus plan included the loosening of credit restrictions , tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending .	World Bank cuts China 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Reduction is down a full percentage point from November 's projection Last week , Chinese Premier projected nation 's economy would grow by 8 % in 2009 China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November
Rolling Stone  -- Against Me ! singer Laura Jane Grace says that coming out as transgender in a recent issue of Rolling Stone "  completely ended my relationship with my father . " In a new interview with MTV News , Grace is asked about her father 's response to the article and says , "  He tried calling , I tried calling him back , but then he would n't call me back . I wrote him a really long email , and I apologized and told him the way he was portrayed in the Rolling Stone article was a little harsh . I apologized for that , I apologized for not telling him in person before â $ " that I felt like a total coward for that . I explained about gender dysphoria ; I told him if he had any questions , there were books I could point him in the direction of reading . He wrote me back maybe a two or three sentence-long email that just said , ` There was something very lacking in your presentation . For now the door is open , but we 'll see . ' And that 's it . " Grace also speaks openly about her progress in transitioning from male to female and undergoing hormone replacement therapy . "  I 'm one day from being one month into HRT . The mental effects have been immediately like night and day ; it made a world of difference in my life . I find that in a lot of situations in the past where I would have gotten frustrated or angry , I am a lot more calm and centered . I just feel at ease and like myself . Physically , I feel impatient . " MTV also interviewed Grace 's Against Me ! bandmates , who discuss how her coming out has changed the day-to-day dynamic of the band . "  I think -LSB- the band -RSB- has been happier and everyone is getting along famously , " says bassist Andrew Seward . "  It 's a very nice , positive , family vibe on the bus and at the shows . " Read the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Against Me ! singer Laura Jane Grace says coming ended her relationship with her father Grace came out as a transgender in a recent issue of Rolling Stone Bassist Andrew Seward said the band has been happier since Grace 's coming out
CNN  -- I thought she was over . Madonna , that is . I thought she was too old to be referring to herself as a "  girl . " I thought pop music passed her by . I thought Lady Gaga had killed her . And then I look at this week 's Billboard chart and I see I thought wrong . Her 12th CD , "  MDNA " debuted No. 1 on the album chart and she has two singles on the dance-chart Top 10 . She 's 53 and the clubs are banging her new stuff , including "  Give Me All Your Luvin , " which became her 38th top 10 hit on the pop chart . For those of you keeping score , that 's more than Elvis , more than The Beatles . I 'm not saying she 's better , but clearly she 's done -- correction -- doing more . This year she won another Golden Globe and her halftime performance at the Super Bowl drew more viewers than the game itself , according to Nielsen . I know the perception is that only gay men care about Madonna , but if that were true , given the 114 million viewers who tuned in to watch her at halftime , maybe "  do n't ask , do n't tell " should have been called "  just assume . " The reality is it 's hard for pop music to leave behind someone who keeps leading the pack . Madonna had the highest grossing tour ever for a solo artist  2008  and has sold more than 300 million records worldwide . She 's an '80s child whose 2005 single "  Hung Up " holds the Guinness Book record for topping the charts in 41 countries , while 2012 's MDNA was No. 1 on iTunes in 40 countries . That 's not "  over , " that 's now . When you look at where Madonna 's career is today in the same week we learned Whitney Houston drowned in a foot of water , you 're reminded that God truly does work in mysterious ways . The two pop icons released debut albums within two years of each other , Madonna in 1983 and Houston in 1985 . Of course , Houston was the former model with a voice for the ages , while Madonna was the thin-voiced tart rolling around on the floor of the MTV music awards in a wedding dress proclaiming that she felt like a virgin . If anyone might have been expected to meet a desperate , tragic end , back then the safe money would have been on Madonna . And yet Houston 's gone , Michael Jackson 's gone , Prince is semi-retired and everyone else , with the exception of U2 , is making their money off nostalgia . Meanwhile , Madonna has methodically become , arguably , the greatest recording artist of all time . Who would 've thunk it ? As for the music , her latest CD is not breaking any new ground , but it does remind everyone who owns the ground Gaga , Rihanna , Beyonce and others are walking on . In fact , each time they receive a royalty check , they should be sending Madonna a cut . While MDNA is about three songs too long for my taste , I will tell you the first five songs make it very difficult not to want to dance , and that the track "  Gang Bang " is pure genius . As you could probably figure out from the title , it 's not radio friendly , but likely not because of what you may think . And that , in a nutshell , is why Madonna is who she is . You can tell you 're watching a Woody Allen film with the first five minutes of dialogue . You can identify the beautiful prose of Toni Morrison within a couple of pages . But my 15-year-old came home one day and asked who I was listening to . I told him Madonna and my son , who loves techno and hip hop , thought I was joking . "  Seriously ... like your Madonna ? " he asked . "  Yep , " I said . "  Well , she 's still old but that song 's not . " The song was "  Gang Bang " and I 'm glad he left the room before she started singing . As I said , it 's not radio friendly . But then again , it would n't be Madonna if a song like that was . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says Madonna topping Billboard chart with new album ; she 's so not over He says it 's hard to dismiss singer who , by most measures , still leads the pack at 53 He says fate of Houston puts success of Madonna , a "  bad girl , " in perspective LZ : Artists from Lady Gaga to Beyonce are walking on ground Madonna broke
CNN  -- Multiple Obama administration officials tell CNN that the White House is not pushing to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill this year . A fence separates the United States from Mexico in the U.S. Border Patrol 's Yuma Sector in San Luis , Arizona . While it 's a top priority for the president 's first term , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro says "  the president has consistently said that he wants to start the discussion later this year because our immigration system is broken ... but the economy comes first . " The White House insisted that Thursday 's New York Times story reporting that President Obama would start addressing immigration "  is n't news . " Administration officials say the president previously told members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce that he 's always planned to start discussions on immigration reform this year . "  There are a lot of things on his plate and a lot of pressing issues relating to the economy . I do n't think he expects that it will be done this year , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday . But the mood on Capitol Hill could be different . Jim Manley , senior communications adviser for Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , tells CNN that the majority leader "  intends to try to take comprehensive immigration reform to the floor later this year , probably in the fall . " The situation in the House is trickier . A vote on the hot-button issue could hurt freshman Democrats who were elected in swing districts . But House Democrats were presented with compelling evidence that voters want to see them trying to fix the immigration system . During the House Democrats ' February retreat , Pete Brodnitz , who works for the same firm that does polling for the president , argued that Democratic House members should promote their own immigration reform plans . "  The downturn in the economy has not weakened the case for comprehensive reform and has the potential to strengthen the case for it , " Brodnitz said . He added that Democrats must take a lead because "  the problem wo n't go away as long as the GOP continues to raise it " and that since Democrats run Congress and the White House , that "  makes us increasingly accountable for results . " There are roughly 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States . In addition to making a way for some of them to stay in the country legally , CNN has learned the Obama administration wants to remove incentives to enter the U.S. illegally , beef up border security and work with Mexico to cut down on illegal immigration . Watch how the immigration fight is shaping up " Obama will rely on a bipartisan , diverse group of experts to help build the framework for legislation , two senior administration officials said Thursday . The White House is expected to start work on the issue as early as May , the officials said . Meanwhile , the administration is dismissing suggestions that taking on immigration this year will put pressure on Obama 's already ambitious domestic agenda . Even before the debate begins , Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , is throwing the first punch , saying : "  President Obama 's amnesty plan is a dangerous path for our nation that will sacrifice the rule of law . " As a senator , Obama supported immigration legislation backed by President Bush , which would have increased funding and improved border security technology , improved enforcement of existing laws , and provided a legal path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants . He also voted to authorize construction of a 700-mile fence along the U.S.-Mexican border . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said Thursday that Congress was willing to work with Obama on comprehensive immigration reform . "  We must solve the immigration issue , and we can , even in these difficult economic times . I believe there is a real chance of passing comprehensive reform this year , and the Senate panel on immigration will begin a series of meetings and hearings later this month with an eye towards meeting that goal , " said Schumer , the chairman of the Senate subcommittee on immigration . But is the political climate right for immigration reform to be brought up , given the struggling economy ? Marisa Trevino , who runs the blog LatinaLista.net , said there 's simply "  never going to be a good time " for immigration reform . Trevino argues that immigration is tied to economic growth , and therefore timely . "  It 's not going to be popular with some people , but I think this actually is a good time to bring it up because immigration is tied so closely with our economy , and what drives economic growth is economic development . " It 's a point that one longtime immigration attorney agrees with . "  The immigration lawyers community really believes that it 's long overdue . ... There are actually many economic studies and reports that confirm that there 's a stimulus benefit to immigration reform , " said Laura Danielson , who is the chairwoman of the immigration department at the firm of Fredrikson & Byron . "  There 's a lot to be said for the fact that immigrants stimulate our economic growth , particularly those already living here , who are hiding in the shadows , -LSB- undocumented workers -RSB- who would be able to buy homes and come out in the open and work more effectively by perhaps starting businesses , " she added . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Obama does not expect immigration reform to come this year , press secretary says Administration will start looking into possible solutions soon , officials say Administration dismisses idea that the move will put pressure on Obama 's agenda
Eileen Brennan , who earned an Oscar nomination for her hilarious turn as the exasperated drill captain in 1980 's "  Private Benjamin , " has died , CNN has confirmed . She was 80 . Brennan died Sunday at her Burbank , California , home after a battle with bladder cancer , her management company said . "  Our family is so grateful for the outpouring of love and respect for Eileen , " her family said in a statement . "  She was funny and caring and truly one of a kind . Her strength and love will never be forgotten . She will be greatly missed by all of us . " Brennan was known for character roles as sassy , brassy women , the kind with a sandpaper surface but a light , pure heart . She played a waitress in "  The Last Picture Show "  1971  , the companion of Paul Newman 's conman in "  The Sting "  1973  , a wisecracking maid in "  At Long Last Love "  1975  and Mrs. Peacock in "  Clue "  1985  . She also did a great deal of television , including a reprise of her "  Private Benjamin " role in the TV series of the same name . Other TV appearances included guest shots on "  Taxi , " "  thirtysomething , " "  ER , " "  Murder , She Wrote , " "  Mad About You , " "  Touched by an Angel " and six episodes of "  Will & Grace . " The latter earned her an Emmy nomination , one of seven she earned in her career -- including one that resulted in a win , a supporting actress-comedy pick for "  Private Benjamin . " Verla Eileen Regina Brennan was born in Los Angeles in 1932 , the daughter of a doctor and a silent-film actress . After several small stage roles , she finally earned notice for her 1959 off-Broadway turn as "  Little Mary Sunshine , " for which she won an Obie . Five years later , she gained fame for her performance as Irene Molloy , one of the woman who falls victim to Dolly Levi 's matchmaking skills , in the 1960s hit musical "  Hello , Dolly ! " In 1982 , Brennan was involved in a horrific accident , struck by a car as she exited a restaurant with "  Benjamin " co-star Goldie Hawn . She suffered broken bones in her face , an eyeball pulled from its socket and two broken legs . Even after recovering physically -- a process that took years -- she suffered from an addiction to painkillers and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in 1984 . "  It was my only hope , " Brennan told People magazine in 1985 . "  I had reached the stage where I was taking anything I could get my hands on . " Typical of her upbeat attitude , however , she told the magazine she took pride in her recovery . "  Everyone hits bottom their own way , " she said . "  Mine came through my accident , which led to my pill addiction , which led to my birth . I say birth rather than rebirth because I feel born new . I re-established a spiritual connection that is lost when you are taking any kind of drug . Strangely enough I would n't have missed my accident . It just knocks me out to say that , but I mean it . " Brennan also survived a bout with breast cancer in 1990 . Brennan was married to David John Lampson from 1968 to 1974 . She is survived by two sons , Patrick Brennan and Sam Lampson . People we 've lost in 2013	Eileen Brennan , who earned an Oscar nod for "  Private Benjamin , " is dead at 80 Brennan was known as brassy character actress She appeared in "  The Sting , " "  Clue " and many TV series
CNN  -- This year 's roster of awards show nominees are more diverse than has probably ever before been seen in Hollywood . Films featuring mostly African-American casts such as "  12 Years a Slave , " "  Fruitvale Station , " "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " and "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " have seen both their projects and their actors rack up plenty of critical praise and some nominations . But does diversity really count if a film or its stars are passed over for the win ? During Sunday night 's Golden Globes "  12 Years a Slave " was nominated for seven awards , but snagged only one , though it was the biggest of the night : best motion picture , drama . "  Losing again , and again , and again , and again , and again , and again was crushing for the '12 Years a Slave ' crew , " Entertainment Weekly noted of the scene at the awards show . "  By the time the final award was presented -- Best Drama -- many at the Fox event were only half paying attention . They had passed the other stages of grief and settled on ` acceptance . ' " Being passed over for wins can happen to any movie , but when it happens to a critically acclaimed film about slavery with a mostly black cast , the issue of race ca n't help but become a part of the conversation . Especially when the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which runs the Globes , and the Academy Awards voting body also gave no nods to "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " and "  Fruitvale Station , " both of which were popular with critics . "  Oprah  Winfrey , who was heralded for her performance in ` The Butler '  was such a sure thing for Gold Derby 's Experts that she came in first place for a nomination as far back as September 1 ... , " wrote site Gold Derby , which handicaps the award races . Undoubtedly , there would be some snubs with such a strong year for films in Hollywood . But even beyond those nominated there is the issue of the importance of actually scoring a trophy . Jeff Friday is founder and chief executive officer of Film Life , Inc. , which sponsors the annual American Black Film Festival  ABFF  . He said that while this season has turned out to be "  a phenomenal year as it relates to diversity in cinema , " that does n't ensure those films will be noted . "  This is what I would call a banner year for black cinema , " Friday said . "  But what is a banner year in the theaters does not always translate to that same level of accolade as it relates to awards season . I was pleased to see the number and breadth of nominees , but was not at all surprised to see that the black films did n't win  at the Golden Globes  . " This is an era when USA Today can cause an uproar by referring , as they did in a headline , to the mostly black cast film "  The Best Man Holiday " as "  race-themed " and where "  Saturday Night Live " held special casting for black actresses after complaints that the show lacked diversity . Oscar nominations will be announced on Thursday and the Los Angeles Times reports that "  despite recent efforts by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to expand and diversify its ranks , the overall group of 6,028 Academy Award voters remains much more white than the diverse group of filmmakers likely to be shortlisted for the best work in 2013 's movies . " Special coverage : Awards season 2014 "  Even with the 432 new voting members , the overall academy is still 93 % white , a decrease of less than 1 % from what The Times found in a 2012 membership study , and 76 % male , also a less than 1 % decrease from what The Times found two years ago , " said a story from the Times published in December with the headline "  Diversity efforts slow to change the face of Oscar voters . " Film Independent is an organization that helps filmmakers make films and recognizes their work with the Film Independent Spirit Awards . The organization 's president , Josh Welsh , said the importance of diversity can not be overstated . "  A healthy thriving film culture is one that embodies diversity where multiple voices and people from different parts of the country , and different ethnic backgrounds , sexual orientation , age and income are represented , " he said . "  The more diverse the pool of filmmakers is , the richer the film culture is . " For that reason Film Independent actively works on increasing diversity behind the camera and has several programs including Project Involve , which seeks to cultivate talent from underrepresented communities . And while Welsh said it 's great to see more diversity in this year 's nominees , he believes it matters whether or not the awards are actually garnered . "  As a culture we have a long way to go , " he said . "  Diversity is a problem -- the access people have to making films , getting their story told and getting recognition . There 's a reason we keep diversity as a part of our mission because the work is not done . It 's fantastic that these films and filmmakers are getting nominated and what 's most important is that these films are getting into theaters and connecting with audiences . " NPR television critic Eric Deggans pointed out in a recent piece on its website that "  it is a landmark year in one sense : We are seeing more people of color nominated for major awards than we have in the past , " while also noting that black actors Chiwetel Ejiofor and Idris Elba were nominated in both film and TV categories at the Golden Globes . "  There are ... certain actors of color who 've been embraced by Hollywood , and maybe it 's time to spread that wealth around a little bit and get a wider range of actors involved in these big projects , " Deggans said . Friday is already looking ahead to 2014 with concern that there does n't appear to be as much diversity on tap in the big budget films as there was in 2013 . His hope , he said , is that more diverse independent films will catch the eye of big studios for distribution , as was the case with "  Fruitvale Station . " He is also not waiting for Hollywood recognition as his organization is set to launch the ABFF Hollywood Awards , an online platform where the public can vote on their favorite black films and performances . "  Hollywood is an industry about mass consumption and mass acceptance , but the people who pick the best are always a very small , monolithic group , so we do n't have a voice , " Friday said . "  We should be proud of being nominated , but let 's not have the illusion of inclusion . " Keep up to date with the Awards tracker	New : "  The Butler " and "  Fruitvale Station " overlooked by Oscars There is a great deal of diversity among nominees this year Critically-acclaimed "  12 Years a Slave " received only one Golden Globe Insider says there is still a long way to go
CNN  -- Dr. Maria Siemionow , head of plastic surgery at the famed Cleveland Clinic , led a surgical team that recently performed the first face transplant in the United States . Cleveland Clinic doctors spent 22 hours reconstructing a patient 's face . Siemionow and CNN chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta talked with CNN 's Larry King about the reconstructive procedure and the prognosis for the patient . The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Larry King : Dr. Siemionow , what caused the patient to need a new face ? Dr. Maria Siemionow : The patient has a severe deformity of the face after trauma and was missing a nose and missing cheekbones and a large part of the skin and the front of the face , upper lip , lower eyelids . There was a large part of the skin and bone components which were missing , and practically the patient was missing the front of the face . Watch a discussion of the transplant procedure " King : Did you have to find the perfect donor ? Siemionow : No . That 's not what were looking for . We were looking for a possibility of reconstructing this patient 's face in a way that it would replace the missing components and that we would be able , also , to give back this patient 's function , which is probably the most important idea behind this procedure . Interactive : Learn more about the procedure " King : So what was the transplant ? Siemionow : Well , the transplant was the transfer of the transplanted face , which included  a  large amount -- about 80 percent of the entire face of the patient . It included skin components , bone components , the entire nose , cheekbones , a palette and upper lip and also included the eyelids -- the lower eyelids . Watch Siemionow discuss the procedure " King : From another doctor 's standpoint , Dr. Gupta -- and I know that you 're not a plastic surgeon , but a brain surgeon -- what was the most amazing thing about this to you ? Sanjay Gupta : The face is one of the most complicated areas of the body . I mean , it 's responsible for your facial expression , your ability to eat , your ability to breathe , your ability to speak , obviously . Being able to take all those really , really functional areas that are made up of so many nerves , so many blood vessels -- not to mention the cosmetic aspects of it -- and making it all come together and work in some sort of functional form is pretty remarkable . King : Doctor , has the patient seen her new face ? Siemionow : No , the patient has not seen her face , but she touched her face , and she was very happy . She , for the first time a few days ago , just went with her fingers over her face . She felt that she has a nose . She was feeling her lip , and she was very happy . King : How long did it take  to do the surgery  ? Siemionow : It took 22 hours -- 22 hours of many team members of different subspecialties working together , from one afternoon one day into the late afternoon the second day . Gupta : It strikes me that you found the perfect recipient , someone who 's a good candidate for this operation . Four years , though , it took , Dr. Siemionow . Is that how rare this type of procedure will be ? Siemionow : Yes . Well , you know , we discussed it very extensively , that you want to be sure that in our approach we were looking only at potential candidates who would be a patient who had already exhausted all conventional means of reconstruction . I think it 's very important because you would like to be sure that the patient is not undergoing such a serious procedure without being helped in conventional means before . However , it is very difficult to reconstruct certain parts of the face , including , for example , lips or including eyelids . Even reconstruction of the entire nose is difficult . There are plastic surgeons who are doing wonderful reconstructive procedures , but they are also done in several attempts . This takes time and patients suffering and the results not always are presentable .	Doctor who performed first U.S. face transplant says patient recently felt new nose , lip Patient had 80 percent of her face reconstructed in 22-hour procedure It took medical team four years before finding perfect candidate for procedure
Washington  CNN  -- While the presidential election has topped the news much of the year , it has been pushed aside by Sandy as the storm crashed into the East Coast . Both President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , their running mates , and backers have pretty much curtailed campaigning , some fundraising and advertising as they wait to see the severity of damage from the storm . Sandy overshadows candidates on Facebook Here are five things to watch for in the storm and its aftermath : 1 . Playing the commander-in-chief card President Barack Obama canceled his appearance at a campaign event in Florida on Monday to return to Washington to monitor the federal government 's preparation and emergency response for the hurricane . Soon after his arrival back at the White House , the president spoke to reporters in the briefing room . Asked how the storm would impact next week 's election , Obama said , "  I am not worried , at this point about the impact on the election . I 'm worried about the impact on families and I 'm worried about the impact on our first responders . I 'm worried about the impact on our economy and on transportation . The election will take care of itself next week . " Looking presidential : The optics of leadership during a disaster Before leaving for the abbreviated campaign visit to Florida a day earlier , Obama stopped by the Federal Emergency Management Agency for an update on preparations for the coming storm and told reporters that , "  it 's so important for us to respond big and respond fast as local information starts coming in . " Call it the power of incumbency . "  The beauty of being a president and a candidate is that when a monster storm stalks up the East Coast , you can run over to the Federal Emergency Management Agency and be seen as a president on the job , which also works if you are re-applying , " said CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley , host of CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Crowley : Sandy introduces big unknown into campaign But there can also be a downside for the president : If the federal government 's response to storm damage is deemed slow and inefficient  remember Hurricane Katrina ?  , Obama may pay a political price just days before the election . Zelizer : How Sandy will test Obama , Romney President George W. Bush 's approval rating never recovered from Katrina , and that was a contributing factor in his party 's defeat at the polls 15 months later in the 2006 mid-term elections . 2 . Romney low profile , but for how long ? About three hours after the president canceled his appearance at a campaign rally in Florida and hopped on Air Force One to Washington , the Romney campaign announced that the Republican nominee would cancel his event Monday night in Wisconsin . The campaign also announced that Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , would cancel events Monday in Melbourne and Lakeland , Florida , and both candidates ' events for Tuesday were also being scrapped . "  Out of sensitivity for the millions of Americans in the path of Hurricane Sandy , we are canceling tonight 's events with Governor Romney in Wisconsin and Congressman Ryan in Melbourne and Lakeland , Florida , " Romney Communications Director Gail Gitcho said in a statement to reporters just before noon ET on Monday . And on the campaign trail Sunday and Monday before he suspended campaigning , Romney continuously mentioned those in harm 's way of Sandy . "  On the eastern coast of our nation , a lot of people are enduring some very difficult times , and our hearts and our prayers go to them as we think about how tough it 's going to be there , " Romney said at a rally in Avon Lake , Ohio . "  So I 'd like to ask you who are here today to think about making a contribution to the Red Cross or to another relief agency , to be of help if you possibly can in any way you can imagine to help those who 're in harm 's way . " The optics are easy to understand . Campaigning does not look good while millions of East Coast residents are getting pounded by what may end up being a very devastating storm . "  Just the forecast of a potential disaster can make politics look small , " Crowley added . Both campaigns stopped sending fundraising emails to supporters in the states affected by the storm , and the Romney campaign announced that in North Carolina , New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Virginia , it was collecting supplies at its campaign offices to help local storm relief efforts . In Virginia , the campaign was loading storm-relief supplies onto the Romney bus to be delivered . Romney campaign aids Sandy relief effort While he ca n't compete with a sitting president leading the federal government 's storm response , Romney did reschedule a campaign rally in Dayton , Ohio Tuesday and is transforming it into a disaster relief event . 3 . Knocking the final campaign ad assault off the air It 's as simple as this : If the storm knocks out your power , you ca n't watch TV . Both campaigns are planning to spend tens of millions of dollars on a final assault of campaign commercials . But Sandy could knock those plans off the air in such battleground states as Virginia , New Hampshire , North Carolina , and the lean Obama-state of Pennsylvania , which are all in the storm 's path . And while it wo n't get a direct hit , battleground Ohio will also feel the wrath of Sandy . Do the math : The CNN Electoral Map "  In areas without power and thus without either TV advertising or TV news , the race is likely to be frozen in place , " said Elizabeth Wilner , vice president at Kantar Media/Campaign Media Analysis Group , which tracks political ad spending on broadcast and national cable TV . But she said it was rare for an entire media market to be without power , so advertising would continue in those markets with both campaigns hoping for a restoration of service as soon as possible . Wilner adds that the campaigns may be forced to go heavier on the ground , or do more radio or print ads , in order to reach areas that remain without power well into the week . By the numbers : Swing states 4 . Will the storm stifle early voting ? The answer is yes , but not in states that are in play . Maryland and the District of Columbia suspended early voting Monday because of Sandy . But the president is expected to easily carry both . The storm did impact some early voting in some of the eastern portions of the swing state of North Carolina , and could put a damper on some early voting in northern and eastern Ohio . And in the battleground state of Virginia , which allows limited absentee voting in advance of Election Day , some counties Monday canceled such in-person absentee voting . If the storm does put a dent in early voting , the Obama campaign would feel the bigger impact , as it seems to rely more on pre-election day voting than the Romney campaign . By the numbers : Early voting "  Obviously we want unfettered access to the polls because we believe that the more people come out , the better we 're going to do , and so to the extent that it makes it harder , you know , that 's a source of concern , " Obama campaign senior adviser David Axelrod said on "  State of the Union . " 5 . Pulling the plug on polling With just a week to go until Election Day , expect a flood of final polling . Or maybe not . The storm is washing out some polling organizations ' plans . Both Gallup and Investors Business Daily/TIPP announced Monday that they were temporarily suspending their daily national tracking polls . And in some of the states directly impacted by the storm , polling may become much more difficult , as Sandy knocks out phone lines and some cell service . Colorado poll : Romney 48 % -- Obama 47 % CNN Poll : Romney 50 % -- Obama 49 % in Florida Poll : Locked up race in North Carolina Poll : Obama up three points in Minnesota Poll : Obama advantage in Virginia Where the race stands : CNN Poll of Polls	Campaign events were largely suspended Monday as Sandy approached the East Coast Obama : "  I 'm worried about the impact on families and I 'm worried about the impact on our first responders " Romney : " A lot of people are enduring some very difficult times , and our hearts and our prayers go to them " The storm could also affect TV ads , early voting , and polling in some of the battleground states
CNN  -- The infiltration of a Middle Eastern terror network by a mole who helped foil a plot to blow up a U.S.-bound plane was a "  phenomenal , " "  brilliant " and "  powerful " success , experts said Wednesday . It 's unclear how much of the credit should go to the United States or to Saudi Arabia , for whom sources say the mole was working , but both countries have delivered a practical and psychological setback to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , analysts on the region said . Western officials describe that affiliate as al Qaeda 's most dangerous . "  It 's a devastating blow to al Qaeda , though not a fatal one , " said Juan Zarate , who was deputy national security adviser for combating terrorism under President George W. Bush . "  What this demonstrates is that we have the ability to get on the inside . " And the plot , by the same group that launched a failed attempt to bomb a U.S.-bound airliner on Christmas 2009 , demonstrates the continued "  rise of the affiliates , " he said . "  We have a decimated al Qaeda core -- the al Qaeda of 2001 that we have battled and really dismantled in many ways has metastasized and is now presenting itself in this regional form . " This latest intelligence success marks the deepest known penetration into al Qaeda , said Ali Soufan , a former FBI official who oversaw highly sensitive international terrorism cases . But he noted many intelligence efforts remain secret . "  It 's a major success for the CIA and for the intelligence community , " he said . And , he noted , as in this case with Saudi Arabia , "  overseas most of our work is done in cooperation with friendly services . " Of the al Qaeda affiliate groups trying to carry out terrorist operations today , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is the closest version to the network Osama bin Laden led , Soufan said . Bruce Riedel , who spent 30 years in the CIA and was a senior adviser on the Middle East to four presidents , said thwarting the bomb plot is "  primarily a Saudi success story " -- and not their first . "  They foiled the AQAP plot in October 2010 to send bombs to the U.S. on FedEx and UPS planes , " he noted . That plot was foiled by an informant . Some details remain unknown . This time , Riedel said , Saudi intelligence managed to "  get access to AQAP 's plot and actually get the bomb . " Still , thwarting this attack does n't damage the organization substantially in the big picture , analysts said . "  While this is a good technical success , the harsh reality is that in Yemen , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is growing , getting more powerful , recruiting more assets and taking advantage of the fact that Yemen is essentially the Humpty Dumpty of the Arabian Peninsula -- it 's falling apart , broken , " said Riedel , now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank added that while it is a "  big intelligence success " for the United States and Saudi Arabia , "  there 's a limit to their success as well . " The operation did not lead intelligence services to Ibrahim al-Asiri , the chief bomb maker for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or to the location where he makes the bombs . "  They were able to take out Fahd al-Quso , who 's a senior operational planner in the group , but they were not able to take out this very dangerous bomb maker who 's ingenious at making bombs , " Cruickshank noted . Information from the mole led to a CIA drone strike Sunday in Yemen that killed al-Quso , 37 , a senior operative of the al Qaeda affiliate . He was a suspect in the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen . He was convicted in a Yemeni court but escaped from jail . All the analysts who spoke to CNN expressed concern that a mole 's involvement was leaked to the media . "  I think authorities , particularly the CIA , would rather not talk about this right now , " said Zarate , now a senior adviser on counterterrorism for the Center for Strategic and International Studies . These kinds of sources "  can lead to additional counterterrorism successes or insights , " he said . "  So the fact that this is now front page news certainly does n't help . " Soufan , who runs a consultancy group on security issues , said , "  When you 're doing operations like this , you have to do whatever you can do to protect sources and methods -- not only of the CIA but also of the other intelligence services that were involved in this . Because down the road they will be hesitant to cooperate with us . " However , Zarate said , there may be a bit of a silver lining in the leak . "  I think what this will do is it will increase the amount of vigilance and mistrust within al Qaeda circles to outsiders . They need outsiders to supplement their ranks and allow them to plot against the West . ... It will create layers of distrust and will create inefficiencies , " Zarate said .	Analyst : The intelligence success on bomb plot shows "  the ability to get on the inside " It 's "  primarily a Saudi success story , " another expert says Operation did not lead to the terrorist group 's chief bomb maker , one analyst says The leak that a mole was involved could damage intelligence efforts , experts say
Toronto  CNN  -- It was confirmation of her worst fears : The lump Audrey Guth found on her breast turned out to be cancer . "  When you get the news that you have cancer , as a mom your life turns upside down , " Guth said . "  The first thing you think about  is  your children . " Fortunately for Guth , her adult children could support themselves while she underwent treatment . But she quickly learned that not all mothers were as lucky . "  I saw so many moms sitting there with their children on their laps , pulling their clothing , " Guth said . "  I thought , ` This is not a place for children . ' " With a background running a nanny agency , Guth knew she could help . In 2008 , she started the Nanny Angel Network , a nonprofit that provides free in-home childcare for mothers who have cancer . "  Mothers who are diagnosed with cancer are caregivers who suddenly find themselves in need of care , " said Guth , 59 . "  Our program allows mothers the freedom to take a rest , because that 's what they need the most to get better . " Since 2008 , her organization has helped more than 300 moms in and around Toronto . ` Nanny Angels ' to the rescue Guth 's program is staffed by a team of volunteers who have professional backgrounds in childcare . Many of them are cancer survivors . Nearly half of the moms they help are single parents . It 's one of the many reasons she believes the organization is so important . "  When you 're a single mom , your income is decreased , and you often ca n't afford childcare , " Guth said . It 's a challenge Shauna Barnett knows all too well . A single mother to a 4-year-old son , Barnett has battled stage 2 breast cancer since September . She underwent a double mastectomy and aggressive chemotherapy to treat her disease . "  If I 'm having a bad day , sometimes I ca n't lift my head off the pillow , " said Barnett , 38 . "  As a mother , I feel so bad to have to say to my son , ` Please go play with your toys so mommy can rest . ' He 's only 4 , he does n't understand . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes Once a week , Barnett and her son , Deshaun , get a visit from someone who does understand : Deshaun 's "  nanny angel , " Ruth Van Es . "  We bake cookies and cakes . When it 's warm , we walk to the park .  We  play board games , read books , " said Van Es , a cancer survivor . "  The main thing is to keep their minds off of the cancer and what is happening to mum . I feel like Mary Poppins . " Barnett recently underwent her last round of chemo and says doctors have given her a positive prognosis . She is grateful to Guth 's program for making her cancer journey easier . "  The Nanny Angel Network is a Godsend , " Barnett said . "  When Ruth comes to my home , it 's such a huge relief to have a chance to rest . " Cancer changes everything Last year , Guth expanded her services to help families with end-of-life care . "  When there is a death , we stick around to be there for the kids , " Guth said . "  This is so essential for the child who just lost their mother and is trying to cope with that . " Ultimately , Guth hopes her efforts give families the peace of mind that their children will be cared for during a difficult time . "  Cancer changes everything for you and for your entire family , " she said . "  What we do wo n't take away their illness , but it will certainly make their journey a lot easier . " With her own cancer now in remission , Guth considers herself lucky , and she plans to keep paying her good fortune forward to more moms in need . "  When we get the call that says , ' I finished my chemo ' or ` my nanny angel came today , and my child had the best time , ' that 's when we say , ` Yes , we 're really making a difference . ' " Want to get involved ? Check out the Nanny Angel Network website at www.nannyangelnetwork.com and see how to help .	Nanny Angel Network provides free in-home childcare for mothers with cancer A breast cancer survivor , Guth met moms suffering from the disease while raising children Guth 's nonprofit provides them with "  nanny angels " to help take care of the kids Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- You ca n't escape tango in Buenos Aires . It is danced on the trains and in the streets . Restaurants in the bohemian neighborhoods of San Telmo and La Boca try to lure tourists inside with exhibition dancing outside their doors . Taxi drivers play tango music on their radios , and giant billboards promote choreographed tango shows . Tango grew from the working class port neighborhoods of Buenos Aires to become a global dance and music phenomenon that in 2009 was inscribed on UNESCO 's Intangible Cultural Heritage list . But for those visiting the Argentinean capital for the first time , the sheer number of opportunities to experience tango can be overwhelming , and many of the best venues are off the beaten track . Expat-New Yorker Migdalia Romero is here to help . Here , the author of the "  Tango Lover 's Guide to Buenos Aires " offers her insights for all aspiring "  tangueros " traveling the city : History Tango was especially important in Buenos Aires at the turn of the century when immigrants -- especially men without partners -- were looking for a worthwhile diversion . The men would practice together to perfect their dance -- and hopefully impress the women . But tango moved from the brothels to higher society very soon after it became fashionable in Paris . The music has always been an integral part of growing up in Buenos Aires . Generations have been nursed on it . The older generation of women dancers remember when they danced resting on the feet of their fathers . Boys would sneak out to the dance halls to see the older men  brothers and fathers  dancing . While tango skipped a generation of men and women who preferred rock in the 60s , it is now very much in vogue among the youth . Dance halls fill with young and old alike -- there are strictly no age restrictions . Read related : Musician 's passionate journey through Buenos Aires Embrace the passion There 's a saying in Spanish that captures the importance of the embrace in tango : "  El abrazo es mas important que el paso "  The embrace is more important than the step The prelude to tango begins at the moment that two people stand face to face and listen silently to a few notes of the music , before settling in on the embrace and beginning to dance . Tango is a dance that stresses elegant walking and close attention to the music . More than anything , if you are new to it , just enjoy the scene . Notice the subtle movements of the dancers , the ways in which they negotiate small spaces and crowded dance floors , and the delicate way they accomplish the seductive invitation to dance . Where to watch There are classy dinner shows that feature full stage productions for tourists , and then there are intimate tango venues that provide more authentic shows for enthusiasts and local patrons . Be aware that dinner shows can be expensive , and some of the more hidden and intimate clubs offer a less expensive alternative -- many charging only for what is consumed . On Sunday afternoons at Plaza Dorrego in the San Telmo Antiques flea market , a local legend and resident , El Indio , does a demonstration of tango accompanied by a bit of history  in Spanish  . Even if you do n't understand the language , the demonstration is worth your time and , best of all , it 's free . A number of "  milongas "  dance halls dedicated to tango  offer late night shows with either live music and/or authentic exhibition dancing . Generally these milongas open at 11 pm , but Buenos Aires is a nocturnal city and the shows themselves do n't normally start until after one in the morning . Two noteworthy examples are the milonga at Confiteria La Ideal on Thursday nights and that at Salon Canning on Tuesday and Friday nights after 11 pm . At both places you will see locals , as well as tourists who are completely hooked on tango , dancing socially while making sure to respect all the dance floor etiquette  "  codigos "  that make this a cultural experience . You will notice men signaling silently for a dance across a crowded room with the nod of their head , a wink , or a raised eyebrow . Men and women are never seated together , even if they are in close proximity . The most traditional milongas place men on one side of the room and women on the other . If you 're more interested in choreographed shows , then head straight to the Piazzolla Tango , which offers a flamboyant dinner show , preceded by a lesson . The space has been restored beautifully with a real air of art-deco elegance . Meanwhile , those concerned with the history and culture of tango should stroll to the former fruit and vegetable market area of Abasto in the Balvanera neighborhood , which is very much connected to Carlos Gardel -- the definitive tango icon . Gardel wrote many tango classics and was famed for his extraordinary baritone voice . He lived his whole life in Abasto and within a two block radius you will see signs of this famous tango figure on buildings , in stores , and even in the museum that was once his home . Where to learn Tango is a dance that takes years to master . However , a good teacher can get you on the dance floor , walking simply and in time to the music , within a few lessons . The two studios that teach tango seriously and cater in large part to tourists from around the world are the Studio DNI and the Escuela Argentina de Tango at Galerias Pacifico -- inside a beautiful upscale mall . Both schools offer lessons to beginners as well as to experienced dancers . Some milongas also provide lessons right before the official dance begins . One of my favorites is Nuevo Chique at La Casa de Galicia . The class is held on Tuesdays and Thursdays in the late afternoons . Nothing builds the appetite more than a day of tango and , conveniently , there is a lovely Spanish restaurant on the second floor where hungry bellies are quickly satisfied .	Buenos Aires is the birthplace of tango , and the city still buzzes with its music and culture Local tango expert provides her travel tips for dance lovers traveling to the Argentinean capital Traditional "  milongas " and elaborately choreographed shows among highlights
Chinese officials who accompanied Chinese President Xi Jinping on a visit to Tanzania last year went on a buying spree for illegal elephant ivory , an environmental activist group has claimed . The report by the Environmental Investigation Agency cites two local ivory traders as saying that the large Chinese government and business delegation bought so much ivory while in the country that prices doubled . The two traders claimed that a fortnight before the state visit , Chinese buyers began purchasing thousands of kilos of ivory , the report says . That ivory was later sent to China in diplomatic bags on the presidential plane , the dealers said , according to the report . One of the traders , named as Suleiman Mochiwa , told an undercover investigator for the EIA in September , "  The price was very high because the demand was high . When the guest come , the whole delegation , that 's then time when the business goes up . " He said the price of ivory doubled during the Chinese visit to $ 700 per kilo . The second trader , named as Paulo Gavana , gave the same account . Groundless Chinese authorities were less than impressed by the report . "  The report is groundless , and we express our strong dissatisfaction , " said Hong Lei , China 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , at a press briefing on Thursday . "  We attach importance to the protection of wild animals like elephants . We have been cooperating with other countries in this area . " The sales were made by dealers operating out of the Mwenge Carvers Market in Dar es Salaam , the EIA claims . Another Mwenge dealer who spoke to undercover reporters in 2010 made similar claims about the entourage that accompanied past Chinese President Hu Jintao to Tanzania in 2009 , the report said . He is quoted as saying : "  You know when the President of China , Hu Jintao , was coming to Tanzania ? They come to take many things . But that was not for Hu Jintao , it was the whole group . Then they go direct to the airport , because VIP no-one checks your bags . " Slaughtered en masse The report adds that going back as 2006 , EIA investigators were told by Mwenge suppliers that Chinese Embassy staff were the major buyers of their ivory . The EIA report highlights the threat posed to Tanzania 's elephant population by illegal poaching -- and warns that they are being "  slaughtered en masse " to satisfy a growing demand for ivory . "  Based on available evidence , Tanzania has lost more elephants to poaching during this period than any other country . In 2013 alone , it reportedly lost 10,000 elephants , equivalent to 30 a day , " it says . "  Tanzania 's elephants continue to be poached to supply a growing demand in an unregulated illegal ivory market , predominantly in China . "	Environmental group claims Chinese delegation went on an ivory buying spree in Tanzania It cites local traders saying the ivory was sent back to China on the presidential plane China 's government has not responded to CNN requests for comment on the claims Tanzania lost equivalent of 30 elephants a day in 2013 , environmental group says
CNN -- When Apple launched its App Store last summer , few imagined it would reach today 's numbers so quickly , if ever . Auto-apps could become the next way to customize your ride . The store now hosts over 85,000 titles and has passed 2 billion downloads . Even Apple is surprised . Now the concept of the app store has spread like a virus among competitors . It 's also reached seemingly unrelated industries , like automobiles and TV set-top boxes . The App Store taps the creative energy of entrepreneurial developers . Whether they 're big or small , they can make money through it , even though the challenges for them can be considerable . For consumers , the App Store offers third-party applications  free or charged  that can be downloaded or synched onto an iPhone or iPod Touch . Apple takes 30 percent of a paid app 's revenue and charges developers an annual fee to use the iPhone software development kit and upload apps to the store . But the rest goes to developers , some of whom have profited handsomely from their creations . Many companies now offer something similar to the App Store , if not in whole then in part . Even if none has yet come close to Apple 's numbers -- or , arguably , its design achievements -- the spread of the app store idea is undeniable . "  It seems like every company remotely related to technology is embracing the app store craze , " notes IT expert Tony Bradley in a blog post for PC World . Handset makers now offering software stores include Palm , Nokia , Sony-Ericsson , and BlackBerry-maker Research in Motion . On the platform side , Google 's Android and Microsoft 's Windows Mobile -- competitors to the iPhone OS -- each have an app store now . Nintendo and Sony , the traditional powers in gaming gadgets , have also launched app stores , for their DSi and PSP handhelds , respectively . Apple is now their competitor thanks to all the iPhone games . The chipmaker Intel announced last month that it 's setting up multiple app stores through partners like Acer and Asus to encourage independent developers to create apps for netbooks and handhelds based on its processors . For Twitter , a startup called Oneforty is trying to position itself as the unofficial "  app store " for tie-in services . Cellular operators , wary of becoming "  dumb pipes , " are n't sitting idly by . Verizon , Vodafone , Orange , and others getting in on the action with their own app stores . Not every company is a natural fit for creating app stores , so another market is forming for firms that help set them up . A firm called GetJar has helped Sony Ericsson and the cellular carriers Optimus  in Portugal  and 3  in the UK  with app stores . Amdocs and Comverse , which already provide various services to carriers , have added "  app store provider " to their offerings . Other firms are helping developers deal with the sudden rash of app stores . A California startup called GoldSpot Media recently launched miApp , designed to let developers "  design once , deploy in any app store . " Of course they were n't thinking about app stores outside the mobile space when they wrote that tagline . From hand-held to real-world Few anticipated the app store meme spreading to cars , for instance , but Atlanta-based Hughes Telematics says it 's helping automakers prepare app stores for drivers . For safety , some of these apps would use an audio-only interface for drivers , or be usable only by passengers or when parked , notes Kevin Link , a vice president with the company : "  Automotive applications must consider driver distraction , network security , and reliability within the vehicle . " But the possibilities are tantalizing and include taking pictures of a thief in action , playing catch-up audio clips of TV shows , deciphering that obscure Check Engine light , and remotely starting the engine or resetting the car alarm . Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones , as well as from within the vehicle itself . Hughes Telematics ca n't reveal too many specifics about upcoming app stores because their rollouts depend on the schedules of the carmakers . And many details have yet to be worked out , notes Link , such as how revenues will be split with the developers . An app store of sorts will also be offered later this year by Roku , which sells a TV set-top box that connects to your broadband connection and brings online content to your living room . The box already lets customers order Netflix movies . With the upcoming app store , online content normally reserved for computers will be easily accessed over the TV . Possibilities include video and audio podcasts and photo-sharing destinations . As with the App Store , the idea is to let any developer  most likely a content owner in this case  offer their product through the platform . "  What an open platform does is create an opportunity for any content owner or content aggregator that has access to content , to make that content available for viewing on the TV , " notes company spokesperson Brian Jaquet . Between six and 12 new apps , or channels , will be offered by the end of this year , he adds , and more will follow . Of course exactly what will follow is unclear because -- as with the other App Store-like offerings -- the only real limit is the imaginations of developers . Stay tuned .	Apple 's ` Apps Store ' has become hugely successful and mimicked by others Away from hand-held gadgets , apps being developed for cars and TV set-top boxes Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- My friend posted this message as her Facebook status update : Maybe it 's just me , but I am extremely uncomfortable with any married man calling me "  just to say hi . " Not good ! Respect your wife ! My initial response was this has to be a joke ... right ? Then the comments started flying with woman after woman not only liking the status update but also telling their own tales of married men trying to befriend single women . The biggest complaint from most women was that lately some married men have been living double lives . In social settings , these married men partied all night long , had lingering conversations and exchanges with single women all under the guise of business for their charity or event . These married men are the "  undercover agents " of the single scene . They purposely put themselves in situations where they can infiltrate the single female scene all the while wearing their wedding bands to make these women feel safe . One woman said it best on my friend 's Facebook comment thread : "  If a married man is trying to cultivate a friendship with me and I do n't know his wife , he 's out of line and I want nothing to do with him . The last thing I need is a woman looking at me sideways thinking I 'm interested in her man . I 'm too grown for that kind of drama . " Drama is exactly what you get when a married man tries to befriend a single woman without mentioning his wife , much less an introduction . With that said , I 'm declaring it is almost impossible for a married man to be friends with a single women if she does n't know the wife . I recall attending a number of events organized by a well-known fundraiser in Atlanta . He is incredibly charming , intelligent and always the life of the party . His circle of influence is extensive , including media professionals , politicians and some of the city 's "  movers and shakers . " At every event I attended , his wife was never present . Oddly enough , the majority of the women that he knew in attendance were single . Granted , there was a slightly even mix of men and women , but I found it odd that so many of the women were single . Needless to say , the men in attendance were mostly married and had THEIR wives with them . Each time I interacted with this person , I made it a point to ask about his wife . There was always some "  good " reason that she was not at the event ; mostly it was that she was home with the kids . I find it hard to believe that with his amazing ability to fundraiser and organize , he never had a babysitter available on at least one of those nights . A couple of my friends discussed these events at length and wondered could he be an "  undercover agent " ? We debated back and forth considering all the possibilities . Maybe his wife did not like attending social events , preferring to stay at home ? Is it possible that these events were his outlet , and she trusted him enough to do these events solo ? But each time we considered the possibilities , there was the lingering question : Why did he never bring her up in conversation ? There was something about his demeanor with the women with that glance at your outfit that lasted just a second too long . It always seemed as if HE were the eligible bachelor in the crowd . So , to avoid these questions , my advice to married men is simple : You are married and can not enjoy some of the same luxuries as single people . That includes befriending single women under the guise of business ventures without introducing your wife . To single women : If it feels icky , then it more than likely is n't meant to be a business discussion . No one says that married people and single folks ca n't be friends . But show some respect for your partner -- the one to whom you 're married !	Audrey Irvine reports Facebook storm over too-friendly married men She says when they phone up or hang out with single women , it looks suspicious Wearing a wedding ring does n't make it OK to party with other women Critic : If I 'm not friends with his wife , too much of his attention is disrespectful
The U.N. Security Council is riddled with double standards and has failed the Middle East , Saudi Arabia said Friday as it rejected an offer to join the body . The kingdom claims that the council is incapable of keeping the peace internationally , the Saudi foreign ministry said in a statement published by the state news agency SPA . "  To have the Palestinian cause remaining without a fair and permanent solution for 65 years , which resulted in several wars that threatened international peace and security , is evidence and proof of  the  Security Council 's inability to perform his duties and responsibilities , " the ministry said . It also blamed the Security Council for not preventing the spread of weapons of mass destruction in the region -- especially nuclear weapons , a likely allusion to Saudi Arabia 's adversarial neighbor Iran . Lastly , the kingdom brought up the civil war in Syria , blaming the U.N. for not punishing the government after a poison gas attack there killed hundreds of civilians . Saudi Arabia supports Syrian rebels and advocates the overthrow of autocratic Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .	The U.N. Security Council is hampered by a double standard , the Saudi kingdom alleges The Saudi government says the council has failed the Middle East It says the council mishandled Palestinian suffering and the Syrian civil war
CNN  -- The coaching changes just keep on coming in the tennis off-season . First , Maria Sharapova hired Sven Groeneveld . Then Novak Djokovic added the big name of six-time grand slam champion Boris Becker to his team . Grand slam winners Michael Chang and Goran Ivanisevic will work with Kei Nishikori and Marin Cilic , respectively , in 2014 , too . And even though he has n't yet named a replacement for Paul Annacone , Roger Federer trained under two-time Wimbledon champion Stefan Edberg this month . Now David Ferrer has revealed that he has cut ties with his longtime coach , Javier Piles , and will join forces with Jose Altur . "  After 15 years of hard work , effort and sacrifice , my coach , Javier Piles , and I have decided that we 've reached the end of the road , " Ferrer told the ATP Tour website . "  It will be best for both of us to start a new phase by going our separate ways . "  This decision is n't because of any personal or professional problem . Indeed , our personal relationship has been , is , and will continue to be very good . We need space "  But , of course , after 15 years there 's been a lot of wear of tear on both our parts and we both need our space . " Piles had been the world No. 3 's lone coach since he turned professional in 2000 and guided the player from Valencia into the top five and a maiden grand slam final this year at the French Open . Ferrer is known as one of the hardest workers in tennis -- maximizing his ability -- with Piles the main reason . In January , Ferrer became the 39th player in the Open Era to collect 500 wins , not bad for someone who once thought he was the worst player in the history of the top 100 . Under Piles , Ferrer also qualified for five year-end championships and became a threat on hard courts , not only on his favored clay . Altur -- the new guiding force behind Ferrer -- is a former touring pro who also hails from Valencia .	French Open finalist David Ferrer splits with longtime coach Javier Piles The Spanish world No. 3 will now work with Jose Altur Piles had been Ferrer 's coach since he turned professional in 2000 Last week world No. 2 Novak Djokovic hired Boris Becker
CNN  -- The commander of the NATO-led forces in Afghanistan has taken exception to President Hamid Karzai 's contention that the United States and the Taliban were holding daily talks , and that the militant group prefers that foreign troops remain in the country . "  We have fought too hard over the past 12 years . We have shed too much blood over the past 12 years . We have done too much to help the Afghan Security Forces grow over the last 12 years to ever think that violence or instability would be to our advantage , " said Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , the commander of the International Security Assistance Force . On Sunday , after a weekend bombing in Kabul that killed at least nine people , Karzai said there are "  ongoing daily talks between Taliban , American and foreigners in Europe and in the Gulf states . " Saturday 's attack , Karzai said , shows "  that Taliban want longer presence of foreigners -- not their departure from Afghanistan . " ` No reason to support instability ' Dunford took exception to that characterization . "  President Karzai has never said to me that the United States was colluding with the Taliban . All I can do is speak for the coalition to tell you that it 's categorically false , and that we have no reason to be colluding with the Taliban , " he said . "  We have no reason to be supporting instability in Afghanistan . And all that we have been about over the past 12 years is to bring peace and stability to the Afghan people so that they can take advantage of the decade of opportunity that will follow 2014 . " The United States plans to wind up its 11-year combat mission in Afghanistan by the end of next year . Dinner to smooth things over On Sunday , several hours after Karzai made his remarks , he met with U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel over dinner in the Afghan capital . The meeting was an attempt to smooth over the latest dispute in the already strained relationship between the two allies . Hagel told reporters he tried to reassure Karzai that the United States had no unilateral back-channel talks with the Taliban . "  The fact is , any prospect for peace or political settlements -- that has to be led by the Afghans . That has to come from the Afghan side , " Hagel said . "  Obviously , the United States will support efforts if they are led by the Afghans to come to some possible resolution . " Hagel , a former senator who took the helm at the Pentagon last month , made his first trip to Afghanistan as defense secretary . Karzai , meanwhile , has been increasingly critical of American forces in recent months . While there have been reconciliation talks in the past , the United States has not said any such talks are currently underway with the Taliban . In January , a U.S. official said reconciliation talks were showing "  some signs of life " after being dormant for a year . News conference canceled Hagel 's dinner with the Afghan leader in Kabul came after a scheduled joint news conference between the two was canceled . Pentagon spokesman George Little said the schedule had changed "  for a variety of reasons , to include decisions related to security in Kabul that were reached in consultation with our Afghan partners . " "  I know these are difficult issues for President Karzai and the Afghan people , " Hagel said after the meeting . "  I was once a politician , so I can understand the kind of pressures that especially leaders of countries are always under . I would hope , again , that we can move forward , and I have confidence that we can and will deal with these issues . " Taliban : Attack a message to Hagel The Taliban claimed responsibility for Saturday 's attack at the Afghan defense ministry in Kabul , which killed at least nine people and wounded 14 others . A Taliban spokesman expressed pleasure with Hagel 's proximity at the time , calling the attack "  a message to him . " ISAF rejected suggestions that the Taliban even knew of Hagel 's trip when they planned the operation . Tensions ahead of pullout Afghanistan 's National Security Council , chaired by Karzai , recently accused "  armed individuals named as U.S. special force " of torturing and murdering innocent people in Wardak province . The government demanded members of the elite U.S. military units leave the province west of Kabul . But the council also said the United States rejected such suggestions . U.S. military officials said all allegations of misconduct are taken seriously , and that the military was looking into the allegation . Last year , Karzai called for U.S. troops to pull out of outposts in Afghan villages and return to their main bases . In October , he complained the United States was failing to supply Afghan forces with weapons needed to fight insurgents . Then-U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta responded at the time that "  it would be helpful if  Karzai  , every once in a while , expressed his thanks for the sacrifices that have been made by those who have fought and died for Afghanistan , rather than criticizing them . " The Obama administration is making decisions about bringing troops home . In January , Panetta reiterated his opposition to pulling out all U.S. troops by 2014 , saying it would take away negotiating leverage with the Taliban . "  The stronger position we take about staying , the better chances we have to ultimately reach political reconciliation , " Panetta told journalists .	"  We have fought too hard over the past 12 years , " Dunford says Karzai had said the U.S. and the Taliban were holding daily talks Hagel , Karzai meet to smooth over frictions Taliban claims responsibility for Saturday attack
CNN  -- Alexander the Great is said to have sobbed like a child after realizing there were no more worlds to conquer . This was centuries before video games -- with the exception of "  Pong " -- were invented . Had he owned PlayStation4 , X-Box One or Wii , Alexander would probably have stayed on his sofa in Macedonia instead of leading his armies as far as the Indus river . And who would 've blamed him ? These days virtual worlds are almost as impressive as the real thing . So impressive , in fact , that we wish we could visit them . These seven would top our itinerary . More : ` Game of Thrones ' tours in Croatia and Northern Ireland Hyrule , "  The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time "  Nintendo The place : A bucolic world of grassy plains and medieval settlements that echo the gentle sounds of clopping hooves , lilting ocarina melodies and a talking tree . Why we want to visit : Certainly not for the bafflingly complex plotline -- a brackish mix of Disneyfied fairytale and Tolkeinian faceoffs that revolve around an antediluvian flute . We 're there chiefly for the game 's mesmerizing horseback riding scenes , in which entire afternoons can be lost cantering gaily across pleasant grasslands to little discernible purpose . Get real : Horse trekking in the Mongolian steppes , where you can enjoy a vast fence-free wilderness from the saddle without the tedious obligation to conquer evil . Stepperiders ; +976 991 14245 More : Air New Zealand 's genius Hobbit-themed safety video San Andreas , "  Grand Theft Auto V "  Rockstar Games The place : A sun-bleached U.S. state that stretches from sparkling ocean-side real estate to misty mountainside . Here there are wide shopping boulevards patrolled by the wealthy , and cracked asphalt byways where lives lie in ruin . It 's a bogglingly panoramic slice of the American dream . Why we want to visit : San Andreas vividly re-creates great swathes of California , chiefly Los Angeles , with such an immersive eye for detail that , if they were n't so loathsome , you might accidentally find its characters on your Christmas card list . If you can stomach the obscene violence , "  GTA V 's " vision of the Golden State is infinitely better than reality since you dispense with envy and help yourself to whatever you want , be it fast cars , speedboats or passenger jets . And , just to prove it 's even more la-la than La-La-Land , you can finish off your crime spree with a yoga session . Get real : Hire  do n't hijack  a luxury car and cruise across Los Angeles . Beverly Hills Rent-a-Car ; +1 310 274 6969 "  Tetris "  Various The place : A Soviet-created , two-dimensional world where doom can only be avoided by neatly stacking descending geometric shapes . Could be an allegory for the futilities of the U.S.S.R. 's collective economy . Could be just a maddeningly addictive game . Why we want to visit : Modern life draws great delight from plunging us into nerve-jangling chaos . It takes even greater mirth in our feeble attempts to impose order on this chaos . So to spend time in a place where the very building blocks of existence can easily be shuffled into orderly stacks is to enter a place of Zen-like sanctuary -- a place where nirvana is an L-shaped block slotted tidily in an L-shaped hole . Get real : Play "  Tetris " too much and it becomes hard not to gaze at a cityscape without figuring out which shapes would fit into its gaps . This is especially fun in the Tetroid heights of Hong Kong 's Mid-Levels . Butterfly on Hollywood Hotel  Hong Kong  ; +852 2850 8899 More : Starcraft , and 9 other things South Korea does better than anyplace else Rapture , "  Bioshock "  2K Games The place : A gloomy sub-aquatic metropolis deep beneath the North Atlantic . According to an elaborate back story , the city was conceived in the late 1940s by idealists who wanted to break away from outmoded ideologies at the end of World War II . So they construct an underwater utopia where all runs swimmingly until everyone , of course , becomes hopelessly hooked on sea slugs . Why we want to visit : It may be a decaying dystopia populated by genetically modified beasts , but who cares when it looks this good ? "  Bioshock 's " designers spliced Captain Nemo 's "  Nautilus " with the Chrysler Building to create an art deco spectacle that drips with class  and seawater  . Get real : Underwater cities are sadly somewhat thin on the ground .  Or should that be ocean floor ?  For now , you have to make do with just an underwater hotel room . The Manta Resort , Pemba Island , Tanzania ; +255 776 718 852 ; $ 1,500 per night for a two-person stay , $ 900 per night for singles "  Super Mario Galaxy "  Nintendo The place : A universe of tiny planets where , if you eat the right mushrooms , you gain special powers that make it easier to navigate a series of benign but frustratingly tricky challenges . Why we want to visit : We 'd settle for any of the mildly psychedelic destinations depicted in the "  Super Mario " games series , but "  Galaxy " is the best yet . It 's incredibly pleasant to look at and , in an age of ever-increasing video game violence , feels warm , safe and unthreatening . Of course , traveling to strange places with a qualified plumber can only be a good thing . Particularly one whose "  let 's a-go " catchphrase seems to indicate a tradesman with an admirable can-do attitude . Get real : Warm , safe and unthreatening ? Welcome to Singapore ! But under no circumstances sample mushrooms offering unusual powers . Not even a plumber would be able to help you . Klapsons Boutique Hotel  Singapore  ; +65 6521 9000 "  Minecraft "  Mojang The place : A blank map waiting to be charted by you . "  Minecraft " is considered by many to be the best so-called "  sandbox " game in which players design their own block-built worlds and mine their resources to construct elaborate settlements . Hostile mobs and monsters are chucked in to liven things up . Why we want to visit : Because we 've all felt the call of the wild at least once in our lives . A sense of frontier spirit . The desire to wipe the slate clean , forge our own new civilizations and get our hands if not dirty , then perhaps a little clammy . Get real : Head deep into any wilderness and you might stumble into fanatics so disillusioned with government interference and the triviality of modern life that they 're trying to start again . After reading this article , many more may join them . Thankfully , in the rugged expanses of Canada 's Northwest Territories , there 's room for everyone . Nahanni National Park Reserve , +1 867 695 7750 More : All by my selfie . Travel blogger fakes girlfriend pics Northrend Storm Peaks , "  World of Warcraft "  Blizzard Entertainment The place : A jagged , windswept and snowy mountain range on the northern fringes of the northern fringes of "  World of Warcraft " -- the colossal online realm that at its peak had as many signed-up players as Belgium has citizens . Not all were Belgian . Why we want to visit : "  WoW " boasts such a bewildering number of territories that it 's hard to know where to start , but the starkly beautiful Storm Peaks stand out for sheer drama of landscape . The Peaks are said to be inhabited by a mysterious race of giants . But if you 're going to get involved in a fantasy role-playing game where people take things like dragons , spells , elves and occasional outbreaks of plague seriously , these are probably the least of your worries . Get real : Aonach Eagach is a vertiginous , wind-raked mountain ridge that looms over Scotland 's Glen Coe . Dragons would be the least of your worries up here . Steve Fallon guided walks ; +44 1314 668152	"  Bioshock " splices Captain Nemo 's "  Nautilus " with Chrysler Building to create art deco Rapture Starkly beautiful "  World of Warcraft " Storm Peaks stand out for sheer drama of landscape Of the mildly psychedelic destinations in the "  Super Mario " series , "  Galaxy " is best yet
CNN  -- Seattle could see one of its largest snowfalls since the 1940s as twin winter storms move over the Pacific Northwest , according to the National Weather Service . Between 5 and 10 inches of snow could hit the Seattle-Tacoma area Wednesday , said Dustin Guy , a meteorologist at the weather service 's Seattle office . Precipitation moving in from the south and west is combining with cold air moving south from Canada to create the heavy snowfall , Guy said . If snowfall amounts top 7 inches , the winter weather event will rank among Seattle 's 10 worst since the early 1940s , Guy said . High-wind warnings were in effect along the coast , where winds could gust to hurricane force -- knocking down trees and causing power outages , said CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward . Wednesday 's snowfall in Seattle may equal its annual average , Ward said . Mountainous areas of the Pacific Northwest will see even more snow , with the largest accumulations on the eastern slopes of the Cascades , according to the weather service . Significant snowfall is expected across southern Washington , northwest Oregon and into western Idaho . Portland could see about 3 inches , according to Ward . From late Tuesday through early Thursday , 2 feet to 3.5 feet of snow is forecast for the mountains east of Seattle , Guy said . Mount Rainier could see 10 feet of snow by Friday . The first storm moved into the area Monday and Tuesday . The second and stronger storm was forecast to hit Wednesday into Thursday . "  It 's pretty big when you get back-to-back storms like that , " weather service meteorologist Roger Cloutier said . Scattered areas near Easton , Washington , along Interstate 90 in the Cascade Mountains 55 miles east of Seattle , have already received 32 inches of snow , Cloutier said . The snowfall extends south into Oregon , with as much as 18 inches forecast for the Bend area . CNN affiliate KTVZ-TV in Bend said an earlier round of snow over the weekend gave a boost to local ski resorts but also created treacherous driving conditions that left at least one motorist dead . Those conditions were expected to worsen . Winter storm warnings were in effect across the region . "  Expect extreme travel difficulties to develop on Wednesday , " the weather service said , advising those who must take to the roads during the storm to carry a flashlight , blankets and extra food and water . The Washington State Department of Transportation said 1,250 workers will use nearly 500 pieces of equipment statewide to treat and plow roadways . CNN affiliate KING-TV reported that Seattle Public Schools opted to close all schools two hours early . The heavy snowfall will be followed by rain , which could produce ponding water and urban flooding , Guy said . "  It 's just gon na be a mess all around , " he said of the coming few days in the Seattle area . Cloutier said even though computer models are trending colder and colder for the coming days , the heavy snow will eventually pose a flooding threat . "  When the snow does finally melt , you can almost guarantee there will be some flooding somewhere , " he said .	NEW : Seattle prepares for significant snowfall Storms could be among area 's 10 worst since 1940s Up to 3.5 feet of snow in Cascade Mountains forecast Officials warn of treacherous travel conditions
CNN  -- A temporary truce Saturday between Israel and Hamas provided a precious few hours for hundreds of people , who had fled the fighting , the opportunity to learn whether they had a home to return to in Gaza . Some would use the time to collect belongings from their homes and the bodies of loved ones who were killed in the weeks-old conflict . For others , there was nothing to do except pick through rubble and debris . During the 12-hour humanitarian cease-fire , a CNN crew traveled to two Gaza neighborhoods -- Shujaya and Beit Hanoun -- hit hard by the fighting . Here , in their own words , is what they saw : From Salma Abdelaziz : Losing a home An elderly woman struggles to scale a mound of rubble and twisted metal . "  Did you see my house ? What happened to it ? " she asks a neighbor who crosses her path . "  It 's all gone , " he responds . "  There is nothing left " The two appear small standing amid the massive mounds of debris in Gaza 's Beit Hanoun district , where they quietly and calmly converse about the destruction of home after home in their neighborhood . "  Are you sure ? What about my niece 's house ? " the women asks . "  It 's demolished . The whole area is demolished . " the man says . Around them , others assess the damage -- in whispered conversations . There is no wailing or screaming from anyone over what was lost . This is the third conflict in six years for the people of this tiny coastal strip . The people in the neighborhood are calm , almost methodical , in their approach to war and its consequences . From Ian Lee : Choosing what to save A family of five stands next to their front door , the only piece of their home in Gaza 's Shujaya neighborhood that remains intact . The building 's cinder blocks have been split in half . Shrapnel has peppered the building 's exterior . The damage is just too extensive and is unlikely to be repaired . But there is no time to mourn . The family is fighting against the cease-fire clock , with only a few hours to gather what belongings they can salvage from the rubble . "  We did n't expect this . Everything is destroyed , " one family member told CNN . "  We are looking for whatever we can carry before heading back to a UN-run shelter . " Despite the extensive damage to their home , they say they feel lucky compared to their neighbor . Just a few feet away , a massive crater marks the spot where their neighbor 's home once stood . There is nobody there to gather belongings left behind . Nothing is left . From Karl Penhaul : Proof of a life Wooden doors were blown off their hinges . Through the gap , I could pick out Mohammed Al-Zaneen tip-toeing through the debris of his three-story home in Gaza 's Beit Hanoun neighborhood . He gently plucked a framed photo from a wall . It was a picture of his grandfather Said Al-Zaneen , the patriarch of Al-Zaneen 's sprawling family . The old man died long ago . But Al-Zaneen appears intent on rescuing his grandfather 's memory . Then the rubble gave up another treasure , a green plastic folder . As Mohammed sifted through it , he discovered the family 's birth certificates and school diplomas . For a people caught in the midst of a brutal war , Al-Zaneen , like so many other civilians in Gaza , is desperate to find any scrap of paper that proves he still exists . From Joe Sheffer : Through the lens Peering through my lens , I see the vista of the Gaza neighborhood of Beit Hanoun : the anarchy , the rubbish , the empty shell casings and the lingering smoke . The scene is one of displaced families , and a strange sense of calm , as they collect whatever fragments of their lives they could salvage . Then , through the lens , there appears an almost timeless scene -- three women clutching their few possessions , walking through the smoke that pours from gutted buildings . They are followed down the rubble-strewn road by a man who is leading a horse . A foal apprehensively trails the procession , being lead to safety from the inferno . Through the seemingly never-ending rubble , across the power lines that bisect the road and the stench of rot , this small quiet procession of will marches before me . The image seems almost biblical , if it was n't so clearly a vignette of modern warfare . From Abdelaziz : The rubbish of war A young boy in a yellow shirt carries a plastic bag and walks indifferently through the ruins of Beit Hanoun neighborhood in a pair of dusty black flip-flops . His relatives walk alongside , carrying a few possessions bundled in bed sheets and balanced on their heads . He stops for a moment in front of me , stares me straight in the eyes , and -- without uttering a single word -- throws a handful of machine gun ammunition casings at my feet . My eyes follow him as he walks away , almost begging him to speak . But his message is clear to me : He has no room for the rubbish of this war .	Gaza residents returned to their neighborhoods during a temporary truce between Israel and Hamas "  We did n't expect this . Everything is destroyed , " one resident says Some carry their belongings away in bed sheets or on their heads
CNN  -- Roger Federer is not often upstaged . But ahead of a charity match against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Melbourne , the 17-time grand slam winner played second fiddle to a bona fide Australian sporting great . In the arena which bears his name , Rod Laver -- a former world No. 1 and winner of 11 grand slam singles titles -- returned to the court . Before facing Frenchman Tsonga in a match aimed at raising money for the Roger Federer Foundation , the Swiss exchanged a few rallies with the 75-year-old who retired in 1976 . For Federer it was an opportunity to hit with his hero , even if Laver is n't the athlete he once was . "  Hitting with Rod Laver for me clearly is an absolute dream come true , " Federer , who will be bidding for a fifth Australian Open over the next fortnight , told reporters . "  It 's in his arena as well , it 's named after him and he deserves it so much . He told me that his wrist was hurting less on the forehand so he asked me to play there a bit more often . "  While I was playing my racket was feeling extremely heavy , that means I was very nervous which I really was because you do n't want to miss a shot . "  I was happy we had some rallies . What an honour it was for me and I hope that the crowd enjoyed it and I 'm very thankful that he was willing to do something like this because it 's not normal in any way and that 's why I really appreciate it . " While Federer will be competing for a winner 's check $ 2.3 million winner 's check at Melbourne Park , Laver earned a comparatively modest $ 1.5 million during his glittering 13-year career .	Roger Federer and Rod Laver delight Melbourne crowd by playing a few rallies Federer was playing Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in a charity match to raise money for his foundation Australian Laver won 11 grand slam titles during his 13-year playing career The Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne plays host to the Australian Open finals
Kim Jong Il , the absolute dictator of North Korea , made a very rare trip outside the protection of his own borders this past August , albeit on a heavily armored private train . The reason for the trip was a meeting with Russian President Dmitri Medvedev to talk about forming deeper trade and labor alliances between the two countries . This would all seem quite normal and boring if it were n't for the fact that a  nothing is ever normal when it comes to North Korea and , b  Vice happened to also be in the Amur region at the exact same time as Kim Jong Il . But we were there to track down a different kind of North Korean in Siberia : slaves . We had heard through freelance journalist Simon Ostrovsky that North Korea was outsourcing its labor force to work in Siberia as a way to generate much needed hard currency for Kim Jong Il 's cash-strapped regime . He reported that camps built to actually look like miniature North Korean villages peppered the remote regions of Russia 's Far East and Siberia . He also reported on the lengthy terms of their labor "  contracts " and insanely harsh working conditions . So we sent a Vice crew along with Simon to see if we could find some of these camps and talk to some of the North Koreans working there . Most of the camps are very inaccessible so we spent a lot of time on the Trans-Siberian railway to get to the small towns we would use as bases for excursions deep into the forest , looking for work crews . When we finally found the North Korean loggers , their stories were astounding : 10-year labor requirements , living and working out in the bush , Dickensian working conditions , squalid living quarters , inedible food and the majority of their wages garnished and sent back to North Korea to "  help the quality of life there improve . " It was hard to believe that labor camps of this sort still exist in Siberia in 2011 , but we saw them with our own eyes . Most of the workers were over 40 , meaning that they likely had families back in the home country . So if they tried to escape  many still do  the North Korean government could punish them by sending them to concentration camps or enslaving their families in other work camps . See the rest of North Korean Labor Camps at VICE.COM When we found out that Kim Jong Il was in the same region making deals for even more of these types of labor arrangements we knew that we had to show what was going on : a dictator trying to sell more of his people , to make more money , to build more nuclear weapons , that he can use to blackmail the West into giving North Korea more aid , thus enabling him to maintain his regime . And this more than anything exemplifies the absurdity of the modern condition . Or at least the bull goose lunacy that is going on in Russia 's Far East .	VICE.COM : Labor camps exist in Siberia VICE.COM : Most workers at camps over age 40 VICE.COM : Labor camps connected to Kim Jong Il
CNN  -- The chief of staff to the director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement resigned Saturday amid allegations that she helped create a culture of sexual discrimination against men . Suzanne Barr , chief of staff for ICE Director John Morton , voluntarily stepped down last month and had been on paid leave . In a letter to Morton , obtained by CNN , Barr called the allegations "  unfounded and without any merit " and said she was confident her reputation would be restored . "  In recent weeks , I have been the focus of unfounded allegations designed to destroy my reputation , but of greater concern however , is the threat these allegations represent to the reputation of this agency and the men and women who proudly serve their country by advancing ICE 's mission , " she wrote . "  As such , I feel it is incumbent upon me to take every step necessary to prevent further harm to the agency and to prevent this from further distracting from our critical work . " ICE spokesman Brian Hale said Morton has received Barr 's resignation . "  We wish her the best of luck in her future endeavors , " he said . The move comes on the heels of a job discrimination lawsuit filed by the head of the ICE office in New York against the Department of Homeland Security and DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano . In the suit , New York ICE chief James Hayes claims he was passed over for promotions in favor of less-qualified women , some of whom used to work for Napolitano when she was governor of Arizona . As part of his lawsuit , Hayes cites behavior by Barr in an attempt to prove an alleged culture of sexual discrimination against men , according to Hayes ' lawyer , Morris Fischer of Maryland . Hayes said Barr "  created a frat house-type atmosphere that is targeted to humiliate and intimidate male employees . " When the lawsuit was filed , ICE spokesman Hale said the allegations were under review and that Barr had voluntarily placed herself on leave pending the outcome of the investigation . That review is ongoing , according to a federal official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . "  We are obviously very pleased with the agency 's first step in rectifying this situation by accepting Ms. Barr 's resignation , " said Fischer , Hayes ' attorney . "  Now is the time for the agency to move forward and make restitution to the individuals harmed . " Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , said Barr 's resignation "  raises the most serious questions about management practices and personnel policies at the Department of Homeland Security . " The committee will continue a review of the case and the personnel practices of the DHS in general . In his lawsuit , Hayes blames Barr for "  sexually offensive behavior . " In one alleged incident , Hayes said Barr called a male employee at a hotel and screamed at him , using crude language to say she wanted to have sex with him . Hayes also said that Barr moved the office contents of three male employees into a men 's bathroom at ICE headquarters in 2009 . After his client 's lawsuit was filed , Fischer said , he was contacted by other federal employees who had heard about Hayes ' claim . They provided affidavits to Hayes and his lawyer alleging more sexually charged comments made by Barr , according to Fischer . "  We 've been getting calls and e-mails from all over the country from people who want to come forward with information that may be helpful on this case , " the attorney told CNN . In an affidavit provided to CNN , another ICE employee describes a 2009 meeting in the office of ICE Director Morton , during which employees were discussing personal plans for Halloween . The male employee says he overheard Barr ask a "  senior ICE employee " about the size of his genitals . "  You 're a sexy mother -  expletive  , " she allegedly said . Over 17 years , Hayes rose through the ranks from Border Patrol agent to a top position at headquarters in charge of Detention and Removal Operations , overseeing a $ 2.5 billion budget , his lawsuit states . Hayes claims he was removed from that job because of gender discrimination . He is suing to recover $ 335,000 in moving costs and lost bonuses he says he incurred when he was transferred in 2009 to New York from Washington . His lawyer says other ICE employees have been reimbursed for similar expenses . Hayes ' lawsuit also claims he faced retaliation after threatening to file an Equal Opportunity Claim against DHS and cites six internal investigations that were all unfounded . However , all but one of those investigations against him involving complaints by fellow employees were initially filed before Napolitano took office in 2008 . In court documents , Hayes said the complaints were reviewed after he began complaining . DHS has filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit and denied allegations of discrimination and retaliation . Its attorneys argued that the "  unfounded allegations " made against Barr are "  irrelevant " and an "  attempt to embarrass or harass senior government officials . " According to a federal official who defended ICE as an agency of "  dedicated law enforcement professionals , " Hayes ' lawsuit is filled with "  false and unsubstantiated " allegations against Barr and other DHS employees . The allegations "  do not align with the fact that Mr. Hayes has routinely held high-ranking assignments , including his current position as head of ICE 's second-largest field office in New York , the official added . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Suzanne Barr calls the allegations "  unfounded and without any merit " NEW : She says she is resigning to "  prevent further harm to the agency " Her resignation comes on the heels of a job discrimination lawsuit Barr is accused of helping create a culture of sexual discrimination against men
CNN  -- I see your million-man march and raise you another million . That 's the game the Muslim Brotherhood and opposition parties were playing in Egypt this week . After President Mohammed Morsy granted himself sweeping new temporary emergency powers , his opponents vowed to send a million protestors to the streets yesterday . Morsy 's supporters responded by announcing their own equally massive gathering . Fortunately , cooler heads prevailed , and a deal was struck between Morsy and Egypt 's judges , who had threatened a countrywide strike . But too often , the "  winner-takes-all " Mubarak model persists in Egyptian politics . Instead of engaging or working within the system , and compromising , opposition forces protest in Tahrir Square or boycott . While these tactics won a revolution , they will not build a democracy . Morsy 's government won worldwide acclaim last week when it achieved two enormously impressive victories  albeit with no input from the so-called secular liberal parties  : a ceasefire in Gaza and a commitment of $ 4.8 billion from the International Monetary Fund , with billions from the European Union to follow . News : Fresh clashes in Cairo over Morsy decree But a day later , claiming that the work product of the country 's 100-member Constitutional Assembly could be jeopardized , Morsy suspended the ability of the independent court system to review or block the draft constitution , which is due to be released in less than two weeks . A plebiscite is to follow in 60 days and then an election of the new parliament  the old one was declared invalid by the now-neutered court system  . What to make of all this ? It 's the politics , stupid , or the absence of capacity on both sides to entertain opposing views and forge compromise .  Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln " may be the most relevant and compelling how-to guide this season . Last week , during my third trip to Egypt this year , I suggested to the secretary general and a leading member of the Constitutional Assembly that they reach out to a group , nominally led by former Arab League director and former presidential candidate Amr Moussa , who is now boycotting the process . I made the same suggestion to top aides to Morsy . They are suspicious that Moussa has political motives . But , hey , of course he does ! As do they . Opinion : Do n't blame Muslim Brotherhood for Morsy power grab To be legitimate , Egypt 's new constitution will need to respect the separation of powers  including an independent judiciary  and accommodate political differences in a document that passes the international smell test . It can not move women back to the Stone Age , and it must embrace pluralism and tolerance for all religions . On the other side , liberals and human rights advocates want to play odds that this government will overreach and fail . Well , it might . But that 's no guarantee they 'll come next , especially if they do n't bring good political skills with them . And their outside game shortchanges the Egyptian people , whose need for food , jobs , fairness and respect are now . News : Morsy 's decrees could be lifted in as little as two weeks The secular liberals need to get in the game , not just into Tahrir Square . If they do , they can insist on amendments to the constitutional draft that will incorporate their own vision for the future of Egypt . More million-man  and woman  marches are n't enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Harman .	Jane Harman : Egypt 's opposition , governing party planned dueling million-man marches She says this Egyptian model of neither working in the system nor compromising is n't useful She says Morsy court takeover , fractious constitutional process show poor grasp of politics Harman : Constitution must respect separation of powers ; secularists must get in process
CNN  -- Step lively Watson , there 's a mystery afoot at the Supreme Court -- and the estate of Sherlock Holmes ' creator says only the nine justices can ultimately solve the Case of the Contested Copyright . The estate of the late British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle has asked the high court to block a California writer from moving ahead with plans to publish a new series of stories featuring the celebrated fictional detective and his friend Dr. Watson . A federal appeals court in Chicago last month ruled in favor of California-based editor and lawyer Leslie Klinger , saying he did not have to pay royalty fees to the Conan Doyle estate , over his plans to publish a new volume of Holmes stories penned by contemporary authors . The estate then asked the high court to delay enforcement of the appeals court ruling , at least temporarily , until its legal team could prepare a more detailed petition for the justices to hear their case . There was no indication when the court would rule . The nine-member bench is on a three-month recess , but is available to handle these time-sensitive matters . Conan Doyle created one of the most famous and enduring characters in fiction , with four novels and 56 short stories published from 1887 to 1927 . The final 10 stories remain under copyright protection in the United States until 2022 , while the rest are in the public domain . In their high court claim , the estate asserts Holmes and Watson "  were not static but are dynamic literary characters who changed and developed throughout the Sherlock Holmes canon . " Their lawyers say that means the adventures of the fictional friends from decades ago can not be appropriated today , based on older Conan Doyle works that are in the public domain . "  Many aspects of these characters ' natures are not revealed until the final 10 stories , which are still under copyright protection " say the estate 's lawyers . "  The 10 stories are not set exclusively in the characters ' old age but at various points throughout the characters ' lives . " The financial stakes remain lucrative . The estate says the Holmes character has been portrayed in more than 200 films , and that it has a financial and creative interest in ensuring the detective "  is not despoiled in a way that would irreparably damage the value of the Sherlock Holmes copyright . " Klinger had earlier paid a $ 5,000 licensing fee to the estate in 2011 for an initial work of re-imagined Holmes stories called "  A Study in Sherlock . " But he refused to pay a fee for a planned November sequel , "  In the Company of Sherlock Holmes . " Klinger 's publisher , Pegasus Books , is supporting him in court . Klinger 's website describes him as "  one of the world 's foremost authorities on Sherlock Holmes and Dracula . " In his blog , he dismisses the appeal to the Supreme Court . "  The 7th Circuit -LSB- federal appeals court -RSB- ruled on June 22 in our favor , finding that creators were free to use the characters of Holmes , Watson , etc. , so long as the creators did not infringe on the ` protected elements ' in the remaining 10 copyrighted stories , " said Klinger . "  Clearly , the characters ' names and most of their characteristics are not such ` protected elements . ' Thus , to put it very loosely , Sherlock Holmes is ` free . ' " The case is Conan Doyle Estate Ltd. v. Klinger  14a47  . ` To Kill a Mockingbird ' novelist sues over trademark	Sherlock Holmes was fictional , but he lives on in novels and short stories The estate of the late Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is fighting a copyright case A California writer wants to publish a new series of Holmes stories The Conan Doyle estate wants the U.S. Supreme Court to solve the case
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons attacked and destroyed at least 22 oil tankers parked in Pakistan , carrying fuel for NATO troops in Afghanistan , a senior Pakistani police official told CNN . At least seven militants on motorcycles took part in Thursday night 's attack , said police official Hamid Shakeel . All seven escaped the scene , he said . The attack took place at a terminal just outside of Quetta , the capital of Balochistan province , where the trucks had been parked since November 26 , Shakeel said . On November 26 , the Pakistani government shut down both NATO supply routes through Pakistan to Afghanistan in protest of a NATO airstrike that had killed 24 Pakistani soldiers earlier in the day . The airstrike was the latest blow to an already stormy partnership between the United States and Pakistan and plunged relations into perhaps the worst crisis since the two countries agreed to join forces in the fight against Islamist militancy after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . Roughly 40 % of supplies for NATO forces in Afghanistan travel through Pakistan . During the past two years militants have increasingly targeted NATO tankers and supply trucks in an attempt to disrupt two key supply routes and undermine the NATO mission in neighboring Afghanistan . The attacks have forced NATO to increasingly use alternative routes through central Asia . Police said there were no reports of any injuries immediately after the attack .	Police say 7 militants on motorcycles attacked the parked oil tankers Thursday night The tankers had been parked since Pakistan shut down NATO supply routes last month Closing the routes was a response to NATO airstrike that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers No injuries reported in the attacks on tankers ; police say the attackers escaped
Matt Damon said it 's hard not to see his three daughters in the eyes of the girls he helps on his visits to the poverty stricken villages in India . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta sat down with Damon and his water.org co-founder , Gary White , to talk about what their organization is hoping to achieve by providing clean water and sanitation to those who need it . "  Our daughters in that situation would be off looking for a water source and hauling water for the family and they would have no prospects for a life or a future , " Damon said . On premises access to clean water is something only one in four people have in India , according to UNICEF . When Damon got into the water business , he worked with H20 Africa and says he learned a lot . "  I did what I think a lot of people do , which is they kind of get right into the direct impact , like well-digging and how many people can I help if I dig x number of wells , " Damon said . But he said as his understanding of the issue grew , he realized that charity was n't going to solve the problem . Together , we can solve the water crisis He teamed with Gary White , co-founder of WaterPartners , in July 2009 and water.org was born . "  Had I stayed with just drilling wells , I 'd have reached thousands of people at this point , but by the end of next year we 'll hit 3 million people that we 've reached this way , " Damon said . Water.org is a nonprofit focused on giving access to clean water and sanitation to more of the developing world . What makes the organization different is its WaterCredit Initiative , which provides new financing options for poor people so they can pay for a toilet in their home or connect to an existing water supply . White said he met women in India who were paying 125 % interest to loan sharks to get their own toilet or to connect to the public water utilities . They inspired him to create the WaterCredit initiative . Now , he said , these women can get a loan at a much lower rate and still get access to these services . "  So , basically we helped microfinance institutions really discover a new market among some of their existing clients and now we 've had over 1.6 million people get access to water and sanitation not through charity but through a microloan . And they 're being repaid at 99 % , " White said . In a lot of urban areas the infrastructure already exists . Water pumps right under the feet of people who just ca n't connect to it . "  It was the recognition that there was a market there for this , and that if we just stopped looking at people as beneficiaries , if we look at them as customers , then we can really unleash their power to solve their own problems , " Damon said . Damon 's passion about water is spilling into every aspect of his life . He 's using his celebrity and sense of humor to help spread the word . When he took part in the ice bucket challenge , he did it with toilet water . Before that he proclaimed a strike on toilets , saying "  Until everybody has access to clean water and sanitation , I will not go to the bathroom . " His goal to empower people is serious . He said by gaining access to water and toilets , women and girls gain their time and life back . For many , collecting and scavenging for water is a large part of their day . Freed from those duties they can find a job and earn money to help repay the loan . Desperate , disgusted but proud -- India 's human waste removers "  It is an income-enhancing loan because you 're basically buying their time back , and they can work , right ? " Damon said . "  This is an incredible deal if you 're the lender . " It also brings extra security to girls and women , who no longer have to leave their home to use the bathroom . "  I mean this news that came out of India this summer with the two girls who did n't have access to toilets in their home , so they had to wait until the cover of night because of the dignity of this issue , to go out and find a place to defecate . And while they were out they were raped and murdered , " White said . "  That 's just unbelievable that something so basic to humanity like access to sanitation should set up these situations . " Some 36 % of the world 's population , 2.5 billion people , lacks improved sanitation facilities , and 768 million people still use unsafe drinking water sources , according to the World Health Organization . The long-term health effects of not having access to water include malnutrition and diarrhea . According to UNICEF , diarrhea is the second largest cause of death in children under 5 globally and responsible for 600,000 children 's deaths each year . It 's also associated with a higher risk of stunting  low weight for age and developmental delay  . Many other diseases , such as malaria and other parasitic diseases , could be prevented with an adequate water supply , sanitation facilities and proper hygiene , according to the World Health Organization . That 's also why education is a key component of water.org 's mission . It teaches people about proper hand washing with soap , and is helping people make the connection between hygiene and sickness . It teaches how to store water , avoid contaminating it with utensils and how to practice good hygiene by washing hands before preparing food and after changing a diaper . "  The practice of hand washing with soap in India is not widespread . A study showed that only 53 % of the population wash hands with soap after defecation , 38 % before eating , and 30 % before preparing food , " according to UNICEF . Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi share Nobel Peace Prize "  It 's an absolute , just white-knuckle crisis right now for three-quarters of a billion people , " Damon said . "  It 's killing a child every 20 seconds , which is unfathomable that these children are dying from things like diarrhea , which you know , if you have kids , your kid gets a stomach bug , maybe they miss a day of school . But , you know , it 's hard for us in the West to even wrap our brains around this concept that a lack of access to clean water and sanitation is literally slaughtering children by the millions , just because none of them are dying here . "	Only 1 in 4 people in India have access to clean water Actor Matt Damon is using his celebrity to bring attention to the dire need for water 768 million people still use unsafe drinking water sources , according to the World Health Organization
CNN  -- Every day 1,300 aircraft pass through London 's Heathrow Airport . Making sure all those planes are in the right place at the right time is the job of the aircraft marshal . We 've all seen aircraft marshals at work , standing in front of an airplane as it prepares to park , waving their arms in apparently random directions like they 're leading an aerobics class . But what does all that arm waving mean ? And what if you had to step into an air marshal 's shoes , would you be able to park a plane ? Take the quiz above and find out if you 've got what it takes . Watch video : How to park a plane	1,300 aircraft pass through London 's Heathrow Airport every day Aircraft marshals are responsible for getting planes into position Have you got what it takes to be an aircraft marshal ? Take our quiz and find out
CNN  A Canadian tourist was killed after a small inflatable tour boat collided with a whale off the coast of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , authorities said Thursday . The victim was identified as Jennifer Karren , 35 , according to the Baja California Sur Prosecutor General 's Office . Karren is a Canadian from Calgary , Alberta , according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . Two other people aboard the Cabo Adventures ' vessel were injured in the incident that happened Wednesday a quarter-mile from the Bay of Santa Maria , the Mexican Federal Attorney General 's Office for the Protection of the Environment said . That federal agency is investigating the incident , it said . The inflatable boat , called the Cabo Adventure 9 and designed for recreational diving , was carrying nine people and was returning from a snorkel tour when a side of the craft collided with the whale , authorities said . The skipper , José Salazar Tendis , tried to avoid the whale , officials said . Salazar could n't be immediately reached for comment . Karren fell in the water , and a tour guide and another passenger jumped in and brought her back on the boat , the federal agency said . The vessel captain immediately informed naval rescue officials , and the boat returned to shore as first aid and mouth-to-mouth resuscitation were performed on Karren , the federal agency said . A tourist aboard the watercraft who was also a nurse performed CPR , authorities said . The Canadian woman was rushed to a hospital , where she was pronounced dead , according to the Baja California Sur Prosecutor General 's Office . The tour company 's general director , Felipe Diez-Canedo , released a statement through Mexican authorities that expressed regret that one of its guests died , despite receiving first aid and being transported to the hospital . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Jennifer Karren , 35 , of Calgary , Alberta , falls overboard and later dies , authorities say Two other tourists are injured on the small inflatable boat
"  Pack your bags you 're going to South Korea . " These are the words nine young North Korean defectors had waited years to hear having traveled thousands of miles . Unfortunately it was a lie . The tragic story of this group of youngsters aged between 15 and 23 takes us back a few years when one by one they managed to cross the heavily-guarded border from North Korea into China to search for food . Most of them were orphans , while others had a parent unable or unwilling to look after them . A South Korean missionary living in China , known only as M.J. to protect his identity , tried to help the youngsters and has broken his silence to CNN . "  This one child used to live with his father , " he explained . "  One day his father went into a North Korean military base trying to find food but was caught and beaten to death on the spot . The child witnessed this ... his mother then told him not to come home and threw rocks at him to keep him away . " Rodents ' a luxury ' The youngsters survived by foraging for scraps in trashcans . Fish bones and discarded rice were mixed to make a porridge , while rodents were considered a luxury . When M.J. first met some of them in December 2009 , they had frostbite on their hands and toes from living in an old abandoned building where temperatures plummeted to as low as minus 30 degrees Celsius . Some of them had injuries from beatings by security guards and merchants when they were caught stealing food . One of the nine , a 20-year-old man , told M.J. he wanted to live in China as "  even beggars in China do not go hungry . " "  These kids were suffering from malnutrition and disease , " recalled M.J. "  They had been living in quarters with bad sanitation ... also they all seemed to have suffered in one form or another from tuberculosis . Because they were suffering from malnutrition , their growth was stunted . " READ MORE : Report describes North Korea ` atrocities ' M.J. and his wife offered to help the youngsters leave China for Laos -- a landlocked country in South-East Asia -- and then onto a third country , perhaps South Korea or the United States to claim asylum . It is a route that is well traveled by defectors , and the missionary couple had already helped other North Koreans escape to a better life that way . Living in fear The nine lived with the couple and several other North Korean defectors in China for almost two years in constant fear of being discovered by the authorities . They could never leave the house during this time . China does n't treat North Koreans in its territory as refugees and usually sends them back across the border . "  The children had been fugitives for a long time so they were used to this situation , " he said . "  We had a bed which was buttressed with quite a few books on the bottom as legs . The kids would go under the bed and kick out the books , so the bed would sit low and it would not look like anyone was hiding under it . " The couple tried to organize adoptive parents for the youngsters in the United States but without success . And so the long trip to the Laos border began . The youngsters experienced some firsts along the way : One defector celebrated his birthday for the very first time ; they visited an amusement park , which was a new experience ; and they played barefoot on a beach for the first time . Finally , they were able to enjoy simple pleasures many children across the world take for granted . READ MORE : Reunited after 40 years "  As we lived with these children , I saw them change , " M.J. 's wife , who also asked not to be identified , said . "  They started having hopes , they started dreaming and I know they were happier . I was overjoyed to have done something worthwhile . " The escape After successfully getting six other defectors out of the country to safety via other routes , the missionary couple paid a broker to transport the remaining nine across the China-Laos border because they had no papers or passports . On about May 10 this year , they embarked on a journey that would take them through the jungle in the dead of night to avoid detection . This journey would ordinarily take 40 minutes , according to the missionaries , but this time it took four hours due to heavier than usual border security that day . But crossing the border proved to be the easy part . On a bus en route to the capital , an unexpected police search changed the course of events . The youngsters were detained and then investigated for more than two weeks by Laotian immigration officials because of their lack of paperwork . M.J. admitted the police search surprised him as it had never happened with previous refugees he had helped pass through the country . M.J. 's wife said they repeatedly called the South Korean Embassy in Laos for help . "  We pled our case with the embassy because this was not just about one life but nine lives of young people ... for the embassy it was extra work and a burden to them and why should they care about these children from North Korea ? " M.J. said embassy officials told them to wait and do nothing to jeopardize things as Laos authorities were working to process the youngsters . He said no-one from the embassy visited them in eighteen days . Bitter truth On May 27 , the Laos authorities told the youngsters to pack as they were being sent to South Korea . M.J. said they were so happy they all shouted for joy . Years in hiding seemed to finally be over . But the bitter truth of the situation soon became clear . The missionary couple was prevented from following the children and instead locked in a room at the immigration offices for two hours . The United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR , said the group had been sent back to North Korea via China . READ MORE : Defector lives with quarter of a century of guilt Human rights groups were shocked . The missionaries were devastated . "  In these children 's minds , they were going to South Korea , " said M.J. 's wife . "  They never imagined after crossing the border to Laos they would be sent back to North Korea . " The children have since been used for propaganda purposes in Pyongyang , appearing on state-run television in June claiming they had been tricked into leaving North Korea and expressing thanks to leader Kim Jong Un for saving them and bringing them back . "  What I am concerned about is what is going to happen after the propaganda is gone and the rhetoric is over , " said M.J. "  If we do n't pay attention , if we do n't keep asking where these children are , then these children will be lost forever and we will never know what happened to them . " Laos was widely criticized for its actions by the U.N. and human rights groups but insists the youngsters were in their country illegally and that the missionaries were effectively human traffickers . South Korea 's foreign ministry told CNN it prioritizes the life and safety of North Korean defectors and is "  inspecting the problems revealed from this incident and has improved and strengthened the overall support system . " But M.J. and his wife fear for the nine youngsters , who dreamed of a life without hunger and fear .	Missionary couple helped to hide young North Korean defectors in China The starving youngsters had crossed from North Korea looking for scraps of food Eventually transported into Laos secretly in the hope of escaping to freedom But they were caught and eventually sent back to North Korea and an uncertain future
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius is a heartbroken man who has to live with the fact that he killed the love of his life , his uncle has told CNN in an exclusive interview . For the past three months , the double amputee sprinter has been living at his Uncle Arnold 's house in Pretoria . He has grown a beard because he does n't want to be recognized , and has surrounded himself with photos of Reeva Steenkamp , his uncle says . Pistorius is charged with murdering the 29-year-old model and law school graduate early on February 14 , and faces a court hearing next Tuesday . Arnold Pistorius described the runner 's grief as "  unthinkable " and says his heart bleeds for his nephew . "  He 's got photos in his room , photos all over the place . He 's housebound , you know . He does n't go out in public places . Bloody photos of scene of killing leaked "  What can you say if the person you love the most dies , and you were the instrument ? How would you feel ? It 's unthinkable . " Pistorius says Steenkamp 's death was an accident and that he mistook her for a burglar . The state says it was murder . A trial date has not been set . The sprinter 's agent has also spoken for the first time about the 4 a.m. call he received telling him there had been a shooting at the track star 's home . "  It was the estate where Oscar  was  staying at , the estate manager 's daughter phoned me from Oscar 's phone . So I picked up the phone and saw it was Oscar 's number and thought it was him phoning me . And just had this voice of a girl frantically on the other side shouting , ` Please , you have to rush over here , you have to come to Oscar 's house , ' " Peet van Zyl told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  I initially thought it was Oscar that has been shot . She said , ` No , no , no , no . Reeva 's been shot . ' She explained then to me basically just briefly what happened . And yeah , total shock obviously . So I had to jump in the car and rush through to Pretoria . " Van Zyl said he then called Ampie Louw , the sprinter 's coach , and told him to jump in his car and get to Pistorius 's house . "  When arrived at the house and you see all the police cars and lights ... I was standing outside , me and Peet and the lawyer , but Oscar was inside , " Louw told CNN . "  I could hear him crying in the garage , and Reeva was at the entrance . So that was terrible for me . " Pistorius will make a brief appearance Tuesday at the Pretoria Magistrates Court , which will hear a motion by state prosecutors to postpone the case for further investigations . The trial itself may not happen until early 2014 . READ MORE : Not everyone surprised at Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace READ MORE : Pistorius , and the psychology of walls CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Exclusive : Uncle says Pistorius 's grief over killing of Reeva Steenkamp ` unthinkable ' Pistorius has grown a beard and is surrounded by photos of Steenkamp CNN 's Robyn Curnow first reporter to speak to ` Blade Runner ' at uncle 's Pretoria home Pistorius charged with murdering Steenkamp on February 14 ; has court hearing Tuesday
CNN  -- An extradition hearing will be held Friday for the boyfriend of a Michigan woman whose body was pulled from a swamp in Indiana , authorities said . Divers found the body of Dawn Marie Fital , 45 , stuffed in a suitcase Thursday . Her legs , arms and head were bound with duct tape , said Rob Arnold , a spokesman for the Lake County police . The 45-year-old had been missing since Monday . Her boyfriend , Greg Noack , 44 , was taken into police custody in Merrillville , Indiana , near where her body was discovered . Michigan prosecutors have charged the suspect , who is being held in Indiana , with murder . He will appear for an extradition hearing at the Lake County magistrate court jail Friday morning . Police believe he killed Fital in Michigan , then drove across state lines , where he dumped her body in Indiana . There is no word on when Fital 's body will be returned to Michigan . An autopsy has been scheduled for Saturday .	Divers find the body of Dawn Marie Fital , 45 She had been missing since Monday Boyfriend Greg Noack taken into custody
After moving to New York , Brian Moore could not stop running into his ex-girlfriend . There were four awkward and unplanned encounters in six months , to be exact . So while most social apps are about connecting with friends , family or good-looking strangers , Moore began to wonder if a mobile tool could use the same readily available location information to help you avoid certain people . That 's how he and Chris Baker were inspired to create Cloak , a free iPhone app that pulls in location check-ins from your contacts ' Instagram and Foursquare accounts . It maps out the positions of people you know based on their most recent social posts so you can give them the slip . Cloak 's tagline is "  Incognito mode for real life . " You might say it 's an anti-social network . Click on a bubble on the map , and you 'll see a person 's name , his or her location and about how long ago he or she checked in there . If it was a while ago , the image will appear faded , like a ghost . "  We feel like we 've reached the point of social fatigue -- too many networks with too much information , all the time , " Baker says . "  It 's OK to turn off and pick up a copy of ` Walden ' and just be alone . " The app lets people set up push alerts for acquaintances they 'd prefer to avoid such as exes , frenemies or annoying co-workers . If someone wants to drop off the grid completely , he can set up these notifications for everyone in his social networks -- presumably while sneaking through dark alleys or hiding behind sunglasses and a hat . The app only works with Foursquare and Instagram for now , so it has limited usefulness if your friends are n't active on those networks . But the developers hope to add Facebook soon . They say Twitter 's location information is still weak , but they may add that service as well someday . Dodging friends is n't necessarily an anti-social activity . Baker says there are plenty of times a person might want to avoid being seen , such as while on a first date or during a quick run to the grocery store in pajamas . Anyone playing hooky , recovering from plastic surgery or carrying on a clandestine relationship might also find the app useful . For some digital users , the move away from always-on oversharing is a natural progression . After years of being on our phones 24/7 , getting constant updates from our social networks and broadcasting our every social outing , many of us crave a break . All that contact online can leave us wanting more privacy in real life . "  Twitter and Facebook ... are like giant auditoriums where we put on ` public performances . ' And those have grown exhausting . That 's why Snapchat felt so refreshing , " Moore says . The app is still young , but Moore says users have already found creative , social ways to use it . Some are exploring Instagram images by using the map , while others have set up alerts for people they do want to see . In theory , someone could use the app purposefully to run into people who 'd rather be ignored . To prevent any unwanted abuse of your location information , lock down your privacy settings and do n't share your whereabouts unless you 're comfortable with people knowing exactly where you are . "  Social has had its moment in the sun . Now people are beginning to revolt , " Baker says .	A new iPhone app helps you avoid running into people you 'd rather not see It pulls location information from your Foursquare and Instagram networks Users can set up notifications for certain people they want to avoid
Novara , Italy  CNN  -- Like many girls her age , Italian teenager Carolina Picchio shared her pictures , thoughts and emotions on Facebook . But after a video of the 14-year-old allegedly showed up on Facebook in which she appeared to be drunk and disoriented at a party , social media became a source of torment . In a wired world , children unable to escape cyberbullying An ex-boyfriend and his friends posted a steady barrage of abusive , offensive messages aimed at Carolina . And what started out online spilled into her daily life at school , and among her friends in the prosperous northern Italian town of Novara . Unbeknown to her family , it all became too much for her to handle . In the early hours of January 5 , she jumped out of her bedroom window , landing headfirst on the concrete below . Thousands of messages Carolina 's sister , Talita , and some of the teenager 's friends say they reported the abusive messages from her ex-boyfriend to Facebook in the hope they would be removed . But , they say , nothing happened . When bullying goes high-tech "  He was insulting her , mistreating her , " Talita said . "  We naturally spoke about it with her but she told us not to worry . " Now the Novara prosecutor , Francesco Saluzzo , is looking into the possibility of filing a criminal complaint against Facebook for failing to remove offensive content that may have led to Carolina 's suicide . "  In the case of Carolina , it appears some of her friends , some of her relatives , asked for the removal of some of this strong content , and it was n't removed -- and this played a role in her decision to commit suicide , " he said . Besides the abusive messages on Facebook , on the day leading up to her death , Carolina had received 2,600 vulgar messages via the messaging service WhatsApp , the prosecutor 's documents show . ` Have you hurt me enough ? ' Carolina left a final letter addressed to her tormenters , which her mother , Cristina Zocca , shared with CNN . "  Are you happy now ? " the teenager asked . "  Have you hurt me enough ? Have you had enough revenge ? " Asked for the company 's response , a spokesman for Facebook said , "  We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Carolina Picchio and our hearts go out to her family and friends . How to protect your child from online bullies "  Harassment has no place on Facebook and we actively encourage teens and parents to report incidences of bullying using the links located throughout the site . "  We remove content reported to us that violates our Statement of Rights and Responsibilities and we escalate reports of harassment and bullying to law enforcement where appropriate . " Italian media reported in May that eight teenage boys ages 15 to 17 were being questioned by authorities on suspicion of incitement to suicide and possession of child pornography . But Carolina 's mother believes Facebook and other social networks must do more to confront the reality of online bullying . "  My battle is to make the social networks responsible , so that there are protections for minors , " she said . "  We ca n't allow for more Carolinas , or other mothers who must cry and be deprived of the lives of their daughters . " Carolina 's uncle has posted a video on YouTube dedicated to the teenager and her death . It has become a rallying point in Italy for the fight against online bullying . Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau contributed to this report .	Carolina Picchio , 14 , jumped from a window to her death after bullying on Facebook Her sister and friends say they reported the abusive content to Facebook , but nothing happened The Novara prosecutor is looking into filing a criminal complaint against Facebook Facebook says it encourages reporting of abuse and removes content that breaches its rules
CNN  -- Need some social etiquette advice for the digital age ? Brad Pitt 's got your back in this month 's cover story from Wired Magazine . In Wired 's new cover story , Brad Pitt offers etiquette for the digital age . So Brad , should people talk on the phone while they 're using the restroom ? "  No , you ca n't talk on the phone ! " Pitt tells the magazine . "  Do you want the guy next to you to hear your entire conversation ? "  That 's why you should only text in the bathroom . Just be sure you do n't hit the wrong button and end up putting a photo of your junk on Twitter . Trust me , you do n't want those followers . " Watch a CNN video about cell phone etiquette " Humor covers for Pitt 's lack of tech credentials as the Hollywood hunk and star of Quentin Tarantino 's new film , "  Inglourious Basterds " offers up a range of tongue-in-cheek advice for Wired readers . He touches on subjects ranging from managing your online persona to looking at porn on your work computer . Wired says Pitt approached the magazine with ideas for the story . The magazine , which is owned by Conde Nast and is a CNN.com content partner , collaborated with Pitt and contributing photographer Dan Winters to create the article . "  How to Behave : New Rules for Highly Evolved Humans " hits newsstands July 21 . Wired said in an e-mail that the piece is a re-think of the celebrity magazine profile . On the cover , a photo shows Pitt wearing a Bluetooth device in his ear . "  Rule No. 52 : Ditch the headset . He can barely pull it off -- and you are not him , " a blurb on the magazine front says . Most of the article is delivered in a spoof question-answer format . Pitt contributes several answers , as do regular Wired writers . One question asks if a person who exaggerated his or her salary on an online dating profile should confess . "  Hell no , " Pitt writes . "  Everyone lies online . In fact , readers expect you to lie . If you do n't , they 'll think you make less than you actually do . So the only way to tell the truth is to lie . " A question about viewing pornography at work is paired with a photo of Pitt scanning a copy of Hustler magazine at an office desk . A half-eaten doughnut sits on the table in front of him . "  Do n't just look at it at work , bring in your old porn mags and scan them there ! " Pitt writes in the magazine . "  It 's like converting your vinyl to MP3s . Fill up your hard drive , and when you need a break from spreadsheets , just open a favorite pictorial . " Pitt 's OK with porn , but he 's less understanding of people who want to answer urgent cell phone calls during movies . "  It may be a brief interruption -- just a few seconds -- but what if someone sitting near you is trying to make a decent bootleg ? Did you ever think of that ? Now all those street-corner copies are permanently defiled by your so-called 'em ergency , ' " he writes . "  Do n't be so damn selfish . "	Wired Magazine 's cover story features spoof tech advice from Brad Pitt The Hollywood hunk is promoting his new movie , "  Inglourious Basterds " Pitt says talking on the phone at the urinal is rude ; you should text instead Pitt : Online communication is based on lies : "  The only way to tell the truth is to lie "
CNN  "  It only takes one virus to get through for a person to be infected , " explained Dr. John Mascola . This is true of any viral infection , but in this instance , Mascola is referring to HIV and his ongoing efforts to develop a vaccine against the virus . "  It 's been so difficult to make an HIV/AIDS vaccine . " Those were the words of many working in HIV vaccine development until the results of a 2009 trial in Thailand surprised everyone . "  The field is energized , " said Mascola , director of the Vaccine Research Center at the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , describing the change in atmosphere in the vaccine community . The trial included over 16,000 volunteers and was the largest clinical trial ever conducted for a vaccine against HIV . It was also the first to show any protection at all against infection . Two previously developed vaccines , known as ALVAC-HIV and AIDSVAX , were used in combination , with the first priming an immune response against HIV and the second used as a booster once the immunity waned . The duo reduced the risk of contracting HIV by 31.2 % -- a modest reduction , but it was a start . To date , only four vaccines have made it as far as testing for efficacy to identify their levels of protection against HIV . Only this one showed any protection . "  That trial was pivotal , " Mascola said . "  Prior to that , it was n't known whether a vaccine could be possible . " In recent years , there have been parallel findings of an equally pivotal nature in the field of HIV prevention , including the discovery that people regularly taking their antiretroviral treatment reduce their chances of spreading HIV by 96 % and that men who are circumcised reduce their risk of becoming infected heterosexually by approximately 60 % . Both improved access to antiretrovirals and campaigns to increase male circumcision in high-risk populations have taken place since the discoveries , and although numbers of new infections are falling , they 're not falling fast enough . In 2013 , there were 35 million people estimated to be living with HIV globally . There were still 2.1 million new infections in 2013 , and for every person who began treatment for HIV last year , 1.3 people were newly infected with the lifelong virus , according to UNAIDS . A vaccine remains essential to control the epidemic . A complex beast Scientists like Mascola have dedicated their careers to finding a vaccine , and their road has been tough due to the inherently complicated nature of the virus , its aptitude for mutating and changing constantly to evade immune attack , and its ability attack the very immune cells that should block it . There are nine subtypes of HIV circulating in different populations around the world , according to the World Health Organization , and once inside the body , the virus can change continuously . "  Within an individual , you have millions of variants , " explained Dr. Wayne Koff , chief scientific officer for the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative . HIV invades the body by attaching to , and killing , CD4 cells in the immune system . These cells are needed to send signals for other cells to generate antibodies against viruses such as HIV , and destroying those enables HIV to cause chronic lifelong infections in those affected . Measles , polio , tetanus , whooping cough -- to name a few -- all have vaccines readily available to protect from their potentially fatal infections . But their biology is seemingly simple in comparison with HIV . "  For the older ones , you identify the virus , either inactivate it or weaken it , and inject it , " Koff said . "  You trick the body into thinking it is infected with the actual virus , and when you 're exposed , you mount a robust immune response . " This is the premise of all vaccines , but the changeability of HIV means the target is constantly changing . A new route is needed , and the true biology of the virus needs to be understood . "  In the case of HIV , the old empirical approach is n't going to work , " Koff said . Scientists have identified conserved regions of the virus that do n't change as readily , making them prime targets for attack by antibodies . When the success of the Thai trial was studied deep down at the molecular level , the protection seemed to come down to attacking some of these conserved regions . Now it 's time to step it up . In January , the mild success in Thailand will be applied in South Africa , where over 19 % of the adult population is living with HIV . The country is second only to bordering Swaziland for having the highest rates of HIV in the world . "  The Thai vaccine was made for strains  of HIV  circulating in Thailand , " said Dr. Larry Corey , principal investigator for the HIV Vaccine Trials Network , which is leading the next trial in South Africa . The strain , or subtype , in this case was subtype B. "  For South Africa , we 've formed a strain with common features to  that  circulating in the population . " This region of the world has subtype C . An additional component , known as an adjuvant , is being added to the mix to stimulate a stronger and hopefully longer-lasting level of immunity . "  We know durability in the Thai trial waned , " Corey said . If safety trials go well in 2015 , larger trials for the protective effect will take place the following year . An ideal vaccine would provide lifelong protection , or at least for a decade , as with the yellow fever vaccine . A broad attack The excitement now reinvigorating researchers stems not only from a modestly successful trial but from recent successes in the lab and even from HIV patients themselves . Some people with HIV naturally produce antibodies that are effective in attacking the HIV virus in many of its forms . Given the great variability of HIV , any means of attacking these conserved parts of the virus will be treasured and the new found gold comes in the form of these antibodies -- known as "  broadly neutralizing antibodies . " Scientists including Koff set out to identify these antibodies and discover whether they bind to the outer coat of the virus . The outer envelope , or protein coat , of HIV is what the virus uses to attach to , and enter , cells inside the body . These same coat proteins are what vaccine developers would like our antibodies to attack , in order to prevent the virus from entering our cells . "  Broadly neutralizing antibodies " could hold the key because , as their name suggests , they have a broad remit and can attack many subtypes of HIV . "  We will have found the Achilles heel of HIV , " Koff said . Out of 1,800 people infected with HIV , Koff and his team found that 10 % formed any of these antibodies and just 1 % had extremely broad and potent antibodies against HIV . "  We called them the elite neutralizers , " he said of the latter group . The problem , however , is that these antibodies form too late , when people are already infected . In fact , they usually only form a while after infection . The goal for vaccine teams is to get the body making these ahead of infection . "  We want the antibodies in advance of exposure to HIV , " explained Koff . The way to do this goes back to basics : tricking the body into thinking it is infected . "  We can start to make vaccines that are very close mimics of the virus itself , " Mascola said . Teams at his research center have gained detailed insight into the structure of HIV in recent years , particularly the outer coat , where all the action takes place . Synthesizing just the outer coat of a virus in the lab and injecting this into humans as a vaccine could "  cause enough of an immune response against a range of types of HIV , " Mascola said . The vaccine would not contain the virus itself , or any of its genetic material , meaning those receiving it have no risk of contracting HIV . But for now , this new area remains just that : new . "  We need results in humans , " Mascola said . Rounds of development , safety testing and then formal testing in high-risk populations are needed , but if it goes well , "  in 10 years , there could be a first-generation vaccine . " If improved protection is seen in South Africa , a first-generation vaccine could be with us sooner . Making an Impact When creating vaccines , the desired level of protection is usually 80 % to 90 % . But the high burden of HIV and potentially beneficial impact of lower levels of protection warrant licensing at a lower percentage . "  Over 50 % is worth licensing from a public health perspective , " Koff said , meaning that despite less shielding from any contact with the HIV virus , even a partially effective vaccine would save many lives over time . The next generations will incorporate further advancements , such as inducing neutralizing antibodies , to try to increase protection up to the 80 % or 90 % desired . "  That 's the history of vaccine research ; you develop it over time , " Corey said . He has worked in the field for over 25 years and has felt the struggle . "  I did n't think it would be this long or this hard ... but it 's been interesting , " he ponders . But there is light at the end of tunnel . Just . "  There has been no virus controlled without a vaccine , " he concluded when explaining why , despite antiretrovirals , circumcision and increased awareness , the need for a one-off intervention like a vaccine remains strong . "  Most people that transmit it do n't even know they have it , " he said . "  To get that epidemic , to say you 've controlled it , requires vaccination . "	In 2009 , HIV vaccine trial in Thailand to offered glimmers of hope for a future vaccine A modified form of the vaccine is to be tested in South Africa from January Broadly neutralizing antibodies could offer another avenue against the range of HIV viruses Protective levels of 50 % would have an impact on public health
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The grooved , gray concrete wall rising from a few inches to a few feet seems to be solely for blocking the noise from the nearby highway , but like many parts of the new Pentagon memorial , there is more to the wall than meets the eye . Seven years after the September 11 attack on the Pentagon , the wall is designed to remind visitors of the youngest and oldest victims , wrapping the memorial in symbolic imagery . It stands 3 inches tall at its beginning , representing the youngest person killed there -- 3-year-old Dana Falkenberg -- and continues to a height of 71 inches , corresponding to the oldest victim , retired U.S. Navy Capt. John D. Yamnicky Sr. . Both were aboard American Airlines Flight 77 when terrorists hijacked the plane and smashed it into the Pentagon that day . Falkenberg died with her mother and father , Charles Falkenberg and Leslie Whittington , and her 8-year-old sister , Zoe . President Bush attended a solemn ceremony on the grounds Thursday , along with dignitaries and family members of those killed in the attack . See images of 9/11 " A flag was raised at half staff and the national anthem was played . The words on a big screen seemed to capture the moment : "  We will never forget . " "  The Pentagon memorial will stand as an everlasting tribute to 184 innocent souls who perished on these grounds , " Bush said . "  A memorial can never replace what those of you mourning a loved one have lost . We pray that you will find some comfort amid the peace of these grounds . We pray that you 'll find strength in knowing that our nation will always grieve with you . " Watch bagpipes play at the site " Donald Rumsfeld , who was defense secretary when the Pentagon was attacked , said , "  We will never forget the way this huge building shook . We will not forget our colleagues and friends who were taken from us and their families . And we will not forget what that deadly attack has meant for our nation . " The symbolism inside begins for visitors as they first step into the memorial . Watch as the Pentagon remembers 9/11 victims " As they enter the cenotaph , they pass over etched stone that reads , "  September 11 , 2001 -- 9:37 a.m. , " the exact moment of the attack on the Pentagon . The stone in which that infamous date is carved was recovered from the smoldering ruins of the Pentagon , still stained with the burn marks from the explosion and fire from Flight 77 slamming into the building . Across the memorial grounds , 184 bench-like structures , each one dedicated to a victim , are clustered in what seems like an uneven and unsettling array throughout the main grounds of the memorial . See the symbolism driving the memorial 's design " "  We 've tried to keep everything subtle to the extent that people can discover , " said Keith Kaseman , the memorial co-designer . Thomas Heidenberger stopped recently with his son , Tom , to pay tribute to his wife , Michelle , a senior flight attendant on Flight 77 . They wept as they sat on the bench honoring her . iReport : How are you observing 9/11 ? "  These were the first to die in this so-called war on terror , " Heidenberger said . "  Why should n't we not just remember the day , but remember their sacrifice , remember their lives ? " His son said the memorial was touching because it started with an artist 's rendition , but now is a reality and a fitting tribute to those who died . "  It looks great , " he said . "  I 'm very impressed . " The benches are laid out in a pattern according to the year each victim was born , from 1998 to 1930 . Some rows , called birth-year aisles , have just one seat , and some have three or more . All of the granite-covered benches , called memorial units , are oriented in the direction the plane hit the building , pointing east . Each unit rises smoothly from the ground in a gentle slope to form the bench . A small pool of water beneath each one gently gurgles , adding to the relaxing nature the designers intended . On the end of each unit , the name of the victim is inscribed in stainless steel . Family members who lost loved ones have already begun leaving flowers and notes at the benches . The names on the benches face east or west , depending on where the victims were when they died . If the victim was on the plane , visitors read the name as they look toward the western sky . If the person was inside the Pentagon , you read the name looking at the building , facing east . "  The idea that this place is just an invitation for your thoughts and your interpretations is what we see as persisting through time , and I think that 's what sets it apart to some extent , " Kaseman said . Just steps from the Pentagon complex , it is like many of the Washington memorials in that access is freely available 24 hours a day . But it stands in a different place from the more well-known monuments . Tucked away on a small patch of super-secure land between a busy highway and the nation 's military headquarters , the symbolism of a post-9 / 11 security environment is present . An iron fence surrounds the memorial , providing visitors with unintended symbolism . Just outside the fence , a Pentagon police guard shack is on one side , and a giant earthen berm -- designed to deflect bomb blasts from the Pentagon -- is on another . On a third side is a checkpoint with explosives-sniffing dogs and a secure road that leads to a Pentagon delivery facility away from the building . It is hard to imagine that a few years ago , this land was once just flat grass and the original location of the building 's helicopter port before the attack . It has taken seven years to build the memorial . But the time has not lessened the memories or the solemn nature of the location , feet from the impact site . A kind of peace is still present between the whirring traffic and the occasional low-flying military helicopter preparing to land at a helipad . Plantings and trees will eventually fill it in the young memorial , creating a more private and intimate setting ; and for those who lost family , friends and colleagues , the symbolism outside the memorial will be drowned out by the intimate symbolism inside . Thomas Heidenberger said those who lost loved ones in the New York attack still do n't have a memorial -- "  no place to go , have no closure . " He stressed the importance of such sites to families left behind . "  We have a place to go other than a burial plot or a vacant stone in a cemetery , " he said . "  The children who were born to 9/11 moms who do n't have a dad , they have a place to go . And the elderly now have a place to go visit their children , their loved ones . "	Pentagon unveils 9/11 memorial to honor the 184 victims killed there Benches are laid out in a pattern according to the year each victim was born Son visits site with dad to honor his mom : "  I 'm very impressed " Watch 9/11 memorials in New York and Washington on CNN.com Live
CNN  -- When an EF5 tornado touched down in Moore , Oklahoma , this week , Tad Agoglia and his First Response Team of America were stationed at a hotel about 30 miles away , ready to take action . About two hours after the storm hit , they were already on the scene using their specialized equipment to dig through the rubble at Plaza Towers Elementary School . "  We were digging up an area of the school we thought there could be some young children trapped , " said Agoglia , a 2008 CNN Hero . "  Seeing the desks , pieces of paper children had written on , it just stopped me in my tracks , and it reminded me of why I do what I do every day . " In the last six years , Agoglia 's group has responded to more than 50 large-scale disasters , including the 2010 earthquake in Haiti and Hurricane Sandy in New York . The group owns cranes to lift heavy debris , and it has plasma cutters that can slice through steel beams and concrete . Agoglia said that when he and his team arrived in Moore , they knew immediately that there would be an enormous need . They plan to stay and help as many people as they can over the next several weeks before hurricane season gets into full swing . Another group founded by a CNN Hero , the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation , has also been helping in the recovery efforts . It mobilized 10 teams of dogs and their handlers to search for survivors buried in the rubble . "  This tornado showed us nature 's rage at its worst , " said Wilma Melville , a 2011 CNN Hero . She said her team "  specifically placed four teams in Oklahoma City and four in Tulsa , Oklahoma , so that they would be near areas of anticipated tornado activity . Speedy search capability is a wonderful asset . " The teams searched schools , homes and a bowling alley leveled by the storm , which led one handler to text when he arrived on scene : "  Devastation . Near tears . " Also helping out is Team Rubicon , a group of military veterans who work together to help communities hit by natural disasters . Founded by 2012 CNN Hero Jake Wood , it has 30 members on the ground now and is mobilizing hundreds more from across the country . "  This is every bit as bad as Joplin , " said Wood , referring to the Missouri tornado from May 2011 . "  Many of our volunteers were at Joplin almost exactly two years ago , and many of us thought we 'd never see that level of destruction again . " Larger crews will arrive in Moore on Saturday to help with recovery efforts , including cleaning up debris and fixing homes . Wood anticipates having about 250 veterans helping over the next several weeks . Want to get involved ? Click here to find out ways you can help the victims in Moore .	A trio of CNN Heroes are helping the recovery efforts in Moore , Oklahoma Tad Agoglia and his group brought specialized equipment to dig through the rubble Wilma Melville 's organization provided search dogs to look for survivors Jake Wood has mobilized a team of military veterans to help families rebuild
CNN  -- The Dalai Lama Friday rejected a series of allegations from the Chinese government , saying he does not seek the separation of Tibet and has no desire to "  sabotage " the Olympic games . Chinese authorities have blamed followers of the Dalai Lama for instigating the unrest that has swept Tibet . Issuing a statement while traveling in New Delhi , India , the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists called on China "  to exercise wisdom and to initiate a meaningful dialogue with the Tibetan people . " Beijing has blamed the Dalai Lama and his followers for violence that erupted amid protests for Tibetan independence earlier this month , but China has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the protests that began peacefully . President Bush said Friday he "  urged restraint " during a phone conversation with Chinese President Hu Jintao earlier this week , and noted "  that it 's in his country 's interest " for the government to have representatives "  sit down again with representatives of the Dalai Lama . " Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , appearing with Bush at the White House , also called for meetings between the two sides . "  It 's absolutely clear that there are human rights abuses in Tibet . That 's clear-cut . We need to be up-front and absolutely straight about what 's going on . Should n't shilly-shally about it , " Rudd said . Tibet 's government in exile has said the death toll from the protests has reached about 140 over the past two weeks , but China 's government restrictions have made it difficult to confirm that number . Chinese authorities put the death toll at 19 and said most of those killed were "  innocent victims " -- Han Chinese targeted by Tibetans . "  I am deeply saddened by the loss of life in the recent tragic events . I am aware that some Chinese have also died . I feel for the victims and their families and pray for them , " the Dalai Lama said in his written statement Friday . He added that there is an "  urgent need to seek a peaceful and mutually beneficial solution through dialogue . Even at this juncture I have expressed my willingness to the Chinese authorities to work together to bring about peace and stability . " He noted repeatedly that he is not a "  separatist . " "  Chinese brothers and sisters , I assure you I have no desire to seek Tibet 's separation . Nor do I have any wish to drive a wedge between the Tibetan and Chinese peoples , " he wrote . Instead , protesters seek "  meaningful self-rule " while remaining a part of China , he added . And , he said , "  despite my repeated support for the Beijing Olympics , the Chinese authorities , with the intention of creating a rift between the Chinese people and myself , the Chinese authorities assert that I am trying to sabotage the games . " The protests -- which began on the 49th anniversary of a failed Tibetan uprising -- have threatened to overshadow Beijing 's role as host of the Summer Olympic Games in August . In his statement , the Dalai Lama complained the Chinese state-run media 's coverage "  of the recent events in Tibet , using deceit and distorted images , could sow the seeds of racial tension with unpredictable long-term consequences . This is of grave concern to me . " China 's state-run media , however , have accused some Western news agencies -- including CNN -- of distorting coverage of the riots to make China look bad and the protesters look like innocent victims . A headline Friday on the English Web site of China 's official Xinhua news agency read " ` Anti-CNN ' Web site reflects Chinese people 's condemnation . " The article offered a link to a site in which Chinese bloggers criticize CNN 's coverage . In a statement , CNN said , "  We have provided comprehensive coverage of all sides of this story , " adding that the network 's "  reputation is based on reporting global news accurately and impartially . " Read the full statement Earlier this week , China offered some media organizations -- not including CNN -- a carefully managed tour of Tibet 's capital , but ran into a public-relations roadblock when a group of Buddhist monks began screaming protests at a holy shrine . E-mail to a friend	Dalai Lama : "  I have no desire to seek Tibet 's separation " Dalai Lama : Protesters seek "  meaningful self-rule " while remaining a part of China Violence erupted amid protests for Tibetan independence earlier this month Bush says he "  urged restraint " during a phone call with China 's president
CNN  -- The leader of a shuttering Ohio coal mining operation on Friday blamed the Obama administration for the shutdown and for hurting the economy generally with he called a "  war on coal , " an assertion the White House pushed back on as false and misleading . OhioAmerican Energy , which is a subsidiary of Murray Energy Corporation , issued a statement announcing its coal mining operations near Brilliant , in southeastern Ohio , would be closing five years earlier than expected . Its founder , Robert Murray , personally went to tell the operation 's employees there that they were being laid off . The company said that the operation employed 239 people "  at its peak , " though there were no firm numbers as to the number that lost their jobs Friday beyond that 32 would be reassigned to other positions . Company leaders -- who have been donors to Republicans -- claimed the "  regulatory actions by President Barack Obama and his appointees and followers  are  the entire reason " for the closure . In fact , they predicted more layoffs to come unless there is a major shift in the political landscape . In Ohio , swing state politics have real-life impact "  There will be additional layoffs , not only at Murray Energy , but also throughout the United States coal industry due to Mr. Obama 's ` war on coal ' and the destruction that it has caused so many jobs and families in the Ohio Valley area and elsewhere , " Murray said . Yet White House spokesman Clark Stevens rebutted that view , pointing to "  flexibilities for clean coal standards over the last three years " and the fact U.S. coal production is on the upswing . There were more U.S. coal miners working this year , for instance , than any year since 1997 and U.S. coal exports rose 31 % over the previous year , he said . "  The president has made clear that coal has an important role in our energy economy today , and it will in the future , " Stevens said . "  That  is why the administration has worked to make sure that , moving forward , we can continue to rely on a broad range of domestic energy sources from oil to gas , to wind and solar , to nuclear , as well as clean coal . " Ohio is considered a key swing state in this fall 's presidential election , in which Obama faces presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney . By the numbers : Why Ohio matters Top Murray Energy officials had made their allegiances clear before the announcement : Murray , the corporation 's CEO , is a major GOP donor having donated more than $ 150,000 to Republicans in 2012 alone , and Murray Energy 's political action committee has similarly given Republicans upwards of $ 100,000 in the past year . Stanley Piasecki , the superintendent of the closing OhioAmerican Energy coal mine , claimed Thursday that Obama and Vice President Joe Biden both intend to "  destroy so many lives and family livelihoods in this area for no benefit whatsoever . " Yet Brandon Unklesbay , the manager of Southeastern Equipment in Brilliant , said he did n't believe the coal mining operations closure will negatively impact the area or its businesses . "  It 's not going to hurt my business , " Unklesbay said . David Celebrezze , director of Air and Water Special Projects with the environmental group the Ohio Environmental Council , said that he and his group favor clean energy measures and curing what he described as Ohio 's addiction to coal . Many of the coal-related regulations being enforced now , he said , are "  not really new " -- having been passed , in some form , in 1990 as part of the Clean Air Act . Rather than pay lobbyists to fight such rules or to inject themselves into the 2012 presidential race , Celebrezze said he 'd prefer that utilities focus first on "  cleaning up their act " so that residents can breathe , and live , better . "  We do n't think that public health should be used as a political football , " he said . Obama campaign sues over Ohio 's cutoff date for early voting Obama blasts Romney tax plan in Ohio CNN 's Maxwell Caron , Adam Aigner-Treworgy and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	OhioAmerican Energy 's coal mining operation near Brilliant , Ohio , is shuttering 5 years early Obama 's regulatory actions are "  the entire reason " for the closure , the company says The White House denies a "  war on coal , " noting recent jumps in coal production and exports "  Public health should  not  be used as a political football , " an environmentalist says
CNN  -- Israel "  has never negotiated the exchange of nuclear weapons with South Africa , " its president 's office said Monday , after a British newspaper claimed such talks had taken place . The Guardian published what it said were previously secret South African documents saying the two countries ' defense ministers had discussed the possible Israeli sale of nuclear weapons to the apartheid-era state in 1975 . The newspaper said the documents were the first written proof that Israel had nuclear weapons . Israel has always refused either to confirm or deny that . But Monday , President Shimon Peres ' office issued a statement saying , "  There exists no basis in reality for the claims published this morning by the Guardian that in 1975 Israel negotiated with South Africa the exchange of nuclear weapons . "  Unfortunately , The Guardian elected to write its piece based on the selective interpretation of South African documents and not on concrete facts , " the statement said . Peres was defense minister at the time of the alleged negotiations , and the Guardian says his signature is on one of the memos . Part of that memo has been blacked out , but a part that is visible mentions "  all information , know-how and materials , " then has several words blacked out , followed by "  schematics , plans and drawings supplied or transmitted ... in the course of negotiations or in pursuance of any of the aforesaid agreements . " Much of the rest of the visible part of the document is about keeping the agreement secret . It makes reference to an "  Annex A , " which does not appear in the Guardian article . The document , posted with others on the Guardian 's website , is apparently signed by South African Defense Minister PW Botha and dated April 3 , 1975 . A signature appearing to be Peres ' is not dated . The document is stamped "  Top Secret " and "  Declassified 2006-05-30 . " Another memo , apparently bearing Peres ' signature and published on Israeli Ministry of Defense stationery , thanks South African Information Secretary E.M. Rhoodie for his "  great efforts " in ensuring successful meetings between Israel and South Africa in December 1974 . The document says a "  vitally important cooperation between our two countries has been initiated , " but does not go into details . A third document purports to detail talks between Botha and Peres . Botha asks for "  the correct payload " and Peres tells him it is "  available in three sizes , " according to the South African minutes of the meeting . The documents -- all South African -- were obtained by a researcher , Sasha Polakow-Suransky , for a book on the close relationship between the two countries , the Guardian says in its article by Washington correspondent Chris McGreal . The book , "  The Unspoken Alliance : Israel 's Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa , " is due to be published Tuesday , according to Amazon.com . Israel said the newspaper did not seek Israeli official comment before publishing the article . Israel has long been assumed to have about 200 nuclear warheads .	Paper claims defense ministers discussed nuclear weapons deal in 1975 Israel says it has "  never negotiated " nuclear weapons sales with South Africa UK 's Guardian says documents are first written proof that Israel has nuclear weapons
Havana  CNN  -- The death toll from a batch of poisoned , bootleg rum climbed to nine people , Cuban state TV said Thursday . Another 59 people were still hospitalized from drinking the toxic liquor , and five were released after treatment , a government newscaster said . Late Monday , Havana hospitals were flooded with people complaining of dizziness and stomach ailments , a statement from the provincial public safety office said . Authorities said they appeared to have consumed a black-market rum brewed with toxic methyl alcohol , commonly found in varnishes and anti-freeze . On a Cuban state TV newscast , doctors said most of the patients were slowly recovering , including those who had temporarily lost their vision from drinking the poisoned rum . "  The vomiting has stopped and so has the great sickness they felt , " said Dr. Efren Acosta . But Acosta said many patients still suffered from dizziness . Patients interviewed by Cuban state media said they experienced blurred vision and nausea after one drink of what they described as an acrid tasting liquid . They said they sought treatment upon hearing that neighbors and friends had fallen ill . "  I could n't see , " Sandy Pons told Cuban government television . "  It was all foggy . The headaches and dizziness are gone now . " According to the provincial public safety office , investigators traced the illegal alcohol sales to two workers for the government Pharmacy and Foods Institute . Authorities accuse them of stealing the chemicals from a government warehouse . The workers provided the chemicals to a woman who brewed the alcohol and sold it in her neighborhood , the public safety office said . Cuban authorities have not said what charges the people involved in producing the liquor could face , but Cuban President Raul Castro last month called for a greater crackdown on corruption and black market activities .	Poisoned rum brewed in Havana neighborhood claims nine lives , state media say Investigators trace the poison to two state workers , public safety office says The chemical , methyl alcohol , is commonly found in varnishes and anti-freeze
Scott Brown , the former senator from Massachusetts who moved to New Hampshire to run in a more friendly environment , appears to be in a dead heat with Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , a new poll shows . A CNN/ORC International poll out Monday finds Shaheen and Brown tied among likely voters , with both obtaining the support of 48 % among 735 voters surveyed . A close race could mean bad news for Democrats , who are struggling to maintain control of the Senate . Keeping the seat in the Democratic column is crucial if the party want to maintain a slim majority in the Senate . One thing working in Shaheen 's favor is her high favorable ratings . More than half of likely voters -- 54 % -- have a favorable view of the first-term incumbent , while Brown 's favorability is not as high . His rating currently sits at 46 % . What could be a drag on Shaheen , however , is New Hampshire residents ' opinion of the leader of her party . Thirty-eight percent of New Hampshire adults polled approve of the job President Barack Obama is doing , while 60 % disapprove . Throughout the campaign , Brown has sought to tie Shaheen to Obama . The poll has a margin of error of plus or 3.5 percentage points . Paul , Clinton top presidential poll in New Hampshire	Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and GOP 's Scott Brown are tied among likely voters , poll says Close race for New Hampshire Senate seat could be bad news for Democrats
NEW YORK  CNN  -- His was one of the first photos of a missing child to appear on a milk carton . Almost 30 years later , Etan Patz is still missing . Etan Patz , 6 , disappeared while walking to a school bus stop . It was the first time he 'd gone alone . Etan was 6 when he disappeared on May 25 , 1979 , the Friday before Memorial Day . He was on his way to school in what is now the upscale Soho neighborhood of New York . It was the first time he 'd walked to the bus stop by himself . It was just a few blocks away . Etan , like any 6-year-old , argued that all of his friends walked to the bus stop alone , and his parents relented . His mother , Julie Patz , learned that Etan had n't been in classes when he failed to return home . She called the school at 3:30 p.m. , then called the homes of all his friends . When no one had seen Etan , she called police and filed a missing person 's report . By evening more than 100 police officers and searchers had gathered with bloodhounds . The search continued for weeks , but no clues to Etan 's whereabouts were found . Watch an update on the case " The boy 's disappearance was one of the key events that inspired the missing children 's movement , which raised awareness of child abductions and led to new ways to search for missing children . Etan 's case was the first of the milk carton campaigns of the mid-1980s . "  In our minds there were only two possibilities , " said Stan Patz , the boy 's father . "  Either Etan was taken by a stranger and killed or he was taken by a very sad woman desperate for a child of her own , and we hoped that such a woman would at least take care of him and keep him safe . " Patz lived with this hope until 1982 , when he learned of Jose Antonio Ramos ' arrest and the surprising connection between him and a former babysitter of Etan 's . Ramos was a drifter who in 1979 lived in Alphabet City , a neighborhood not far from Soho . In 1982 he was arrested after boys in a neighborhood in the Bronx complained that he had stolen their book bags while trying to coax them into a drainpipe under a bridge , where he lived , said the Patzes and federal prosecutor Stuart GraBois , who spent years investigating the case . When police found Ramos in his drainpipe home , they found he had many photographs of small blond boys . They noticed that they looked a lot like Etan Patz , according to author Lisa R Cohen 's book about the case , "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case that Held America Captive . " Bronx police questioned Ramos , and he denied having anything to do with Etan 's disappearance . But he did tell police that his girlfriend used to baby-sit for the boy , GraBois said . Prosecutors in the Bronx and Manhattan pursued this lead , but concluded they did not have enough evidence to connect Ramos to Etan 's disappearance , GraBois and a spokesperson for the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office said . Ramos was released when the parents of the Bronx boys chose not to press charges against him , according to published reports . He left town and disappeared for six years -- until GraBois reviewed Etan 's case . GraBois said he focused on Ramos as the prime suspect . GraBois said he learned in 1988 that Ramos had been arrested and convicted of child molestation and was serving time in a Pennsylvania prison . GraBois said he brought Ramos to New York for questioning and surprised him with the question : "  How many times did you have sex with Etan Patz ? " Ramos told GraBois that he 'd taken a little boy to an apartment he had on the lower East Side on the same day that Etan went missing . "  He was 90 percent sure it was the same he 'd seen in the news that was missing , " GraBois said . According to GraBois , Ramos claimed he released the boy and brought him to a subway station so the boy could go visit his aunt in Washington Heights . "  Etan did not have an aunt in Washington Heights , " GraBois said . When questioned further , Ramos refused to say anything more and asked for a lawyer , according to GraBois . Ramos is serving a 10 - to 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania . He is scheduled to be released in November 2012 , GraBois said . GraBois said he had Ramos transferred to a federal prison , and planted informants as his cell mates . He would n't go into detail about what Ramos might have told them , but said he 's convinced he 's eyeing the right suspect . GraBois turned over his evidence to the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office , but prosecutors have not brought charges . They say that without a body , they do n't have enough evidence . Etan 's case is still considered by the NYPD to be a cold case . Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Etan Patz or that leads to the arrest and conviction of the individual responsible for his disappearance is asked to call the FBI/NYPD Etan Patz hotline : 212-384-2200 .	Boy , 6 , begged his parents to let him walk to school bus stop for first time He never showed up at school in Manhattan 's Soho neighborhood Etan Patz disappeared on May 25 , 1979 Know something ? Call the FBI/NYPD Etan Patz hotline : 212-384-2200
CNN  -- A security test at NASA 's Glenn Research Center caused a brief incident Friday after unconfirmed reports of a gunman in the facility became public . There never was a gunman and no one was in danger at the 350-acre research facility next to Cleveland Hopkins International Airport in Ohio , according to NASA spokeswoman Katherine Trinidad . Trinidad had initially relayed unconfirmed reports of a gunman in the facility . NASA spokeswoman Lisa Malone at the Kennedy Space Center said NASA offices nationwide were unaware of the security exercise . The center , named for former astronaut and Sen. John Glenn of Ohio , is involved in research on a variety of NASA projects . It most recently was a lead center for research on a proposed rocket and spacecraft system to carry astronauts back to the moon . About 3,000 people work at the center , according to the NASA website . In April 2007 , a NASA engineer shot and killed another engineer and then turned the gun on himself at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . In that incident , NASA officials identified the shooter as Bill Phillips , a contract employee , and the dead victim as David Beverly , a NASA employee . Houston Police Chief Harold Hurtt said that there apparently had been "  some kind of dispute " between Beverly and Phillips .	NEW : All clear sounded at NASA 's Glenn Research Center NEW : The scare was part of a security exercise The Glenn Research Center contains at least 500 test and research facilities on 350 acres
CNN  -- The guns that have ravaged much of Syria since March 2011 may fall silent Friday , now that Syria 's government has agreed to a cease-fire . Syria 's government and its main rebel force , the Free Syrian Army , said Thursday they would halt military operations during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha , which runs from Friday to Monday . But the terms of Syria 's agreement have raised skepticism among some observers : Damascus reserves the right to respond to "  terrorist " attacks , including bombings , as well as "  terrorists " trying to reinforce their positions ; and to protect neighboring borders crossed by "  terrorists . " On the rebel side , a top Free Syrian Army general said his fighters had agreed to halt military operations if the Syrian government were to do so as well . But he said he doubted that the truce would hold . Syria 's rebel opposition is fractured , and Gen. Mustafa al-Sheikh noted that some rebel groups have not agreed to halt operations . The United States and the United Nations , which helped negotiate the truce through U.N.-Arab League special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi , welcomed the news , despite the uncertainty . Barbara Walters says she regrets trying to help Syrian aide "  What we are hoping and expecting is that they will not just talk the talk of cease-fire , but they will walk the walk -- beginning with the regime , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . At the United Nations , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  welcomes the reported announcements , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters . "  Obviously , the world is now watching to see what will happen on Friday morning , " he said . "  We can not be sure yet what will transpire , but the hope is that the guns will fall silent for the people of Syria so that they will have peace and quiet during this holy holiday . " U.N. humanitarian workers , working with the Syrian Arab Red Crescent , are on standby to provide aid to areas that have not been easily accessible , he said . Opposition forces said government troops struck rebel targets Thursday in the war 's major hot spots , particularly in Aleppo , Syria 's most populous city . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported violence in Homs and Deir Ezzor . At least 106 people were killed Thursday amid fighting and shelling nationwide , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . At least 36 of them died in Damascus and its suburbs and 33 in Aleppo . Rebels expressed skepticism over the truce . "  They have betrayed us many times and they do not care if it is Eid or anything else , they will continue to kill , " said Abdualla Yasin , the rebel Free Syrian Army spokesman in Aleppo . Eid al-Adha is a major holiday on the Muslim calendar . It is described as a joyous time of peace as the faithful celebrate the end of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia . The government touted several goodwill efforts Thursday leading to its announcement that it will stop fighting . State-run TV aired footage of men walking out of a prison -- part of a government amnesty program , a commentator said . The release comes a week after rebel fighters told Al Jazeera news agency that they would agree to a proposed cease-fire only if the government were to release detainees , end a siege in the city of Homs and halt aerial attacks . As the cease-fire was announced , rebels reported strategic military advances in the city of Aleppo . Syria cease-fire : Could it really happen ? The rebel spokesman singled out Aleppo 's Kurdish community for permitting the presence of rebels in their neighborhoods . Much of the opposition is Sunni Arab , and rebels said they were heartened to receive support from all groups in the diverse society . "  We were welcomed by the Kurds because people believe the FSA will liberate Syria , " Yasin said . "  Every small gain brings us closer to victory . The FSA was also happy to unite another facet of Syrian society under the FSA umbrella . " Previous truces have failed to take hold in Syria , which has been wracked by civil war since March 2011 . In April , a cease-fire lasted barely a day before the killing resumed . In total , more than 32,000 Syrians have died since the conflict began , opposition activists say . A spokesman for the Syrian National Council , an opposition coalition , said the truce is an attempt by President Bashar al-Assad to buy time . "  The whole world knows that the Syrian regime can not be trusted and does n't have any credibility in fulfilling any promise that they make to anyone , " said George Sabra , a Paris-based spokesman for the Syrian National Council , which speaks for rebels fighting al-Assad . "  The Assad regime is trying a diversion . " It 's foolish to expect a total cease-fire , said Aram Nerguizian , a Middle East expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . A cease-fire in this context is about a larger goal of getting most rebel brigades and al-Assad forces to halt or reduce the killing . The rebels themselves are partly to blame for the failure of this spring 's cease-fire , Nerguizian said . They have been just as vicious in their killing as al-Assad 's forces , he said . But getting them to work together and resist the urge to fight , he said , is unrealistic . Meanwhile , the United Nations ' investigation into alleged war crimes in Syria is moving forward . The Geneva-based U.N. commission investigating war crimes announced Thursday it has requested a meeting with al-Assad to discuss gaining access to Syria for the team . 5 things you need to know about Lebanon and Syria Carla del Ponte , who once served as prosecutor for the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , is part of the commission . Noted for her investigation of war crimes in the Balkans in the 1990s , she cited similarities with past probes . "  The similarity is , of course , we are handling the same crimes , crimes against humanity and war crimes for sure , " she said . The Syrian government 's isolation continued to grow . In Jedda , Saudi authorities announced the deportation of three staff members of the Syrian Consulate General , the official Saudi Press Agency said Thursday . The move was taken because "  authorities have concluded that their behaviors are incompatible with their consular duties and assignments , " it said . Attack at Syria funeral : ` Children 's bodies were maimed and burnt ' CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Holly Yan , and Hamdi Alkhshali and Journalist Ammar Cheikh Omar contributed to this report .	NEW : Saudi Arabia deports three Syrian diplomats Under pressure , the government announces the release of some detainees The cease-fire would extend to Monday
When Procter & Gamble shut down some access to the Internet this week , it was n't to keep employees from messing around on Facebook or crafting personal e-mails on company time . Instead , it was to get them to quit sucking up the company 's Web bandwidth by listening to music and watching movies . In a memo Tuesday , the company , which sells everything from Tide detergent to Pringles to Duracell batteries , told its 129,000 employees they can no longer use music-streaming site Pandora or movie site Netflix at work . "  We are one of the more lenient companies in terms of providing access to the internet , but there are some sites which do n't serve a specific business purpose -- in this case , Netflix and Pandora , " Procter & Gamble spokesman Paul Fox said in an e-mail . "  They are both great sites , but if you want to download movies or music , do it on your own time . " According to the memo , an internal report found that P&G employees were watching 50,000 five-minute YouTube videos and listening to 4,000 hours of music on Pandora on a typical day . At one point , the company 's Web capacity was overtaxed , "  requiring immediate interaction , " the memo said . Since the company uses YouTube as a tool to sell its products , Netflix was banned instead in the effort to free up bandwidth . Since the dawn of the Internet age , companies have struggled with how to handle personal computer use while employees are on the clock . It 's not rare for companies , both large and small , to ban some or all personal Internet and even e-mail use . But as more and more businesses need Web access to function  and as web content becomes more data-intensive  , many are struggling with a so-called bandwidth "  spectrum crunch . " Wireless carriers are also struggling with the issue . The growth of the smartphone and tablet markets have dramatically increased the amount of data being accessed at any given time . Global mobile data traffic is just about doubling every year and will continue to do so through at least 2016 , according to Cisco 's Mobile Visual Networking Index , the industry 's most comprehensive annual study . Steve Feller , a steering committee member of an IT professional group in Cincinnati  where Procter & Gamble is based  told the Cincinnati Enquirer that social networking and other personal computer use has become a serious concern at some companies , threatening to slow the flow of data . "  Effective IT leaders need to address this within their companies now , " said Feller . "  It is not something to be ignored . " But it 's not just employees . Companies themselves are using the web more . The rise of cloud computing means that a lot of data that once would have been stored internally is being accessed from the web , sometimes multiple times in a day . "  As P&G drives to become one of the most digitally advanced companies in the world , more and more of our business processes , applications and systems are being web enabled , " Fox said in the e-mail . "  That in turn makes bandwidth capacity and availability even more critical . " Ad Age notes that Netflix and Pandora competitors -- such as Spotify , Hulu and Vudu -- are n't blocked , although the company says Tuesday 's move may just be a first step .	Procter & Gamble bans Pandora , Netflix for its 129,000 employees Company : Audit showed tens of thousands of minutes on the sites each day As mobile and cloud computing expand , bandwidth has grown more precious
Last month 's Supreme Court decision in the landmark Arizona immigration case was groundbreaking for what it omitted : the words "  illegal immigrants " and "  illegal aliens , " except when quoting other sources . The court 's nonjudgmental language established a humanistic approach to our current restructuring of immigration policy . When you label someone an "  illegal alien " or "  illegal immigrant " or just plain "  illegal , " you are effectively saying the individual , as opposed to the actions the person has taken , is unlawful . The terms imply the very existence of an unauthorized migrant in America is criminal . In this country , there is still a presumption of innocence that requires a jury to convict someone of a crime . If you do n't pay your taxes , are you an illegal ? What if you get a speeding ticket ? A murder conviction ? No . You 're still not an illegal . Even alleged terrorists and child molesters are n't labeled illegals . By becoming judge , jury and executioner , you dehumanize the individual and generate animosity toward them . New York Times editorial writer Lawrence Downes says "  illegal " is often "  a code word for racial and ethnic hatred . " The term "  illegal immigrant " was first used in 1939 as a slur by the British toward Jews who were fleeing the Nazis and entering Palestine without authorization . Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel aptly said that "  no human being is illegal . " Navarrette : "  Illegal immigrant " is the uncomfortable truth Migrant workers residing unlawfully in the U.S. are not -- and never have been -- criminals . They are subject to deportation , through a civil administrative procedure that differs from criminal prosecution , and where judges have wide discretion to allow certain foreign nationals to remain here . News : For immigrants and opponents , court 's ruling hits their real lives Another misconception is that the vast majority of migrant workers currently out of status sneak across our southern border in the middle of the night . Actually , almost half enter the U.S. with a valid tourist or work visa and overstay their allotted time . Many go to school , find a job , get married and start a family . And some even join the Marine Corps , like Lance Cpl. Jose Gutierrez , who was the first combat veteran to die in the Iraq War . While he was granted American citizenship posthumously , there are another 38,000 non-citizens in uniform , including undocumented immigrants , defending our country . Justice Anthony Kennedy , writing for the majority , joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and three other justices , stated : "  As a general rule , it is not a crime for a removable alien to remain present in the United States . " The court also ruled that it was not a crime to seek or engage in unauthorized employment . As Kennedy explained , removal of an unauthorized migrant is a civil matter where even if the person is out of status , federal officials have wide discretion to determine whether deportation makes sense . For example , if an unauthorized person is trying to support his family by working or has "  children born in the United States , long ties to the community , or a record of distinguished military service , " officials may let him stay . Also , if individuals or their families might be politically persecuted or harmed upon return to their country of origin , they may also remain in the United States . While the Supreme Court has chosen language less likely to promote hatred and divisiveness , journalists continue using racially offensive language . University of Memphis journalism professor Thomas Hrach conducted a study of 122,000 news stories published between 2000 and 2010 , to determine which terms are being used to describe foreign nationals in the U.S. who are out of status . He found that 89 % of the time during this period , journalists used the biased terms "  illegal immigrant " and "  illegal alien . " Hrach discovered that there was a substantial increase in the use of the term "  illegal immigrant , " which he correlated back to the Associated Press Stylebook 's decision in 2004 to recommend "  illegal immigrant " to its members .  It 's the preferred term at CNN and The New York Times as well .  The AP Stylebook is the decisive authority on word use at virtually all mainstream daily newspapers , and it 's used by editors at television , radio and electronic news media . According to the AP , this term is "  accurate and neutral . " For the AP to claim that "  illegal immigrant " is "  accurate and neutral " is like Moody 's giving Bernie Madoff 's hedge fund a triple-A rating for safety and creditworthiness . It 's almost as if the AP were following the script of pollster and Fox News contributor Frank Luntz , considered the foremost GOP expert on crafting the perfect conservative political message . In 2005 , he produced a 25-page secret memorandum that would radically alter the immigration debate to distort public perception of the issue . The secret memorandum almost perfectly captures Mitt Romney 's position on immigration -- along with that of every anti-immigrant politician and conservative pundit . For maximum impact , Luntz urges Republicans to offer fearful rhetoric : "  This is about overcrowding of YOUR schools , emergency room chaos in YOUR hospitals , the increase in YOUR taxes , and the crime in YOUR communities . " He also encourages them to talk about "  border security , " because after 9/11 , this "  argument does well among all voters -- even hardcore Democrats , " as it conjures up the specter of terrorism . George Orwell 's classic "  Nineteen Eighty-Four " shows how even a free society is susceptible to manipulation by overdosing on worn-out prefabricated phrases that convert people into lifeless dummies , who become easy prey for the political class . News : For immigrant graduates , a ` leap of faith has been answered , ' educator says In "  Nineteen Eighty-Four , " Orwell creates a character named Syme who I find eerily similar to Luntz . Syme is a fast-talking word genius in the research department of the Ministry of Truth . He invents doublespeak for Big Brother and edits the Newspeak Dictionary by destroying words that might lead to "  thoughtcrimes . " Section B contains the doublespeak words with political implications that will spread in speakers ' minds like a poison . In Luntz 's book "  Words That Work , " Appendix B lists "  The 21 Political Words and Phrases You Should Never Say Again . " For example , destroy "  undocumented worker " and instead say "  illegal immigrant , " because "  the label " you use "  determines the attitudes people have toward them . " And the poison is effective . Surely it 's no coincidence that in 2010 , hate crimes against Latinos made up 66 % of the violence based on ethnicity , up from 45 % in 2009 , according to the FBI . In his essay "  Politics and the English Language , " Orwell warned that one must be constantly on guard against a ready-made phrase that "  anaesthetizes a portion of one 's brain . " But Orwell also wrote that "  from time to time one can even , if one jeers loudly enough , send some worn-out and useless phrase ... into the dustbin , where it belongs " -- just like the U.S. Supreme Court did . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Charles Garcia : Supreme Court majority was wise to avoid term "  illegal immigrant " The term suggests that individuals , rather than actions , are unlawful , he says He says foreign nationals residing unlawfully in the U.S. are not criminals Repetition of phrases like "  illegal immigrant " is like a poison that infects society , Garcia says
Yemen 's human rights minister wants child marriage outlawed after an 8-year-old girl reportedly died of internal injuries that she suffered on her wedding night . When reports emerged last week that a girl named Rawan , from the northern Yemeni town of Haradh , died a few days after being married off to a 40-year-old man , Yemenis were horrified . International outrage quickly grew , as the alleged incident highlighted once again the extremely controversial issue of child marriage in Yemen -- a country where the practice is still legal . Residents of Haradh told local media outlets that Rawan 's cause of death was internal bleeding , believed to be the result of sexual intercourse that tore her uterus and other organs . Local officials , however , have denied the story is true . Amidst the numerous claims and counterclaims , Hooria Mashhour , Yemen 's human rights minister , has declared enough is enough -- telling CNN that the growing anger over Rawan 's case has presented Yemen with an opportunity to finally do the right thing . Yemeni girl from YouTube wants education , not marriage "  This is n't the first time a child marriage has happened in Yemen , so we should not focus only on this case , " Mashhour said . "  Many child marriages take place every year in Yemen . It 's time to end this practice . " "  I personally have  talked to  the human rights coordinator for the ministry on the ground in Haradh , " said Mashhour , "  and he informed me that nearly everyone he spoke to is denying the story , but he feels strongly suspicious . We feel people may be hiding information due to fear . " CNN spoke with several locals who requested anonymity , as they feared possible reprisals . Many said they 'd been ordered to stop discussing the case with the media , insisting officials there were actively downplaying what had happened . "  No one is talking about this story because its an embarrassment , " said one resident , "  but this is what poverty can do to people . " Photos : Trading childhood for marriage Many Yemenis say they are forced to sell off their girls to older , wealthier men . Mohammed Ahmed , head of Haradh 's police department , called the reports "  baseless . " "  Residents heard this story from one another and it spread very quickly , like a rumor , " Ahmed said -- adding that Rawan 's father had been called into the town 's police station for questioning and had denied the incident . "  When he came to us he brought a little girl with him who he said was Rawan to prove his case , and they were both photographed together by the police , " Ahmed said . Yemeni child rights advocate Ahmed Al-Qureshi told CNN he 's been investigating the case for more than a week and there 's still a lot of confusion surrounding what exactly happened . He 's demanding more transparency from officials . Married at 13 to a man in his 70s "  The government is informing us that the Rawan is in their custody and still alive , while other local sources are saying that she was secretly buried , " said Al-Qureshi , who heads up Seyaj , one of Yemen 's leading children 's rights groups . "  The government is refusing to allow us to visit the girl in their custody , " he said . "  The evidence we have now can not prove that Rawan was killed , and that is why we need the government 's cooperation . " In Yemen , deeply tribal and conservative , the issue of child marriage is an extremely complicated one . According to rights group Human Rights Watch , more than half of all young girls there are married before age 18 . About 14 % of girls in Yemen are married before age 15 . In the wake of Rawan 's case , the group issued a statement urging Yemen to "  protect its girls from the devastating effects of early marriage by setting 18 as the minimum age for marriage by law . " HRW added that "  the current political transition and drafting process for a new constitution offer a unique opportunity for the Yemeni government to enact laws protecting the rights of girls . " "  Thousands of Yemeni girls have their childhood stolen and their futures destroyed because they are forced to marry too young , " said Liesl Gerntholtz , HRW 's women 's rights director . "  The Yemeni government should end this abusive practice . " In 2009 , Yemen 's parliament passed legislation raising the minimum age of marriage to 17 . But conservative parliamentarians argued the bill violated Islamic law , which does not stipulate a minimum age of marriage , and the bill was never signed . Activist groups and politicians are still trying change the law , but more than 100 leading religious clerics have said restricting the age of marriage is "  un-Islamic . " Over the last few years , several Yemeni child bride cases have emerged that have shocked the world . In 2008 , 10-year-old Nujood Ali became a heroine to Yemeni girls and an international sensation when she went to a court in Sanaa and asked a judge for a divorce . After a highly publicized trial , she was granted one . In 2010 , a 12-year-old Yemeni bride died of internal bleeding following intercourse three days after she was married off to an older man , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund . Over the summer , an 11-year-old Yemeni girl named Nada Al-Ahdal became an internet sensation when a video of her accusing her parents of trying to marry her off in exchange for money was uploaded to YouTube and quickly went viral . While her parents denied Nada 's story , and child rights activists questioned the veracity of her claims , the video was still viewed by millions of people . Despite repeated attempts , CNN has been unable to reach Rawan 's father for comment . No sanctuary for Syria 's young female refugees	The girl was reportedly married off to a 40-year-old man "  It 's time to end this practice , " minister says Police call the report "  baseless " In Yemen , the issue of child marriage is complicated
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie has beaten some of Tinseltown 's best-known starlets to reclaim the top spot in Forbes ' annual list of highest-paid actresses in Hollywood . Despite her absence from the big screen since starring alongside Johnny Depp in 2010 's "  The Tourist " , Forbes estimates Jolie earned a staggering $ 33 million over the last 12 months . Since taking a break from the big screen , Jolie has turned her efforts to writing , producing and directing her first film "  In the Land of Blood and Honey . " along with the upcoming film "  Unbroken . " In 2011 , she voiced the character of Tigress in "  Kung Fu Panda 2 , " a box office hit generating $ 165.2 million worldwide , according to boxofficemojo.com . Box office glory Unsurprisingly , thanks to her Academy Award success in "  Silver Linings Playbook , " Hollywood 's latest "  It Girl " Jennifer Lawrence comes in second with $ 26 million . This year the 22-year-old will return to the very roles that thrust her into the spotlight as Katniss Everdeen in the second installment of the popular "  Hunger Games " film adaptations and the "  X-Men " prequels . The CGI-filled blockbuster franchises continue to be a proven money maker . Kristen Stewart , who earned $ 22 million with the year ending June 2013 , is known to teenagers across the globe as Bella Swan from the highly lucrative "  Twilight Saga . " But with the vampire love story now complete , Stewart has moved on to another female-led franchise and is set to reprise the titular role in "  Snow White and the Huntsman 2 " due for release in 2015 . Leading ladies The "  Snow White " effect also gave America 's original sweetheart Julia Roberts a boost as she earned $ 10 million after starring in "  Mirror Mirror , " another adapted version of the classic German tale . Meanwhile , new entry Emma Stone gave comic book inspired films a whirl by starring in the "  Spiderman " reboot , which mostly accounted for her $ 16 million earnings over the last 12 months . Other familiar stars to grace the top 10 list again include Jennifer Aniston , Sandra Bullock , Natalie Portman and Charlize Theron who were joined by the latest new addition Mila Kunis who snagged the ninth spot with $ 11 million thanks to her blockbuster comedy "  Ted " and hit fantasy prequel "  Oz the Great and Powerful . " Hollywood 's gender pay gap While Hollywood 's leading ladies may earn an impressive salary at first glance , those figures are still far off from what their male counterparts take home . Forbes recently announced "  Iron Man " himself , Robert Downey Jr. earned more than double the amount of Jolie as the top-earning actor in Hollywood after raking in a whopping $ 75 million . Downey was always going to have a good year after starring in Joss Whedon 's comic book character compilation "  The Avengers " -- the third highest-grossing film ever . Since "  Iron Man 3 " opened in May , the film grossed $ 1.2 billion globally making it one of the biggest box office hits of all-time . Compare the highest-paid actresses of Hollywood to Forbes world 's most powerful celebrities list , of which there are six women in the top 10 , Jolie moves much further down to number 41 . Compared with other entertainment industries , Hollywood pay packets are significantly less . Take a look at the full Forbes list below . Forbes ' top 10 highest paid actresses of 2013 1 . Angelina Jolie -- $ 33 million 2 . Jennifer Lawrence -- $ 26 million 3 . Kristen Stewart -- $ 22 million 4 . Jennifer Aniston -- $ 20 million 5 . Emma Stone -- $ 16 million 6 . Charlize Theron -- $ 15 million 7 . Sandra Bullock -- $ 14 million 8 . Natalie Portman -- $ 14 million 9 . Mila Kunis -- $ 11 million 10 . Julia Roberts -- $ 10 million	Angelina Jolie tops annual Forbes list despite a three-year hiatus from the big screen Franchise roles prove to be the biggest box office successes Compared with other entertainment industries , Hollywood pay is significantly less
CNN  -- The dream of a white Christmas was turning into a nightmare for some as forecasters predicted a heavy snowstorm would continue on Friday across parts of the central United States . In Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , where snowfall totals reached about 14 inches , crews were out in full force Friday trying to clear roads , move abandoned cars and rescue motorists , CNN affiliate KOCO-TV in Oklahoma City reported . Officials told KOCO some motorists were still trapped Friday and likely spent the night in their vehicles , though hundreds were rescued and taken to shelters . Forecasters predicted more snow for areas already covered by heavy snowfall Thursday . The National Weather Service said widespread blizzard conditions would continue in North Dakota through Saturday afternoon , with snowfall totals reaching about 14 inches . Interstate 94 was ordered closed at 4 p.m. from the Iowa border to the Canadian border due to zero visibility , drifting snow and severe wind gusts , according to a statement from the North Dakota Department of Transportation . The National Weather Service in Bismarck , North Dakota , urged all drivers to stay off the roads , saying they will be "  difficult if not impossible " to travel on . Blizzard warnings were issued Friday for several counties in Minnesota until 6 p.m. , according to the weather service . Winter storm warnings were also issued for parts of Iowa and north central Wisconsin . In north central Kansas , 2 to 6 inches of snow was expected to fall and 6 to 12 inches could pile up across parts of northeast and east central Kansas . Throughout Minnesota , an additional 1 to 3 inches of snow was expected Friday night , and in the north shore area of Lake Superior , 3 to 6 inches could fall , the weather service said . Snowfall accumulation in Duluth , Minnesota , and Proctor , Minnesota , will reach about 2 feet , the National Weather Service reported . "  The combination of strong winds and falling and blowing snow will cause dangerously low visibility and drifting snow " for Duluth , the weather service reported . More than 100 churches in central Nebraska canceled Christmas services , CNN affiliate KHGI-TV reported . How is the weather where you are ? Send photos , video The decision for safety 's sake could put a serious dent in some churches ' finances . "  The Christmas collection in a parish typically is very important , " the Rev. William Dendinger , the Roman Catholic bishop of Grand Island , Nebraska , told KHGI . "  We hope those people who do n't make it that day will be there New Year 's Eve or New Year 's Day and make those kinds of contributions . " Low visibility and dangerous roads were hallmarks of the storm on Thursday . Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry ordered every state highway , interstate and turnpike closed Thursday night , hours after declaring a statewide emergency because of the major winter storm . At least five people were killed in Oklahoma during the storm on Thursday , CNN affiliate KWTV in Oklahoma City reported . Three people were killed on state roads when they were struck by cars : A Marlow man who was helping another stranded motorist ; a Lawton man who was struck after exiting his vehicle , which had crashed ; and a Seminole man who was struck after his car stalled . KWTV also reported a 79-year-old woman was found dead on her porch Friday morning in Midwest City . Officials told KWTV she may have died from exposure . Treacherous conditions Thursday also caused nearly 50 vehicles to collide in a chain-reaction accident Thursday in Midwest City , KOCO reported . The weather at Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma City , where 13 inches of snow fell on Thursday , forced it to close . It re-opened Friday with one operational runway , according to KWTV . In 106 years , residents of Oklahoma City have awakened to snow six times on Christmas morning , CNN 's Sean Morris said . Watch as snow blankets Oklahoma City Minnesota State Patrol Capt. Matt Langer said while his state was used to bad winter weather , officers were still handling a large number of calls -- upward of 800 on Thursday -- involving crashes and stranded motorists . The inclement weather is the second major storm system to hit the United States in a week . Last weekend , a nor'easter blanketed a swath of the East Coast in snow , forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights . CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Interstate-94 closed from Iowa border to Canadian border because of storm Five Oklahomans killed during storm that dumped 14 inches , CNN affiliate KWTV reports Blizzard warnings issued Friday for several counties in Minnesota National Weather Service says Duluth , Minnesota , may get 2 feet of snow
Washington  CNN  -- The White House confirmed Monday that it has received a letter from 12 Nobel Peace Laureates calling on the U.S. to disclose torture methods allegedly used by American forces following the 9/11 terror attacks on the U.S. Bernadette Meehan , National Security Council Spokesperson , told CNN "  The President believes that the former rendition , detention , and interrogation program was inconsistent with our values as a nation and that public scrutiny , debate , and transparency will help to inform the public 's understanding of the program to ensure that such a program will never be used again . " The letter , signed by Nobel Laureates including South Africa 's Archbishop Bishop Desmond Tutu , and John Hume who helped secure peace in Northern Ireland , calls on the administration to fully disclose , "  the extent and use of torture and rendition by American soldiers , operatives , and contractors , as well as the authorization of torture and rendition by American officials . " The letter also calls for , "  Full verification of the closure and dismantling of ` black sites ' abroad . " The group also asks for a clear plan from the administration to close the detention center at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The Laureates are also asking for the administration to push for the release of a Senate Intelligence report "  that will allow the world to see ... the extent to which their government and its representatives authorized , ordered and inflicted torture on their fellow human beings . " The letter notes that the Laureates have reason to feel strongly about torture , saying , "  Many of us among the Nobel Peace Prize laureates have seen firsthand the effects of the use of torture in our own countries . Some are torture survivors ourselves . Many have also been involved in the process of recovery , of helping to walk our countries and our regions out of the shadows of their own periods of conflict and abuse . " "  It is with this experience that we stand firmly with those Americans who are asking the US to bring its use of torture into the light of day , and for the United States to take the necessary steps to emerge from this dark period of its history , never to return . " The letter continues . "  Torture continues to haunt the waking hours of its victims long after the conflict has passed , so it will continue to haunt its perpetrators . " Meehan points out that one of President Barack Obama 's first acts in office was to sign an executive order which brought an end to the program , which was started under the Bush administration . "  As directed in that Executive Order , individuals detained in any armed conflict shall in all circumstances and in accordance with our international legal obligations be treated humanely , and shall not be subjected to violence to life and person , nor to outrages upon personal dignity , whenever such individuals are in the custody or effective control of the United States , " Meehan said . Meehan tells CNN that the administration has made clear that it believes the Senate Intelligence report on the former rendition and interrogation program should be declassified , but with "  appropriate redactions necessary to protect national security . " Meehan also points out that the White House rarely responds to public inquiries about correspondence the President receives .	Twelve Nobel Peace Prize laureates wrote the White House on Monday The letter called for administration disclosure on torture . South Africa 's Archbishop Bishop Desmond Tutu was one of the letter 's signers
CNN  -- As Florida Republican operatives look past Tuesday 's primary , they are clear about what it will take to carry their state in November -- winning swing voters . While the 2012 GOP presidential race has sometimes seemed like a competition among the Republican White House hopefuls over who can appeal to the party 's hard core , the fall campaign will be about winning the middle , according to a CNN survey of 47 Florida GOP insiders -- state legislators , political consultants , fundraisers , veterans of previous primary campaigns , tea party advocates and a variety of other party activists . Which do you think is relatively more important to winning Florida in the general election ? Having a nominee who can win swing voters : 83 % Having a nominee who excites the conservative base : 13 % Both  volunteered  : 4 % That overwhelming verdict comes in part because of the belief that conservatives will show up at the polls just to vote against the incumbent , President Barack Obama , even if they 're not thrilled with the GOP nominee . "  Swing is key , " said one Florida GOP insider . "  The base will be motivated anyway . " Echoed another : "  Conservatives will be there regardless . " CNN Florida Insiders Survey : ` Romney stepping up his game ' Another key voting bloc in Florida in the general election will be Hispanic and Latino voters . The GOP insiders thought that Mitt Romney would be their best bet in the fall . Who do you think would have the strongest appeal to Hispanic and Latino voters in the general election ? Mitt Romney : 64 % Newt Gingrich : 33 % Rich Santorum : 1 % When the Florida insiders were asked how easy it would be to get behind a prospective nominee , only one candidate among the remaining contenders seems to face a severe enthusiasm deficit when it comes to the fall campaign -- Texas Rep. Ron Paul . His isolationist views on national security are anathema to many Republicans , and his libertarian bent can also cause some concerns among social conservatives . Would you have a hard time enthusiastically supporting any of these candidates if he was the nominee ? Ron Paul : 71 % Newt Gingrich : 28 % Rick Santorum : 24 % Mitt Romney : 9 % "  Ron Paul is Ron Paul , but Newt simply does n't fit the profile of a winning GOP candidate in Florida , " said one party insider who is unaffiliated with any of the campaigns . "  You have to be able to excite the conservative base and not turn off swing voters . Swing voters  would  flee from Newt faster than that golf ball his by Alan Shepard took off on the moon . " Polls that currently show Romney with the best chance to defeat Obama are one of the reasons why the former Massachusetts governor is a favorite among the party establishment . "  I 'd have a hard time supporting anyone other than Romney because I know none of the others can beat Obama , " said one Florida GOP insider . Still , another Florida GOP insider lamented , "  I think this is the weakest field we have ever put forth in my lifetime . The CNN Florida insiders were surveyed from Thursday afternoon through Saturday . The survey was conducted over the Internet . The Florida insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers to encourage candid responses . Just under half of the insiders said they were formally aligned with one of the presidential campaigns , and half said they had neither endorsed any candidate nor were they working for one . Overall , one-third of the insiders backed Romney , while just under one-sixth supported Gingrich . If only the responses from insiders currently unaligned with any of the candidates were tabulated , the results predicted the primary vote would be Romney 39 % , Gingrich 32 % , Santorum 15 % , Paul 10 % , and other 2 % . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Brian Ballard , Slater Bayliss , Kim Bertron , Sally Bradshaw , Bertica Cabrera Morris , Christian Camara , Al Cardenas , David Cardenas , Len Collins , Nelson Diaz , Jose Diaz , Brett Doster , Charlie Dudley , Tom Feeney , Jose Fuentes , Rich Heffley , Ann Herberger , Brecht Heuchan , Christina Johnson , David Johnson , Frederick Leonhardt , Carlos M. Lopez-Cantera , Jose Mallea , Alberto E. Martinez , Nancy McGowan , Will McKinley , Kathy Mears , Paul Mitchell , Kris Money , Ana Navarro , Esther Nuhfer , Jeanette Nunez , Andy Palmer , Van B. Poole , Marc Reichelderfer , Todd Reid , Jim Rimes , Monica Rodriguez , Sarah Rumpf , Terry Sullivan , Frank Terraferma , Todd Thomson , Cory Tilley , Tom A. Tillison , Greg Turbeville , Susan Wiles and Brian Yablonski .	"  Swing is key , " says one Florida GOP insider The fight in the fall will not be focused on exciting the base , it will be about winning the middle Latino Republicans make up a key block , and Romney seems to have their support Most insiders say they 'd have a hard time supporting Ron Paul if he were nominated
New York  CNN  -- An average of $ 32 million a day in national parks revenue could be shut off if the Beltway showdown results in a government shutdown , officials say . The measure would be the first shutdown in more than 15 years , shuttering national parks , seashores and historic sites , and barring some 800,000 daily visitors , according to David Barna , a spokesman for the National Parks Service . Places such as Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona would be closed as a result of the impasse . Tourist draws such as the Smithsonian National Museums in Washington would be locked and parades such as the National Cherry Blossom Festival could be called off , though organizers have pledged to hold a short parade despite the outcome . That festival draws roughly 1 million visitors each year . Congressional lawmakers have been scrambling to negotiate a spending bill set to expire Friday , worrying those reliant on park tourism cash . "  These parks are the economic engines of some communities , " said Barna . "  They 're often the largest employer in an area , " referencing a network of restaurants , shops and hotels that often surround historic sites . No budget deal as shutdown looms Barna , who says he remembers the last shutdown in 1995 , says the potential loss of revenue could stymie local businesses . "  The biggest difference from '95 may be the affect on our website , " he said . The National Parks Service website tallies roughly 1 million daily hits , catering to would-be travelers and inquisitive students of history . "  It 's the most popular website in the federal government , " Barna said . As part of the agency 's contingency measures , it plans to post an out-of-service notice in place of the website . Meanwhile , some 17,000 park service employees would be furloughed , with an additional 15,000 private contract workers also forced at least temporarily out of work . The impasse 's affect on tourism is perhaps most visible in Charleston , South Carolina , where Civil War re-enactors are descending . Podcast : What happens in a shutdown ? For years , Charleston has been planning the commemoration of the 150th anniversary of the start of the American Civil War . There , at Fort Sumter in Charleston Harbor , Confederate artillery opened fire on Union positions on April 12 , 1861 , igniting a bloody conflict that would last for the next fours years . The Tuesday re-enactment of the bombardment is expected to take place regardless of the shutdown , with the firing of guns to take place outside federal land . But the hundreds of blue - or gray-clad re-enactors who planned to camp at the historic fort will find it locked in the event of a shutdown . Money : The price of a shutdown "  We were expecting 2,000 visitors a day from now until Easter , " said Fort Sumter Tours owner Rick Mosteller , whose company ferries boatloads of Civil War buffs out to the historic fort . The effects , however , are also anticipated beyond Charleston Harbor . "  This is a tourist town , " said city resident Robert Mikell . "  A lot of businesses here rely on these national sites . " Farther to the north on Liberty Island in New York , the possible shutdown had already skewed the plans of some travelers . What would be shut down ? "  We started scheduling this week 's vacation about four weeks ago , " said Michigan resident Case Vaandering , who toured the Statue of Liberty on Thursday with his wife , Rochelle . The pair said they had changed their route to visit the Smithsonian museums in Washington before venturing up to New York , fearful that a shutdown would block their favored Washington sites and museums . "  We thought the parks were n't going to open for us when we got here , " Vaandering said . iReport : Looming government shutdown Others remain more hopeful . Kendra Barkoff , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of the Interior , said , "  We still believe that there is the opportunity for Congress to avoid a government shutdown . " But the agency , like others around Washington , is also preparing "  for all possible scenarios , " she said . In the event of a shutdown , all visitors and nonessential employees at national parks and historic sites would be given 48 hours to leave .	The shutdown would be the first in more than 15 years Places such as Yellowstone National Park would be closed as a result of the impasse Shutdown could crimp plans in South Carolina for 150th anniversary of Civil War start
CNN  -- They have long played second fiddle to their more illustrious city rivals , but Atletico Madrid took another giant step out of Real Madrid 's shadow on Saturday with a 2-1 win at the Bernabeu . La Liga 's reigning champions are proving just as formidable opposition this year as they were last with Diego Simeone 's men stealing all three points in Real 's backyard for the second successive season . Tiago gave Atletico the lead in the 10th minute redirecting Koke 's corner past Iker Casillas to silence the home crowd before parity was restored from a familiar source 16 minutes later . Guilherme Siqueira was Cristiano Ronaldo 's fall guy on this occasion as the left back stuck out a leg as the Portuguese surged into the penalty area . The referee pointed to the spot and Ronaldo duly converted sending Miguel Angel Moya the wrong way to tie up the match at 1-1 . Real proceeded to dominate the rest of the half but Atletico weathered the storm with Moya pulling off a notable point-blank save from a Karim Benzema header in the 38th minute . The deadlock in an evenly contested second half was finally broken by the visitors with 14 minutes remaining when a Raul Garcia dummy left subsitute Turan  who replaced captain Gabi in the 60th minute  to sweep home a low shot into the left corner of Casillas ' net . Real 's efforts to salvage something from the game ultimately came to nothing leaving the European champions pondering a second successive league defeat . "  It is a problem , " Ancelotti said after the match . "  We have to analyse it in the next few days and fix it quickly . "  The first-half was good like  it was against Real Sociedad  and the second-half was n't . We played with intensity and aggression in the first-half which is what you have to do to beat Atletico , but we did n't do that in the second-half . " For the Italian 's opposite number it was another day at the Bernabeu to savor . "  I think it is the first time we have won twice in a row in the league at the Bernabeu and that is very important for our fans and a new group of players , " Simeone said . "  We still have difficulties ahead to have the consistency we want , but with the work rate they showed and the play they showed in the second-half I am happy . " Victory lifts Atletico to second in the table with seven points while Real are currently 11th with three points from three matches . Real begin the defense of their Champions League crown on Tuesday with a home tie against Swiss side FC Basel while Atletico travel to Greece to play Olympiacos . Barca continue perfect start Barcelona maintained their 100 % start to the new season but left it late to seal all three points against Athletic Bilbao at the Nou Camp earlier on Saturday . Neymar came off the bench to score a brace in the final 10 minutes of the match to make it three league wins out of three for new manager Luis Enrique . For the first time in their history , Barcelona played a home match in red and yellow away kit which features the colors of the Catalan flag -- the Senyera -- to mark the 300th anniversary of Catalan National Day which took place on Thursday . A giant flag was also unfurled in the stadium prior to kick off . The anniversary , which comes just days before Scotland votes to decide whether to remain part of the UK , has fueled calls from many Catalans for their own referendum on independence to be held . Both Barca and Bilbao kick off their Champions League campaigns next week . Messi and Co will host Cypriot side APOEL Nicosia on Wednesday while Athletic will entertain Ukraine 's champions Shakhtar Donetsk .	Atletico Madrid record league win at Bernabeu for second season running Arda Turan scores winner in 2-1 victory over city rivals Real Madrid Barcelona maintain 100 % start to season with 2-0 win over Athletic Bilbao
Siem Reap , Cambodia  CNN  -- Visit Cambodia 's number one tourist attraction , Angkor Wat , with the average tour guide and you 'll probably leave the UNESCO World Heritage Site with your head swimming in dates , dimensions and unpronounceable names of kings . Jaya-who ? You might also get the impression , as I did when I first visited two years ago , that the magnificent temple complex you scrambled around in sweltering heat is confined within its sturdy walls and scenic moat , and the city ended there . Turns out that 's not the case . A new report released by the U.S.-based National Academy of Sciences  NAS  highlighting the results of an April 2012 airborne laser survey -- the first of its kind in Asia , covering 370 square kilometers of northwest Cambodia 's Khmer Empire archaeological sites -- has revealed a much grander Angkor landscape , one without parallel in the pre-industrial world . Even more sensational , the June announcement of the findings confirmed the existence of a huge medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle on a remote mountain . Re-writing Cambodia 's history books Angkor was the capital of the Khmer Empire , which was founded in 802 AD on Mount Kulen when Jayavarman II was declared universal monarch . These days the most popular Angkor sites for tourists are Angkor Thom , which is home to Bayon and its massive carved smiling faces ; magnificent Angkor Wat ; and smaller temples such as Ta Prohm , Preah Khan , Pre Rup and Ta Nei . But the precise data gathered by LiDAR , a remote sensing laser instrument , reveals that Angkor was actually a monumental , formally planned and low-density mega-city . Less visited ruins further afield , such as enchanting Beng Mealea , 52 kilometers from Siem Reap and sprawling Koh Ker , some 120 kilometers away , were actually satellite cities within Angkor 's colossal urban network . Phnom Kulen , or Mount Kulen , meanwhile , 48 kilometers north of Siem Reap , has been identified as the location of the medieval city of Mahendraparvata , or the Mountain of Indra -- King of the Gods . This makes Angkor the world 's largest urban conurbation prior to Britain 's 18th-century Industrial Revolution -- a revelation that completely alters how experts are looking at the area . While the ancient urban network 's existence was mentioned in inscriptions and long suspected by French archaeologists working in Cambodia , it could n't be confirmed due to the remoteness of ruins already discovered on the plateau , the inaccessibility of much of the mountain and the existence of landmines installed by the Khmer Rouge . 10-step guide to Siem Reap One of the authors of the NAS report , Australian archaeologist Dr. Damian Evans , is director of the University of Sydney 's Robert Christie Research Centre in Siem Reap and the chief architect behind the costly LiDAR mission . He brought together eight different archaeological organizations , including the Cambodian government 's APSARA Authority , which manages the region 's archaeological sites , to form the Khmer Archeology LiDAR Consortium , which raised funds for the project and shared data . The LiDAR mission was conceived to fill in the blank spaces on the map of Angkor , Evans says , as we slip into the jungle just outside the walls of Angkor Wat . "  Nothing on the forest floor is random , not even a termite mound , " Evans explains as he points out anthills . "  While a lot of the city is buried beneath the ground , it impacts the surface in subtle ways . The movements , activities and actions of these people hundreds of years ago remain inscribed into the landscape . "  None of these lumps and bumps and dips made any kind of sense , but once you see the LiDAR imagery , it 's strikingly evident that what you 're looking at are the remains of a city associated with Angkor Wat . " Using technology to speed things up Out of the sight of the one million tourists who visit the temple-city every year , archaeologists are at work on excavation projects . They use found remnants of the region 's rich Khmer history , culture and way of life to piece together a story that 's continually developing , changing visitors ' understanding and experience of Angkor in the process . Archaeologists have worked on the ground here since naturalist Henri Mouhot stumbled upon Angkor Wat in 1860 , excavating temple ruins deep within jungles for visitors to tour , peeling away vines from palaces for us to explore and unearthing riches to be displayed in museums . For many archaeologists , a discovery can represent a lifetime 's work . The LiDAR technology changes all that , speeding up the process . "  What LiDAR takes away is a little of the Indiana Jones stuff of whacking through cactus , spiders , thorny trees and mud puddles , " says American archaeologist Dr. Miriam Stark , onsite in Siem Reap . "  You can still have your spiders , snakes and bugs , and all those rich experiences , but now you know you 're getting somewhere , which is a lot more satisfying . " A taste of that Indiana Jones stuff awaits our party at 492-meter-high Mount Kulen , a 90-minute drive from Siem Reap . Near Preah Ang Thom , home to a colossal 16th-century reclining Buddha carved out of solid rock , my photographer husband and I swap our four-wheel-drive vehicle for motorbikes , riding behind local guides for a daylong bone-rattling exploration of the eight-kilometer-wide and 32-kilometer-long mountain plateau . We cling on tight as our guides , familiar with every cave and cranny on the landmine-riddled mountain , tackle muddy trails up hills , bump over log bridges , fly through fast-flowing streams , get stuck in sludgy puddles and go off-road , bouncing along jungle tracks only they can see , every now and again alighting to slash away vines and branches with a scythe to create our own paths . We hike to see enormous carved stone statues of an elephant and lions at Sras Damrei  Elephant Pond  buried deep within the forest and scramble about the ruins of Prasat Rong Chen , the three-tiered laterite temple where the Brahman priest made Jayavarman II a god-king . We emerge from thick jungle to gaze at the red brick temple of O Paong , grass and trees sprouting from its cracks . Another day we visit beautiful Beng Mealea , taken captive by tangled roots and a forest that grows within and around the moss-covered temple , and the remote , sprawling Koh Ker , where temple after crumbling temple wait to be explored . We see a total of four tourists the whole day . Insider Guide : Best of Cambodia "  Digging " for ruins in the air We also board the helicopter that was equipped with the LiDAR instrument to view the area 's splendid temple-cities and grasp the size of the colossal new cityscape that 's been recently uncovered . From the air it 's easier to understand how challenging the archaeologists ' job must have been before the device bombarded the ground with laser beams -- a million pulses every four seconds -- to record data that ultimately provided the precise information that has forever changed how archaeologists work . At a traditional Khmer stilted house on Siem Reap 's riverside that serves as the Robert Christie Research Centre , I meet archeology professor Dr. Roland Fletcher , co-director of the Greater Angkor Project . "  I like to explain it like this , " begins Dr. Fletcher . "  When you came here you landed at the airport and thought of yourself as driving to Siem Reap , then driving from Siem Reap to Angkor . But when you were at the airport you were really 15 kilometers inside the Angkor city and Siem Reap is in the suburbs of Angkor ... at Angkor Wat you 'd be right in the middle of the city and everywhere you turned you would be looking across rice fields and see rows and rows of timber houses with smoke rising from them in the morning and the towers of shrines sticking up through the trees ... it must have been an unbelievably beautiful place . " It 's still a beautiful place -- as the one million tourists who visited Siem Reap and its Angkor temple-cities in 2012 would no doubt attest . And hotel and tour operators are predicting a significant increase in tourist arrivals for 2013 . It could be some time before more of the "  lost city " of Mahendraparvata 's sites are excavated and its temples are made more accessible -- there 's still much de-mining to do on the plateau , too . In the meantime , however , locals are hoping the new discoveries inspire more travelers to explore remote sites such as Koh Ker and Beng Mealea , and that the intrepid will hop on the backs of motorbikes at Mount Kulen . Getting there Several airlines fly directly to Siem Reap in Cambodia and 30-day tourist visas are available upon arrival for many nationalities for $ 20 . Bring passport photos . Most visitors employ a local guide or hire a tuk-tuk or bikes to explore the Angkor Archaeological Park  open daily , 5 a.m.-6 p.m.  . An Angkor Pass can be purchased at the entrance gate : one-day $ 20 , three-day $ 40 and seven-day $ 60 . ABOUTAsia Travel offers tours of the Angkor cities . Backyard Travel offers one-day expeditions to Mount Kulen and day trips Koh Ker and Beng Mealea . HeliStar offers flights over the Angkor cities , including to Mount Kulen and Koh Ker , beginning from $ 90 . Photos by Terence Carter	A helicopter camera has changed the way travelers will experience Angkor Wat and other Khmer temple-cities Consortium of archaeologists brought together to fill in the blank spaces on map of Angkor Locals hope discovery will inspire travelers to explore Siem Reap 's lesser known Khmer ruins
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children will be immersed in the pop icon 's music , dance and imagery as they attend the premiere of Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson : The Immortal World Tour " in Montreal , Canada , Sunday . Katherine Jackson , who sat through four days of disturbing testimony in the trial of the doctor charged in her son 's death , agreed with the Michael Jackson estate and Cirque du Soleil just this past week to attend the opening performance this weekend , according to a source close to the Jackson family . The agreement is a sign Katherine Jackson and the men who now control her son 's estate as executors have reached an understanding that should ease the tensions that erupted in probate court soon after Michael Jackson 's death in 2009 , the source said . Jackson 's mother waged a legal challenge against lawyer John Branca and music executive John McClain , who were named as executors in her son 's will , but dropped it several months later . Relations between the Jackson family and the estate have been tense from that beginning . The trip , which includes Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson , will not end until October 9 when they return to Los Angeles following the Michael Forever Tribute show in Cardiff , Wales , next Saturday , the source said . With several of Michael Jackson 's brothers and sisters also traveling to the Wales concert , most of the Jackson family 's eight seats in Dr. Conrad Murray 's trial will likely go empty until next week . Jackson 's children never saw their father perform live on stage , but the Cirque du Soleil show promises for two hours to "  capture the essence , soul and inspiration of the King of Pop , celebrating a legacy that continues to transcend generations . " The road tour will reach at least 47 cities in the United States and Canada over the next year . The circus company , legendary for its creative and acrobatic performances , first talked to Jackson seven years ago about the possibility of a Jackson-themed show , Cirque 's president said when the agreement with his estate was announced in April 2010 . The estate and Cirque du Soleil are equal partners . The MGM Mirage has signed on to host the Las Vegas , Nevada , residency starting in 2012 . The hotel also will open a nightclub based on the Jackson show , the hotel said .	Jackson 's mother will miss at least the next week of the Conrad Murray trial Katherine Jackson 's agreement to go to Cirque du Soleil shows peace with estate , source says "  Michael Jackson : The Immortal World Tour " will go to 47 cities in the next year . Prince , Paris , Blanket never saw their father perform live on stage
Abu Raad pleaded with his son not to volunteer . But there was nothing he says he could say to talk his 19-year-old son out of joining ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State and is formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . "  I do n't know what they told him , " Abu Raad told CNN by telephone from his home in Mosul . "  Last week , my son came home and told me that he is leaving home and joining the Islamic State . " And then , the teenager packed a bag and left . "  We have heard nothing from him , " said Abu Raad , who asked to be identified by his Arab nickname out of fear of retaliation by ISIS for speaking out . His son is now believed to be one of hundreds of young Sunni men who , two Iraqi senior defense officials tell CNN , have joined ISIS in recent weeks in the Iraqi provinces of Nineveh , Salaheddin and Anbar . Analysts and U.S. officials estimate ISIS has as many as 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria , including those who were freed from prisons by ISIS and Sunni loyalists who have joined the fight as the group advanced . But that number likely does n't include these latest recruits , mostly young men between the ages of 16 and 25 who are primarily poor , unemployed and lack an education , the two Iraqi senior defense officials told CNN . Add to that a disenfranchisement felt by Iraq 's Sunni minority , who have bitterly complained of being marginalized and cut out of the political process by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government . The height of that disenfranchisement coincided with ISIS routing Iraqi security forces in Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , in June . Abu Raad blames al-Maliki 's government for what happened with his son . "  He allowed those  ISIS  thugs " to take hold in the country , he said . U.S. President Barack Obama vowed on Saturday to push Iraq 's lawmakers to create a more inclusive government that "  can give confidence to populations in the Sunni areas that  ISIS  is not the only game in town . " But for now , at least in Mosul , ISIS is recruiting young men at a rapid pace , officials and residents told CNN . "  Once they are in ,  ISIS  gives them cars to drive , guns , cell phones and cash money , " said one man , who lives in Mosul and has direct knowledge of ISIS recruit efforts . In Mosul , for example , ISIS recruiting efforts appear to begin at information centers that have been set up around the city . Pictures of the centers posted online purportedly by ISIS claim to show militants , many dressed head-to-toe in black , distributing leaflets , videos and CDs about their operations to men and boys . While CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the pictures , they appear to coincide with descriptions provided by the man who described ISIS recruiting efforts . The pictures also show men and young boys gathered in front of the centers , watching videos purporting to show ISIS leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , on giant flat-screen televisions . In some of the videos , al-Baghdadi is heavily armed . In others , he appears to be preaching at a pulpit . Still other pictures appear to show videos about bomb-making and suicide bombs . At the centers , ISIS encourages young men to join , according to a man who asked to be identified only as Abu Younis out of fear of retaliation by ISIS The actual recruiting occurs elsewhere , according to Younis , who lives in Mosul and told CNN he has visited the centers . Sometimes , he says , recruiting takes place at mosques . Last week , the Iraqi air force targeted the al-Mufti mosque in western Mosul . A senior security official in Baghdad and two residents told CNN that the mosque was being used by ISIS as a recruitment center . CNN can not independently verify the claims . Abu Raad ca n't pinpoint the moment that his son made the decision to leave his life behind for ISIS . Before the militants swept into Mosul , his son listened to music and played video games . "  But then he became a different person . He stopped acting like a normal boy a few weeks ago , " Abu Raad said . "  My wife and I begged him not do it . But he did n't listen . He packed and left . " There are stories , Abu Raad says , of young men who have been recruited by ISIS and within weeks are carrying out suicide bombings . He wonders if one them will be his son . "  My son dreamed of becoming a computer engineer , " Abu Raad said , his voice breaking . "  Now he 's just a terrorist . "	Hundreds of young Sunni men have joined ISIS in recent weeks , officials tell CNN The recruits are typically between the ages of 16 and 25 , they say "  I do n't know what they told him , " says one father
London , England  CNN  -- Rowing across the North Pacific Ocean may hardly seem comparable to achieving success in the humdrum daily grind of an office desk job . For British adventure explorer Sarah Outen however , the gratification of completing a task of great importance to the self , is the same no matter the context or environment . "  It 's so satisfying if you accomplish something that 's a challenge to you , " said the 26-year-old who last week set off on her quest to become the first woman to row the North Pacific solo . "  Whether you 're in the water , or in an office , that 's universal , " she adds . Outen is undertaking the 4,500 nautical mile challenge from the east coast of Japan to the west coast of Canada , as part of a larger voyage that will see her circumnavigate the globe without the aid of any mechanical engines . She started in London in April 2011 and has so far made it 11,000 miles to Japan , biking and kayaking through Europe , Russia and China along the way . See also : Around the world on two boats and a bike The epic journey will eventually see Outen return to London and after navigating the North Pacific , she plans to traverse North America by bike . A further solo ocean crossing -- this time the Atlantic Ocean -- will follow before she paddles back to her port of origin in the UK capital . "  I love the challenge , " says Outen of the gargantuan adventure that will take her fully two and a half years to complete . "  I rowed across the Indian Ocean in 2009 and it was then that I thought up this journey  the London to London trip  . I just wanted more time at sea and I wanted to experience that same human-powered pace across landscape , " she adds . So far , Outen highlights some of the characters she has met along the way as inspiration in her darkest and most challenging moments . One man she met in a petrol station in eastern China was so inspired by her story that he bought a bike and joined her on the spot , accompanying her 4,000 kilometers  2,500 miles  across the country to Beijing and becoming a friend for life in the process . "  It was a special experience for both of us , " Outen says of meeting her Chinese traveling companion , Gao , "  but really it was just wonderful to hear people 's stories on the road and to learn a little bit about their lives and dreams . " See also : Naked rowers break Atlantic record As she prepares for her latest adventure , Outen is well aware that this leg of the challenge is one that she will have no choice but to face on her own . A custom-made seven meter long row boat -- aptly named Gulliver -- will help her breach the vast ocean expanse between Choshi , Japan , and her next port of call Vancouver , Canada . Only a small solar cell on the vessel 's exterior will provide power for a satellite radio and a camera that will keep Outen in touch with the outside world . "  There 's no engines , no motors , no nothing on here . I 'm the engine , " she says excitedly of what will be her floating home for at least the next six months . Her friends and family have scrawled messages of support on the vessel 's interior which will , no doubt , offer comfort during what is sure to be an emotionally and psychologically grueling journey . Outen has prepared methodically for these challenges , but she says the most difficult aspect has been getting ready for the physical demands of the trip . She has trained hard to build up her core strength and stamina as well as bracing herself for potential hazards along the way such as boat capsizes , shark attacks and extreme weather events like hurricanes . See also : Teenage round the world sailor takes on racing challenge But the myriad dangers inherent in the task before her are not enough to dilute Outen 's enduring sense of wanderlust and determination . "  I love that feeling of not quite knowing if you 're going to make it through a certain scenario , " she says . "  If the worst happens , at least I died trying . I think the worst thing in life is to end it with regrets or not having tried something , " she adds . If all goes to plan , Outen aims to complete her Pacific crossing in a little over six months . She will then take a break for around six weeks before setting out across North America and onwards towards the finishing line on the banks of the River Thames in London . For now however , talk of returning to the UK and the completion of the full 20,000 mile odyssey seems a long way off . "  Its a year and a half more until I finish this journey at least so really there 's still quite a way to go yet , " she says .	Sarah Outen is aiming to become the first woman to row solo across the North Pacific Ocean The British adventurer hopes to complete the 4,500 nautical mile journey in six months Outen is undertaking the challenge as part of a larger voyage that will see her circumnavigate the globe
CNN  A North Pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named Varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles  22,500 kilometers  , according to a release from Oregon State University , whose scientists helped conduct the whale-tracking study . Varvara , which is Russian for "  Barbara , " left her primary feeding ground off Russia 's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the United States to Baja , Mexico . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the Guinness Worlds Records website . It said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the "  warm breeding waters near the equator and the colder food-rich waters of the Arctic and Antarctic regions . " Records are nice , but Bruce Mate , the lead author of the study , thinks the long trip might say more about the whale than just its ability to swim . During her 14,000-mile journey , Varvara visited "  three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales , " which was a surprise to Mate , who is also the director of the Marine Mammal Institute at Oregon State University . "  For her to go to Mexico , " Mate said , "  It 's pretty strong evidence that it 's where she 's from . " Varvara was thought to be an endangered western whale , but her ability to "  navigate across open water over tremendously long distances is impressive , " he said in the release , which could mean that some western gray whales are actually eastern grays . With only 150 western gray whales believed to be in existence , that number might be even lower . "  Past studies have indicated genetic differentiation between the species , but this suggests we may need to take a closer look , " Mate said . Fourth baby orca born this season	The whale , Varvara , swam a round trip from Russia to Mexico , nearly 14,000 miles The previous record was set by a humpback whale that migrated more than 10,000 miles
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic extended his winning run to 23 matches with a 6-3 6-1 victory over American Mardy Fish to reach the final of the Masters 1000 tournament in Miami Friday . The Australian Open champion will play either Rafael Nadal or Roger Federer , who were playing in the night session , in Sunday 's final . The Serbian beat world number one Nadal to claim the prestigious Indian Wells crown last month . The world number two saved two break points as Fish made a strong start , but after a brief rain delay it was Djokovic who seized the initiative with an immediate break of service . "  I told Mardy at the end I got saved by the rain , " Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website . "  It really seemed like that . After I went back to the locker room I had 45 minutes to get it together and I felt much better after I came back to the court . " 14th seed Fish , who has succeeded Andy Roddick as the highest placed American in the rankings , was unable to respond as Djokovic closed out the opening set . He was broken immediately at the start of the second set and a further break in the fifth game left him no way back . The 23-year-old Djokovic eventually closed out victory in just 90 minutes as he continued his superlative start to 2011 . In other tennis news Friday , Britain 's Andy Murray has confirmed that doubles specialist Ross Hutchins will be his new coach from the Barcelona Open later this month . Murray , who was beaten by Djokovic in the Australian Open final , has gone out in the first round of his last three tournaments since the grand slam . The world number five has been without a coach since parting company with Miles Maclagan in July of last year .	Novak Djokovic reaches final of Masters 1000 tournament in Miami Serbian star beats American Mardy Fish in straight sets He will play Roger Federer or Rafael Nadal in Sunday 's final Andy Murray appoints Ross Hutchins as his new coach
CNN  -- Presidential libraries always seem to be the center of controversy and debate . Right now a number of cities are competing to host President Barack Obama 's library once he leaves office . There will certainly be a flood of stories about the vast fund-raising that will take place to secure money for the building since , according to the laws governing these libraries , the buildings are privately funded . At President Richard Nixon 's archive in Yorba Linda , California , there was a heated controversy over the failure to appoint a new director to replace Tim Naftali , a distinguished historian who came into conflict with the library 's board for trying to put together an honest presentation for visitors about the Watergate scandal . The Nixon foundation blocked the appointment of Mark Lawrence , a widely respected diplomatic historian at the University of Texas , because of his writing on Vietnam . There is a heated contest currently taking place to decide which city will house Obama 's library after his term ends . Applicants from New York , Chicago and Honolulu are among the 13 that are engaged in a competition to win the right to host the museum and archives that will honor Obama 's service to the nation . But the most important question about presidential libraries is not where they 're located , but how they handle the release and processing of the White House records . This too has been the subject of controversy . According to the law , most presidential records are to be released by 12 years after a president leaves office . Some documents might still be kept secret as a result of matters such as national security concerns . In 2001 , President George W. Bush stirred controversy with an executive order giving former presidents much more leeway in restricting papers after the 12-year period ended . The order came under intense criticism from the historical community and public interest advocates . A judge overturned much of the order in 2007 , and Bush himself has signed an order encouraging a speedier release of his documents . But delays in the release of some of President Bill Clinton 's papers beyond the 12 years have caused more concerns about the power that former chief executives have over these kinds of documents . Some critics have speculated that Obama has allowed for the continued delays to protect Hillary Clinton from questions if she runs for president in 2016 . Obama -- who had been critical of Bush 's preference when in the White House toward tighter restrictions on presidential papers -- accepted the delays in the release of Clinton 's records . He issued an executive order in 2009 that established a 30-day period for a president to review proposals from the National Archives to release the records of a previous president . Under that order , however , an unlimited number of extensions are permissible . There is important legislation pending in the Senate that would curtail how much authority a president has to restrict the release of these records . This kind of legislation is vital since the archives contained in these libraries are a national treasure -- and access to the archives allows scholars and journalists to really examine the history of each White House . With all the controversies that loom over these libraries , the one thing that 's unquestionably needed is a speedy release of papers . These archives , which are an essential part of these museums , are incredibly important for our understanding of presidential history and the foundation of our current politics . The presidential library system took form in 1955 with the Presidential Libraries Act . The legislation created a national system of presidential libraries that would be run by the National Archives but privately funded . Congress passed legislation in 1978 that ensured that the official records of each president and his staff would go to the archives rather than remaining private property , as they had been considered before . The findings from the archives have had a huge impact on how we think about many periods in American political history . Democrat Harry Truman , who ended his term in 1952 as a highly unpopular president , has seen his image rebuilt as historians took a close look at his records and found the important role that his administration played in developing our Cold War policies and institutions to contain communism . A president who once looked as if he made one blunder after another came out of the archives looking much more astute and skillful than anyone ever imagined . Republican President Dwight Eisenhower is one of the most famous cases of how a reputation can be transformed . For many years , journalists and scholars thought that Eisenhower was an affable and incredibly popular president , but a leader who was hands-off and allowed his staff to handle most of the major decisions that took place during his term . But the archives proved that the situation was quite different . According to the Princeton presidential scholar Fred Greenstein , the records show that Eisenhower ran a "  hidden hand " presidency where he was extremely proactive behind the scenes . He consciously allowed the public to think that he was not doing much , so that he could look as if he was standing above the political fray , at the same time that he was very careful in making decisions about party strategy and public policy . Lyndon Johnson is another case in point . For many decades , the assumption about the war in Vietnam was that Johnson and his advisers blindly followed the logic of the domino theory , meaning the notion that if South Vietnam fell to communism other countries would follow . According to this standard account , policymakers could not see the huge mistake they were making and it was virtually inevitable that the U.S. would end up in this protracted war . But slowly that notion of the war has been shattered . The presidential tapes and the archives in Austin , Texas , have revealed that Vietnam was much more of a choice -- a contested choice -- than we ever thought . Through the archives we have learned that many of Johnson 's closest advisers , including hawks like Sen. Richard Russell , expressed strong doubts about the necessity of the war and whether it could be won . As the Cornell historian Fred Logevall wrote in his book "  Choosing War , " for many reasons , including politics and perceptions of his manhood , Johnson eventually chose the path of escalation despite intense opposition . Nixon 's archives have been both good and bad for his legacy . On the one hand , the archives have continued to expose all sorts of wrongdoing that took place in his White House . Nixon was every bit as bad as Americans thought at the height of the Watergate scandal . We learned that he was devious , calculating and ruthless . On the other hand , the archives have helped to change and rehabilitate our image of Nixon by demonstrating his extensive accomplishments on foreign and domestic policy . This was an administration that made huge progress on the environment , affirmative action , detente and more . Sometimes the archives do n't produce a huge makeover . President Jimmy Carter 's archives in Atlanta , for example , which are extensive and provide a terrific look at the behind-the-scenes events of the period , have not erased the negative images people have . The findings have confirmed many of the political missteps and problems that the administration had with Congress and the public . Ronald Reagan , however is a different story . He was once thought of as a lightweight Hollywood actor who walked his way through political power -- like the character from the film "  Being There . " But we have learned that he was much more strategic and thoughtful than most people ever imagined . Transcripts of his radio addresses in the 1970s show how he carefully tailored particular messages and thought through the rhetoric he wanted to use . Minutes from the National Security Council meetings in his presidency reveal a very hands-on and deliberative person , not the caricature that was so popular in the 1980s . We are only starting to learn about George H.W. Bush , whose archives are beginning to be opened to researchers , as well as about Bill Clinton , as the trickle of findings about his presidency has revealed . Historians will be eager to look at the papers of George W. Bush , someone who once was resistant toward releasing records but has now indicated he will have them out sooner than most . Presidential archives are a national treasure and they are absolutely essential to our ability to understand what actually happened during the four or eight years a person was in office . Legislation moving through Congress now would expand access to presidential records and guarantee that the archivists retain the e-mails of executive branch officials . It passed the House in January on a voice vote , and in May , the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee sent the bill to the Senate . The legislation would allow for 60 days of review with only one 30-day extension allowed . The legislation also requires the public to be notified of these proposals when they are sent to the White House . Right now they are not public . Congress must keep the pressure on to make the records public , to require that more are digitized and made accessible online , and to ensure that all of this is done as quickly as possible and with as little interference as possible , so that scholars and journalists can look at the records to start evaluating , analyzing , and interpreting what the nation has lived through . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Cities are competing to host Obama presidential library and archives Julian Zelizer : Most important thing about presidential libraries is quick release of records He says delays in release of Clinton records have concerned historians Zelizer : Our view of a president can be transformed by the contents of his archives
A debate of more than five years could stretch even longer with Wednesday 's call for a health study on the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada . Two Democratic senators -- Barbara Boxer of California and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island -- urged Secretary of State John Kerry to examine higher rates of cancer and other illness reported in places impacted by the "  tar sands " oil from northern Alberta . Their letter to Kerry sought to further delay the project that has support from Republicans , some Democrats , the oil industry and labor unions . A Pew Research Center poll in September showed 65 % of respondents favored building it . So why is this still being debated ? Answers show how the pipeline has become a political albatross around the neck of President Barack Obama and Democrats as they try to hold onto control of the Senate in November 's congressional elections . What 's this all about ? A Canadian company wants to complete a pipeline from northern Alberta to the Gulf Coast that would carry the tar sands oil across six U.S. states . The $ 5.3-billion project by TransCanada needs federal approval because the pipeline crosses an international border . For now , the decision rests with the State Department headed by Kerry . U.S. report on Keystone indicates little climate impact Environmental groups oppose the pipeline because extracting and refining the tar sands oil emits 17 % more of the carbon pollution that contributes to climate change than conventional oil production . Detractors fear the project would increase U.S. reliance on the dirtier oil at a time when the nation -- one of the world 's biggest carbon emitters -- should be moving away from fossil fuel dependence to limit climate change . "  At the end of the day , Keystone XL is not just another oil pipeline ; it 's a gateway to the unchecked development of one of the world 's dirtiest fossil fuels , " wrote Tom Steyer of NextGen Climate Action in a CNN opinion piece on February 20 . Supporters say the years of study since TransCanada first sought U.S. permission in 2008 show the pipeline itself would n't significantly increase greenhouse gas emissions . They note the project will create more than 3,000 temporary U.S. jobs , as well as a likely greater number of indirect jobs . Once it is built , the pipeline would need less than 50 permanent U.S. jobs to operate it . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Republican of Kentucky , called the pipeline "  the single largest shovel-ready project in America " and an "  important project that wo n't cost taxpayers a dime to build but will bring thousands of private-sector jobs to Americans who desperately need them . " Where does the Keystone oil come from ? The pipeline starts in western Canada where tar-like black oil called bitumen saturates the sand around the Athabasca River and other areas . In the 1920s , scientists discovered how to mix what was called tar sand with hot water and caustic soda to separate the components so they could extract the bitumen . Now , major international oil companies have invested tens of billions of dollars to construct huge extraction and refining complexes around Fort McMurray , just over 200 miles northeast of Edmonton . Where does the pipeline go ? The Keystone XL pipeline would begin in Hardisty , Alberta , and extend for 1,179 miles through Saskatchewan , Montana , South Dakota and Nebraska to connect with existing segments in Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas . Once completed , it would carry 830,000 barrels a day that could travel to Houston and Port Arthur on the Gulf Coast . Who wants it ? The September 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda terror attacks prompted a U.S. push to reduce its dependence on Middle East oil . Interest rose in getting it from Canada , a neighboring ally , and rising prices made the high cost of tar sands oil production more feasible . Time to get serious on energy : Clean or dirty ? Oil companies invested billions in tar sands complexes to extract and refine the Canadian bitumen , and now want to cash in with increased production to meet both the U.S. and export demand . Republicans who traditionally support the oil industry and big business want the pipeline to keep the profits flowing and bolster the economy , while labor unions that historically align with Democrats also back the project because of the jobs it will create . In addition , four Democratic senators facing tough re-election battles this year -- Mary Landrieu in Louisiana , Mark Begich in Alaska , Mark Pryor in Arkansas and Kay Hagan of North Carolina -- back the pipeline . "  This single project will inject billions of dollars into Louisiana and national economies and reduce our dependence on oil from hostile countries , " said Landrieu , whose state has major oil production facilities . Who opposes it ? The environmental lobby , with backing from wealthy liberal donors , has mounted a growing campaign of protests and other opposition to the pipeline . Steyer , a billionaire former hedge fund manager , says he will spend up to $ 100 million in the 2014 election cycle to promote the fight against the climate change . "  America can not lead the fight on climate change abroad while allowing even more pollution to be produced in our own backyard , " he wrote . "  To truly be a global leader on climate change , President Obama must first make the right choices here at home . He must deny the Keystone XL pipeline . " 5 reasons why climate change is back in the news Boxer and Whitehouse opened a new front Wednesday with their call for the State Department to include a full health review in assessing the pipeline project . "  Elevated levels of carcinogens and mercury have been documented downstream from tar sands extraction sites , and communities in these areas show elevated levels of rare cancer rates , " they said in their letter to Kerry . "  Tar sands oil is very difficult to clean up when a spill occurs , and a 2010 tar sands pipeline spill into the Kalamazoo River still has not been resolved . " They also cited "  significantly higher levels of dangerous air pollutants and carcinogens " downwind from tar sand refineries , with people living those areas "  suffering higher rates of the types of cancers linked to these toxic chemicals , including leukemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . " Where does Obama stand ? In both of his inaugural addresses and his most recent State of the Union speech , Obama cited climate change as an issue of administration focus . He has mandated improved auto and truck fuel efficiency standards and toughened pollution regulations for new power plants , but the Keystone issue has become the most visible symbol of the climate change debate . In a speech last year on climate change , Obama said the pipeline must be basically carbon-neutral , meaning that approving it would have no more impact on climate change that not approving it . Obama , Harper differences over Keystone pipeline on display at summit A recent State Department environmental report concluded that building the pipeline would have little impact on overall carbon emissions from tar sands oil . Approval or denial of any single project was unlikely to affect how much oil gets extracted from the tar sands , explained Assistant Secretary of State Kerri-Ann Jones . Election-year politics also come into play . Obama would risk a voter backlash against Democratic candidates in November if he rejects the pipeline , which could cost the party its vital control of the Senate . The split over the issue between pillars of the Democratic liberal base -- with the environmental lobby opposing the pipeline and organized labor supporting it -- further confuses the President 's approach . What happens next ? More delay , most likely . Release of the State Department environmental report on January 31 launched a 90-day period for public comment and consultation . Kerry , who is known for his effort to combat climate change , will then determine if the pipeline project is in the national interest , thought the final call clearly rests with Obama . On Wednesday , the State Department inspector general cleared one potential hurdle from a final decision by concluding there was no conflict of interest involving a group with ties to TransCanada that took part in the environmental impact study . Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said the inspector general 's conclusion ended questions about the process , adding : "  Let 's stop the excuses and get America back to work . " However , the call for a health review by Boxer and Whitehouse offers potential cover for putting off a decision . So does a Nebraska state court ruling last week threw out the governor 's approval of the pipeline route through the state . With an appeal likely to take months , the court process gives the Obama administration a plausible reason for waiting until after the November vote . It would n't be the first that the process got delayed until after an upcoming election . In 2011 , the Obama administration postponed a decision on the pipeline due to concerns raised by Nebraska officials and environmental groups about the original route near the Ogallala Aquifer , a major source of drinking water that is important for the state 's agricultural economy . Republicans accused Obama of putting off the issue until after the 2012 presidential election , but their efforts to force an earlier decision failed to work . Meanwhile , TransCanada rerouted the pipeline in the state .	Inspector general finds no conflict of interest in environmental assessment Nebraska court ruling , call for health review could put off pipeline decision The issue involves tough politics for President Obama and Democrats Environmentalists : pipeline a gateway to more climate change pollution
CNN  -- A cricketing icon and sporting hero in his native Australia , Shane Warne 's life off the cricket pitch has almost been as well documented as his career on it . Since he emerged on the international cricket scene in 1992 he 's been credited with reviving spin bowling and has reached numerous milestones including taking over 1,000 international wickets . One ball he bowled to England 's Mike Gatting in an international match in 1993 became known as "  the ball of the century . " "  I thought it was a pretty good ball ... when we saw it on the replay , we looked up on the big screen , and saw it , and I thought ` Hang on that was n't too bad actually that was pretty cool , ' " Warne told CNN . It had commentators cooing , but it also alerted Warne to a whole new world of media scrutiny . "  I supposed it was something that changed my life , not just my cricket . Suddenly everyone wanted to know what I was doing , where did I go to the pub , which restaurant I went to , who was I hanging out with , all those different types of thing , " he said . "  So really , it opened up another thing that I was n't used to it at that stage . " From marital infidelities and taking banned substances to betting scandals , at times Warne 's life was reported as an ongoing soap opera . Yet his engaging character and events on and off the cricket pitch led to acclaim , too , and art imitating life with "  Shane Warne : The Musical " -- something that initially had the real Shane Warne cringing . "  At first , I was a bit reluctant to go and see it ... I 'm not sure if I can sit there and watch my life . I did n't know what to expect , " he said . "  The only person that knew that I was there was Eddie Perfect , the lead actor , " he continued . "  I was seeing this blonde sort of hair here and he 's got his phones , he actually ... he actually looks okay ... It was me on a bean bag when my mum was vacuuming and I thought , ` how does he know some of this stuff ? ' " As well as getting used to his celebrity , Warne says he 's put the well-documented controversies behind him and set up The Shane Warne Foundation to assist ill and under-privileged children . He 's also extended his own cricketing career by focusing on the abbreviated version of the game in the Indian Premier League and captaining the Rajasthan Royals for the third year . "  I think when you 're growing up you make mistakes . I made my fair share , I 've made more than probably some , " he said . "  I 'd like to think I moved on . "	Australian cricketer had record breaking career as a spin bowler Also well known for numerous off-field scandals ; became subject of a musical Runs a charitable foundation and still plays the Twenty/20 version of the game
EW.com  -- Ladies , what have you done to Jack White ? On the former White Stripes frontman 's first solo album  which is also his first full-length since his 2011 divorce from model and Third Man labelmate Karen Elson  , he thinks you 're all out to get him , you liberated women who got " freedom in the 21st century , " who feel " no responsibility , no guilt or morals , " who want to cut off his arms and store them in the icebox or drill holes in his lifeboat with your spike heels . He tapped an all-female band to back him on "  Saturday Night Live " recently , but here he 's still dreaming of the old days , when men were men , and girls would " hold their hands behind them . " If White 's afraid of modern women , it 's because he 's always fetishized the past ; he 's a man so bugged out by technology , he once built a guitar from three nails , some wood , and a Coke bottle . Musically , that nostalgia for simpler times works here . Now a Nashville resident , he 's recruited pedal-steel players , harpists , and violinists for a set so vintage in style -- with nods to '70s country  " Blunderbuss "  , '60s garage  " Sixteen Saltines "  , classic rock  " Freedom at 21 "  , and the blues  " I 'm Shakin " '  -- that it 's sequenced to play on vinyl . There 's a certain Opryland jam-session charm to it all , but "  Blunderbuss " lacks the electric jolt that made previous outfits the White Stripes and the Dead Weather so exciting . Maybe because it 's also missing the awesome battle-of-the-sexes tension between White and his " sisters " in those groups . He 's right that a modern woman should know her place -- and sometimes , that place is right in front of the band . B See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Blunderbuss " is Jack White 's first solo album Musically , that nostalgia for simpler times works here There 's a certain Opryland jam-session charm to it all , but "  Blunderbuss " lacks the electric jolt
