LONDON , England  CNN  -- A London-based Web site has dropped a Dutch lawmaker 's film that features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed with verses from the Quran to paint Islam as a threat to Western society , citing threats to its staff . Geert Wilders ' 15-minute film , "  Fitna , " was the top film on LiveLeak.com on Thursday . LiveLeak.com said in a statement Friday that it decided to remove the film a day after it was posted "  following threats to our staff of a very serious nature . " Attempts to reach LiveLeak for further comment were unsuccessful . However , Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said the government was concerned that Geert Wilders ' film "  Fitna " could provoke a violent backlash . "  The possibilities are there of real threats , " Balkenende said . "  I have already warned Dutch people that there could be enormous consequences on the basis of our intelligence services and what we heard from the business sector . " Early response in the Netherlands was restrained , but hundreds of Muslims rallied in Pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access to YouTube last month over a trailer for Wilders ' film . The protesters burned the Dutch flag and called on Pakistan to cut ties with the Netherlands . The Dutch government and others , including the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , have rejected the film . Still , Wilders stood by his project . "  My intention was not to offend in any way but to show the truth -- at least , the truth as I see it , " Wilders said . "  And if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem . " Watch Geert Wilders speak about his controversial film " Wilders , a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom and an outspoken critic of Islam , said he does n't hate Muslims . But he said he has "  big problems " with the Prophet Mohammed , the Quran and "  everything that is stated inside this terrible book . " Despite LiveLeak 's decision to drop the film , "  Fitna " was posted on several other Web sites , including Google Video and YouTube , a Google subsidiary . The film was easily accessible via Google , but YouTube posted a disclaimer with the video and required a login to view it . In a statement , YouTube said , "  YouTube allows individuals to express themselves and to communicate with a global audience . The diversity of the world in which we live ... means that some of the beliefs and views of some individuals may offend others . " The film is also hosted on a Dutch Web site . The Web site of Wilders ' political party also links to sites where the film can be viewed . The title of the 15-minute film , "  Fitna , " translates in Arabic to "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . Criticism of Wilders and the film grew Friday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the film , calling it "  offensively anti-Islamic " while urging calm . "  There is no justification for hate speech or incitement to violence , " he said in a statement . "  The right of free expression is not at stake here . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this story .	LiveLeak.com removes controversial film , citing threats to its staff Dutch prime minister says government is concerned about backlash Filmmaker says his intention was to show "  the truth as I see it " "  Fitna " remains posted on several other Web sites
Kevin Trudeau , the television pitchman and author who amassed a fortune telling consumers his secrets about how to get free money , how to lose weight and how to cure a number of illnesses the natural way , is headed to federal prison . Trudeau , 51 , was sentenced to 10 years on Monday for criminal contempt for violating a 2004 federal court order that prohibited him from making misleading infomercials and misrepresenting his weight-loss books . During Monday 's sentencing hearing he also got a tongue-lashing from U.S. District Judge Ronald Guzman , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Chicago . "  Since the age of 25 ,  Trudeau  has attempted to cheat others for his own personal gain , " Guzman said . In a sentencing memo , prosecutors called Trudeau an "  unrepentant , untiring , and uncontrollable huckster who has defrauded the unsuspecting for 30 years . " Trudeau was convicted of criminal contempt by a jury in November 2013 and has been in federal custody since his conviction . Evidence was presented at his trial that Trudeau appeared in three infomercials in 2006 and 2007 , and in those infomercials he misrepresented the contents of one of his weight-loss books . The U.S. attorney said those infomercials were not only untrue , but they violated the 2004 court order that prohibited the infomercials . According to his book covers , several of his books have been number one on the New York Times bestseller list . Trudeau 's defense attorney , Tom Kirsch , told CNN on Monday night that his client intends to file a notice of appeal in the case . 2010 : Trudeau in contempt of court	Kevin Trudeau was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison on Monday The TV pitchman and author was convicted by a jury in 2013 Trudeau was found guilty of misrepresenting his weight-loss books Prosecutors called Trudeau an "  uncontrollable huckster "
CNN  -- Chrysler took the preemptive step this week of recalling nearly half a million vehicles because of issues with the active head-restraint function found in several makes and models . The problem is related to a "  potentially faulty microcontroller  that  entered the supply chain after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan caused a worldwide microcontroller shortage , " Chrysler Group said in a news release issued Wednesday . Because of such defective microcontrollers in some vehicles , the active head restraints -- which are supposed to automatically move forward during some rear-impact crashes , thereby helping prevent neck injuries -- are n't working properly . The Chrysler Group said it does n't know of any injuries or accidents tied to the issue . Some 442,000 vehicles sold in the United States are affected by the recall , as well as 25,000 in Canada , 10,000 in Mexico and 12,000 elsewhere . Makes and models affected by the recall are : -- 2011 to 2013 Chrysler Sebrings , Chrysler 200s and Dodge Avenger midsize cars . -- 2011 to 2012 Dodge Nitro SUVs . -- 2011 to 2013 Jeep Liberty SUVs . The Chrysler Group 's recall comes weeks after the company resisted the federal government 's attempt to make it recall vehicles over a potential fire hazard . Chrysler stated earlier this month that it would not comply with the demand to recall vehicles that , the government said , had a high risk of catching fire when struck from behind . But it reversed course on June 18 , hours before a government deadline . Even then , the company still claimed the 2.7 million recalled vehicles -- 1993 to 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokees and 2002 to 2007 Jeep Libertys -- are safe . Witness talks about fiery Jeep crash	Chrysler recalls 490,000 Chrysler , Dodge and Jeep vehicles It has to do with a fault controller related to its active head restraint The company knows of no injuries or accidents tied to the problem Earlier this month , Chrysler reluctantly recalled 2.7 million vehicles
CNN  -- A 12-year-old California boy accused of fatally stabbing his 8-year-old sister had been suspended from his middle school this year after being accused of bringing a small pocketknife there , according to a fellow student and a school administration source . Police announced Saturday that the boy had been arrested on a homicide charge in the late April stabbing death of his sister , Leila Fowler , at their northern California home . Before Leila 's death , the boy 's middle school in Valley Springs suspended him for five days after he brought a small pocketknife to school , according to one of the boy 's classmates . That account was backed up by a school administration source . Authorities have n't revealed what kind of knife was used in Leila 's death , which happened April 27 inside the family home in Valley Springs . The death of Leila , known for her bubbly personality , shook the small town of Valley Springs , where ribbons in her favorite color of purple were tied to stop signs . Leila 's brother had told police that he 'd seen an intruder leaving the home . But Saturday , police announced that the boy had been arrested .	Police say California boy , 12 , arrested on suspicion of fatally stabbing sister Leila Fowler , 8 Boy was suspended this year for bringing small pocketknife to school , two sources say Authorities have n't said what kind of knife was used in girl 's death
Giglio , Italy  CNN  When the Costa Concordia and its salvage convoy finally depart Giglio , the residents of this picturesque Tuscan island will breathe a collective sigh of relief -- and shed a collective tear . Nothing much ever happened on Giglio before the doomed cruise liner crashed here on that fateful Friday the 13th in January 2012 . There were the odd inconveniences , like when bad weather stopped the ferries and cut off the island from the mainland , leaving the local population of about 900 people with limited supplies . The island had its fair share of tourists , but according to Mayor Sergio Ortelli , Germans came to camp and there were pockets of British who came to bird watch , but none of them left much of an impact . "  We were a perfect place , a best kept secret , " he told CNN . That all changed shortly after the Concordia ran aground , killing 32 passengers and crew as it capsized and then sank into the pristine coral reefs near the harbor on the eastern side of Giglio . Within a few weeks of the disaster , foreign salvage crews moved in , first to defuel the crippled vessel and later to remove it . Italian with a Tuscan accent was no longer the language of commerce on the island . If the local businesses wanted to cater to the crews -- some 600 workers from 29 different countries at the height of the operation -- they had to learn at least a little bit of English , Dutch , German or Spanish . The languages have infiltrated the local dialect . The locals have also had to adjust their menus and hours of business to accommodate the crews ' varied tastes and round-the-clock shifts . Suddenly , Giglio 's bars and pizza joints found themselves serving lunch fare at night for the workers who needed packed lunches for their graveyard shift -- and beer at 7:00 am for the workers who were just coming in off the rigs who wanted an after-work drink . "  Our whole perspective changed , " Rosalba Brizzi , owner of Bar Fausto in the center of the port -- a favorite spot for the salvage crews -- told CNN . "  No one ever challenged our way of doing things before . We were set in our ways and then suddenly our little island had to adjust to one of the most diverse populations anywhere in Italy . Can we go back to how we were before ? I do n't know how to do that . " Brizzi is one of the lucky Giglese whose business boomed when the crews came . She offered up a "  lunch to go " service to make packed lunches for the crews to take on site , and allowed Titan Micoperi -- the firm behind the salvage of the Concordia -- to set up a credit system so workers could sign for their meals . And despite being forced to serve bacon and egg baguettes and chicken salad sandwiches with pickles , which she said she has yet to sample , she says she will miss the workers when they go . "  Our lives have been so enriched by this experience , and I do n't mean monetarily . I 've met people from Samoa , from South Africa , from places I had never heard of , " she said , her eyes welling up with tears . "  They 've brought their families , they show us pictures from home . And now we will lose them all . They wo n't come back . " The sentiment is echoed along the port , where locals have given the ship nicknames like "  the tomb , " "  the dead whale " and the "  astroship . " Trudy Brandaglia , an Australian who has had a tourist rental business on the island for nearly 30 years , said the salvage workers have become like family . "  We will miss them terribly , " she told CNN . "  We are going to be lost without them . " The Giglese have adamantly refused to capitalize on the crash through tourist trinkets . You wo n't find t-shirts that say "  I got wrecked on Giglio , " or even models of the ship . But the island does have two memorials to the 32 victims of the disaster and the Spanish diver who died during the salvage operation . One is a plaque with the victims ' names engraved on it affixed to the stone wall of the pier closest to the wreck . The other is a statue of the Virgin Mary donated by the husband of Maria Grazia Trecarichi , one of the last victims to be found . The statue 's neck is adorned with rosaries left by passengers and survivors ' families who have come to pay their respects on the island . Father Lorenzo Pasquotti of the local Catholic church , which was a shelter for hundreds of passengers the night of the accident , has also created a museum in the church that includes life jackets from the ship , hard hats , a piece of rock from the bottom of the cruise liner and a tiny vial of oil from the Concordia 's engines , almost like a relic of blood from a saint . He also keeps a loaf of bread , meant to signify the feeding of the salvage crews , and the crucifix and communion tabernacle from inside the Concordia 's chapel . Pasquotti also keeps the cards and letters passengers have written to Giglio to thank the islanders for their help . But Pasquotti 's church has scars , too . There is a crack in the apse from the underground drilling to remove the ship , which he says the workers have promised to patch up . The crews working under the direction of Nick Sloane , the man overseeing the world 's biggest ever salvage project , have also been toying with the idea of leaving some sort of memorial made from the implements of salvage . According to Sloane , workers have discussed building a funicular from the port to the town of Castello , high on a hill overlooking Giglio 's port . They may also try to leave behind some of the high-end fiber optic cables that were installed to give the island better Internet and phone service as crews hatched their plan to raise the Concordia . Giglio remains the epicenter of one of the most technically-advanced salvage operations on the planet , but you still ca n't buy a cellphone or computer charger anywhere on the island . Whatever emotional scars from the shipwreck remain on the island , the physical scars are worse . No matter how diligently crews work to clean up the implements of salvage , Giglio is indelibly marked with signs of the unspeakable tragedy that happened here . Giglio 's pristine underwater ecosystem has been marred by the 30,000 bags of cement and grout poured into the reef , along with the pillars drilled deep into the island 's bedrock in order to support the giant steel platforms that cradled the Concordia for most of the past year . When all of the cement and steel is finally removed , the seabed will have to heal itself . All of the underwater grasses and mollusk fields that were relocated when the ship crashed will have to be moved back , even though they are thriving in their new environment . Divers working on the site say the ship has also created a bizarre unnatural reef where fish and sea snakes swim among the pillars and in and out of the ship 's broken windows . Several local dive companies want to create a new reef and dive school using the steel platforms that propped up the Concordia . But Gian Luca Galletti , Italy 's environmental minister , says that is not an option , even though the Giglese have been presenting redevelopment plans that include keeping the platforms in place . "  The platforms will be dismantled , " Galletti told CNN , before adding that this was an Italian decision -- not one that could be made solely by the people of Giglio . "  We have always hypothesized from the beginning that Giglio would be returned to the same state as it was before the shipwreck and there were no platforms before the shipwreck . " Franca Melis , who owns a popular restaurant in Castello and a dive company in Giglio 's port , disagrees . "  It is a mistake to remove them when we could have one of the best dive sites in the world if we leave them , " she told CNN . "  It will disrupt the seabed for another two years to pull them out , like a rotten tooth from the seabed . Let 's try to see the bright side and use them to bolster the local economy . " "  When the ship is gone , it will be like this island is dying twice . Let 's try to save ourselves . We are going to die here without that boat . " READ MORE : How the Costa Concordia was raised	Foreign workers descended on Giglio , Italy after the Costa Concordia crashed there in 2012 Their arrival transformed the language , culinary scene and nightlife on the tiny Tuscan island Islanders are trying to come to terms with what life will be like when the foreign crews leave
CNN  It was FIFA 's handling of the report into bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups that convinced Luis Figo it was time to take a stand . The 42-year-old , a man of formidable football pedigree , confirmed to CNN in an exclusive interview on Wednesday he wants to replace Sepp Blatter as president of world soccer 's governing body . After growing weary at FIFA 's increasingly tarnished reputation , he 's asked supporters the world over to follow his crusade to rehabilitate an organization he says has become a byword for scandal . The tipping point came towards the end of 2014 , when FIFA opted not to publish a report by U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia into allegations of corruption during the race to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , releasing its own summary of his findings instead . "  I think that was the moment of change and the moment I thought something had to be done , " Figo told CNN anchor Alex Thomas . "  If you are transparent and if you ask for an investigation , a report , which you have nothing to hide , why do n't you make public that report ? If you have nothing to hide about that , you have to do it . " Having decided to run , and with a trophy-laden career to bolster his credibility , Figo now must convince the majority of FIFA 's 209 member associations that he means business . The former Portugal captain has made transparency a key plank of his pitch for soccer 's top job , underlining that a change in leadership and governance is the only way to revitalize FIFA 's reputation . He also vowed to release more of FIFA 's vast financial reserves to its federations in the hope of boosting the sport at grass roots level . And he gave short shrift to any suggestion that his candidacy was a publicity stunt , an accusation leveled at former France international David Ginola who recently launched his bid alongside a bookmaker and confirmed he was being paid for his involvement . "  I do n't need to be a candidate to get publicity . I had a fantastic career and I 'm very proud of so many years playing at a high level , " explained Figo . "  I 'm not getting paid . Fortunately I have a situation that allows me to pay for my candidature , and I 'm lucky that I can pay my travels and support my expenses . "  I think the organization is right now not a football organization -- it is more a political organization , " he added referring to FIFA . "  We have to care about the future of football , try to restore the leadership , the governance and big transparency and solidarity with the federations . " Figo does not want for style or substance , but his decision to take aim at Blatter is a gamble . The 78-year-old has been ensconced in FIFA 's corridors of power since 1998 and still enjoys firm support among its member associations despite the increasingly beleaguered nature of his rein . Many commentators see May 's election as a forgone conclusion , but even if Figo is the only candidate to make his way onto the ballot paper it will still represent progress from 2011 's ballot . Back then , Qatar 's former FIFA member Mohamed Bin Hammam withdrew from the race after he was suspended on bribery charges , leaving Blatter to run unopposed . Figo joins a list of presidential hopefuls that includes Ginola , independent candidate Jerome Champagne , Asian Football Confederation vice-president Prince Ali and Michael van Praag , the head of Dutch football . Of those names , it is arguably only Figo who has the potential to loosen Blatter 's stranglehold on FIFA 's top job . "  I can say I 'm a real candidate after today and I 'm looking forward to opening the debate and trying to get the support of many federations to have the chance to be the president , " added Figo . "  I think to -LSB- take -RSB- this step you have to be prepared . Of course I did my homework but I have a lot of things that I have to learn , to improve , but if your mind is open I think it 's much more easy . "  I have my ideas about what is football and what is good for improving FIFA but I think my experience of my career is a positive thing that allows me to understand a lot of the game . My first priority is to know from the federations what they need . "  I think one important thing is to increase the solidarity payments to the federations , because right now FIFA has so many financial reserves that belong to the federations . " Figo : A modern footballing great Figo 's glittering , and at times controversial , career began with Sporting Lisbon in Portugal before he moved to Spanish giants Barcelona in 1995 , quickly establishing himself as one of its best players . Alongside an all-star cast that included Brazilian pair Rivaldo and Ronaldo , as well as Dutch striker Patrick Kluivert , Figo was part of the Barca team that won back-to-back La Liga titles in 1998 and 1999 . He also won five cup competitions in Catalonia , including the UEFA Cup Winners Cup and the UEFA Super Cup in 1997 . By this time Figo had established himself as one of the finest players in the world and one who was adored by the club 's fans . So when it was announced he was leaving to join Barca 's biggest rival , Real Madrid , it was seen as not just a betrayal of the club but the whole region . Then Barcelona president Joan Gaspart reacted to news that Real had activated Figo 's # 37.5 million  $ 56m  buyout clause by vowing : "  I wo n't forget this . Someone who does this to me will pay for it . " Figo was denounced as a "  money-grabber " and was afforded a vitriolic reception on his first visit to Barcelona 's Nou Camp stadium with his new club , though it would intensify in the 2003 season as coins , bottles and even a pig 's head was thrown at him by a rancorous home support . But his defection to the Bernabeu helped Real re-establish themselves as Spain 's pre-eminent force as they won the La Liga title in 2001 , going on to secure a prized European Champions League crown the following season . His signing kick-started Real 's "  Galacticos " brand with stellar names such as Zinedine Zidane , Ronaldo and David Beckham also acquired . By the time Figo left for Inter Milan in 2005 he had collected seven trophies -- the same amount he won at Barca . In Italy , Figo won four successive Serie A titles , one Italian Cup and three Italian Super Cups before retiring in 2009 . Figo also represented his national team with distinction , becoming the country 's most capped player with 127 appearances . Portugal made the semifinals of Euro 2000 and went out of the 2002 World Cup at the group stage before suffering a heart-breaking , shock defeat to Greece in the final of Euro 2004 , which it hosted . He retired from international football at the 2006 World Cup , after he captained his side to the semifinals , where it was beaten by France . The race to become president Figo 's declaration means there are now five potential challengers to Blatter 's throne , but two important hurdles must be overcome before any of them can officially join the race . First , they need to prove "  an active role in association football for two of the five years preceding his proposed candidature , " then demonstrate they 've got the backing of five of FIFA 's 209 member associations . Jerome Champagne , an independent French candidate , was the first to declare his bid back in September , but revealed earlier this month he was struggling to attract five nominations . Prince Ali , who has been the president of Jordanian football since 1999 , announced his intention to stand on January 6 but has said very little publicly about his campaign . It remains to be seen whether he can muster five backers , but Blatter 's stranglehold on power was underlined when the Asian Football Confederation confirmed its intention to support him instead of Prince Ali , who is its vice-president . Ginola , a former player with French champions Paris Saint-Germain and English Premier League sides Tottenham and Newcastle , launched his bid in London on January 16 saying it was time to "  reboot football . " But his charge was immediately undermined by the revelation that his bid was being backed by bookmaker Paddy Power , who has a self-confessed penchant for mischief , and that he was being paid # 250,000  $ 375,000  for his involvement . Ginola 's prospective bid is reliant on crowdfunding to help him through to May 's elections but so far it has only raised # 6,300  $ 9,500  . Doubts also remain as to whether he 'll be able to find five associations to support him . Van Praag , who has been head of Dutch football since 2008 , entered the fray earlier this week , vowing to "  normalize and modernize " FIFA . The 66-year-old was critical of Blatter when the Swiss backtracked on his decision to stand down after his current term as president ended , and is confident he has already secured five nominations . As part of his candidature , Van Praag is reportedly ready to offer Blatter an advisory role if the Dutchman is elected FIFA president . The deadline for applications was on Thursday but it might be next week before FIFA announces who has made their way onto the ballot paper for the election , held in Zurich on May 29 .	Luis Figo exclusively reveals to CNN he wants to become FIFA president Figo says FIFA 's handling of the Garcia report in WC bidding convinced him to stand Soccer 's governing body only published its own summary of lawyer 's findings Figo says FIFA is more of a political organization than a football one
CNN Student News  -- October 19 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : New York City Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- A Los Angeles County Superior Court commissioner revoked the probation of actress Lindsay Lohan on Wednesday and ordered her to appear in court next month . "  In the case ending 679 , probation is revoked , " Commissioner Jane Godfrey told Lohan 's attorney in court . "  Defendant ordered to appear . " Lohan , 26 , was n't in court Wednesday . The probation violation hearing will be on January 15 . Photos : Celebrity mugshots Lohan was on probation for a 2011 conviction on charges she stole a necklace , but that probation was jeopardized last month when the city attorney in Santa Monica , California , filed four charges against her in connection with a car crash last summer . Lohan 's long history in the criminal justice system and her struggle with drugs and alcohol have taken her to court 19 times and to five rehabilitation facilities for a total of 250 days since January 2007 . In the Santa Monica case , Lohan is accused of giving false information to a police officer , obstructing or resisting a police officer in performance of his duty , and reckless driving , according to the city attorney 's office . The charges , all misdemeanors , stem from a car crash last June while Lohan was on her way to the set for the filming of "  Liz & Dick , " a Lifetime movie that aired this week . Read more : Liz & Dick ' producer talks the risky business of hiring Lindsay Lohan She is accused of telling police her assistant was driving the Porsche , while witnesses told investigators they saw Lohan behind the wheel . "  During the subsequent investigation , information was developed that Lohan was the driver of the Porsche when the accident occurred , " the Santa Monica prosecutor said in a statement to CNN last month . On the day the city attorney filed charges last month , Lohan had been earlier arrested in New York in connection with an alleged 4 a.m. fight at a Manhattan nightclub . Lohan may have hit another woman at the Avenue Lounge , New York police said . Authorities declined to say whether she faced charges . In that case , Lohan 's New York lawyer , Mark Heller , told CNN last month : "  Once again , Lindsay Lohan is a victim of someone trying to capture their 15 minutes of fame . " "  From my initial investigation , I am completely confident that this case will be concluded favorably and that Lindsay will be totally exonerated , " Heller said of the New York incident . Read more : Lindsay Lohan hangs with The Wanted post-arrest ? CNN 's David Daniel and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Revocation comes as actress faces new charges related to a car crash last summer Lohan was ordered to appear in court on January 15 She was n't in court to hear the probation revocation , but her attorney was
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lil Za , former house guest of Justin Bieber , accepted a plea deal for probation Wednesday to settle drug and vandalism charges stemming from the January search of Bieber 's mansion . The rapper -- whose real name is Xavier Smith -- pleaded "  no contest " to a felony drug possession charge and a misdemeanor vandalism count during a hearing in Los Angeles on Wednesday . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's investigators were looking for evidence that Bieber , 20 , attacked a neighbor 's home with eggs in January , when they arrested Lil Za for possession of suspected illegal drugs . Lab tests confirmed one of the drugs in the 20-year-old rapper 's possession was MDMA , also known as Molly or Ecstasy , a sheriff 's detective said . The vandalism charge was filed after Lil Za ripped a jail phone off the wall of a holding cell while waiting to be released . Lil Za must pay the sheriff $ 600 for the phone damage , along with $ 1,000 fine on the vandalism charge . He was sentenced to three years probation on the drug charge . He must also attend an outpatient drug treatment program and work 20 days on a highway cleanup crew . Judge Mitchell Block said as he sentenced Lil Za that he had noticed his good behavior during his several previous court appearances in the case . "  That impresses me as someone who will take his probation seriously , get the job done that needs to be done , " Block said . Smith was represented in court by lawyer Shawn Holley , who is also Bieber 's attorney . The Los Angeles County district attorney has yet to decide if Bieber will be charged with vandalism for the egg attack . The prosecutor could decide to make it a felony case , since investigators said it caused an estimated $ 20,000 in damage to a Calabasas , California , mansion . It could also be prosecuted as just a misdemeanor because of the nature of the incident . Sheriff 's detectives asked for a felony charge against Bieber , but his lawyers argue that the egging was a childish prank . Bieber egging ' a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue	Lil Za gets 3 years probation , 20 days on a highway cleanup crew He was arrested by deputies looking for evidence that Bieber egged a neighbor 's home Prosecutor still considering if Bieber will face a felony for egging a neighbor The rapper 's lawyer is Shawn Holley , who also defends Bieber
CNN  -- It 's an unnerving realization : the futuristic films of your youth have become reality . The lasers that terrified a generation in HG Wells 's War of the Worlds are now used in everything from DVD players to the operating table . While Star Trek 's farfetched "  language translator " is as simple as downloading an app to your smart phone . Now the slick electric cars that battled against each other in 1980s sci-fi thriller "  Tron " have leaped from the movies to our front doors . Introducing the world 's first Formula E motor race , an international competition where high-tech electric cars speed around some of the world 's major cities -- all without a drop of gasoline in sight . "  These motors are something no one has ever done before -- it 's pretty science fiction , " said Formula E CEO Alejandro Agag . "  If you think of movies like Tron or Star Wars and the noise those cars make , Formula E will sound a lot like that . The sound of the electric engine is quite interesting -- it 's much lower , very futuristic , a bit like a jet fighter . " Brave new world The future , it seems , is much closer than you think . From September next year these battery-powered beasts will be zipping around 10 of the biggest cities in the world , as part of a year-long competition that could revolutionize not just the sport -- but the future of transportation . Much like traditional Formula One racing , the competition will feature 10 teams , each with two drivers , who will go head-to-head in 60-minute races . Beijing -- one of the most polluted cities in the world -- is expected to be the first to host the radical competition showcasing green technology . Other cities will include London , Los Angeles and Rio de Janeiro . Already , major motorsport teams have signed up to the ambitious plan -- including U.S. team Andretti Autosport , Britain 's Drayson Racing , and China Racing -- each expected to spend between $ 5 million and $ 10 million developing their high-tech engines . Watch this : The aerodynamics of F1 "  We 're not trying to compete with Formula One -- we 're positioning ourselves in a completely different way , " said Agag . "  FE will be much more focused on new technology , " he added . "  The lower level of sound also means we can race in the heart of major cities without the same level of disruption . " Battery beasts As the name suggests , Formula E is all about electric power -- and that means big battery engines . Each battery weighs 200 kilograms , producing around 200 kilowatts of power . Depending on the speed , an electric engine can last anywhere from a few hours to just 25 minutes . And if you thought they lacked the grunt of traditional engines , think again . These battery beasts can hit speeds of 220 kilometers per hour . The gas pump is also a thing of the past in the brave new world of zero-emission racing . Once the battery is used , it can be charged again as many times as you like . "  From the outside they look just like other racing cars , " said Agag . "  They 're slightly smaller with more weight towards the back where the battery is . "  At the moment the electricity is from batteries but in the future it could run on different sources of energy . We 're already working on a hydrogen prototype . " Green machines Driving this new technology is n't just an era of Tron-like expansion . It 's a racing industry grappling with increased environmental concerns . For more than 60 years , Formula One has raced gas-guzzling cars across a planet which is now facing not just the threat of climate change , but limited and expensive oil supplies . Two years ago motorsport 's international governing body , the Federation International de l'Automobile  FIA  , announced an ambitious plan for an electric car race that would mimic the hugely popular F1 series . Now as the deadline for Formula E looms , it could have a big impact on the future of car manufacturing . "  If you look in the past , a lot of development in the car industry has come from racing , " said Agag . "  The transfer of technology is potentially very big . "  It 's important because people are not buying electric cars at the moment -- they think they 're too slow , with limited range , and ugly . But if you show that they can go faster , longer , you 'll change people 's minds -- they 'll be more likely to buy electric . " When Formula E waves its chequered flag for the first time in September next year , it will be a momentous moment in the history of motor racing -- and a step towards the sci-fi future .	The future is electric -- introducing Formula E racing New motor racing competition features battery-powered cars Engine sounds like something from sci-fi films Tron and Star Wars Cars can hit speeds of 220 kilometers per hour
CNN  -- Sen. Ted Kennedy would have had a "  very , very difficult " time politically surviving the drowning death of a young woman if it happened in the era of blogs , talk radio and 24-hour news cycles , experts said . Sen. Ted Kennedy hit the airwaves to say it was "  indefensible " he did n't immediately report the accident . Mary Jo Kopechne , 28 , drowned after Kennedy drove his Oldsmobile off a bridge following a regatta party in July 1969 . The incident on Chappaquiddick Island , Massachusetts , helped dash the youngest Kennedy brother 's chances at the Oval Office in 1972 and 1980 . Massachusetts was more forgiving than the rest of the nation , however , backing Kennedy by a 3-to-2 margin in his 1970 bid to keep his Senate seat . That his brothers , John and Robert , had been assassinated in recent years may have been a factor , experts said . Watch Kennedy attend brother Robert 's funeral " "  Great expectations and great tragedy has always been the storyline of the Kennedys , " said Christopher Arterton , dean of George Washington University 's graduate school of political management . "  The people of Massachusetts were prepared to forgive a lot of transgressions . " Kennedy vanished to the family compound for days after the incident , huddling with advisers before emerging the following week to plead guilty to leaving the scene of an accident . A judge suspended his two-month jail sentence . Critics saw the plea as an attempt to stifle details that would have emerged during a trial . In a display of the senator 's legendary oratory , he delivered a nationally televised explanation and apology , saying it was "  indefensible " that he had n't called police until the day after the accident . See how Chappaquiddick fit into Kennedy 's legacy " "  If at any time , the citizens of Massachusetts should lack confidence in their senator 's character or his ability , with or without justification , he could not in my opinion adequately perform his duty and should not continue in office , " Kennedy said . Jim Baughman , author of "  The Republic of Mass Culture : Journalism , Filmmaking , and Broadcasting in America since 1941 , " said he recalls Kennedy 's address being "  less an explanation to the country than to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . " The nation 's response was tepid . According to a Time-Harris poll in August 1969 , about 44 percent of respondents said Kennedy failed "  to tell the real truth , " 51 percent said his explanation was inadequate and 77 percent said he was wrong not to report the accident immediately . However , 58 percent of respondents said "  he has suffered , been punished and should be given the benefit of the doubt . " Watch a timeline of Kennedy 's tragedies , triumphs " "  I think the national repercussions would have been more severe -LSB- today -RSB- , " Baughman said . In 1969 , the national media were dominated by three TV networks and a handful of magazines and newspapers . New media and talk radio would be a "  much more ferocious force " today , he said . Media reports from the time indicate few mysteries were solved by Kennedy 's address . Then-Edgartown Police Chief Jim Arena was often lambasted for his handling of the case . He said Thursday he would handle it no differently today except that he would charge Kennedy with vehicular homicide , a charge that did not exist in 1969 . "  I will always contend that what happened that night was an accident . What happened afterward has never been completely explained , " said Arena , who is now 79 . In his national address , Kennedy said he was driving Kopechne to a ferry landing because she was tired . He denied "  widely circulated suspicions of immoral conduct " and also refuted reports that he was "  driving under the influence of liquor . " Watch Kennedy 's explanation " Kennedy said his unfamiliarity with the bridge , which had no guardrails and met the road at an awkward angle , caused him to drive off the side and into Poucha Pond . "  The car overturned in a deep pond and immediately filled with water , " Kennedy said . "  Water entered my lungs and I actually felt the sensation of drowning , but somehow I struggled to the surface alive . " Kopechne did not . Kennedy said he dived back into the water several times , "  but succeeded only in increasing my state of utter exhaustion and alarm . " Conceding he did not seek a telephone , Kennedy said he returned to the party and summoned a cousin and friend to the scene . They , too , failed in saving Kopechne , he said . "  All kinds of scrambled thoughts -- all of them confused , some of them irrational , many of them which I can not recall , and some of which I would not have seriously entertained under normal circumstances -- went through my mind during this period , " he said . He asked to be taken to the ferry slip , he said , where he jumped into the water , swam the 500-foot channel back to Edgartown , returned to his hotel room and collapsed . It was n't until morning that he called police , and then , only after he called legal adviser Burke Marshall , he said . The media clamored with questions : Why had Kopechne left her purse and room key at the cottage and told no one she was going home ? How did Kennedy get lost on a one-turn trip to the ferry ? Was the ferry operating when Kennedy and Kopechne left ? "  The larger anger about it was the 10-hour lag -LSB- in reporting the accident -RSB- , that he was more concerned about his reputation than this young woman 's life , " Baughman said . "  He did n't take enough time to blame himself and take responsibility . " Today , Baughman said , Kennedy could still survive a Chappaquiddick -- largely because of the Kennedys ' clout and because Massachusetts is so enamored with the family -- but it would be tougher with the Slate.coms and Drudge Reports of the world hounding him . George Washington University 's Arterton concurs that , like Jesse Helms ' North Carolina or Strom Thurmond 's South Carolina , Massachusetts would likely forgive one of its favorite sons today . If Kennedy survived his first re-election , as he did in 1970 , he likely would have prevailed in later ones , though it would have been "  very , very difficult to remain in office , " Arterton said . He also doubts Kennedy would have been able to isolate himself with advisers for days without making a statement . Watch a newsreel of Kennedy 's early years " "  In the cable news era , that would not have been possible , " he said , explaining that blogs and other new media would have prodded the networks and newspapers . "  There would have been much more effort to dig into that story nationally . " At the least , Baughman said , "  you 'd have maybe a more diverse conversation about Kennedy 's culpability and judgment . " Then-Chief Arena remembers the intense criticism of his investigation from his own counterparts . Diver John Farrar , who pulled Kopechne from the car , told media outlets she may have lived had Kennedy called police immediately , and George Killen , a detective-lieutenant with the State Police , alleged at the time that Kennedy "  killed that girl the same as if he put a gun to her head and pulled the trigger . " Kennedy 's explanation was a "  weak defense , " Arena acknowledges , but he insists there was no evidence of negligence to facilitate manslaughter charges . Arena said the Kennedys never pressured him during the investigation . He also never obfuscated details to benefit Kennedy -- in part , because of a paternal adage he has always held dear . "  When you tell the truth , you do n't have to worry about what you said the first time , " he said . "  The charge I came up with was the only one I thought we could prove . ... I did what I could , and I 'll stick by it . "	Media "  more ferocious " today , would n't have left questions unanswered , expert says Ex-police chief says he would have charged Kennedy with vehicular homicide today Chappaquiddick incident credited with ending Ted Kennedy 's presidential hopes Chief : "  What happened afterward has never been completely explained "
CNN  -- Chelsea stayed on course to add the Europa League to their Champions League triumph of last season with a dramatic 2-1 win over FC Basel in their semifinal first leg match in Switzerland Thursday . Chelsea put on a display in Basel 's St. Jakob stadium which had echoes of their commanding performances in Europe 's premier club competition 12 months ago and grabbed a last gasp victory thanks to an injury time goal from David Luiz . The English Premier League side had led after an early goal from Nigerian international Victor Moses , but the home side drew level with a late Fabian Schar penalty . The equalizer sparked a late Chelsea charge and Brazilian star Luiz found the net from a free kick , his low shot eluding Yann Sommer in the home goal . "  It 's difficult to win here and to score the second goal with the last kick of the match was amazing for us , " a delighted Luiz told ITV Sport after his dramatic late intervention . In the other semifinal , Turkey 's Fenerbahce will take a 1-0 lead to Portugal for the second leg after beating Benfica . Fenerbahce dominated the match and Christian saw his penalty in the first half strike the base of the post . They also hit the woodwork with two other efforts until Egeman Korkmaz made the breakthrough in the 72nd minute with a strong header from a corner . Benfica 's best effort saw Nicolas Gaitan strike the post with a curling shot and they will be looking to retrieve the narrow deficit in their home tie in Lisbon . Famous fan Basel had reached the last four by beating another English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur on penalties , but watched by tennis maestro and football fan Roger Federer they found Chelsea a tougher proposition . Moses headed the visitors in front in the 12th minute from a Frank Lampard corner and they might have added to their advantage before the halftime interval . Basel improved after the break and Valentin Stocker hit the post with a shot with Petr Cech beaten . At the other end Fernando Torres also struck the woodwork after a cut back by Eden Hazard . But late on Cesar Azpilicueta 's seeemingly innocuous challenge on Stocker saw the home side awarded a surprise penalty . Schar kept his nerve to beat Cech but Chelsea responded with a series of telling attacks and John Terry was left shaking his head as Sommer saved his point blank headed effort . But Rafa Benitez 's men reserved the best to last as Stocker fouled Ramirez 25 meters out and Luiz performed his late heroics . It left Chelsea in an excellent position to finally capture a trophy under the interim reign of Benitez , having exited after the group stages of their defense of the Champions League .	Chelsea beat FC Basel 2-1 in their Europa League semifinal first leg match Fabian Schar penalty for home side cancels out Victor Moses opener for Chelsea David Luiz scores winner in injury time for last season 's Champions League winners Fenerbahce beat Benfica 1-0 in first leg of other semifinal in Turkey
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops denounced President Barack Obama 's compromise over whether to require religiously affiliated institutions to provide contraception to female employees , saying the proposal raises "  serious moral concerns , " according to a statement posted on its website late Friday . "  Today 's proposal continues to involve needless government intrusion in the internal governance of religious institutions , and to threaten government coercion of religious people and groups to violate their most deeply held convictions , " the statement said . Under the new plan announced by Obama , religiously affiliated universities and hospitals will not be forced to offer contraception coverage to their employees . Insurers will be required , however , to offer complete coverage free of charge to any women who work at such institutions . Women who work at churches , though , will have no guarantee of such contraception coverage -- a continuation of current law . News of the compromise came after days of escalating partisan and ideological rhetoric over the divisive issue . The White House originally wanted to require hospitals and schools with religious ties to offer full contraception coverage . Many Catholic leaders and other religious groups strongly oppose any requirement for contraception coverage on theological grounds . The question of whether institutions with religious ties should be required to offer insurance plans covering birth control and the so-called morning after pill , among other things , hits a number of political hot buttons . Liberal groups have pushed for an expansive contraception coverage requirement on grounds of gender equality in health care . Conservatives generally consider it a violation of the First Amendment and an infringement on religious liberty . The statement released by the Catholic Bishops conference said the proposal requires "  careful moral analysis , " saying it did not appear to offer clear protection for self-insured religious employers or religious and secular for-profit and non-profit employers . It came hours after the president briefed New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan , head of the Catholic Bishops conference . Dolan later released a statement declaring "  while there may be openness to respond to some of our concerns , we reserve judgment on the details until we have them . " But ` today 's decision ... is a first step in the right direction , " he said . Under the proposal , there will be a one-year transition period for religious organizations after the policy formally takes effect on August 1 . "  No woman 's health should depend on who she is or where she works or how much money she makes . " Obama said at the White House . But "  the principle of religious liberty " is also at stake . "  As a citizen and as a Christian , I cherish this right . " The president also discussed the decision with Sister Carol Keehan of the Catholic Health Association and Cecile Richards , head of Planned Parenthood . Some political analysts believe the controversy could cost Obama votes in politically critical states like Pennsylvania and Ohio in November , while others insist it will ultimately hurt Republicans with suburban women . Reaction to Friday 's decision fell largely along predictable party lines . Democratic leaders embraced the revised rule , while Republicans called it inadequate . "  The rule announced by President Obama today guarantees that all women will have access to free contraception coverage through their employers , while protecting the religious freedom of faith-based institutions , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  I strongly support the rule announced today because in the year 2012 , women should not be denied access to contraception . ... Whether women choose to use contraception should be their decision , not the decision of their employers or politicians in Washington . " Planned Parenthood 's Richards also praised the decision , arguing that "  in the face of a misleading and outrageous assault on women 's health , " it "  does not compromise a woman 's ability to access these critical birth control benefits . " But conservative Rep. Jim Jordan , R-Ohio , insisted the revised rule still violates the Constitution . "  This ObamaCare rule still tramples on Americans ' First Amendment right to freedom of religion , " Jordan said in a written statement . "  It 's a fig leaf , not a compromise . Whether they are affiliated with a church or not , employers will still be forced to pay an insurance company for coverage that includes abortion-inducing drugs . " Rep. Fred Upton , R-Michigan , said the revised rule "  simply pretends to shift costs away from religious employers , but it does n't fix the problem and is another call for individuals and institutions to compromise on principle . " Upton , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , said Friday 's decision guarantees congressional action on the matter . "  The Constitution does not compromise ; those rights are inalienable and can not be bartered away for political expediency and convenience , " he said . "  The administration has simply reaffirmed that congressional action to permanently reverse this mandate is necessary . " Published polls show a slight majority of U.S. Catholics actually favored the administration 's original proposed rule . "  I think  Obama 's  punting , just kicking the can down the road , " Miami Archbishop Thomas Wenkis told CNN . "  He 's has n't really addressed our concerns . I think the only thing to do is ... to take back the whole thing . " Sister Keehan from the Catholic Health Association said she was "  very pleased " with the White House . Sources familiar with White House thinking on the matter have said the administration is convinced approval from conservative Catholics is out of reach , and is trying to win over more progressive Catholics . Bloomberg reported Wednesday that the administration was deeply divided over how to handle the issue . Vice President Joe Biden -- who is Catholic -- and former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley warned Obama about the possibility of negative political repercussions in swing states if the White House moved ahead with the initial rule . Several female members of the administration -- including Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius -- urged the president to move forward with the initial rule , Bloomberg said . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney denied the report , though he declined to offer any details . "  A lot of these accounts are overdramatized , " a senior administration official insisted Friday . On the presidential campaign trail , GOP frontrunner Mitt Romney pledged earlier to eliminate the original version of the rule on his first day in office . Both the White House and Romney 's Republican opponents , however , noted a Massachusetts law in effect while Romney was governor that required hospitals -- including Catholic ones -- to provide emergency contraception to rape victims . It 's ironic for Romney to criticize "  the president for pursuing a policy that is virtually identical to the one that was in place when he was governor of Massachusetts , " Carney said Wednesday . Romney , in turn , said Carney needs to "  check his history . " In 2005 then-Gov . Romney vetoed a bill that would have required all hospitals -- including Catholic hospitals -- to provide emergency contraception . The heavily Democratic state legislature overrode his veto . According to news reports at the time , Romney initially said his administration would not enforce the law at Catholic hospitals . But he later reversed course , saying all hospitals would have to supply the morning-after pill . Romney was quoted at the time as saying , "  My personal view in my heart of hearts is that people who are subject to rape should have the option of having emergency contraception or emergency contraception information . " "  I worked very hard to get the legislature to remove all of the mandated coverages , including contraception , " Romney told reporters Wednesday . This "  was a provision that got there before I did , and it was one that I fought to remove . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Dan Lothian , Dan Gilgoff , Eric Marrapodi , Deirdre Walsh , Jessica Yellin , Brianna Keilar , Paul Courson , Ted Barrett , and Dana Bash contributed to this report	NEW : Catholic bishops group says the president 's new plan is a "  needless government intrusion " NEW : The Catholic Bishops conference said the proposal requires "  careful moral analysis " Insurers must offer free coverage to women working at religiously affiliated institutions The original rule said religiously affiliated employers must provide full contraception coverage
CNN  -- Vanderbilt University on Tuesday dismissed wide receiver Chris Boyd from the football team and athletic program four days after he pleaded guilty to helping cover up an alleged on-campus gang rape . The star athlete accepted a yearlong probation sentence and agreed to testify against four men accused directly in the crime . Vanderbilt 's athletic administration conducted a review of the case , including information disclosed at Friday 's hearing . "  The review concluded that Mr. Boyd 's admitted actions are clearly inconsistent with the high standards of behavior expected of our student-athletes , " a vice chancellor said in a statement . After prosecutors laid out the case against him , Boyd pleaded guilty to one count of being an accessory after the fact . As part of his plea deal , Boyd said he will willingly pay court costs , face 11 months and 29 days of unsupervised probation and "  testify truthfully " against the men he helped in June . Friday 's court hearing revealed information about the prosecutors ' case against the four former Commodores players charged with rape . Chris Boyd indicted in rape case Davidson County Deputy District Attorney Tom Thurman alleged in court that early on June 23 , Brandon Vandenburg took an unconscious Vanderbilt student into a building on campus . Thurman said he was joined in his dorm room by three others also charged with rape -- Cory Batey , Brandon Banks and Jaborian McKenzie . "  Different individuals " then sexually assaulted the young woman , the prosecutor said , as captured by CNN affiliate WSMV . Vandenburg texted the 21-year-old Boyd a picture of her , which Boyd promptly erased so his girlfriend would n't see it , Thurman said . Soon after that text , Vandenburg called Boyd , "  saying the victim had been messed with in the hall and sexually assaulted in the room , and he needed Mr. Boyd to come over , " Thurman said . Boyd went over and , with two other people , moved the woman -- who was lying in the hall unconscious , partially clothed -- to a room , put her on a bed and then left , Thurman said . Subsequently , Boyd exchanged texts with Vandenburg and Batey , Thurman said . In one , Boyd said , "  Tell the boys to delete that sh ** . I 'm looking out for your a ** . " Boyd also texted his girlfiend that he "  got everything cleared up " and "  deleted everything , " Thurman said . More texts followed the next day , including one in which Boyd detailed how he had helped move the young woman and said "  she does n't know anything that happened . " Boyd also talked about it with Vandenburg , Batey , Banks and McKenzie at a Popeyes restaurant , Thurman said . "  The defendant was not completely truthful with the police or the district attorney 's office in his initial interviews , " the prosecutor said . " ... He later came forward and gave additional information . " Asked later by a judge whether Thurman 's presentation was correct , Boyd replied , "  Yes , sir . " After the hearing , his lawyer , Roger May , described Boyd as "  a 21-year-old young man that was forced with making a decision in a situation that he did not fully understand . " "  He is paying for that decision , " May added , "  and he will be paying for it the rest of his life . " Two ex-players on California high school football team accused of sex crimes CNN 's Greg Botelho and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Star Vanderbilt football player is dismissed from the team Chris Boyd pleaded guilty to being an accessory after the fact in an alleged gang rape Plea deal calls for one year of probation and testifying against four accused of rape Prosecutor says Boyd exchanged texts with suspects , helped move victim
The FBI issued a warning Sunday to members of the U.S. military that ISIS is calling for attacks against them , according to a law enforcement source , saying that "  overseas based individuals are looking for like-minded individuals in the U.S. to carry out these attacks . " "  We also request members of the military review their online social media presence for any information that might attract the attention of violent extremists , " the bulletin said , advising that members of the military "  use caution and practice operational security when posting . " The new FBI bulletin includes a concern that ISIS members are "  spotting and assessing " individuals in the U.S. who they believe may be interested in carrying out attacks on U.S. soil against members of the U.S. military , a U.S. counter-terror official tells CNN . The bulletin language warns of "  individuals overseas spotting and assessing " individuals in the U.S. , based on their social media postings in support of the group . The warning encourages members of the military to "  exercise operational security " in response to such threats , including reviewing their online social media postings so as not to make themselves easier targets . U.S. law enforcement posted the warning now in advance of the upcoming holiday season when many members of the U.S. military travel in uniform . The new warning also cites several recent attacks in Canada against members of the Canadian military , including the Oct. 22 Ottawa shooting and two other attacks using cars . The concern in the FBI and intelligence community is that ISIS members overseas are tracking personal information about "  specific " U.S. soldiers -- such as their addresses and even their relatives addresses -- based on their social media posts , according to a law enforcement official briefed on the matter . The concern is that ISIS operatives are gathering it overseas and then identifying homegrown violent extremists in the U.S who could help carry out the attack . The source says the idea is basically " I do n't have to come and get him -- I can call someone in the U.S. who wants to support the cause and they can do it . " The FBI is working very closely with the military and intelligence community to address the issue . A Pentagon spokesman said Monday morning that the bulletin "  reinforces the guidance our combat commanders put out several weeks ago . This is nothing new for us . " Col. Steve Warren , the Pentagon spokesman , said he was "  aware of no new intelligence " that led to the bulletin being sent . The FBI also issued a security bulletin in October warning of similar attacks on U.S. soil against law enforcement personnel and members of the news media . Terrorism and security experts have expressed growing concerns in recent months that ISIS could inspire individuals in the West to carry out terrorist attacks . Australian authorities in September foiled an ISIS-inspired plot to kidnap and publicly behead someone in public . Iraq 's army weakened from within by 50,000 ` ghost ' soldiers	The FBI issued a bulletin on Sunday warning servicemen and women of possible ISIS threats The memo asked members of the media to review their social media profiles
The chances you will get sicker or even die just because you went to the hospital have gone down dramatically . This has been a huge problem . For many years hospital mistakes and hospital acquired infections have been one of the biggest killers of Americans . Yet a new report shows that patient safety efforts at U.S. hospitals seem to be paying off . An estimated 50,000 more patients are alive today that would n't be if hospitals kept making the same number of mistakes they did in 2010 , according to this new report from the Health and Human Services Department  HHS  . It released the new numbers Tuesday and called the improvement -- particularly the improvements in 2013 -- "  remarkable . " "  Hospital-acquired conditions , " as they are called in the industry , include falls , pressure ulcers , infections at surgical sites , pneumonia caused by a patient 's ventilator , catheter problems , and problems with a patient 's drugs . Preliminary estimates show that in total , hospital patients experienced 1.3 million fewer instances of harm from 2010 to 2013 . This translates to a 17 % decrease over the three-year period . This is good news since a 2010 report from HHS 's Office of the Inspector General had found that 27 % of Medicare patients had come to some kind of harm because of the care they received at the hospital . And these were n't simple incidents . Half of those patients experienced a significant problem that ended in serious or permanent injury or even death . Hospital-acquired infections and mistakes have cost the industry and taxpayers billions . And at any given time about 1 in every 25 inpatients has an infection related to hospital care according to data from the CDC . The most common health care-associated infections were pneumonia , surgical site infections , gastrointestinal infections , urinary tract infections , and bloodstream infections . This latest report found the most improvement was in the mistakes hospitals make with a patient 's drugs . Too often patients get hurt because they 've been given too much medicine or a hospital has given them a drug they are allergic to or they are even giving the wrong drug . There was a 40 % reduction in these kind of mistakes . The report also found there were fewer patients that developed bed sores and fewer patients who experienced infections from catheters . Fixing this problem has been a big priority for the industry and for the government that has spent years working on ways to compel hospitals to better protect their patients . It 's unclear from the report what made the most difference . New financial incentives from Medicare to make fewer mistakes may have played a role . Technological advances could also be key . All of this is good news for patients and it is great news for the health care system itself . Fewer mistakes saved $ 12 billion over the past three years according to the report . While she said there is still more work to do , HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell seemed happy about the progress . She called the results "  welcome news for patients and their families . " "  These data represent significant progress in improving the quality of care that patients receive while spending our health care dollars more wisely . HHS will work with partners across the country to continue to build on this progress . "	An estimated 50,000 more patients are alive today that would n't be if hospitals kept making the same number of mistakes they did in 2010 A 2010 federal investigation had found that 27 % of Medicare patients had come to some kind of harm because of the care they received at the hospital The biggest improvement came in the form of prescription drug errors , those were down 40 %
CNN  -- As the crisis in Syria intensifies and Bashar al-Assad 's hold on power starts to unravel , concerns are mounting over what may come next for the beleaguered nation . Some foresee bloody sectarian strife or a descent into militia rule , while others fear what might become of its chemical weapons stockpile . Not all observers agree it 's the beginning of the endgame for al-Assad , but all are sure there 's no clear road map for what lies ahead . The prospects for al-Assad are "  very grim , " said Shashank Joshi , an associate fellow at the UK-based Royal United Services Institute think tank and a doctoral student at Harvard University . Syria 's chemical weapons threat demands a response "  There 's no going back , " he said . "  He 's not far from collapse , because what 's occurred through defection or assassination is that the political part of his regime has been hollowed out . " By contrast Dr. Dan Plesch , director of the Centre for International Studies and Diplomacy at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London , considers it too soon to write al-Assad out of the picture . But in a scenario where he is pushed out -- bringing to an end four decades of rule by him and his father before him -- the Syrian military will likely play a major role in what happens next , Plesch said . Recent defections of high-level officers -- notably regime insider Brig. Gen. Manaf Tlas -- on top of the desertion of many rank and file personnel , signal an erosion of the army 's coherence in the face of the rebellion . Many of those at the top are determined to fight on to the end because they fear the personal consequences for them if they lose , analysts say . In what some saw as a turning point after more than 16 months of violence , al-Assad lost four top aides following an explosion in Damascus last week , as rebel forces attacked the capital and Syria 's commercial hub , Aleppo . Reinforcements head to Aleppo So far , al-Assad has shown no signs of quitting . But what 's not yet clear is how much stomach he has for a continued bloody conflict , and whether he might be more inclined to negotiate a transition than some of his immediate entourage , Plesch said . If al-Assad 's ouster were the result of a "  palace coup , " involving negotiation between some insiders and the insurgency , slightly more continuity would ensue , said Joshi . However , such a transition is likely to be unstable because many rebels would refuse to accept it and would fight on . He believes it more likely that the regime collapses entirely and the Syrian National Council -- an opposition coalition whose leadership resides outside of Syria -- stakes a claim to lead the transition as part of a coalition also involving opposition figures within Syria and Kurdish and liberal representatives . However , unlike Libya , where the National Transitional Council presented a fairly unified voice as Gadhafi 's regime crumbled , the opposition in Syria remains more fragmented and no credible transitional leader has yet come to the fore , Joshi said . Plesch agrees that while the Syrian National Council "  aspires to be the linchpin in the transition , " questions remain over how effective it could be and what support it commands among rebels on the ground . Ausama Monajed , who advised a previous president of the Syrian National Council , told CNN in March that his group has a plan for a post-Assad era , including the formation of a transitional unity government and a body to draw up a new constitution and election laws , leading eventually to parliamentary and presidential elections . At the time , observers responded with skepticism . "  There 's a lack of coordination amongst the insiders , and they represent the outsiders , not the insiders , " said former U.S. ambassador to Syria Edward Djerejian . "  It 's not a coherent opposition leadership . " What we need to know about Syria Another scenario sees Syria descend into a chaotic and bloody sectarian conflict , pitting Syria 's majority Sunni Muslims against the ruling Alawite sect , an offshoot of Shiite Islam , and embroiling its Christian , Druze and other minority groups too . Such a conflict risks destabilizing the wider region . The recent defection of two key Sunni figures , Tlas and Syria 's ambassador to Iraq , Nawaf Fares , means all al-Assad has left is a narrow Alawite bloc with shrinking public support , Joshi said . If the regime collapses , the Alawites could retreat to strongholds in the northwest of the country around Latakia and attempt to reconstitute a state there , he said . Syria 's Kurds could also seek greater autonomy , a move which would worry Turkey , which has a troubled relationship with its own Kurdish population . However , Rime Allaf , an associate fellow at the Chatham House think tank , argues against making too much of Syria 's sectarian tensions . The regime "  has been using the sectarian line , but the opposition and the rebels have increasingly repeated that they do not view it in those terms , " she said . "  So it 's not the Alawites who are crumbling , it 's a regime . ... It means many people within that regime , whatever religious denomination they are , they do n't necessarily agree with the way things are happening . " Sectarianism aside , the large number of militia groups that have taken up arms across Syria will present a "  significant challenge " to the country 's future stability whoever ends up in power , Joshi said . They range from the pro-government Shabiha militia groups , blamed by opposition activists for many of the more brutal attacks on civilians , to rebel hardline Islamist groups and local networks that have formed to protect their villages . At the same time , the rebel Free Syrian Army , largely composed of soldiers who defected from the al-Assad regime , is more a loose organization of armed groups than a coherent military body , said Joshi . Faces of the Free Syrian Army He predicts that whatever Syrian government results from the conflict will not be in charge of its whole territory , a problem made worse by the porous nature of the country 's borders . If the Syrian National Council ultimately does take charge , it may struggle to contain the worst excesses of the militia groups , he said . The International Committee of the Red Cross said this month that it considers the conflict a "  non-international armed conflict " -- or a civil war -- but some analysts say international forces are in fact involved . Opposition forces are being "  quite well-armed and probably trained by external clandestine forces from the Gulf states and probably from Turkey , " Plesch said . Questions should also be asked about some European and North American involvement , he added . At the same time , Syria 's neighbors , which include Turkey , Iraq and Lebanon , all have a stake in how the conflict plays out and exert varying degrees of influence within Syria . Part of the international community 's unease stems from Syria 's position as a regional powerhouse . "  Syria really is the epicenter of the Arab-Israeli conflict , and the international community 's confrontation with Iran , " said Plesch . Another concern to those watching from the wings is Syria 's stockpile of chemical weapons . Syria 's foreign ministry said Monday that the country has chemical weapons that it would be willing to use against foreign attackers , although it sought to roll back the message Tuesday . Its remarks led to strong warnings from U.S. officials , including President Barack Obama , who said such a move would be a "  tragic mistake . " Obama administration officials are now holding regular high-level meetings to discuss the ongoing situation in Syria and begin thinking about U.S. priorities in a post-Assad era , a senior U.S. official told CNN Monday . The Obama administration has also stepped up its discussions with Israel , Jordan and Turkey about Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal The al-Assad regime "  probably has the largest and most advanced chemical warfare program in the Arab world , " according to Michael Eisenstadt , senior fellow and director of the military and security studies program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . A Syrian town 's ` street of death ' But there is good reason to be skeptical that this arsenal would ever be used , Joshi said . Syrian commanders would not want to be held individually responsible with no regime to protect them , he said . Commanders are also well aware that the risk of such weapons getting into the hands of allies such as Hezbollah would likely induce external intervention , particularly from Israel . For some observers , the international community 's increasing focus on Syria 's weapons stockpile also conjures unwelcome echoes of the run-up to the Iraq war . Syrian allies China and Russia , who last week blocked another United Nations Security Council resolution for new sanctions if Syrian government forces do n't stop attacks against civilians , are opposed to the kind of foreign intervention seen in Iraq as well as in Libya last year . Moscow indicated Tuesday that Damascus should refrain from making use of chemical weapons in line with its ratification of Geneva protocols . "  Russia 's policy is based on the understanding that Syrian authorities will continue to strictly follow their international obligations , " the foreign ministry said . As for al-Assad , if he is forced from power , his personal fate will likely depend on whether he remains in Syria , and in whose hands . A new regime might want to prosecute him for alleged war crimes or it might decide it would be more advantageous to allow him to go into exile , said Plesch . Al-Assad 's options for exile appear limited , with much of the world outraged by the thousands of civilian deaths resulting from his regime 's crackdown on what it calls "  armed terrorists . " Plesch speculates that a country that is "  not quite Russia , " such as Moldova or South Ossetia , could offer a haven . Alternatively , al-Assad could hang on to power for months yet , if regime forces and the Free Syrian Army continue to battle without a decisive victory on either side and the international community declines to step in . So long as Russia and China continue to block tougher U.N. Security Council action on Syria , foreign intervention seems unlikely . And although U.S. officicals have led calls for an end to the conflict , Plesch suggests that a prolonged conflict in Syria might not be the "  worst option " from an Israeli or American militarist point of view , because neutralizing Syria would have the effect of isolating Hezbollah , and to a degree Hamas , from Iran , an ally of Damascus . "  If you are a Western security planner who thinks it 's highly likely that there has to be a military confrontation with Iran sooner or later , then keeping Syria off the board is probably one of the things that 's quite desirable to do , " he said . Why Syria could get even uglier CNN 's Holly Yan , Barbara Starr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	It is hard to predict what might follow the ouster of Bashar al-Assad , analysts say Syria 's warning it could use chemical weapons against foreign attackers prompts alarm Some fear Syria may descend into sectarian violence , destabilizing the region Syria 's military is likely to play a key role in how events pan out
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean trade official abducted this week in the Libyan capital , Tripoli , has been rescued and his kidnappers detained , authorities said Thursday . The incident has underscored the instability plaguing the oil-rich North African country . Han Seok-woo , the head of the Libya unit of the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency , was handed over to the South Korean Embassy in Tripoli on Wednesday evening and is in good health , the South Korean foreign ministry said . Libyan security forces have arrested the four men who abducted Han , 39 , and determined that they were members of "  an armed group , " the ministry said without providing further details on their identity or the reason for the kidnapping . It expressed its gratitude to the Libyan government for its "  close cooperation " in rescuing Han . After Han 's kidnapping Sunday , the South Korean foreign ministry set up an emergency task force to deal with the abduction and dispatched a special envoy to Libya . It also issued a warning against traveling to Libya and asked the 551 South Korean nationals living in the North African country to leave . Libya 's government and fragile state security forces are struggling to impose law and order in a country awash with weapons left over from the 2011 war that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Militias , former rebel fighters and militants have refused to lay down their arms and often resort to force to impose their demands on the weak central authorities . This month , gunmen shot dead Libya 's deputy industry minister in the first assassination of a transitional government official since Gadhafi 's ouster in October 2011 . Journalist Soo Bin Park reported from Seoul and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Armed men kidnapped Han Seok-woo in Tripoli earlier this week He has now been rescued and handed over to embassy officials , South Korea says After his abduction , Seoul told South Koreans in Libya to leave the North African country The Libyan government is struggling to impose law and order
CNN  -- Two international bridges between Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , and Laredo , Texas , were closed Wednesday because of rising water on the Rio Grande , Laredo officials said . Laredo 's International Bridge I is one of four that connect the two cities , but because it has the lowest elevation it was closed , said Laredo spokeswoman Xochitl Mora Garcia . Officials are worried that the high water may damage the bridge and are removing steel canopy shades authorities believe add weight and stress to the span , the spokeswoman told CNN . Officials expect the bridge to be closed for at least three days , Mora Garcia said . The Rio Grande , which usually has a depth of 6 to 10 feet at Laredo , is expected to crest Thursday at nearly 39 feet , the spokeswoman said . A second crossing , the Colombia Bridge , was closed because the water is cresting there at a higher level , Mora Garcia said . The bridge will be closed until further notice . It will take about a day to remove the canopies at International Bridge I and another day to reinstall them after the high waters subside , Mora Garcia said . About 10,000 to 12,000 pedestrians and 12,000 to 14,000 noncommercial vehicles cross International Bridge I each day , Mora Garcia said . Laredo has a population of about 250,000 , but that typically swells to 350,000 to 400,000 as Mexicans come to the city to shop , visit family or engage in recreational activities , the spokeswoman said . The city is the nation 's No. 1 inland port , Mora Garcia said . International Bridge II and the World Trade Bridge will remain open . Laredo owns and operates the four bridges , Mora Garcia said . "  Pedestrians who have no other alternative to reach Nuevo Laredo are encouraged to return immediately or make arrangements to travel by vehicle by Bridge II , " the city said in a news release . "  Bridge II will NOT accept pedestrians to return to Nuevo Laredo . Colombia Bridge and World Trade Bridge can accept pedestrians . " In addition , buses from Nuevo Laredo will be transporting would-be pedestrians back and forth over Bridge II over the vehicle-only bridge . The arrangement was made between U.S. and Mexican officials and will remain in effect for the duration of the emergency situation , Mora Garcia said . Laredo was planning to open its emergency operation center Wednesday afternoon . Residents in the 100-year floodplain will be notified to evacuate if necessary , officials said . The Laredo Civic Center can be converted into a shelter , the city said . On Wednesday , Texas Gov. Rick Perry announced that he was sending vehicles , guardsmen , and rescue divers to the Laredo area . "  As South Texas continues to feel the effects of Hurricane Alex , we are closely monitoring a storm system that is expected to bring more heavy rains to the area and increase flooding along the Rio Grande , " Perry said . Water service in Laredo will not be affected , but residents in Nuevo Laredo may have water service at 50 percent of the city 's operating capacity , Laredo officials said . Communities throughout northeastern Mexico have been flooded as a result of heavy rains spawned by Hurricane Alex nearly two weeks ago . In the city of Reynosa in Tamaulipas state , on the border with Texas , 23,000 people were in danger Wednesday because of flooding by the Rio Bravo , the government-run Notimex news agency said . Alex stormed onshore as a Category 2 Hurricane on June 30 , causing at least six deaths in Nuevo Leon state .	International Bridge I and Colombia Bridge connect U.S. , Mexican cities Both will be closed because of high levels in Rio Grande They are two of four bridges connecting Laredo with Nuevo Laredo The Rio Grande is expected to crest at nearly 39 feet Thursday
CNN  -- Sometimes I wonder -- am I done parenting yet ? My daughters are out of the house , and  almost  out of grad school . They know all about the birds and the bees . The last thing I should be worrying about is their sex lives . When your kids are 23 and 26 , the operative words are : "  Butt out . " Looking back , I can say in full confidence that I taught them well about sex : Be responsible for your actions and protect yourselves . Say no if you want to . Tell me just enough , but not too much . The goal is to forge a meaningful relationship with someone who is both lover and friend . That was before "  Fifty Shades of Grey " came along . My daughters did n't have the patience to read the novel , as famous for its female fans as for its pathetic prose . Chances are , though , they 'll go see the movie , slated for release on Valentine 's Day . They admit , the catchy , sexy trailer piqued their interest . All the buzz about the movie brings up a dilemma for me as the parent of two girls who are grown , but still forming their sexual identities : Do I really want my daughters seeing a warped , sadomasochistic relationship , dressed up as a Hollywood love fantasy ? I 'm no prude , mind you . As a parent , I 'm chill , I 'm open . But the idea that my daughters would see the romance in "  Fifty Shades " as something to be aspired to makes me just a little uncomfortable . I had the passing thought that "  Fifty Shades of Grey " could be a learning experience . But then I woke up and thought : not for my kids! $  Here I am trying to teach my daughters to be strong women and look at sex in a healthy way . Now they 're being told that for a woman , the secret to really great sex is pain , and plenty of it . Who 's in the ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' cast ? Plenty of people are hating on the film 's ultraviral trailer -- perhaps for the wrong reasons . These critics think the stars are n't attractive enough , old enough , or edgy enough . Some say leading man Jamie Dornan , especially , does n't seem "  in charge " enough to play sadistic-sexy Christian Grey . Even the bondage community does n't seem particularly happy about the book or movie . In anonymous Internet murmurings , some say despite all the trappings , "  Fifty Shades of Grey " depicts an assault on a woman , rather than consensual bondage . Still , the mere appearance of the trailer set "  Fifty Shades " fans aquiver . It got 25 million YouTube views in just the first three weeks . The slick , highly produced trailer , complete with soundtrack by Beyonce , appeals to the younger female demographic , says one film industry analyst . "  They 're going to totally chase the female millennial audience , no doubt about that , " says Paul Dergarabedian , senior media analyst for Rentrak . "  If you look at the number of tweets , the prerelease buzz surrounding this movie , it 's almost like how ` Sex and the City ' was for young women . It 's almost like their ` Star Wars . ' " Psychologist Lucie Hemmen , author of "  Parenting a Teen Girl : A Crash Course on Conflict , Communication , and Connection with Your Teen Daughter , " agrees the movie seems to be targeting a young female audience . "  The male lead is pretty and nonthreatening , even though we 're clear he has his ` naughty ' side . Young women audiences gravitate toward pretty male singers and actors . Just check out who 's selling music and movies to young women and you 're going to encounter a sea of pretty men . " And what is the film telling its potentially young , overwhelmingly female audience ? That submission is the ultimate goal ? That 's certainly at odds with what I 've tried to instill in my daughters -- express yourself , be strong and do n't let anyone make you do anything you 're not comfortable with . Hemmen also has her doubts . "  I do think that it insidiously affects young women , by kind of creating this super , super expanded idea about sex , " Hemmen says . "  This movie is clearly going to depict a sexual relationship that is out of the box . I think it 's better for young people to establish their identity in their own box before they go outside of it to explore Hollywood ideas of what sexuality is . " "  As a psychologist , I would be more concerned about a young woman with less maturity , self-knowledge and clarity exploring the behavior , potentially to please a partner or as a way of acting out poorly understood psychological pain/confusion . In such cases , sexual shame could be triggered and emotional turmoil could follow . " Explaining the wild success of ` Fifty Shades ' It 's for that reason that Hemmen says she 'd rather her 16-year-old daughter not see the movie . "  My 20-year-old can do what she wants . She 's been in the culture long enough to roll her eyes and laugh at it . " In other words : What 's the big deal ? It 's not like young women look up to Anastasia Steele , the "  Fifty Shades " heroine . "  She 's not really a role model , " my 23-year-old says . "  People are exposed to things at a much different speed in this day and age than in the past , " says Lauren Howard , a psychotherapist and clinical social worker . "  At the end of the day , everything is OK between consenting adults . Is there a reason for young girls , specifically , to not see this stuff ? The answer is , it really depends on the girl . " Perhaps , Howard says , the sadomasochism scenes in "  Fifty Shades " will prove more challenging for a male audience . "  It 's more intimidating to men than to women . It portrays a sexual man as someone who acts that way , " she adds . "  They might end up going to the movie with their girlfriend , hoping for soft porn . But that 's not what they 're going to get . What they 're going to get is much more demanding . " Very little is really , truly , off limits these days . Girls much younger than my daughters will surely find a way to see "  Fifty Shades of Grey " -- either in theaters , on cable , or online . What 's unknown is just how profoundly it will affect their emerging sexuality . My daughter 's 21-year-old roommate , Gabby Battistiol , is a big fan of "  Fifty Shades " and other romance and erotic novels . Gabby found the trailer disappointing . "  I just do n't think the actors seem like they 're really into this . It 's almost like they PG-13 'd it . " Meaning , it 's not dirty enough ? No , Gabby says . "  I think they 're trying to get the 15-year-old girls who are obsessed with ` Twilight . ' It brings up this whole fangirl thing . The same girls that like Justin Bieber , like ` Twilight . ' I 'm concerned about it becoming something that it 's not . The sex is more than the love . That 's what I like about the book , " she says. $  "  Now they 're going to make it into a movie , they 're going to idolize  Christian Grey  , but in reality , he still likes pain . " My youngest daughter is all in . "  Everyone 's obsessed with this . " She admits the movie would n't be as popular if the lead roles were reversed , with the man submissive to the woman . "  We live in a society that caters to male pleasure , " she expounds . When I asked if it mattered to her if I did n't want her to go , she shot back : "  You ? No . " How 's that for a slap in the face ?	One parent questions the submissive goal of "  Fifty Shades " for her daughters The trailer has received more than 28 million views "  Fifty Shades of Grey " comes out in theaters on Valentine 's Day 2015
In his final moments , 8-year-old Tyler Doohan managed to rescue six people -- including two younger children -- from a burning mobile home in upstate New York , authorities said . A last-ditch effort , however , to save his disabled grandfather cost the boy his life . His body was found next to his grandfather , whom Tyler considered a best friend . "  It makes me really proud , it really does , but I just want him back , " Tyler 's mother , Crystal Vrooman , told CNN affiliate WHAM . Tyler , an East Rochester resident , was staying at the home of relatives in the nearby town of Penfield on Sunday night when he noticed a fire in the single-wide trailer , said Penfield Fire Chief Chris Ebmeyer . As firefighters and sheriff 's deputies responded to 4:45 a.m. emergency call , Tyler was able to wake six other people in the small trailer , including two more children , ages 4 and 6 , the fire chief said . Then Tyler went back into the blaze to help his grandfather , who was disabled and would have been unable to get out of the home on his own , Ebmeyer said . "  By that time , the fire had traveled to the back of the trailer , " said Ebmeyer . "  Unfortunately they both succumbed to heat and smoke . " The pair were found together on a bed in the back room . It appeared that the boy was trying to lift his grandfather from the bed when he was overcome by the smoke and fire , the fire chief said . Tyler and his grandfather were like best friends , Vrooman said . An online fundraising campaign on YouCaring.com had raised more than $ 28,000 as of Wednesday for Tyler 's funeral and his family . Another relative was found dead in a front room , although his exact relation to Tyler was not clear . Earlier , fire officials had released a mistaken version of the incident , where the grandfather 's and uncle 's locations were switched , due to incorrect information provided by a family member . Tyler 's mother said the boy broke away from his aunt outside the burning trailer and ran back inside to try to save his grandfather . "  All I could think about is how he could n't breathe , " Vrooman told WHAM . She added : "  I 'm just so grateful that he went with people that he loved . He did n't go alone . " The cause of the blaze is still under investigation but believed to be accidental . The conditions of the six survivors were not immediately available . Ebmeyer said the trailer had no working smoke detector . He said that with so many people in one small mobile home , one alarm could have easily woken everyone in time to escape . There was at least one space heater inside the trailer , the fire chief said . Several pets -- including dogs , cats , a rabbit and hamsters -- also died in the fire , Ebmeyer said . The Penfield Fire Company -- a volunteer unit -- intends to create a public service initiative to spread awareness and get smoke detectors out to the public , he said . Meanwhile , Richard Stutzman Jr. , interim superintendent of the East Rochester School District , where Tyler attended fourth grade , issued a statement : "  In bravely and selflessly giving his own life , he was able to save the lives of six others -- and he truly is a hero . " Teen dies stopping suicide bomber at school	Tyler Doohan , 8 , alerts relatives to an early-morning fire , and 6 escape He returns to the mobile home to help his disabled grandfather but dies in effort The single-wide trailer had no working smoke detector , fire chief says
In China , bribery is known colloquially as "  tea money " and nearly everyone from local businesses to foreign multinationals has usually had a brush with it . The practice is so widespread that in Yangjiang -- a steel town in Guangdong Province -- a group of artists even made a cheeky exhibition of the official receipts they received for bribes they paid to build their preposterous iceberg-shaped headquarters in town . Kick-backs in China are often demanded through semi-official means and getting paperwork for overly rigorous fire safety regulations , for instance , is typically one way of oiling the wheels of officialdom . News this month that China has slipped from 80th position to 100 , tied with Suriname and Algeria , in Transparency International 's Corruption Perception Index of 174 countries may come as no surprise to those who live with bribery and graft on a daily basis . ` Tigers and flies ' Yet , the result has thrown a question mark Chinese President Xi Jinping 's "  tigers and flies " campaign . When Xi took office in 2012 , he promised to root out endemic corruption and used a slogan made famous by former dictator Mao Zedong to show that not even high officials would be safe from his anti-corruption drive . Read more : The best and worst countries tackling corruption Since 2013 , more than 70,000 cadres have been probed in a widespread crackdown on corruption that has been so far reaching that international luxury brands have reported a downturn . Luxury goods maker LVMH said in July that its sales of cognac , handbags and watches had all taken a hit amid challenging business conditions following China 's anti-corruption drive . Nevertheless , according to Transparency International , China 's poor score this year may be a sign that deep-rooted and systemic problems are finally being addressed . "  When countries start trying to address corruption they lift up the stone to see what 's underneath and it often looks an awful lot worse than you thought it was , " executive director of Transparency International Robert Barrington told CNN . Perceptions of graft He said that because corruption was often difficult to measure , the index surveyed perceptions among country experts such as businesspeople , diplomats and journalists . "  What happens is that when countries begin to address corruption , actually the perceptions get worse before they get better . " He said for many countries trying to roll back corruption , the starting place is getting more transparency and accountability in the system . "  But what China seems to be doing is having an anti-corruption drive without introducing transparency and accountability which means you ca n't really tell what 's happening . " Without a free press or social media , he said it was quite hard for Chinese citizens to know how widespread the crackdown was or how seriously the authorities were prosecuting it . "  It may be that China is very vigorously pursuing an anti-corruption campaign , but it wo n't get the credit for that success if it does not have greater transparency . " Gifts and hospitality While graft may often be standard practice in China , where it is usually disguised as gifts and hospitality , the victims of corruption are often those who can least afford it . Barrington said that one of the essential tests was whether the money that was being paid ended up with the state or with the individual it was paid to . "  In general , people around the world do become very accepting of corruption , not because they like it but because it seems so monolithic , " he said . "  This is where we feel social media has had such a transformative effect in many countries because it encourages people to band together by putting information out . "  And that is one of the issues with China -- the mechanisms that have worked elsewhere are not going to work there because the state control of information is so very strong . " ` Biggest fall ' China 's slump in the index was one of the "  biggest falls " of 2014 , Transparency said . Other countries whose rankings dropped were Turkey , which dropped five points , and Angola , Malawi and Rwanda , which all dropped four . North Korea and Somalia ranked equal-worst of 174 countries , with a score of just eight . Denmark and New Zealand ranked least corrupt , with scores of 92 and 91 , respectively . "  The Transparency International report is inconsistent with China 's well-known achievements in the anticorruption campaign , " Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hua Chunying told CNN when the report was released earlier this month . "  The public will judge the achievement that the government has obtained and it will not be affected by the index . " Barrington said that despite China 's official line on corruption , many people were taking their discontent to the streets and protesting about graft . "  If you 're not very rich in the first place and to get a state service you should be entitled to for free like healthcare or education and you have to pay a bribe in addition to the fact you 're also very poor , then clearly people feel it . " Read this : China 's slowdown - Good or bad ? More from Virtual Think Tank	Kick-backs in China are known colloquially as "  tea money " in a country where paying bribes is widespread China dropped from 80th position to 100 out of 175 countries in a recent corruption index Transparency International says the country 's poor showing may actually be a sign of improvement
CNN  -- All the self-righteous huffing and puffing in Washington over Ukraine jars on European and especially Russian ears after the multiple U.S.-led invasions and interventions in other people 's countries of recent years . It 's difficult to say what is more astonishing : the double standards exhibited by the White House , or the apparent total lack of self-awareness of U.S. officials . Secretary of State John Kerry risked utter ridicule when he declared it unacceptable to invade another country on a "  completely trumped-up pretext , " or just because you do n't like its current leadership . Iraq in 2003 springs instantly to mind . This is exactly what George W. Bush and Tony Blair did when they "  trumped up " the supposed threat posed by the hated Saddam Hussein 's fabled weapons of mass destruction . Like Saddam , the Taliban leadership in place in Afghanistan in 2001 was deeply objectionable . But instead of just going after Osama bin Laden and his al Qaeda training camps after the 9/11 attacks , Bush  again abetted by Blair  opted for full-scale regime change . The lamentable consequences of that decision are still being felt 13 years later , not least by Afghan civilians who have been dying in ever greater numbers as the final Nato withdrawal approaches . U.S. President Barack Obama , a former law professor who should know better , has charged Vladimir Putin , his Russian counterpart , with violating Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , in breach of international law . But it is Obama , following in Bush 's footsteps , who has repeatedly and cynically flouted international law by launching or backing myriad armed attacks on foreign soil , in Libya , Somalia , Yemen and Pakistan to name a few , without U.N. security council authorization . It is Obama 's administration which continues to undermine international law by refusing to join or recognize the International Criminal Court , the most important instrument of international justice to have been developed since 1945 . And it is Obama 's State Department , principally in the person of Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland , that fatally overplayed its hand in the run-up to last month 's second Ukraine revolution . Nuland 's infamous "  f**k the EU " comment revealed the extent to which Washington was recklessly maneuvering to undermine Ukraine 's elected pro-Russian president , Viktor Yanukovych , by backing the Kiev street protesters ' demands . The EU had wanted to take things more gradually , for fear of provoking the very Russian reaction to which the U.S. now so strongly objects . When the foreign ministers of Germany , France and Poland , acting for the EU , negotiated a compromise agreement on February 22 that envisaged early elections , the crisis appeared to have been defused . Russia did not like the deal , but seemed ready to go along . But within 24 hours , the opposition had torn up the agreement . It forced Yanukovych from power and sacked the government . To alarm in Moscow , where nightmarish World War II memories linger , Ukrainian neo-fascists were among those who seized control . They are now part of the new government in Kiev . The U.S. almost immediately gave its blessing to what the Kremlin later described as a "  coup d'etat " while the EU , knowing this was what Washington wanted , just looked on . Little wonder the Russians were furious at what they saw as a western double cross . Sergei Lavrov , the Russian Foreign Minister , reflected these worries when he voiced "  most serious concern " over Ukraine in phone calls to the French , German and Polish foreign ministers . "  The opposition not only has failed to fulfil a single one of its obligations but is already presenting new demands all the time , following the lead of armed extremists and pogromists whose actions pose a direct threat to Ukraine 's sovereignty and constitutional order , " Lavrov said . But it was already too late . Obama and Kerry seem to have calmed down a little since the crisis first broke . The self-righteous hyperbole about international rights is less evident , though it has not disappeared entirely . Obama has heard the many voices in the U.S. and beyond terming this the worst east-west crisis since the end of the Cold War -- and as the biggest foreign test of his presidency . So now he 's doing what he does best : talking . In his latest phone call to Putin , on Thursday this week , Obama put forward a plan to resolve the stand-off diplomatically . It includes direct talks between Moscow and Kiev , the return of Russian troops to their bases , and the deployment of international observers to ensure the rights of all ethnic groups , including Crimean Russians , are respected . But do n't hold your breath . Putin is in no hurry to back off or back down . He has his tail up after a fortnight in which he exposed the hypocrisy and hollowness of much of western policy and politicians . His behavior , especially in Crimea , has been dangerous , wrong-headed and irresponsible in the extreme . In many ways , Putin is an unredeemed Cold War throwback . He is definitely not the sort of chap one would invite round for dinner , as a former British diplomat commented . The crisis could still explode in his and everyone else 's face . But it was not unprovoked . And the Russian leader has an eye for precedent . Similar battles over so-called "  frozen conflicts " and the rights of isolated ethnic groups loom elsewhere on Russia 's periphery , in Georgia , Moldova , Armenia , Nagorno-Karabakh , and maybe Belarus and the Baltic states too . Putin is putting down a marker , even as he plays Obama and Kerry for fools . Whatever they think in Washington , and whatever the financial markets say , it 's working for him personally . Latest opinion polls in Russia show Putin 's popularity soaring . One of these days western leaders will drop the pious cant , learn to stop under-estimating him , and recognize Russia 's leader-for-life as the canny , very dangerous , utterly unscrupulous opponent he is . Follow live updates The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Tisdall .	U.S. President Barack Obama has charged Vladimir Putin of breaching international law , writes Simon Tisdall Tisdall : It is Obama , following in Bush 's footsteps , who has repeatedly and cynically flouted international law This is the biggest foreign test of Obama 's presidency , he writes In many ways , Putin is an unredeemed Cold War throwback , he says
RS.com  -- The Beastie Boys are planning a memoir commemorating their music and career , but it wo n't be a straightforward narrative-style remembrance . Adam Yauch 's film company carrying out his vision Instead , surviving members Mike D and Ad-Rock plan to create a loosely structured oral history featuring a mix of their voices , outside contributors and images , cut through with their characteristic irreverent humor , The New York Times reports . Mike Diamond  Mike D  and Adam Horovitz  Ad-Rock  have signed a deal with the Random House imprint Spiegel & Grau for the still-untitled book , which will be edited by hip-hop journalist Sacha Jenkins for a planned release in the fall of 2015 . How the Beastie Boys made their masterpiece Diamond and Horovitz are "  interested in challenging the form and making the book a multidimensional experience , " Julie Grau , the publisher of Spiegel & Grau , said . "  There is a kaleidoscopic frame of reference , and it asks a reader to keep up . " The MCs want to strike a tone similar to Grand Royal , the magazine they published briefly in the '90s to dig into their pop-culture interests , their agent , Luke Janklow , said . Beastie Boys ' Mike D feeds Hurricane Sandy victims with free food truck "  The first words out of Mike 's mouth were , ' I do n't want to do a straight memoir , ' " Janklow said . He noted that the band had discussed the idea of a book several years ago before Beastie Boys co-founder Adam Yauch was diagnosed with cancer of the salivary gland . Yauch , known as MCA , died last year at 47 . Their publisher has experience with untraditional memoirs by rappers : Spiegel & Grau also published Jay-Z 's 2010 book , "  Decoded . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	The Beastie Boys are planning a memoir commemorating their music and career Surviving members Mike D and Ad-Rock plan to create a loosely structured oral history The still-untitled book has a planned release date of fall 2015
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- He is the international superstar responsible for breathing life into the iconic comic book hero Wolverine . Her movies have earned more than $ 2 billion worldwide , including the entire "  X-Men " franchise . Hugh Jackman emerges as Wolverine in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " which opened Friday . Actor Hugh Jackman and film producer Lauren Shuler Donner recently sat down for a candid conversation about their new film , "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " Specifically , the pair talked about the scene in which Jackman 's character is transformed from a simple mutant with bony claws that periodically protrude from the back of his hands to an invincible mutant filled with an indestructible metal called adamantium . This scene represents the ultimate birth of a comic legend as the character is transformed from Logan to Wolverine . Watch the scene in which Wolverine is unleashed " Hugh Jackman : I knew this was the birth of the character ; this is where we see him in full flight . It 's called in the comic book "  berserker rage . " It 's not really in the English language , but it may be now ! But , this idea that this complete animal -LSB- has been -RSB- unleashed , which is obviously the entire story -- this battle between the animal and human is something we all relate to . Lauren Shuler Donner : There were many things he had to do in the tank , you know . One of them was he had to be lowered , and then the needles had to come towards him . Now , most of those were CGI , so he had to look in certain places where the needles were . But , he could n't hear -LSB- director -RSB- Gavin -LSB- Hood -RSB- . So they ... tried all kinds of sounds , speakers , everything . ... They finally devised this toe method where , if Gavin pulled on Hugh 's big toe , it meant the things are coming , the second toe is this , the last toe is rise up , very sophisticated .  laughter Jackman : I had in my head that I 've got to be in much better shape -- not better shape , different shape , kind of ridiculous shape because I wanted it to be uncomfortable . I wanted it to feel like I felt when I saw Robert De Niro in "  Cape Fear , " that -- whoa , this guy is dangerous , he 's powerful , he 's dangerous , and he can snap at any point . Donner : There 's an iconic drawing of Wolverine coming out of the tank in the comics with the things popping out of him and his hair all over him in a rage , and we wanted to be that image . That 's the image we wanted for the fans . Jackman : I was a little frightened when I watched it , like , "  Is that me ? " -LSB- My wife -RSB- Deb was like , "  Hugh , this is ridiculous . I do n't even know who that is . "	Hugh Jackman plays Wolverine in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " To create the character , Jackman wanted to be in "  ridiculous shape " How to contact Jackman underwater ? Director used a "  toe method "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- We 're in Hollywood on this month 's CNN Business Traveller where we look at style on the road . As travelers of the world , we want to express our own individuality , we want to fit in and look the part but at the same time stand out . Hollywood is the perfect place to look get to grips with style because in this city - image is everything . Watch the show . " Why style matters If we live in a particular way , we want the same when we travel ; and the airline and hotel industry are more in tune with what we want than ever before . We look at why style matters on the road and in the air . Attire to suit every occasion We get some golden rules from Hollywood stylist Negar Ali who shows Richard Quest how to co-ordinate and downsize his wardrobe , and a secret weapon - equivalent to the ` little black dress ' . Bags of style Your suitcase travels as much as you do and is often the next thing people look at after your clothes . For some , making a statement with their luggage is important , for others functionality is the key . Two business travelers road test some stylish pieces whilst on their business trip to Maastricht . Smart Traveller This month 's Smart Traveller focuses on tagging services that reunites lost property with the owner . Richard Quest found out that it really does work when he left his Treo PDA in the back of a New York taxi and only realized he 'd lost it when he got an email from Zreturn once in LA. . Sunrise to Sunset Award-winning documentary maker Morgan Neville shows us round his hometown -- giving us ideas on how to enjoy our spare time in LA from Sunrise to Sunset . E-mail to a friend	CNN goes to Hollywood to get to grips with traveling in style Top Hollywood stylist shares tips on how to co-ordinate a wardrobe on the road Two business travelers road test some stylish luggage on a trip to Malta
New York  CNN  -- At least a dozen employees of the New York Police Department were reprimanded following an investigation into comments deemed racist that were posted online about the city 's West Indian Day Parade , the NYPD reported Thursday . The comments were posted on a Facebook group page last year called "  No More West Indian Detail , " which has since been removed . The page was used by those protesting NYPD security at the West Indian Day Parade to vent their frustrations . The parade is an annual event in Brooklyn that celebrates West Indian history and culture , but has been a scene of violence in recent years . Some posts referred to the event as "  the unemployment parade , " likening marchers to "  animals . " The NYPD has not identified which posts of the hundred-plus comments were made by its employees . Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly started an investigation into the comments in December 2011 . Last year , two NYPD officers were injured by gunfire near the parade , while marchers accused police of using excessive force . From the archives : West Indians celebrate culture at annual parade	The comments were posted on a Facebook group page last year called "  No More West Indian Detail " It was used by those protesting NYPD security at the West Indian Day Parade to vent their frustrations The parade is an annual event in Brooklyn that celebrates West Indian history and culture
CNN  -- Internationally renowned classical musician Sarah Chang has played violin to audiences in some of the world 's greatest capital cities . But her virtuosity has also helped gain her access to one of the world 's most secretive of places ; Pyongyang . The American with Korean heritage was invited to play in North Korea 's capital with a South Korean orchestra in 2002 , and it proved to be one of the most remarkable experiences of her life . "  It really was very fascinating . It was an experience unlike any other . It was a joint concert between the KBS South Korean orchestra and they shared the stage with the North Korean orchestra . It was pretty powerful , " she said . "  The audience reaction was pretty remarkable . They were very warm . Personally , I was a little sad that did n't get to see the general public . It was a very much a controlled environment to be in ... I could n't go anywhere without two soldiers and an interpreter . " Despite being only 29 years old , Chang has traveled the world and been performing for more than two-thirds of her life . While many child prodigies fail to translate that early talent into a career , Chang has matured into a highly regarded musician who has recorded more than 20 albums .  Her first came when she was only 9  . She credits her successful career to a love for the music and performing . "  I think it was a mixture of genuinely loving being on stage , loving what I do . The travel is amazing , I get to work with the most incredible musicians in the industry . I am so fortunate in that respect and -LSB- I have -RSB- just an amazing team to help , " she said . Watch the full interview with Sarah Chang from Wednesday , May 12 .	Classical musician Sarah Chang played a concert in North Korea The American with Korean heritage said it was a remarkable experience Child prodigy has matured and recorded over 20 albums
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- To most people these days , an "  app " is something you download on your smartphone to help you do a specific task -- say , find a good nearby restaurant . But big tech companies , seeing how applications have boosted the appeal of gadgets such as Apple 's iPhone , are starting to view apps as low-cost enhancements for a broader range of products , from netbooks to TVs and beyond . At the International Consumer Electronics Show here this week , microchip maker Intel launched an app store geared towards netbook computers . Not to be outdone , Samsung announced it will open its own app store for HDTVs , Blu-ray players and mobile phones . Even unlikely players such as Ford Motor Co. are getting in on the app act . Ford announced Thursday that several applications , including one that will read aloud Twitter tweets while you 're driving , will be available on many of its vehicles later this year . What 's driving this sudden app movement ? "  Mobile computer chips have gotten so powerful and affordable , and it 's so easy to get on the Internet , that it does n't make much sense to ship a gadget with dedicated , stagnant functionality , " said Brian X. Chen , who covers technology for Wired.com . "  Add an Internet connection and a software platform open for third-party programmers to develop for -- i.e. , open an app store -- and you can enhance the capabilities of a gadget , thus future-proofing it , at no cost . " Sales of the apps , which typically cost a few dollars apiece , also create a new source of revenue for the device 's manufacturer , Chen said . And consumers win , too : They get more value out of their product without having to keep buying new hardware . Software applications have been around for decades , but it took the recent success of the iPhone and Apple 's App Store -- with their can-do slogan , "  there 's an app for that " -- to make apps sexy on the consumer level . Developers have created more than 100,000 apps for the store -- at no cost to Apple , which takes a cut of revenues . Less than 18 months after the store launched in 2008 , owners of the iPhone and iPod Touch have downloaded more than 3 billion applications . Rival smartphone makers such as Palm and Research in Motion soon followed with app stores of their own . It 's now standard for Web properties such as Facebook , Google and eBay to have mobile apps that let users share updates or make purchases on the go . The number of people who use Internet-enabled mobile devices is expected to pass 1 billion by 2013 , according to industry analysts , meaning that demand for apps will only grow . And as more people grow accustomed to using apps to quickly check the weather or send a tweet on Twitter , more manufacturers will develop apps-ready products , experts say . On Thursday Intel launched a beta version of its app store , called the Intel AppUp center , for netbooks , the smaller , simpler cousins of laptops . About 100 apps , in such categories as entertainment , games , health , social networking , are now available for download at www.intelappup.com . The beta store will host apps for both Microsoft Windows and the open-source Moblin operating system , which target the popular netbook computer category powered by Intel 's Atom processor . "  Apps have been defined in people 's minds as these little things that run on the iPhone . Our focus is on getting lots of smart people to think of the netbook as a device they can target -LSB- for developing apps -RSB- , " said Peter Biddle , who run 's Intel 's Atom software program . Eventually , Intel and its partners expect to expand the store to include applications for smartphones , TVs and even consumer electronic appliances . Meanwhile , Samsung is betting that as television merges with the Internet , more channel-surfers will enjoy being able to order a movie from Netflix or scroll through photos on Picasa without having to leave their couch . Samsung is calling Samsung Apps "  the world 's first HDTV-based application store , " although it 's not expected to launch until later this year . Samsung has opened the store to third-party developers and hopes to have more than 150 apps available for download by the end of 2010 . Many content partners have already signed up . "  There 's going to be an application for everything , " said Samsung product training manager Jermain Anderson , who envisions guys sitting around a living room , playing Texas hold 'em poker on a big-screen TV while holding their virtual cards on their smartphones . Suddenly , a TV becomes more than a TV -- it 's also a computer screen and a gaming console . "  The idea is to make everyone 's life more convenient without them having to go to more than one place to do it , " Anderson said . "  Down the road , the app store will bring a lot of different Samsung products together . " Soon , apps will even be coming to the highway . Ford has signed agreements with three partners : the Pandora music service , Stitcher Internet radio and OpenBeak , which helps users send and receive messages via Twitter . Drivers will not be able to read the tweets on the dashboard -- instead , a computer voice will say them aloud . The three apps would live on users ' smartphones but would be controlled in the vehicle through Ford 's SYNC system , which allows motorists to operate mobile devices through voice commands or steering-wheel controls . The apps will be available later this year for any Ford vehicle with a SYNC system . "  When we saw the apps craze ... -LSB- we realized -RSB- there 's a consumer demand there , " said Alan Hall , a technology communications manager at Ford . Hall was quick to say that Ford would not approve apps -- such as video games -- that might distract the driver . "  Apps are becoming the norm for how people quickly and easily access the information they want , " Hall added . "  People are used to getting information on demand . They have a digital life outside the car -- they should have a digital life inside the car . "	Companies are opening app stores and bringing applications to TVs , netbooks and even cars Intel launched an app store for netbooks at the Consumer Electronics Show this week Samsung will launch an app store later this year for HDTVs and Blu-ray players Ford Motor Co. will make select apps available for new vehicles later in 2010
CNN  You can rest when you 're dead , as the saying goes . And in Ghana , your eternal slumber is done in style . Burying your loved ones in intricate , beautifully crafted -- and , at times a little surreal -- caskets is a common tradition in some parts of the the West African nation . Based in Awutu , a small town in Ghana 's central region , self-taught carpenter Kudjoe Affutu has made a name for himself with his eye-catching style of coffins . "  I love playing with the wood , " he says . "  I did n't study it in the school -- I just love carving . " The plucky , young artisan has always had a passion for woodwork and inspired by artists before him such as Kane Kwei and Paa Joe , his startup began to take shape . "  I saw a designed coffin somewhere and I said : ` No , I have to do this ' and I forced my parents to push me into it . " By 2007 , Affutu had opened the New Generation Woodwork Shop . Seven years on , and the craftsman has found big success thanks to his fantastical funerary boxes . From chickens to sewing machines Burial rites in Ghana are incredibly important in honoring ancestry . In a country where the passing of a loved one is often celebrated with a party-like fervor , the elaborate coffin art allows mourning family members and friends to send their dearly departed off to the afterlife in style . Affutu adds : "  It 's a special coffin that talks a lot about the deceased . But also for the family who sees it to as a last gift to the deceased . " Often designs for these figurative coffins reflect the deceased 's vocation or personality . Perhaps if you worked as a farmer , a chicken casket could be for you . What about a fashion designer ? Well , a sewing machine , what else ? Prices for a custom-made coffin from Affutu vary due to design request , size and where the casket needs to be shipped to . "  When it 's local , it could be around 1,000 Ghanaian cedi  around $ 300  and above . Exported ones are $ 1000 or more . " Eye-catching and strange creations Over the years , Affutu has heard some weird , wonderful and downright bizarre requests for casket creations . Yet , whatever the request , he does n't judge a family 's choice -- he just sees it as a challenge . "  I just think of it and am done . I always see my orders as normal no matter how weird it is , " explains the artisan coffin maker . He adds : "  A family came here some two years ago , and they said our late mother used to be a midwife and we want a designed coffin , something that can talk about her work -- and I came up with a pregnant woman who is about to deliver and it was a fantastic piece . " Affutu has also constructed a variety of fisherman-inspired pieces for departed sea workers including canoes , fishing boats , nets and of course , a variety of fish . Today Affutu employs six full-time staff . But with an increased workforce , other problems arise . "  Like today , for example , we have a lot of work here and I do n't have a big shop ... " He adds : "  Sometimes the materials we use -- it can be scarce for a while and we do n't have enough money to gather or to store materials for many years . " However , Affutu is optimistic about the future , "  In the next five years I want to extend my shop and even the workers or apprentices I have , so that when somebody orders something you can deliver days before its time . "	Kudjoe Affutu has been designing coffins since 2007 His creations reflect the professions of the deceased His strangest creations include a hen , pregnant lady and sewing machine
CNN  -- This week , Colin Powell , a retired four-star U.S. Army general perhaps best known for having served as Secretary of State under President George W. Bush , endorsed Barack Obama 's bid for re-election during an interview with "  CBS This Morning . " Given that Powell had enthusiastically endorsed Obama in 2008 , his decision to back him yet again should n't come as too much of a surprise . Yet Powell 's endorsement of a Democratic candidate is seen as significant because he describes himself as "  a Republican of a more moderate mold , " who laments that GOP moderates are "  something of a dying breed . " Powell expressed discontent with the Republican stance on climate change , immigration and education , and he seemed more comfortable with Obama 's approach to achieving fiscal balance than Mitt Romney 's . Powell is also , among other things , a defender of racial preferences in college admissions and abortion rights . While it is certainly true that Powell 's views were not uncommon among moderate and liberal Republicans of an earlier era , it is not entirely clear why he chooses not to identify as a Democrat or as a liberal-leaning independent . One assumes that Powell has some residual loyalty to the party of Nelson Rockefeller and Gerald Ford , which is , of course , fair enough . But would American democracy be better and healthier if we had more Republicans such as Powell and more Democrats such as , say , former U.S. Sen. Zell Miller , the Georgia Democrat who famously endorsed President George W. Bush at the 2004 Republican National Convention ? LZ Granderson : Both parties have a race problem Some believe that blurring the boundaries of the two major political parties would be a very good thing as it would make legislative compromise more likely . Historically , it is certainly true that avowedly centrist legislators , such as the Southern congressional Democrats who worked closely with Republican presidents such as Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , have played an important role in shaping policy . There is , however , a significant downside to this blurring of boundaries . Political scientists Richard Lau , David Anderson and David Redlawsk have argued that while we tend to focus on voter turnout as an important aspect of democratic citizenship , we should also pay attention to whether citizens are voting correctly . To vote correctly , in the view of Lau and company , is to vote in accordance with your fully informed preferences . And one of the surest ways to increase correct voting is to give voters races in which candidates are reasonably ideologically distinct . If , like Colin Powell , you strongly believe that we need more regulation of carbon emissions , an approach to deficit reduction that involves substantial increases in federal taxes as well as spending cuts , an immigration policy that gives unauthorized immigrants the opportunity to become lawful permanent residents without first requiring that they return to their country of origin , and an education policy that emphasizes higher levels of public spending over competition among educational providers , it would n't just be unusual to back Mitt Romney over Barack Obama -- it would actually be , in the sense articulated by Lau and his co-authors , incorrect . In light of the first-past-the-post nature of our electoral system , and the dominance of the two major political parties , candidates do tend to try to blur distinctions as general elections approach , thus raising the risk of incorrect voting . But as Democrats and Republicans have grown more ideologically coherent , as liberals have joined the Democrats and as conservatives have joined the Republicans , this risk has decreased considerably . One might still object to partisan polarization on the grounds that it makes compromise extremely difficult . Oddly enough , the best solution to this problem might not be weaker political parties , in which individual officeholders are less likely to toe the party line and more likely to cross the aisle , but rather stronger political parties . In "  Better Parties , Better Government , " Joel Gora and Peter Wallison argue that successive legislative efforts to reform campaign finance have left the United States with a candidate-centered rather than a party-centered political system . Specifically , restrictions on the extent to which candidates can coordinate fundraising and campaigning efforts with party organizations have essentially left candidates to fend for themselves . While this might sound more attractive than a system with powerful party bosses , a candidate-centered system leads to a situation in which candidates have to spend enormous amounts of time and effort raising money , particularly if they are challenging incumbents . This in turn makes candidates dependent on donors , whether they are wealthy individuals or special interest groups . One result of a candidate-centered system is that many people who would make excellent public servants are effectively shut out of the political process . In a party-centered system , in contrast , candidates rely on the party for financial and organizational support . This gives the central party organization considerable leverage over candidates , which they can use to enforce some measure of party discipline . Parties would also be more resistant to capture by special interests than individual legislators , as they would be in a position to balance the needs of a much broader array of interests . So how would stronger parties improve the quality of governance ? Whereas individual candidates are primarily interested in their own short-term survival , party organizations have a longer-term perspective . Stronger party organizations would , for example , have a strong incentive to develop a coherent legislative program , as doing so would help build the party brand . If the White House and Congress were controlled by the same party , this coherent legislative program could be implemented more easily under a party-centered system , in which legislators know what they 've been put into office to accomplish , than under a candidate-centered system , in which its every legislator for herself or himself . Consider Obama 's first two years , in which large numbers of congressional Democrats from marginal seats kept frustrating the party 's agenda . These rebellious Democrats feared that sticking with the White House would cause them to lose their seats , but their efforts made Obama look weak , which in turn contributed to the GOP takeover of the House . Had these congressional Democrats been subject to stronger party discipline , the party as a whole might have been much better off . A party-centered system also works better in a divided government , as opposition parties would n't be solely dedicated to frustrating the president 's agenda . Rather , they 'd dedicate themselves to achieving their longer-term legislative objectives , which would often entail working with the other side . A stronger Republican party organization might have exerted more pressure on newly elected congressional Republicans to compromise on the debt limit , as the perception of GOP extremism may have damaged the party 's brand in potentially winnable suburban districts outside of the South . Rather than blur partisan boundaries , what American democracy needs is a healthy dose of responsible partisanship . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely thoe of Reihan Salam .	Colin Powell , a Republican , endorsed Barack Obama for re-election Reihan Salam : Some mourn loss of moderate Republicans but sharper partisan lines are good He says a liberal party and a conservative party enable voters to express preferences Salam : To avoid gridlock , parties should be given more power over members of Congress
The ongoing violence in Syria has left millions of people displaced . And while many Syrians fled to neighboring countries to escape the bloodshed , others have remained despite being in harm 's way , though they have been forced from their homes . According to the United Nations  U.N  , an estimated 4.25 million people are homeless inside the country -- half of whom are believed to be children . Hundreds of thousands of men , women and children have been left vulnerable after being forced to relocate from their homes , often multiple times . Without adequate shelter , food and medical care , many people are now heavily relying on aid agencies to provide basic amenities . The family of Ayesha  not her real name  is among them . Ayesha says she fled her hometown in northern Syria after a bomb destroyed her home , killing two of her teenage children . She now lives in an abandoned building site with her remaining children and grandchildren and she fears for her family 's safety , which is why she has asked not to use her real name . Her four-year-old granddaughter carries a physical scar of the ongoing conflict -- after being burned during shelling . Recalling the days she lived in her own house and farmland , Ayesha says : "  You have five people being killed , at times six or 10 and 15 . Every day they targeted us with bombs , missiles and snipers . " Prison inmates suffer the most in Syria Ayesha is one among the 6.8 million people the U.N. deems to be in urgent need of protection and assistance . The destruction of homes and land has forced many others to abandon their old lives . Zenat  not her real name  , a young mother , says she fled after her house was bombed . Her four-year-old son suffers from burns from that day . "  He was burned while he was at the house , they bombed the house , which collapsed on him , and there is no available treatment for him , " she says . Syria 's medical system has suffered a heavy blow in this nearly three-year-old conflict . According to the World Health Organization  WHO  , more than 50 % of Syrian hospitals have been destroyed or are non-operational . 7-year-old 's story shows pain , worry of Syrian refugees That means , for a mother like Zenat , immediate medical care is unavailable even in dire situations . "  We did not get any help , there are no doctors , where shall we take him ? My heart burned where I saw him this way , it was very hard feeling for me , " she recalls . According to data given to the WHO by Syrian health authorities , as of July 2013 , 60 % of the 91 public hospitals across the country have been affected by the conflict . Of those , 20 have been damaged , and 35 are out of service . Many Syrian doctors have also fled the country and for aid agencies trying to provide medical relief to the needy , Syria remains one of the most dangerous places to work . Some of the heavily damaged towns in Syria have even less access to healthcare . Syria 's health ministry estimates that in the governorates of Deir-ez-Zo , Idleb and Aleppo , 70 % of health centers are either damaged or out of service , the WHO said . World Food Programme beefing up its Syria program Aid needed The United Nations Security Council is trying to ensure aid reaches those suffering inside Syria -- calling on the government to allow cross-border deliveries and on all combatants to agree on humanitarian pauses in fighting for aid convoys . Regardless of the dangers of operating in the middle of a battlefield , several Non-Governmental Organizations  NGOs  are trying to establish medical care , with some hospitals even operated secretly . British-Syrian run charity Hand in Hand for Syria is one of them . It helps operates 37 clinics and hospitals within Syria , supported largely by donated medical supplies and volunteer doctors . In a makeshift clinic in Idleb province , Doctor Mohammed Abdul Salam , a pediatrician and medical director of a children 's clinic run by the charity says : "  There were no incubators in areas outside the government 's control for premature babies . "  In besieged areas , private hospitals used to charge high prices and people could not afford the costs of care , and that 's why there was high infant mortality . " The U.N. body for assistance in Syria -- the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs -- estimates that for 2013 alone aid of $ 1.4 billion is needed to deal with the growing humanitarian crisis inside the country . Destabilization of Syria 's population will have an impact for many , many years to come . But for now , immediate assistance is needed for millions living under dire conditions . How to help Syrian refugees	The United Nations estimates that 4.25 million people are internally displaced in Syria . Many people are now heavily relying on aid agencies to provide basic amenities . The U.N. says that for 2013 alone , aid of $ 1.4 billion is needed to deal with the crisis . The WHO says more than 50 % of hospitals have been damaged or are non-operational .
CNN  -- A federal judge who came under criticism for forwarding a racist e-mail aimed at President Barack Obama earlier this spring will be taking partial retirement , according to a U.S. court website . Montana Chief U.S. District Court Judge Richard Cebull had apologized and offered regrets for the incident , telling the Billings Gazette at the time it was "  a hard lesson to learn . " Cebull will take "  senior status , " next March , according the judiciary 's main administrative office , meaning he will vacate his seat but will be available to hear a reduced caseload . Obama will name the judge 's replacement . Civil rights groups had demanded Cebull 's immediate resignation after the e-mail was revealed seven months ago . He is currently the subject of an internal misconduct review by a panel of fellow judges , the Judicial Council of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . That review has not been completed . Judge asks for probe after sending racist Obama e-mail Cebull did not write the offensive material , but admitted forwarding the message on February 20 to a few friends after it was sent to him by his brother . The Great Falls Tribune was given a copy and reported that the message said : "  Normally I do n't send or forward a lot of these , but even by my standards , it was a bit touching . I want all of my friends to feel what I felt when I read this . Hope it touches your heart like it did mine . "  A little boy said to his mother , ` Mommy , how come I 'm black and you 're white ? ' His mother replied , ` Do n't even go there Barack ! From what I can remember about that party , you 're lucky you do n't bark ! ' " Obama is of mixed race . "  To say it 's inappropriate and stupid is an extreme understatement , " Cebull said according to the Billings newspaper . "  There is no doubt it 's racist . It was n't forwarded for that purpose . If anything , it was political . " The Billings-based judge was named to the bench by President George W. Bush in 2001 . He has been chief judge since 2008 , overseeing two other full-time district judges , three senior or part-time judges and five magistrates . His chambers did not return a call from CNN for comment . Cebull said in the interview his conduct in court over many years has shown he is not a racist , but he admitted the public got that impression from the e-mail . "  And I do n't blame them , " he added . The judge also separately told the Great Falls Tribune , "  The only reason I can explain it to you is I am not a fan of our president , but this goes beyond not being a fan . I did n't send it as racist , although that 's what it is . I sent it out because it 's anti-Obama . " Judge apologizes for forwarding a racist e-mail aimed at Obama Some advocacy organizations said the 68-year-old Cebull should have fully retired , and should have done so months ago . "  Americans expect the courts to be fair , impartial , and open to all , " said Michael Keegan of the liberal People for the American Way . "  Cebull clearly demonstrated that he does not have the temperament to serve as a federal judge , period . " Standards warranting removal are not clear , beyond a violation of civil or criminal law . Congress would have to initiate impeachment proceedings , but the few judges to face that have usually resigned before those proceedings went far . There is no indication the judge in Montana would be subjected to either option . Senior status is a common option for federal judges who have earned enough seniority to qualify for a full government salary while working only part time . A judge must be at least 65 and have served for 15 years . Courts with especially crowded dockets rely heavily on senior judges to help pick up the caseload . According to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , senior judges essentially provide volunteer service to the courts , and typically handle about 15 % of the federal courts ' workload annually . Retired Justices Sandra Day O'Connor , David Souter , and John Paul Stevens are all on senior status . But unlike their lower court counterparts , retired justices can not sit on any Supreme Court cases . Previously on CNN.com : Texas judge warns of civil war if Obama is re-elected	Judge Richard Cebull has apologized for forwarding the e-mail Civil rights groups had demanded his immediate resignation "  To say it 's inappropriate and stupid is an extreme understatement , " Cebull said He says he forwarded it not out of racist motives but out of political ones
Washington  CNN  -- Gay rights activist Kevin Cathcart remembers keenly the day President Barack Obama announced his support for same-sex marriage . There sat Obama , who for years had frustrated many in the gay community by not supporting same-sex marriage , telling ABC 's Robin Roberts that conversations with his daughters and friends led him to change his mind . "  When it finished I hit the replay button and I watched it again , " said Cathcart , executive director of LAMBDA Legal , a gay civil rights organization . "  Then I hit the replay button and watched it again . " Obama hosted a White House reception Friday in honor of Gay Pride month , an event that brought the president full circle with a community whose support helped launch him into the Oval Office . "  After decades of inaction and indifference , you have every reason and right to push loudly and forcefully for equality , " Obama said at the event . "  But three years ago I promised you this , I said that even if it took more time that I would like , we would see progress , we would see success , we would see real and lasting change , and together that 's what we 're witnessing . " It is also a community that , according to a recent CNN analysis of the president 's biggest openly gay "  bundlers , " or fundraisers , helped add at least $ 8 million to Obama 's campaign coffers between January and the end of March . "  President Obama has the enormous admiration and appreciation of not just gay people , but people who care about gay people : our family , loved ones and friends . He has shown moral leadership and taken tremendous steps to end discrimination against gays , " said Evan Wolfson , president of Freedom to Marry . The president "  made such a heartfelt and personal description of how he had changed his mind  on allowing gays to legally marry  . It 's the very same journey that a majority of Americans have taken . " According to a recent CNN/ORC International Poll , 54 % of Americans support legalizing marriages between gay and lesbian couples , with 42 % opposed . Sixty percent of Americans also say they have a close friend or family member who is gay . This would seem to suggest good news for Obama , a man who Newsweek magazine recently dubbed America 's "  first gay president . " Given his opposition to same-sex marriage and the pressure an openly gay staffer faced from conservatives , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney will be hard-pressed to get similar support from the gay and lesbian community . "  My sense is that Romney perceives that not only to secure the nomination but to get the support of the Republican base he needs , he has to take a hard right stand on the issue of same-sex marriage , " said Craig Rimmerman , professor of public policy and political science at Hobart and William Smith Colleges and author of "  From Identity to Politics : The Lesbian and Gay Movements in the United States . " Romney has not received an endorsement from Log Cabin Republicans , a national gay and lesbian GOP organization . Up until about eight weeks ago , some gay rights activists were feeling similarly tepid about Obama , Cathcart said . As a candidate in the last presidential election , Obama enjoyed rock star status among the gay and lesbian community . High-profile , openly gay figures such as musician Melissa Etheridge and DreamWorks SKG mogul David Geffen joined a grassroots army of supporters at campaign rallies for the Illinois senator . But once in office , President Obama 's efforts at pressing the case for gay rights were more muted , gay rights activists said . Some in the community even felt betrayed . "  The administration has done a great deal , but a lot of it was under the radar and less visible and people were focused on the big things , " Cathcart said . " ` Do n't ask , do n't tell ' took a long time and his evolution on marriage took a long time . " Still , some activists found reason to hope for change . The Obama administration criticized a measure in North Carolina , a swing state , that banned same-sex marriage and made civil unions illegal . The president took the same position on a similar Minnesota proposal . On Friday , when the Pentagon held its first Gay Pride event , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta highlighted the administration 's biggest accomplishment in the gay rights cause : repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the military 's ban on openly gay and lesbian members serving in the forces . "  The successful repeal of ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' proved to the nation that just like the country we defend , we share different backgrounds , different values and different beliefs but together we are the greatest military force in the world , " Panetta said Friday in a video message to troops . The administration 's push to emphasize the White House 's support of gay rights is meant to signal to supporters in that community that the president still stands with them , Rimmerman said . "  My sense is that it is going to firm up his support in the lesbian and gay community , " Rimmerman said . Obama "  has been quite cautious in how he approaches significant policy changes . He was afraid to take the lead on this issue until he felt it could be politically justified . It suggests to me a degree of caution that 's probably unwarranted given what he promised as a candidate . "	Obama has boosted his bona fides with gay community 54 % of Americans support legalizing marriages between gay and lesbian couples Newsweek dubbed Obama America 's "  first gay president " on its cover
CNN  Thursday night 's final episode of "  Two and a Half Men " marked the end of 12 turbulent seasons , and the show immediately addressed the elephant in the room : Would Charlie Sheen return ? For the past four years , his character , Charlie Harper , has been dead as a doornail , but the finale showed us that Charlie 's "  widow , " Rose , had been keeping him in a pit in her basement all this time . That is , until Charlie escaped . As the hour unfolded , Alan  Jon Cryer  and Walden  Ashton Kutcher  discovered that Charlie was alive and coming for them to get revenge . Rose  Melanie Lynskey  explained  in a bizarre animated sequence  that Charlie 's life had been saved at the last minute by a goat who jumped in front of the train meant for him , and she took him back to hold him hostage . Seemingly every character in the show 's history -- and many exes , including one who was sleeping with John Stamos -- showed up as Alan and Walden tried to make amends on what they thought might be their last day alive . The pair tried to get help from a police detective played by Arnold Schwarzenegger , who captured Charlie  though it turned out to be Christian Slater he 'd caught  . The two even got a visit from Alan 's son , Jake , now married and living in Japan . Angus T. Jones , who played Jake , denounced the show a few years ago before leaving but returned for the finale . With a minute remaining in the show , Alan and Walden spotted a helicopter in the distance , carrying a piano belonging to Charlie . From behind , we saw Charlie come up to the front door , only to be crushed by the piano . Cut to the show 's creator , Chuck Lorre , saying "  Winning ! "  Sheen 's catchphrase during his troubled times  before he was crushed by a piano himself . It was a bizarre finale to say the least , almost reaching "  Newhart " proportions . The fourth wall was broken so many times , it was demolished . Lorre anticipated that people would be disappointed by the lack of Sheen and explained in his vanity card that the actor was offered the chance to appear in the final scene to deliver a few lines before being crushed by the piano but refused . Sheen tweeted earlier that he was appearing on "  The Goldbergs " but would never appear on "  Two and a Half Men " again . Some fans were mightily disappointed , as the show had built up to an appearance by the character of Charlie but failed to deliver . Many said on Twitter that the show was good up until that final scene , though others thought it lived up to its reputation .	The series ended after a turbulent 12 season run Fans hoped Charlie Sheen would make an appearance Sheen tweeted he would never appear on the show again
New York  CNN  -- Charges were filed Tuesday against 17 people accused of taking more than $ 42 million from programs established to help Holocaust survivors , authorities said . "  The alleged fraud is as substantial as it is galling " said Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for New York 's Southern District , calling it a "  perverse and pervasive fraud committed against a not-for-profit organization of historic significance . " Over a period of almost 16 years , millions of dollars intended for Holocaust survivors "  instead found its way into the pockets of corrupt employees of the Claims Conference and an elaborate network of fraudsters , " Bharara told reporters Tuesday afternoon . The money came from two funds managed by the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany , also known as the Claims Conference , a nonprofit that was established almost 60 years ago to assist those harmed by Nazis . The Claims Conference distributes more than $ 400 million a year from funds provided by the German government to victims of the Holocaust . Bharara said conference officials first noticed the fraud and went to the FBI in December 2009 . "  The Claims Conference is to be commended for notifying us as soon as they found out there were issues , " he said . Six of the 17 people charged Tuesday with fraud and conspiracy are former and currant employees of the Claims Conference , according to Bharara . He called Semen Domnitser the "  ringleader " of the fraud , saying that for more than 10 years he served as the director and oversaw both the Hardship Fund and the Article Two Fund . The Hardship Fund makes one-time payments of about $ 3,600 to victims who were forced to leave their homes while fleeing advancing Nazis troops . Bharara said some 5,000 fraudulent applications worth $ 18 million were processed through the fund . The Article Two Fund gives pension payments of roughly $ 411 a month to those who earn less than $ 16,000 after taxes and spent a minimum of six months in a concentration camp or at least 18 months in a Jewish ghetto in hiding or living under a false identity to avoid the Nazis . Bharara said that this fund had processed over 650 fraudulent applications worth more than $ 25.5 million . The Claims Conference issued a statement saying that since discovering the fraud , it had implemented numerous steps to strengthen its safeguards . "  We are outraged that individuals would steal money intended for survivors of history 's worst crime to enrich themselves , " said Julius Berman , chairman of the Claims Conference . Bharara said that applicants were recruited from the Russian-Jewish community and that fake birth dates , birthplaces and "  fabricated stories of persecution , completely made up stories about what happened to these individuals during World War II , " were written in their applications . Bharara said the investigation continues and that some of the thousands of applicants also might be charged . It was unclear in some cases if the applicants knew that fraud was being committed , he said . Sixteen of the 17 people charged Tuesday have been arrested and four of them have admitted their guilt , Bharara said . "  We will bring to justice all those who would callously line their own pockets by looting an important lifeline for Holocaust survivors , " he said .	Seventeen people are accused of taking part in the alleged fraud False claims were filed to get money from two funds , the U.S. attorney says The scheme went on for nearly 16 years , he says
CNN  -- It has only ever happened between two sets of sisters in the history of tennis , but Agnieszka and Urszula Radwanska could yet become the next female siblings to meet in a major final . Way back in 1890 , in only the fourth edition of what would become today 's U.S. Open , Ellen Roosevelt -- a first cousin of future President Franklin D. Roosevelt -- beat her sister Grace , a feat that would be unmatched for more than a century . When it did happen again , at the U.S. Open in 2001 , it marked the first of eight grand slam finals between the Williams sisters -- with Venus beating younger sister Serena on the first occasion , but losing six of seven since . With Urszula having risen from 109th to 31st in the rankings during the 2012 season , her trajectory suggests there is every chance that the Radwanska sisters -- both of whom won Wimbledon as juniors -- could one day meet in a grand slam final . They have met in a grand slam before , with Urszula -- the younger at 22 -- briefly losing her usual cool en route to defeat in the first round of the 2011 U.S. Open . "  I do n't ever want to play her in the first round , but in the final -- no problem , " laughs 24-year-old "  Aga , " whose total prize money of $ 12 million dwarfs that of her sibling 's $ 1 million , reflecting her higher status as world No. 4 . Almost identical While the Poles ' less powerful version of tennis will never be a match for the record-breaking Williams duo , one thing they do share with the Americans is a tight bond . "  We are best friends , we are so close , " Urszula told CNN 's Open Court . "  We have always been together -- participating , living and traveling together -- so it is nice to have my sister on tour . "  We share things , we go shopping and we have a good time , so sometimes when I am traveling alone without her I feel so lonely . " The feeling is so mutual that precisely the same words come out of her elder sister 's mouth . "  My sister and I have been traveling everywhere together for the last 18 years -- the same school , same practice , " Agnieszka says . "  We are best friends , we are so close . " Save for their hair color -- with Aga a brunette and Urszula a blonde -- and the 21 months that separate their dates of birth , there is little between them , says the firstborn . "  We are very similar personalities -- we like to have fun , " says one of the female circuit 's most popular players . "  When we are on court , we like to work hard . But off the court , we try to have fun and relax , go to the cinema and forget about tennis . "  What 's different about us ? We like some different food ! There 's not much difference . " Pride of Poland Unlike the Williams sisters , whose homeland had been previously represented by such greats as Martina Navratilova , Chris Evert and Billie-Jean King  and that 's not even mentioning the men  , the Radwanskas are putting their country on the tennis map . Prior to them , just two Poles had made noteworthy contributions to international tennis . In the late 1970s , Wojtek Fibak reached the Top 10 on the men 's ATP Tour while much further back , Jadwiga Jedrejowsa reached three grand slam finals in the 1930s which -- even if she did n't win one -- is still the Polish record for the Radwanskas to beat . Aga made her own slice of history in 2007 , becoming the first Pole to win a WTA singles title when as an 18-year-old she beat Russia 's Vera Dushevina in Stockholm 's Nordic Light Open . She has pressed on since , adding a further 11 WTA titles and reaching her highest ranking of No. 2 in 2012 , a year when she reached her first grand slam final -- albeit beaten by  who else ?  Serena Williams at Wimbledon . Nonetheless , she was the first Pole to contest a grand slam final since the Open Era began in 1968 -- even if her defeat meant she missed out on a long-held dream . "  I was really close to being world No. 1 a few times in 2012 but unfortunately I did n't make it , " she says . "  Hopefully , I will have another chance in 2013 . That is the goal I have been working for for so many years -- to be number one , even for one week . " After a slower start , Urszula -- currently ranked 37th -- may feel as though she is beginning to make her mark , with 2012 having proved a breakthrough year following a back problem that hindered her early progress as a professional . She may never have progressed past the second round of any grand slam singles event , but she did break into the top 30 for the first time and reached her first WTA Tour final at the UNICEF Open in the Netherlands . "  I am very happy for her that she is doing well , " says Agnieszka . "  She is working really hard for that , she has been through a lot of things and I am happy that she has made the top 30 already . "  Hopefully , I 'll see her in the top 10 very soon -- there 's a big chance . " Fatherly guidance Much like Serena and Venus , the Poles were first taught by their father -- although in contrast to Richard Williams , Robert Radwanska did have a coaching background prior to his daughters ' births . Those searching for differences can point to Agnieszka 's birthplace of Krakow differing to Urszula 's in Gronau , since her father was then working in the north-western German town as the local tennis pro . His profession meant the girls were surrounded by tennis from birth , with early images showing the sisters in the midst of bats and balls -- and one memorable picture showing them tottering around like ballerinas , albeit with their feet squeezed into tennis ball canisters . Their father coached Aga and Urszula from the ages of five and four respectively but he stopped traveling last year , and both are now working with Borna Bikic  Jelena Dokic 's former coach  as well as Polish Fed Cup coach Tomasz Wiktorowski . Nonetheless , Robert still trains his girls whenever they go home to Krakow . "  This is our home so we love coming back , " says Urszula of Poland 's second largest city . "  Our family is here but it 's good that I have a sister so I can always practice with her . I do n't have to find a hitting partner and also our coach is our dad , so it 's perfect . " The historic city is by no means perfect for the tennis professionals -- it has no hard court , for example -- but its enduring appeal for the girls more than makes up for that . "  It 's always a great feeling to be here , especially since we are traveling 10 months a year , " says Aga . "  Even if I can only go home for two days , I will as it 's always nice to just sit on my couch , watch TV and be in my kitchen . Those two days make a huge difference -- it feels like I have a normal life . " For the rest of the year , the sisters are largely on the road -- sometimes together , sometimes not -- and they always find a way of staying in contact . "  When something 's happened to me , Aga is the first to know , " says Urszula . "  We talk to each other all the time -- on Skype , over the phone , texting . We are always in touch . " Sister act More often than not , they are normally in the same place -- and not just playing singles , but also teaming up for doubles together . In London last year , where Agnieska was honored to be Poland 's Olympic flag bearer , they had mixed fortunes , exiting the Games in the second round before withdrawing from the third round at Wimbledon to help Aga , suffering from illness , in her singles bid . With a WTA doubles title already to their name , at Istanbul in 2007 , the next step is to join the select band of sisters to have won a grand slam doubles title -- with the Williams and Roosevelts joined only by Ukrainians Alona and Kateryna Bondarenko in the history books . Even if they fail , one thing is for sure -- the Radwanska sisters are inspiring the next generation of Polish tennis players . "  I can clearly see that tennis in Poland is getting better . A lot of kids are trying to play right now and trying to be professionals -- so it 's nice to see that -- and people are talking more about tennis so it 's becoming more popular , " says Urszula . "  And when I see Aga having great results , I want to be the same or even better . "	World No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska and younger sister Urszula reveal their tight bond The sisters learned tennis from an early age under the guidance of father Robert "  Aga " believes her younger sister is destined to break into the WTA 's top 10 They have raised the profile of tennis in Poland with their success on court
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain on Tuesday proposed lifting the ban on offshore drilling as part of his plan to reduce dependence on foreign oil and help combat rising gas prices . Sen. John McCain says it 's time for the federal government "  to put our own reserves to use . " "  The stakes are high for our citizens and for our economy , " McCain , the presumed Republican nominee for president , said at a press conference Tuesday in Houston , Texas . Hours later , White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said President Bush on Wednesday will ask Congress to lift the ban on offshore drilling . Bush has long called for opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska to oil exploration , but Perino said he now wants to go further . "  For years , the president has pushed Congress to expand our domestic oil supply , but Democrats in Congress have consistently blocked such action , " she said . Earlier in the day , McCain , describing the high price of fuel , confused the cost of gallons versus barrels , which drew laughs from the crowd and the candidate himself . He quickly corrected himself . "  And with gasoline running at more than $ 4 a barrel ... a gallon ... I wish ... $ 4 a gallon , many do not have the luxury of waiting on the far-off plans of futurists and politicians , " he said . "  We have proven oil reserves of at least 21 billion barrels in the United States . But a broad federal moratorium stands in the way of energy exploration and production . And I believe it is time for the federal government to lift these restrictions and to put our own reserves to use . " McCain 's plan would let individual states decide whether to explore drilling possibilities . Watch a McCain adviser describe the proposal " The proposal could put McCain at odds with environmentalists who say it is incongruous with his plans to combat global warning . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a McCain ally , opposes offshore drilling . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist had expressed opposition to exploring coastal waters , but he said this week he supports McCain 's plan to lift the moratorium and would not rule out letting his state choose to drill offshore . "  It 's the last thing in the world I 'd like to do , but I also understand what people are paying at the pump , and I understand the drag it is on our economy , " Crist told the St. Petersburg Times . "  Something has to be done in a responsible , pragmatic way . " The current law , which has been in effect since 1981 , covers most of the country 's coastal waters . Many officials from coastal states oppose offshore drilling because of the risk of oil spills . Environmentalists want offshore drilling to stop to protect oceans and beaches from further pollution . "  The next president must be willing to break with the energy policies , not just of the current administration , but the administrations that preceded it , and lead a great national campaign to achieve energy security for America , " McCain said Tuesday . McCain on Monday said incentives could possibly be provided for states that choose to permit exploration off their coasts , adding that "  exploration is a step toward the longer-term goal . " Tuesday 's discussion marks the first in a series of talks about America 's energy security that McCain will hold during the next two weeks as he lays out his plan to reduce the country 's dependence on foreign oil . McCain opposes drilling in some parts of the wilderness and says those areas must be left undisturbed . "  When America set aside the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , we called it a ` refuge ' for a reason , " he said . McCain also criticized the energy policy of Democratic rival Sen. Barack Obama . "  He says that high oil prices are not the problem , but only that they rose too quickly . He does n't support new domestic production . He does n't support new nuclear plants . He does n't support more traditional use of coal , either , " McCain said . "  So what does Sen. Obama support in energy policy ? Well , for starters , he supported the energy bill of 2005 -- a grab bag of corporate favors that I opposed . And now he supports new taxes on energy producers . He wants a windfall profits tax on oil , to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas . If the plan sounds familiar , it 's because that was President Jimmy Carter 's big idea too -- and a lot of good it did us . " McCain argues that a windfall profits tax will only increase the country 's dependence on foreign oil and be an obstacle to domestic exploration . "  I 'm all for recycling -- but it 's better applied to paper and plastic than to the failed policies of the 1970s , " he said . Obama on Tuesday blasted McCain for changing his stance on offshore drilling . "  John McCain 's support of the moratorium on offshore drilling during his first presidential campaign was certainly laudable , but his decision to completely change his position and tell a group of Houston oil executives exactly what they wanted to hear today was the same Washington politics that has prevented us from achieving energy independence for decades , " he said . "  It 's another example of short-term political posturing from Washington , not the long-term leadership we need to solve our dependence on oil , " he said . Democratic Florida Sen. Bill Nelson also criticized McCain 's plan , saying it would ruin his state 's tourism industry and would not solve the problem . "  I thought John McCain was serious when he said he wanted to make America less dependent on oil . I did n't think he was a flip-flopper . He knows that more drilling is n't the solution to high gas prices , " Nelson said Tuesday . Obama said a windfall profits tax would ease the burden of energy costs on working families . He also wants to invest in affordable , renewable energy sources . Controversy over offshore drilling surfaced in the United States in 1969 , after a crack in the seafloor led to a huge oil spill off Santa Barbara , California . During the 1970s , when many Arab nations launched an oil embargo , many U.S. officials pushed for the exploration of offshore drilling of the coastal United States . Environmentalists responded with loud protests . CNN White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report	President Bush plans to ask Congress to lift offshore drilling ban Wednesday McCain says he opposes ban ; states should decide Current law bans drilling in most of the United States ' coastal waters McCain would consider incentives for states that allow coastal exploration
The Hollywood Reporter  "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show " is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment . Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed , executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega  "  High School Musical "  . The project , tentatively titled "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event , " is casting-contingent . The special will be filmed in advance and not air live , but few details beyond that are known . In addition to Ortega , Gail Berman and Lou Adler , who produced the original film , are also attached as executive producers . The special will be produced by Fox 21 Television Studios , and Berman 's The Jackal Group . The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film , which has grossed more than $ 112 million and still plays in theaters across the country . TV premiere dates : The complete guide This is n't the first stab at adapting "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show . " In 2002 , Fox unveiled plans for an adaptation timed to the 30th anniversary that never came to fruition . The faces of pilot season 2015 Fox 's "  Glee " covered several of the show 's most popular songs for a Season 2 episode and even released a special "  The Rocky Horror Glee Show " EP . There is no plan yet for when the adaptation will air . Fox also has a live musical production of "  Grease " , starring Julianne Hough and Vanessa Hudgens , scheduled to air on Jan. 31 , 2016 . Broadcast TV scorecard Following in the footsteps of "  The Sound of Music " and "  Peter Pan , " NBC recently announced plans to air a live version of The Wiz later this year . Ortega 's credits include "  Gilmore Girls , " "  This Is It " and "  Hocus Pocus . " He is repped by Paradigm and Hanson , Jacobson .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Fox plans to make a TV movie of "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show " Some of the producers behind the original film are involved TV is in the midst of a musical craze
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Women and children were busy inside the Sikh temple in suburban Milwaukee , preparing for their traditional Sunday feast . Religious leaders gathered in the building 's holy room , ahead of the hundreds set to arrive soon for the next service 's 11:30 a.m. start . This peace was shattered , when what authorities believe was a lone gunman opened fire inside and outside the temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin . By the time a police officer -- after his colleague had been "  ambushed " and shot multiple times -- returned fire , the gunman and six others were dead , Oak Creek police Chief John Edwards said . Police on Monday identified the gunman as Wade Michael Page , 40 , an Army veteran . FBI will investigate rampage as a ` domestic terrorist-type incident ' Witnesses described the shooter as a bald white man , standing about 6 feet tall , wearing black pants and a white T-shirt -- with a tattoo marking the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States visible on one of his arms -- said Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , a temple member who worked with police as an interpreter , talking to witnesses after the attack . The gunman entered the parking lot Sunday morning and soon opened fire , killing at least one person , Kaleka said . The first person to see a shooter was a 10-year-old child , Amardeep Kaleka -- whose father Satwant Singh Kaleka is president of the temple -- told CNN affiliate WISN .  Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka and Amardeep Kaleka are related , with the latter noting that he has a large number of extended family in the temple . Soon thereafter , the shooter made his way into the temple building . He headed toward its holy room and shot "  mainly turbaned individuals " there , according to Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka . He said that the casualties he knew of were "  the equivalent of priests , " including Kaleka 's uncle , who is one of the temple administrators . Women in the kitchen who were preparing the upcoming meal heard the gunshots . The shooter burst in , but those inside the kitchen "  were fortunate enough to basically duck down and dodge " the bullets , Kaleka said . People did whatever they could to survive . Some managed to run to safety outside . Others sought refuge in the temple 's basement , while others huddled together tightly in the pantry . Sikhs in U.S. and India react The temple 's top priest spent about one in a half hours in a bathroom stall , after being told about the shooter by its president Satwant Singh Kaleka , he later told Justice Singh Khalsa . "  Everybody pretty much said they saw a couple of people laying on the floor , and a lot of people just heard gunshots , " said Khalsa , a temple member since the 1990s who helped translate witness accounts for authorities in Oak Creek . Amardeep Kaleka said his mother hid in a closet , shutting off her phone whenever anyone walked by . His father , meanwhile , got shot "  multiple times " trying to tackle the gunman , the son . Amardeep Kaleka first learned of the fate of his father , who was being treated at an area hospital , in a phone call saying he was "  on the ground ... and he 's bleeding bad . " By 10:30 a.m. , 911 call after call had begun flooding into emergency dispatch at the Oak Creek police department , according to Brad Wentlandt , a police chief in neighboring Greenfield , Wisconsin , a spokesman on the case . The showdown between the police officers and the gunman occurred some time thereafter , finally ending the bloodshed . Still , it took several more hours for authorities to thoroughly sweep the building and the surrounding area , checking for clues and signs of additional gunmen , as some witnesses had suspected . Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka said temple members he 'd talked to had never seen the gunman or had any idea who he was . The violence is antithetical to the Sikh religion and its custom of , literally , opening its doors to people of all faiths . "  It 's really unfortunate that someone took advantage of this , the love that we try to give out , " he said . "  It 's disgusting , to say the least , that people would do this . " Sources name alleged gunman in Wisconsin temple shooting "  Shock " was a word several temple members used to describe their feelings after the shots had stopped , with the grief widespread given that everyone there knew everyone else well . There was also rampant confusion , with little known about the names of the dead or the whereabouts of the injured . Still , the tight-knit Sikh community took solace in the fact that they had one another to lean on for support , nourishment and love . Even so , they solicited help from the outside , too , to make sense of the terror and recover from it . "  I want everybody out there , whoever is hearing this , we would really appreciate your prayers your positive support , " Amardeep Kaleka said . "  We 're in a great time of need for that positive energy , so please send it . " Belief Blog : Who are Sikhs ? Sikhism , the world 's fifth most popular religion , is a monotheistic faith that believes in equality and service to others , Sikh officials say . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A man who interviewed witnesses for police describes what they saw in Wisconsin He says witnesses say the shooter was a bald , white man with a 9/11 tattoo The gunman opened fire in the parking lot then in the temple 's holy room , he says Those inside sought cover in the pantry , with one woman even hiding in a closet
CNN  -- A street party turned into a violent melee that injured six police officers in a California beach community Saturday night . About 15,000 people -- many of them students from nearby University of California , Santa Barbara -- crowded the streets of Isla Vista for the annual "  Deltopia " celebration when "  a major disturbance broke out , " according to a news release from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Office . It turned ugly when a UCSB police officer was "  hit in the head with a backpack that contained large bottles of alcohol , " causing a "  significant head injury , " the release said . A large crowd threw rocks , bricks and bottles at police officers who were arresting the person suspected of hitting the officer , it said . A "  major disturbance , emergency situation " was declared , and law enforcement officers from nearby Ventura County responded to help the Santa Barbara County deputies already on the scene , the release said . "  Chemical agents and less lethal foam projectiles were deployed to disperse the crowds . " Five more officers -- Santa Barbara County deputies -- were injured , including one who was hit in the face with a brick , and two hit in the hand with bottles , the sheriff said . In all , more than two dozen people were treated at hospitals for injuries . Stop signs were torn down , small fires ignited and property damaged , including several police vehicles , before order was restored early Sunday , the sheriff 's office said . At least 18 people were arrested in connection with the disturbance , while another 80 or so were arrested at other times during the party , the sheriff 's office said .	About 15,000 people attended "  Deltopia " party near Santa Barbara , California Party turned ugly when a police officer was hit in the head with a backpack Five more officers -- Santa Barbara County deputies -- were injured Stop signs were torn down , small fires ignited and police cars damaged
CNN  -- A Thai Airways International flight arriving at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport late Sunday night skidded off the runway as it touched down . Thirteen passengers were injured while evacuating the aircraft . There were no fatalities . According to an airline statement , Thai Airways flight 679 , operated with an Airbus A330-300 aircraft , departed Guangzhou , China , at 9:25 p.m. and arrived in Bangkok at 11:20 p.m. . After touching down , a landing gear malfunction caused the aircraft to skid off the runway , according to the airline . Sparks were seen in the vicinity of the right-side landing gear , near the engine . The airline says the pilot remained in control of the airplane until it came to a stop and its 14 cabin crew led the evacuation of all 288 passengers . No passengers were reported injured during the actual landing . "  Thirteen passengers received minor injuries during the evacuation , " the airline said . Injured passengers were transported to a local hospital . "  THAI will conduct an investigation as to the cause of the incident , " the airline 's parent company said in an official statement . "  At this stage Airbus has no detailed information on the event and therefore can not comment , " an Airbus spokesperson confirms to CNN . "  We are dispatching a team of experts to support both the investigation authorities and Thai Airways . " Airport officials are still working to clear the runway and expect flight delays on Monday . The incident is the second in two weeks for Thai Airways . At least 39 passengers were injured after an Airbus A380 with 500 passengers from Bangkok hit severe turbulence during its approach into Hong Kong International Airport on August 30 . Thai Airways International has established a hotline for information about the accident in Bangkok . The number inside Thailand is 025453181 . From outside the country , the number is +66 2 545 3181 .	Thai Airways Airbus A330-300 skids off runway after landing in Bangkok Airline says 13 injured during evacuation ; no fatalities Flight originated in Guangzhou , China Incident is second in two weeks for airline , after turbulence caused injuries in Hong Kong on August 30
CNN  -- Today is the 46th anniversary of Loving v. Virginia , the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision that declared unconstitutional any ban on interracial marriage . More than four decades after the historic and aptly named Loving decision , the U.S. Supreme Court is once again poised to rule in a case that could put an end to discriminatory bans prohibiting marriage , this time for gay and lesbian couples . This month , the U.S. Supreme Court is expected to rule in a decision in Hollingsworth v. Perry , a case brought by two California couples challenging the constitutionality of the state 's ban on same sex marriages , commonly called Prop 8 . Attorneys Ted Olson and David Boies -- a Republican and Democrat best known for battling each other before the Supreme Court in Bush v. Gore -- have teamed up and taken the Perry case beyond California . Olson and Boies argued before the justices that the Supreme Court has the obligation under the Constitution to strike down not just Prop 8 , but all state laws banning marriage equality for gay and lesbian Americans . After all , they say , this is precisely how the court ruled in Loving -- and 13 other cases dating back to 1888 in which a majority of the justices stood up to protect the fundamental right of every American to marry the person he or she loves . A broad ruling in the Perry case this month would be a historic step forward in affirming that gay Americans are entitled to the same rights and freedoms as everyone else . Although I firmly believe public opinion is irrelevant to the court 's responsibility to ensure equality under the law , our nation is clearly ready to embrace marriage equality . When the Supreme Court struck down interracial marriage bans in 1967 , a Gallup poll found that only 20 % of Americans approved of such marriages . But the court fulfilled its duty to protect individual rights without regard to what was popular . Today , we have already have evolved much further on marriage equality . A growing bipartisan majority of voters -- 58 % -- support marriage rights for same-sex couples . When Richard Loving told his lawyer to "  tell the court I love my wife , " he could not have known that his words would still be applicable 46 years later in the very same courtroom . There is never a wrong time to stand up for justice and equality , but the time has never been more right to stand up for gay rights than in the Perry case . As the Supreme Court weighs equality for gay and lesbian couples , the anniversary of Loving provides a timely reminder of a new legacy they could write for the history books . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	46 years ago , the Supreme Court struck down a ban on interracial marriage Donna Brazile : Supreme Court can knock down another unconstitutional barrier Court must rule gays , lesbians are entitled to same rights as everyone else , she says Brazile : Justices can stand up for equality by striking down bans on same sex marriage
CNN  -- Between GPS devices on your car 's dashboard and digital maps of almost any locale in the world on your smartphone or laptop , it 's hard to get lost these days . Each orange Tele Atlas mapping van has six cameras , two side-sweeping lasers and a GPS on its roof . We may take these 21st-century services for granted . But someone still needs to do the actual legwork of mapping these places and making sure the information is accurate . Meet the people at Tele Atlas , the company that provides so-called "  base maps " to such high-profile clients as Google , MapQuest and RIM , the maker of the BlackBerry . Tele Atlas also provides digital-mapping services for its corporate owner , the portable-navigation company TomTom . You ca n't say the company is n't ambitious . "  Our ultimate goal would be to map the entire world , " says Pat McDevitt , vice president of engineering at Tele Atlas , which is based in the Netherlands and has its U.S. headquarters in Lebanon , New Hampshire . Base maps are the raw data -- highways , streets , stop lights and exit signs -- that navigation companies use as a starting point before adding their own applications . Most of the industrialized world has been base-mapped already . But Tele Atlas is constantly updating pre-existing maps to include new roads , traffic signals and buildings . Tele Atlas gets this information by combining satellite imagery , local , state and federal maps and most importantly , putting the rubber to the road in its Mobile Mapping Vans . See how it works " Pimp my ride Six cameras , two side-sweeping lasers and a GPS sit atop each bright orange Mobile Mapping Van , making them , as McDevitt says , "  look a little bit like something out of ` Ghostbusters . ' " The cameras point in all directions , capturing a 360-degree view of everything the van encounters . And the GPS lets Tele Atlas know -- within a meter -- everywhere the van has been . A computer screen sits next to the driver 's seat so the driver can monitor images captured by the cameras above . "  The driver is really responsible for making sure the images coming from the camera are actually of high enough quality to be used on our production floor , " says Kamron Barron , technical process manager at Tele Atlas . That means when a bug splatters on a camera 's lens , the driver gets out to clean it off . This happens a lot . And if you think the vans must poke along , causing traffic jams on the roads they 're mapping , you 'd be wrong . The vans drive at normal speeds while snapping about three images per second . That 's more than 100 million images per year , per van . When you consider Tele Atlas has dozens of vans worldwide , you begin to get a sense of the scope of the company 's work . "  We have about 200 countries for which we have good navigable street maps , and that 's expanding on a monthly basis , " says McDevitt . Tele Atlas is constantly discovering parts of the world that have never been digitally mapped , he says . Instead of bench seats and fidgeting kids , Mobile Mapping Vans hold a metal cabinet with two hard drives . After about two weeks of crisscrossing everything from major highways to small country roads , the hard drives get full . One gets sent to awaiting Tele Atlas cartographers and analysts ; the other stays with the driver as a backup . At Tele Atlas headquarters in New Hampshire , analysts pore over the data for updates and inconsistencies : changes in roads , speed limits and even how many lanes are on a highway . Once confirmed , the changes make their way into Tele Atlas software and eventually to cell phones , navigation systems and home computers . Base maps are updated every few months . Mapping goes 3-D Images collected by the vans ' cameras do n't make it to the public because Tele Atlas does n't have an application like Google Street View . But it soon may have something that 's arguably even better . That brings us to the vans ' side-sweeping lasers . As the vans drive , their lasers constantly scan the road and everything around it , recording information that Tele Atlas calls the "  first reflective surface . " This includes the width , height and contours of every building the van passes . This data , when combined with the images captured by the cameras , will help Tele Atlas create a 3-D world . Three-dimensional digital maps already are common in Japan and Western Europe . But 3-D maps are still in their primitive stages in the U.S. , where their quality depends on the type of device they 're displayed on . Cell phones might show gray amorphous blocks representing buildings . A laptop might show more detailed buildings with doors and windows . Within 18 months , Tele Atlas hopes to develop a powerful navigation system whose images will look almost identical to the surroundings through which we travel . "  It 's a virtual reality experience for that customer , " says McDevitt . "  As they go around , the buildings match , the roads match , the entire navigation experience matches what they would find in the real world . " In other words , we soon may have even less of an excuse for getting lost .	CNN goes behind-the-scenes at Tele Atlas , which does digital mapping The company crisscrosses the globe in vans with cameras , lasers and GPS Tele Atlas creates "  base maps " for Google , MapQuest and others Next step will be to combine lasers and camera images to make detailed 3-D maps
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin blamed the United States Thursday for encouraging opposition protests that have broken out since parliamentary elections Sunday . His accusation followed comments by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton this week on Russia 's election in which she called for a "  full investigation " of apparent irregularities . The United States had "  serious concerns about the conduct of the election , " she said , at a meeting of the Organization for Security and Cooperation  OSCE  in Europe Tuesday . Speaking on state TV , Putin said Clinton had criticized the elections as "  neither fair not free -- even before receiving reports from international observers . " This had sent a signal to opposition figures , Putin said , who "  with the support of the U.S. State Department " then began "  active work . " He told representatives of his All-Russian People 's Front movement there was a difference between criticism from within the country and by outside players , and he said Russia should defend itself against "  foreign interference . " Demonstrators have been protesting against what they describe as electoral fraud in Sunday 's national vote , which kept Putin 's United Russia party in power but significantly decreased the number of seats it holds in Parliament . More than 20,000 people have signed up via Facebook for a protest in Moscow called "  Saturday in Revolution Square . " If it goes ahead as foreseen , it would be one of the largest opposition protests in the Russian capital in years . Rallies are also being planned via Facebook in more than 90 other Russian cities Saturday , as well as in London , New York , Kiev , Ukraine , Paris , Geneva , Switzerland and Stockholm , Sweden . In his remarks , Putin said that "  if people are acting within law , they should be given a right to express their opinion , " but he said the authorities should take action "  by legal means " if they do breach the rules . Speaking in Europe Thursday , Clinton stood by her comments , while recognizing the value the United States places on its relationship with Russia and the "  real progress " made in a number of areas . But , she added : "  At the same time , the U.S. and others have a strong commitment to democracy and human rights , it 's part of who we are , our values , and we expressed concerns we thought were well-founded about the conduct of the elections and we are supportive of the rights of the Russian people to realize a better future for themselves . " The OSCE also raised concerns over the conduct of the election in a preliminary report , saying some political parties had been prevented from running and the vote was "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " A draft report by the organization 's election-observer mission detailed alleged attempts to stuff ballot boxes , manipulate voter lists and harass election monitors . The group , which monitors and promotes democracy and human rights , cited the lack of an independent body running the election or impartial news media . There was also "  undue interference of state authorities " in the vote , the 56-nation organization said in a statement . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton gave her backing to the OSCE observers ' findings in a statement Wednesday , and she said she expected Russia to act on them . She also voiced concern about the detention of hundreds of protesters following the election and "  reports of police violence against activists , journalists and bystanders . " Criticism of the electoral process has also come from within Russia . Mikhail Gorbachev , the last Soviet leader , called Wednesday for new parliamentary elections in Russia over concerns about vote fraud . Spokesman Pavel Palezhchenko told CNN Gorbachev was "  very concerned about how the situation in Russia is developing " and that the Russian people did not believe their will was reflected in the results . But Margot Light , professor emeritus of international relations at the London School of Economics , said it was highly unlikely that any notice would be taken of Gorbachev 's call . "  They wo n't re-run the election , " she said , suggesting the Russian authorities would instead probably run a case-by-case investigation where there have been specific complaints of irregularities . Russia 's election law does have an appeals procedure in such cases , she said . While she considers Putin 's accusation of U.S. interference to be rhetoric , there is a widespread fear of Western interference in elections . This dates back to the so-called "  color revolutions " in Georgia and Ukraine , when Russia believed Western non-government organizations and governments were behind opposition protests , she said . Light suggested Putin will be able to blame failings in the electoral process and United Russia 's relatively poor performance on President Dmitry Medvedev , who is "  damaged goods " since Putin announced he would run for president again next year . The election outcome may have given Putin a "  great fright " ahead of the presidential election in March 2012 , she said , but at the same time there is no other credible candidate to challenge him , so the chances of him losing , even without falsification of the results , is very small . Many democratic nations are governed by parties , like United Russia , who have won a plurality of the vote , rather than an absolute majority , she added . Opponents of Putin have vowed to continue protesting the parliamentary election results despite the arrests of at least 250 demonstrators Tuesday . A planned opposition rally in Moscow failed to materialize Wednesday , however , with a heavy security presence in the square where thousands of demonstrators were expected to march , but no visible protesters . Rights group Amnesty International said in a statement Wednesday that Russian authorities "  must halt police mistreatment of election protesters , journalists and detainees " before further planned rallies . Amnesty said more than 1,000 people , including journalists , had reportedly been detained following election protests , of whom possibly more than 100 remain in detention . It had received numerous reports of mistreatment of detainees and beatings of peaceful protesters by police , the group said , with some denied medical treatment . Police said 8,000 people had turned out for a separate demonstration in support of Putin 's United Russia party . As simmering anger over allegations of official corruption and economic stagnation appear to be boiling over , Putin has promised to make changes , including reshuffling his Cabinet . He has said the losses his party suffered in Sunday 's elections were inevitable . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko in Moscow , and senior State Department producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Clinton says the U.S. values its relationship with Russia but is committed to democracy Calls for Russia 's parliamentary elections to be re-run will go unheeded , an analyst says Putin says Secretary Clinton 's words sent a signal to opposition leaders More than 20,000 people have signed up via Facebook for a protest in Moscow this Saturday
CNN  -- Rebels attacked two towns Saturday in the Central African Republic even as government officials planned for peace talks next week , authorities said . Meanwhile , opposition and pro-government militias are recruiting child soldiers as the country faces a rebellion in the north , the United Nations warned . Rebels demanding the resignation of President Francois Bozize have seized various towns and threatened to head to the capital of Bangui . The Seleka rebel coalition assaulted the towns of Alindao and Kouango in a direction toward the capital from Bambari , where they already seized control , said Josue Binoua , minister of decentralization and territorial administration . The rebels launched their offensive about 1 a.m. Saturday , said Jules Gauthier Ngbapo , a spokesman for Binoua . "  They are shouting and asking people to come out , " Ngbapo said . "  The rebels tell civilians that they are there to protect them . " But fearful residents are hiding . The rebels sent spies on motor bikes , and then troops rode into the two towns on large vehicles , Ngbapo said . They searched for people , he said . "  Civilians are afraid , and most of them have fled the town and are now hiding in the forests , but the rebels are still patrolling the towns , waiting for the innocent people to come out , " Ngbapo said . "  The rebels are shooting randomly , destroying properties and have been raping civilians , " he said . CNN was unable to confirm government claims about the occupation of the towns . Meanwhile , the foreign ministers from the Economic Community of Central African States will meet Tuesday in the Gabon capital of Libreville to set an agenda for peace talks , said Placide Ibouanga Ndinga , spokesman for the Economic Community . The Seleka rebel coalition , opposition party officials , private sector representatives , U.N. officials and President Francois Bozize are all expected to participate in the talks scheduled for Thursday , said Ndinga . But officials in the Central Africa Republic questioned how peace talks could commence as rebels attacked . "  How can there be peace if the rebels are looting , raping and abducting our civilians ? " Ngbapo said . Bozize has said he will not seek re-election in 2016 , Ngbapo said . As the government scrambles to quash the rebellion , alarm is growing as children are separated from their relatives . "  Reliable sources have informed us that children are newly being recruited among their ranks . These reports are of serious concern , " said Souleymane Diabate , the U.N. children agency 's representative in the nation . Diplomats seek progress on Central African Republic crisis Armed groups are forcing children under age 18 to fight , carry supplies and serve as sex slaves , the agency said Friday . Before the conflict started last month , 2,500 children were linked to various armed groups . That number is expected to rise as the recent conflict continues , officials said . About 300,000 children have been affected by the rebellion , including family separation , sexual violence , displacement and lack of access to education and health facilities . The crisis started in December , when Seleka accused the president of reneging on a peace deal and demanded that he step down . They seized towns in the north and threatened to march to the capital , although they appear to have halted their advance . MikHey , Hey Bozize has called on the international community , including the United States and France , to help stave off the rebellion . Ex-child-soldier : ` Shooting became just like drinking a glass of water ' CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels attack two towns , searching for hiding civilians NEW : Peace talks are planned for Thursday U.N. says armed groups are forcing children to fight and serve as sex slaves Both opposition and pro-government militias are recruiting child soldiers , it says
CNN  -- Four journalists for The New York Times , including two-time Pulitzer Prize winner Anthony Shadid and MacArthur "  genius grant " recipient Lynsey Addario , are missing in Libya , the newspaper said Wednesday on its website . Editors at the paper said they had last been in touch with the journalists Tuesday morning , U.S. Eastern time , according to the report . It said the newspaper received secondhand information that "  members of its reporting team on the ground in the port city of Ajdabiya had been swept up by Libyan government forces . " However , the newspaper has been unable to confirm those reports , Executive Editor Bill Keller said on the newspaper 's website . "  We have talked with officials of the Libyan government in Tripoli , and they tell us they are attempting to ascertain the whereabouts of our journalists , " Keller said . "  We are grateful to the Libyan government for their assurance that if our journalists were captured they would be released promptly and unharmed . " A battle raged Wednesday in Ajdabiya between government troops and rebels . Bob Christie , senior vice president for corporate communications at The New York Times Co. , said Wednesday that the Libyan government told the newspaper it was unaware of the journalists ' whereabouts . "  They 've told us they have a lot of prisoners and that they 're processing them " and suggested that the four could turn up in that process , Christie said . Libyan government forces said Wednesday that they have no information about where the journalists may be and that , if they were picked up by the Libyan military , they would be returned to Tripoli . The newspaper identified the journalists as Shadid , its bureau chief in Beirut , Lebanon , and two-time Pulitzer winner for foreign reporting ; Stephen Farrell , a reporter and videographer who was kidnapped by the Taliban and rescued by British commandos in 2009 ; and Tyler Hicks and Addario , photographers who have covered the Middle East and Africa . "  Their families and their colleagues at The Times are anxiously seeking information about their situation , and praying that they are safe , " Keller said . Addario , a freelancer based in India , recently won a MacArthur Fellowship -- known as a "  genius grant " -- for her photography around the world . In an e-mail Monday to CNN correspondent Ivan Watson , Addario called the Libya story "  one of the most dangerous " of her career . The e-mail said , "  qaddafi 's forces heading back east , and the rebels are surrendering along the way ... so exhausted . this story has been one of the most dangerous i have ever covered . getting bombed from the air and by land . " Addario 's husband , Paul de Bendern , told CNN that his wife travels to conflict zones because they 're powerful stories . He was anxious to see his wife 's return . "  It 's very difficult . We 're here , we 're waiting . I want my wife back , " said de Bendern , who is bureau chief in New Delhi , India , for Reuters . "  Lynsey is a very smart woman , funny and brave , " he added . "  She 's very passionate about what she 's doing . ... She tells the world of these important things with the beauty of her photography . " While working as a foreign correspondent , Shadid was shot in the shoulder by the Israeli Army in Ramallah in spring 2002 . Farrell routinely reports from Pakistan , Afghanistan and Iraq . Before joining The New York Times in 2007 , he worked for the Times of London . In April 2004 , he was kidnapped while on assignment in Iraq . Hicks , a staffer for the paper , is based in Istanbul and has served as an embed in Afghanistan . In a 2004 interview with the StarNews of Wilmington , North Carolina , Hicks described how he felt about his job : "  Covering conflicts is a very rewarding experience because you can bring attention to global issues . When I 'm working and a photograph appears in The New York Times , I always remind myself of who is seeing that photograph " and the number of people it may have reached , he said . "  That is when I can go to bed at night and feel good about what I have done that day . " Hicks and Addario are both from Westport , Connecticut . CNN 's Tommy Evans in Brega , Libya , and Ivan Watson , Tom Cohen , Tom Watkins and Michael Martinez contributed to this story .	The Libyan government says it has no information on the four One of the missing journalists e-mailed Monday about the danger in Libya The New York Times has been in touch with the Libyan government The missing journalists include one who was kidnapped by the Taliban in 2009
CNN  -- The United States is on the verge of losing a fierce advocate for democracy in Latin America . Mari Carmen Aponte , ambassador to El Salvador , was initially nominated by President Obama in late 2009 . He made her a recess appointment in August 2010 . She has hit the ground running in a Central American country that , thanks to her tireless work , has become a close partner and ally of the United States . It was the first Latin American country to send troops to Afghanistan . Aponte has been renominated , but if the Senate does not confirm her nomination next week , she will head home , leaving her impressive work unfinished and a gaping hole in our country 's efforts to continue to build and sustain strong and transparent democracies south of the border . Why would n't the Senate confirm her ? Sadly , as with everything in Washington right now , it would be purely because of partisan politics . It would be because Republicans would rather shoot themselves  and the country  in the foot before they give President Obama a perceived political "  win . " Republican Sen. Jim DeMint is using an even worse excuse to vote against her : a commentary she wrote recently for a daily newspaper in El Salvador urging tolerance and inclusion for gays and lesbians . The op-ed was the result of a State Department directive to all U.S. ambassadors urging them to recognize Gay Pride Month . Last time I checked , tolerance and inclusion were all-American values that we should all hold dear . Republicans need to put these distractions , which have nothing to do with Aponte 's clear abilities , aside and recognize that her approval would be a win for the country . There is still time for Republicans to reconsider how important her work in El Salvador has been and how foolish and petty it would be for them to put politics before good policy . This is especially true in a region where we are fighting every day to turn back the influence of totalitarian regimes such as Cuba , and other regimes like Venezuela , that while technically democratic , engage in suppression and human rights violations . Aponte has been a true soldier for representative government , human rights and the rule of law . It is not too late for Republicans to look at her record objectively and realize her many accomplishments not only deserve recognition , they deserve to be seen through to fruition as she fulfills her entire term . Republicans should let her finish her work with the first Salvadoran Government Ethics committee , which she has overseen through a partnership with USAID . They should let her finish what she started by negotiating with the Salvadoran government for the creation of the new National Electronic Monitoring Center , which marks a significant milestone in the fight against organized crime in El Salvador . Republicans should let her finish her efforts with the Partnership for Growth , an economic development initiative focused on understanding the barriers to growth in our partner countries with tremendous potential . Aponte took leadership of the Partnership for Growth and immediately established a joint action plan that could ensure the kind of on-the-ground transformational change that El Salvador needs to give its citizens hope for a better life -- if she can stay to finish the job . In fact , her work on economic development will go a long way toward stemming the flow of illegal immigration to the United States . If Salvadorans believe they will have good economic opportunities to provide for their families in their beloved home country , they will not choose to come to the United States , relieving some of the incoming flow of undocumented immigrants . Republicans could also easily send a message to our neighbors to the south , that they support their countries and want to be true partners with them . In El Salvador , where Aponte has helped unite the country 's factions , that message could be sent by approving her ambassadorship . Republicans would also be sending a positive message , at a time when they so desperately need it , to the Latino community in the United States , and to women in general , if they approve Aponte , who has a long and rich history of work in the nonprofit sector and the private sector , as well as extensive experience in government . She is highly regarded by Latinos of all backgrounds here in the United States . Aponte 's advocacy for democratic values will be by far her most lasting legacy in El Salvador . She has become a leader of that country 's women 's empowerment movement , has been a tireless advocate for increased government transparency and accountability , and -- Republicans should be thrilled with this one -- she has been a staunch supporter of the U.S. private sector , constantly looking at ways to support American jobs by opening up markets and opportunities for companies in El Salvador . Aponte has also been an unmoving U.S. presence against any Cuba-Venezuela influence , including sending a direct message to El Salvador 's president , Mauricio Funes , about the need to address human rights and democracy with Raul Castro during Funes ' first official visit to Cuba . Next week , the Senate should show Americans that on something as simple but important as a nomination to be ambassador to El Salvador , they can get it right . Let 's send Ambassador Aponte back to finish the job . We will all be better off for it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Maria Cardona : U.S. is on verge of losing a fierce advocate for democracy in Latin America Mari Carmen Aponte , ambassador to El Salvador , is up for Senate confirmation GOP senators oppose her confirmation for petty political reasons , Cardona says Cardona : Republicans should let Aponte finish her vital work in El Salvador
CNN  -- A Minnesota man arrested after investigators found weapons and explosives in his home was scheduled to appear in federal court in St. Paul Monday afternoon . Buford "  Bucky " Rogers was arrested Friday after a search of his Montevideo , Minnesota , home turned up several explosives including Molotov cocktails and a suspected pipe bomb , according to the affidavit written by an FBI agent . The agent said firearms also were discovered including a Romanian AK-M assault rifle . Rogers , a convicted felon , was arrested on a charge of illegally possessing a gun . "  The FBI believes that a terror attack was disrupted by law enforcement personnel and that the lives of several local residents were potentially saved , " the FBI said in a press release . However , several law enforcement officials played down the possible threat . One law enforcement official said the suspect in the case had anti-government views and called the case a domestic terrorism investigation . The official added this is not a matter involving any international terrorism groups such as al Qaeda . According to court documents , Rogers told investigators he had fired the assault rifle at a gun range on two separate occasions . The court papers say Rogers , 24 , is a felon legally barred from possessing firearms because he was convicted of third-degree burglary in 2011 . The documents do not provide any information on what Rogers allegedly intended to do with the explosives and guns . There also is no mention of what led law enforcement officers to search Rogers ' home .	The FBI says it believes a terror attack was disrupted But several law enforcement officials played down the possible threat One source says the suspect has anti-government views That source calls the case a domestic terrorism investigation
CNN  -- Filipinos are used to typhoons . I grew up in the Philippines knowing it has two seasons -- the "  wet " and the "  dry . " More than 20 typhoons whip through the Philippines in a year . I could smell the rain when it was coming . I knew that if the moon had a ring around it , there would be rain the next day . I knew that the excited twittering of birds also meant rain was coming . At a young age , I could gauge just how strong the typhoon was , not only based on the storm signal warnings , but on how thick and dark the clouds were , how heavy the rain fell , how strong the wind blew . It became instinctive to know how dangerous a storm was . In Cebu City , where I grew up , a siren would blow the warning signals when a typhoon was approaching . Storm Signal No. 1 meant rain and some wind , but we still went to school . No. 2 meant stronger rain and wind . We were excused from school , but it was safe enough to go to the movies or to a friend 's house . We would also listen to announcements on the radio . We knew a storm was coming , but the radio news gave us an inkling of its severity . We took Storm Signals Nos. 3 and 4 seriously and stayed indoors because it meant the rain and wind were very powerful . The streets would flood ; branches of trees could break ; trees could be uprooted , corrugated metal roofing could come loose and fly about , electric power lines could break . It was dangerous to be outside . We stayed home with canned goods , water , candles and matches , because it was a given that electricity and telephones would be cut off during typhoons . We waited out the storm in the safety of our homes . That 's how it is ; that is what the Filipinos expect and do when a storm is coming . Even before the Western media started focusing on super typhoon Haiyan , I 'd been following the news on the Internet . Friends in Cebu , Philippines , who had just been battered by the 7.1 magnitude earthquake last October 15 , were giving me a blow-by-blow account as they hunkered down and waited for Haiyan . After the super typhoon passed , someone jubilantly e-mailed , "  We survived . " Facebook pictures were posted of the damage in Cebu City , which did n't look too bad : Streets littered with debris , trees uprooted , cars flipped over on their sides , some roofing damaged , store signs askew . And so for a few hours at least , a sense of relief washed over me -- until a friend received a text message from the parish priest of Odlot in Northern Cebu : "  Church no more roof and ceiling . 95 % of parishioners homeless . We need help . Food and water . " Deep inside , I had known that a country ca n't get away unscathed when a super typhoon like Haiyan hits it , and the text from Father Desuyo brought me back to reality . As communications resumed , the world understood the awful destruction that Haiyan had wrought in Samar , Leyte , Northern Cebu , and other parts of Central Philippines . It has been painful to see images of villages destroyed , of people wandering around in the midst of all the rubble , of survivors holding up signs begging for food and water . What I find most nerve wracking are the pictures of the dead lying by the roadside or under rubble . Filipinos have much respect and love for their dead , and so these images indicate just how desperate survivors are that they ca n't take the time to bury their loved ones . I ca n't help but wonder what went so wrong . Why were Filipinos caught off guard ? Why did n't the government plan better for Haiyan -- or Yolanda , as the super typhoon is called in the Philippines ? Why have so many people died ? Why are survivors left on their own ? I have no doubt that the survivors and victims of Haiyan had done their part : Like they always have , they had stocked up on basic necessities and hunkered down in the safest place they could think of . But here 's the thing : Even though Filipinos knew that Haiyan was the strongest typhoon in recorded history to make landfall , they did not have the collective memory of something this powerful . No one expected the great destruction of Haiyan . No one expected its 15 - to 20-foot tsunami-like surge . Here 's the irony : Many people died in the evacuation centers or gymnasiums or churches where they sought refuge , from drowning and from the buildings collapsing . Here 's a fact : The death toll will rise because the Philippines has 7,100 islands , and in those islands , many coastal villages have not yet been accounted for . Now , Haiyan will never be forgotten . The super typhoon is part of the Filipinos ' collective memory , when before , it was unimaginable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cecilia Manguerra Brainard .	Cecilia Brainard grew up in the Philippines ; where people deal with about 20 typhoons a year She says Signal 1 meant rain and some wind ; 2 was no school , 4 was hunker down Everyone took shelter as usual , she says , but Haiyan was beyond anyone 's experience Brainard : Now , Super Typhoon Haiyan will haunt Filipinos ' collective memory
"  As we approach the end of our first year in prison , I can not help but feel proud and strengthened by all that has been achieved so far , " said journalist Peter Greste in a letter from a Cairo jail cell . In the letter , released just a few days before Christmas , the Al Jazeera journalist praises his supporters fighting not just for his release , but also for the freedom of the press worldwide . "  We have galvanized an incredible coalition of political , diplomatic and media figures , as well as a vast army of social media supporters to fight for that most basic of rights : the right to know , " the former BBC correspondent wrote . Last June , an Egyptian court sentenced Greste and his colleagues Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed to seven years in prison on charges of disseminating false news and supporting a terrorist organization . The three men have steadfastly denied the charges and the Qatari-owned Al Jazeera network has said "  they were just doing their job covering and challenging all sides of the story in Egypt . " But this week Qatar shut down an Al Jazeera-run affiliate accused by the Cairo government of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood , a group now considered a terror organization by Egypt . Some experts have suggested that the move signals a cooling of tensions between Qatar and Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al Sisi , who overthrew the Muslim Brotherhood and imprisoned much of its leadership last year . This may bode well for the imprisoned journalists , they say . "  We have n't won this fight yet -- we are still behind bars after all -- but we have made our cause abundantly and unequivocally clear , " the letter reads . "  And for that reason , it really is a very good Christmas . "	Al Jazeera journalist Peter Greste releases letter from Cairo jail Greste and two others were sentenced last June on charges of "  disseminating false news " The three have denied the charges
CNN  -- The sexual battery charge against an Air Force officer who had headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults was changed to assault and battery , his lawyer said Thursday . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , a 1994 graduate of the Air Force Academy who served tours in Iraq and Afghanistan , was arrested in May for allegedly grabbing a woman 's buttocks and breasts in a parking lot in Arlington County , Virginia , near the Pentagon . A police report said the unidentified woman fought off her assailant , who appeared intoxicated . Speaking to media outside the Arlington County Courthouse Thursday , Krusinski 's attorney , Barry Coburn , pointed out that that while both charges are still categorized as misdemeanor charges , the change is quite significant . "  The other offense is not a sex offense and my own sense of this is the reason this matter became newsworthy in the first instance was given Col. Krusinski 's job responsibilities  and  he was initially charged with a sex offense , " he said . After taking the position with the sexual assault prevention unit in February , Krusinski underwent training aimed at preparing him for his duties , Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. John Dorrian told CNN in May . Dorrian said Krusinski 's record was "  exemplary " and contained nothing that would have precluded him from serving with the unit . Krusinski served in Iraq from November 2009 to May 2010 and in Afghanistan from August 2011 to February 2012 , earning five non-combat medals during 19 years of service . In a written statement Coburn distributed to media outside the courthouse , he expressed appreciation to prosecutors for their "  care and diligence " used in this matter . "  Charging decisions such as this one must be based on the facts and the law of each individual case , not on politics or the desire to have a ` teachable moment ' concerning issues such as sexual abuse in the military , " Coburn said . An alarming spike in sexual assault cases in the armed forces has brought the issue front and center , prompting both President Barack Obama and top military brass to vow change . The Navy and Marine Corps will begin publishing their own versions of a sex offenders list as part of an effort to crack down on sexual assaults , CNN has learned . After his appearance Thursday , Krusinski made no comments to reporters outside the courthouse . He has been removed from his job leading a branch of the Air Force 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program . Coburn said he anticipates that Krusinski will plead not guilty when the case heads to trial . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Air Force Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski was arrested in May He was accused of allegedly grabbing a woman 's buttocks and breasts Krusinski headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults His lawyer says the charge has been changed from sexual battery to assault and battery
CNN  -- Few issues divide people more sharply than abortion . So it is great news when recently lawmakers across the political aisle in Britain voted 181 to 1 to ban sex-selective abortion . The overwhelming support for banning abortion of a fetus based on its gender is progressive , moral and just . But what about gendercide -- the practice of killing baby girls , whether aborted or neglected after birth ? Surely , there is no room for disagreement on the need to end gendercide . For every woman who freely chooses to abort a girl , there are countless others who are being forced to do so because of strong cultural preference for son . The sex-selective abortion of baby girls is not a pro-choice or a pro-life issue . It is a human rights issue that must be approached as an area of common ground . It is a woman 's right to give birth to her daughter . For most of us , hearing "  it 's a girl " during a pregnancy ultrasound is cause for celebration . But in many countries , this phrase can be a death sentence . In fact , the words , "  it 's a girl " are the deadliest words on earth when heard during pregnancy . According to a U.N. estimate , up to 200 million women are missing in the world today due to gendercide . In China , the birth ratio of girls to boys is the most skewed in the world -- approximately 100 girls born for every 118 boys . When couples are restricted to one child , women often become the focus of intense pressure by their husband and in-laws to give birth to a boy . A woman need not be dragged out of her home and strapped down to a table to be a victim of forced abortion . Crushing social , economic , political and personal pressures in cultures with a strong son preference trample women who are pregnant with a girl . All too often , women in these cultures do not "  choose " their daughters for abortion . They are forced . The "  Terracotta Daughters " exhibit recently on view in New York City gave dramatic visual form to the girls that have been lost to the world through sex-selective abortion -- the haunting stares of an army of the dead . Because of gendercide , there are an estimated 37 million more men than women in China . As a result , the presence of "  excess males " is one of the driving forces behind human trafficking and sexual slavery , not only in China but in surrounding nations as well . Alarmingly , China also has the highest female suicide rate of any country in the world . According to the U.S. State Department China Human Rights Report , the number of female suicides has risen sharply in recent years , from 500 women per day to a staggering 590 . I believe that this grim statistic may be in some ways related to pressure on women to selectively abort or abandon their daughters . In India , the sex ratio at birth is 112 boys born for every 100 girls born . Indian girls , moreover , die of disease and neglect at a much higher rate than boys . Impoverished women in India are often manipulated or pressured into sterilization , which is one way of population control . There are even mass "  sterilization camps " where women sometimes die of complications . Just this week , in Chhattisgarh , one of India 's poorest areas , 11 out of 83 women who were sterilized died . This is the true "  war on women " on a global scale . That one-third of the world 's women -- those living in China and India -- are deprived of their right to bear girls is the biggest women 's rights abuse on earth . These women deserve a passionate response from groups that stand for women 's rights . Yet the response of the U.S. women 's rights community has ranged from tepid to confused . My organization , Women 's Rights Without Frontiers , has launched the "  Save a Girl " campaign in rural China , and we are stopping gendercide , one baby girl at a time . We have fieldworkers in China who reach out to women who have learned that they are pregnant with or have just given birth to a girl , and are being pressured to abort or abandon her . A fieldworker will visit that woman and say , "  Do n't abort or abandon your baby just because she 's a girl . She 's a precious daughter . We will give you a monthly stipend for a year to help you support her . " The practical support we offer empowers these women to keep their daughters . Our effort has helped more than 120 families keep their daughters . We plan to launch a "  Save a Girl " campaign in India in 2015 as well . Every struggling mother in China and India deserves help to keep her daughter . Together , we can end gendercide one girl at a time and sweep sex-selective abortion into the dung-heap of history , where it belongs .	The British Parliament recently voted 181 to 1 to ban sex-selective abortion Reggie Littlejohn : While abortion is divisive issue , we should all agree to end gendercide She says in countries such as China and India , women are often forced to abort baby girls Littlejohn : Gendercide is human rights abuse with bad and tragic consequences
CNN Student News  -- February 24 , 2014 The last week of February begins with a big question hovering over Ukraine : Who 's in charge of the country ? Today on CNN Student News , we 'll update you on what happened there over the weekend , and we 'll explore other subjects ranging from the Olympics medal count to the Medal of Honor . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What elements would you include in a news report aimed at familiarizing an international audience with a country 's political system ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . parliament 2 . Second Amendment 3 . Medal of Honor Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What action has Ukraine 's parliament taken regarding the country 's presidency ? Who is Viktor Yanukovych , and how did he respond to this action ? 2 . What Second Amendment case will be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court this week ? What are the different sides in this case ? What case involving Congress and the president will be heard by the justices ? 3 . What is the current federal minimum wage in the U.S. ? What does President Obama want it to be ? According to the video , what are some arguments in favor of raising the minimum wage ? What are some arguments against raising it ? 4 . Who is Sgt. 1st Class Melvin Morris ? What honor will he soon receive ? According to the video , why are he and others being honored decades after they demonstrated heroism ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How would you describe Sochi 's Olympic Games ? What has the rest of the world learned about Sochi ? Would you consider the games a success ? Explain . 2 . If you were arguing before the Supreme Court on either side of a Second Amendment case , what points would you strive to make ? What factors do you think that the justices will consider as they make their decisions on each of the cases described in the video ? 3 . If a large retail company raises the minimum wage it pays its workers , what impact do you think it might have on the company , the workers , and the customers ? How might a minimum wage hike impact a small business , its workers , and its customers ? Do you think the overall impact on the economy would be positive or negative ? Explain . 4 . What might students learn from the stories of those who exhibit bravery in war ? What lessons do you think could be learned from the experiences of those who fought discrimination at home after they fought enemies in war ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- The Washington Monument , which is slated for repairs after it was damaged in an earthquake last year , appears to be sinking , according to preliminary data collected by the National Geodetic Survey . NGS surveyors and the National Park Service are investigating whether the August 23 , 2011 , earthquake caused the 555-foot stone obelisk to sink or shift . "  Our initial observations show a difference of around 2 millimeters at several of the survey markers in the vicinity of the monument , " Chief Geodetic Surveyor Dave Doyle told CNN . The Washington Monument was last surveyed in 2009 . Since its completion in 1884 , data shows it has sunk nearly 2 inches . The monument , the tallest structure in the nation 's capital , has been closed since the magnitude 5.8 quake struck the mid-Atlantic region near Richmond , Virginia . The earthquake may be responsible for the monument to have sunk 1 millimeter , while the other millimeter may be a result of normal settling , according to Doyle . "  It will still take some time to apply the proper corrections for atmospheric conditions ... to this data and perform a full analysis once the entire survey is completed -- hopefully by the end of next week , " Doyle said . The National Geodetic Survey is expanding the scope of its study to determine whether other national monuments are slipping back into the swampland upon which the nation 's capital was built . "  The survey plans are being expanded to include observations around the tidal basin to the Jefferson Memorial and Lincoln Memorial , as well as other areas along the National Mall , including the Smithsonian Institution 's Castle building , the U.S. Capitol , and eastward to Union Station , " an NGS statement said . Experts are still trying to figure out the best way to address damage found both inside and along the exterior of the Washington Monument , including whether an outside scaffold will be needed . Last fall , structural engineers documenting the impact of the earthquake used a system of ropes and slings to scale all four faces of the structure from top to bottom . David Rubenstein , co-founder of the investment firm The Carlyle Group , has donated $ 7.5 million toward the repair project . With Rubenstein 's donation and congressional funds that were approved in December , Deputy Interior Secretary David Hayes said in January there was enough money to begin the repairs . The project should start this summer or early fall , and should take about a year , Hayes said .	The Washington Monument suffered cracks in August 's earthquake The monument has sunk 2 inches since its completion in 1884 The National Geodetic Survey will also look at other monuments in the capital
CNN  -- Organizers of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have responded to criticism over the plight of migrant workers on stadia and infrastructure projects by saying Tuesday that "  tangible progress " had been made in addressing widespread concerns over their welfare . They published an updated 50-page "  workers ' charter " -- developed in consultation with the International Labor Organization -- detailing measures to improve wages , accommodation as well as promising regular inspections . FIFA had set the Qatari authorities a deadline of February 12 to give an update on measures to improve conditions for workers . Theo Zwanziger , a senior member of the world governing body 's executive committee , is to report its findings to the European parliament Thursday . Zahir Belounis , a French Algerian striker who was trapped in Qatar after a dispute with his club , is also to due to appear to give his perspective . FIFA acted after its president Sepp Blatter condemned working conditions in the Gulf state as "  unacceptable " as he responded to damning reports last year from Amnesty International and the International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  . They detailed systematic abuse and the ITUC claimed that fatal construction injuries were eight times higher in Qatar than other developed nations , with migrant workers from India and Nepal the worst affected . ` We have always believed that Qatar 's hosting of the World Cup would be a catalyst to accelerate positive initiatives , already being undertaken by Qatar , which will leave a legacy of enhanced , sustainable and meaningful progress in regards to worker welfare across the country , " said Hassan Al Thawadi , the secretary general of Qatar 's Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy . "  We already see this progress taking place across Qatar on a daily basis , and will continue to work hard to make our vision become the ever-present reality on the ground . ' Nicholas McGeehan , the Gulf researcher of Human Rights Watch , one of the most trenchant critics of the Qatari government , told CNN that its authorities "  deserve credit for its efforts to improve standards on the projects within its control " -- but he urged caution . "  They not guaranteeing workers ' rights to change employer , or their right to leave the country or their right to bargain collectively for decent pay and conditions if things go wrong . "  If the Qatari government is serious about reform it should apply these standards to the whole migrant worker population , back them up with sanctions , and get to work on reform of the kafala system . " McGeehan 's call echoes that of other human rights groups for an end to practices under the kafala system , which ties workers to their employer and stops them leaving the country without their permission . It has been compared with modern-day slavery and was highlighted by the Belounis affair , the footballer who was unable to leave Qatar following a pay dispute with his club side El Jaish and was left stranded in the country with his family for two years . Despite threatening a hunger strike and suicide , Belounis , who eventually flew home to France last November , has told CNN that the Gulf state still deserves the right to stage the World Cup . Qatar is spending a reported $ 200 billion on infrastucture and building projects associated with its staging of football 's global showpiece , but work has only just started on one of the stadiums to be used . Only 38 workers are currently employed at the Al Wakrah Stadium , where a "  successful inspection " was held January 13 , according to the organizers . They said that they would be meeting representatives from other building projects in the "  coming months " to achieve a "  unified standard " across the whole of Qatar for migrant workers . ` We will continue to work closely with our partners to achieve practical solutions which will leave a sustainable legacy for Qatar long after 2022 , ' said Farah Al-Muftah , who chairs the Supreme Committee 's Workers ' Welfare Committee . But critics pointed out it is unclear what projects are covered by the new charter and which are under the control of the Supreme Committee . "  It 's not the state-led , cross-sector regulation that Qatar 's migrant workers desperately need , " said McGeehan . FIFA has also still to decide the actual dates for the 2022 World Cup after fears that the searing heat in Qatar in the summer will be dangerous for players and spectators . There have been widespread calls for a "  Winter World Cup " and FIFA says it 's consulting stakeholders , including the major European leagues , before making a final decision .	Qatar 's World Cup 2022 organizers adopt a ` workers ' charter ' Charter is response to criticism of treatment of migrant workers on building projects FIFA set Qatar a deadline of February 12 to update on improvements Critics say Qatar 's ` kafala ' system needs to be reformed
Washington  CNN  -- Confronted with recent polling suggesting rising gas prices may already be damaging President Obama 's political standing ahead of the summer driving season , the president on Thursday reiterated the case that neither he , nor any other politician , has the power to bring down prices in the short term . "  We are starting to see a lot of politicians talking a lot and not doing much , " Obama told an enthusiastic crowd at Prince George 's Community College in Largo , Maryland . "  We 've seen this movie before . " "  Every time prices start to go up , especially in an election year , politicians dust off their three point plan for $ 2.00 , " the president continued , deviating from prepared remarks the White House had distributed to reporters before the speech . "  I guess this year they decided they were going to make it $ 2.50 . " That was a direct reference to former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who has pledged of late that he will dramatically lower gas prices to $ 2.50-a-gallon if he is elected president . Fellow GOP presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum have also pledged to bring down the cost of gasoline , though not with same rhetorical flourish as Gingrich . "  You know better , " Obama said Monday . "  There 's no such thing as a quick fix when it comes to high gas prices . There 's no silver bullet . Anybody who tells you otherwise is n't really looking for a solution -- they 're probably just looking to ride the political wave of the moment . " It 's the same argument the president made during a recent speech in Miami and at his presidential news conference last week , trying to counter Republican arguments that the president is sitting idle as prices at the pump soar . On Monday , the president ticked through a series of measures his administration had already taken to wean the country off foreign oil in the long-term , including opening new lands to domestic drilling , investing in alternative sources of energy , and raising fuel efficiency standards . Still , both Republicans and the president 's political advisers recognize such long-term arguments bring little solace to Americans who are feeling the pinch of higher gas prices now . Indeed , a series of recent polls suggest the president 's approval rating has begun a slide into the mid 40s as gas prices tick up . The same polls show the president losing significant support with lower income earners who report feeling the pain of higher gas prices most acutely . An ABC/Washington Post poll reported about half of those who make less than $ 50,000 a year consider the higher gas prices a "  serious hardship . " Of that group , the president 's approval stood at 44 % , down eight points before gas prices began their climb last month . Moreover , a New York Times/CBS poll last week found 54 % feel the president does have the ability to control gas prices , compared to 36 % who say he does not . It is poll results like those that led the president in recent weeks to engage in an education mission of sorts over just what drives the prices of gasoline , hoping he does n't become the target of Americans ' frustration if prices continue their march well over $ 4.00 a gallon . "  Every time there 's instability in the Middle East , we 'll feel it at the pump , " he said . "  As rapidly-growing nations like China or India keep adding more cars to the road , the price of gas will rise . That 's not the future I want for the United States of America . "	Obama reiterates that no politician can bring down gas prices in short term "  We are starting to see a lot of politicians talking a lot and not doing much , " said Obama Obama targeted Newt Gingrich 's promise to lower gas to $ 2.50 a gallon , if elected Polls show link between president 's approval rating and rising gas prices
CNN  -- A riot at a Sri Lankan prison left 27 dead and 43 injured , officials said . Clashes broke out in the high-security prison in northern Colombo after special task force members began to check the prison for drugs , police said . Authorities used tear gas to try to quell the clashes , but prisoners were able to break through a wall and enter a prison armory . Authorities also deployed armored vehicles to help bring the situation under control , said Gajadeera . The riot will be investigated , said Prison Reforms Minister Chandrasiri Gajadeera .	The riot occurred at a prison located in the northern part of Colombo The clashes started when authorities searched the prison for drugs
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor , who asked for a priest "  to read her the last rites " Sunday , left the hospital Monday afternoon because she "  wants to spend her final days at her home , " her publicist said . Gabor , 93 , is suffering complications from last month 's hip-replacement surgery , but she and her husband decided against additional surgery , publicist John Blanchette said . Doctors told her the chances of success from the procedure was 50-50 , so she chose to go home instead , Blanchette said . An ambulance carried the actress from Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles to her Bel Air , California , home Monday afternoon , he said . "  The doctors did everything they could do , " her husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt , said . "  The rest is up to her to whether she recovers or not . " Gabor has been hospitalized for most of the past month since breaking her hip in a fall from bed on July 17 . Saturday marked Gabor 's 24th wedding anniversary with Von Anhalt , her eighth husband . She was rushed to the hospital from her Bel Air , California , home Friday night , Blanchette said . She underwent surgery for the removal of a blood clot that night , a complication relating to her recent hip replacement surgery , he said . Gabor had just returned home from the hospital on Wednesday , three weeks after undergoing surgery to replace the broken hip . She has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , said Von Anhalt . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge , " "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	NEW : Zsa Zsa Gabor was released from the hospital Monday Husband Frederic Von Anhalt : "  Doctors did everything they could do " for Gabor The actress asked for last rites on Sunday ; Gabor , 93 , broke her hip in July Glamorous Hungarian-born actress is most famous for her many marriages
CNN  -- As part of CNN 's Defining America project , CNN iReport is conducting a cultural census . We 're asking people to share a self-portrait , show off their handwriting , tell us what they typically eat for dinner , and more . This quiz on stereotypes is part of our series focusing on the self-portrait project .	Can you judge a book by its cover ? Find out . This quiz is based on data from CNN iReport 's cultural census
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Diane Sawyer will take over nightly news anchor duties for ABC when Charlie Gibson retires from "  World News " at the end of this year , a network spokesman confirmed Wednesday . Charlie Gibson and Diane Sawyer worked together on "  Good Morning America . " Sawyer , 63 , will be the second woman to be the solo host of an evening newscast for an American broadcast TV network . Sawyer will take the chair in January , ABC 's Jeffrey Schneider said . Gibson , 66 , and Sawyer worked together for years on ABC 's morning show -- "  Good Morning America " -- before Gibson was promoted over Sawyer to anchor ABC 's "  World News " in May 2006 . Elizabeth Vargas and Bob Woodruff co-anchored the newscast before Gibson . That duo came to an end after Woodruff was seriously wounded by a roadside bomb in Iraq . Maria Brennan , president of the Washington-based American Women in Radio and Television organization , called the announcement a "  watershed moment " and said Sawyer was the "  obvious choice " to take over ABC 's anchor chair . Asked about the significance of two out of three network nightly news anchors being women -- the other being CBS ' Katie Couric -- Brennan said , "  It comes with some excitement and some glee for groups like ours , who have worked for years to ensure that women have parity with their male counterparts . " "  When we get to a point in time when we do n't even notice the gender , we can really celebrate , " Brennan said . Sawyer worked for President Richard Nixon in the 1970s , first in his White House press office and later helping him write his memoirs after his resignation . After a stint with CBS News -- including five years as a "  60 Minutes " correspondent -- Sawyer joined ABC News in 1989 . She worked on news magazines for ABC -- including "  Primetime Live " and "  20/20 " -- before being assigned to co-host "  Good Morning America " with Gibson in 1999 . CNN 's Albert Lewintinn contributed to this report .	ABC News anchor Charlie Gibson retiring at end of the year Diane Sawyer will take over "  World News " beginning in January The pair worked together for years on "  Good Morning America "
CNN  They were huddled in the back of a tugboat . Some were without shoes . Their coats and jackets , still wet , were piled up in a huge container behind them . The 117 migrants , mostly from sub-Saharan Africa , arrived in the port of Augusta , Sicily , around 1p . m. Tuesday , after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of Libya . The two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy , the tug 's Montenegrin captain told me . The discarded coats , he said , would be thrown away . We had flown to Sicily from Rome following news that as many as 400 migrants had been lost at sea . The tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in Africa and the Middle East . So far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives . Last year at least 3,200 died making the journey . Since 2000 , according to the International Organization for Migration  IOM  , almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the Mediterranean . Thousands may have died , but even more have succeeded in making the treacherous journey . This small group in Augusta were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend , according to the Italian Coast Guard . With the onset of spring and calmer seas , it appears that the flow of migrants is not relenting . The group , which included 31 women , was composed mostly of Nigerians and Gambians . As they filed off the boat , representatives of the Italian Red Cross did a quick visual inspection , checking for fever , scabies , any sign of illness . One woman , they discovered , was two months pregnant . Timothy , in his mid-20s from Nigeria , told me he left his home nine months ago . He paid human traffickers in Tripoli 1,000 Libyan dinars , more than $ 700 , for the voyage . For him , it 's a fortune . I asked 28-year-old Jibril , from Gambia , why he had left his home . "  It 's not like in Europe , " he told me . "  After 20 , 25 years , you have to make a future for yourself . But in Gambia , I could n't . My family , they do n't have nothing . They are poor people . " Mercy , from Kano in northern Nigeria , seemed shell-shocked . In a faint voice she told me she had left Kano because her family feared she that would be taken by Boko Haram . "  I was scared , " 25-year-old Al-Haji from Gambia told me about the journey from Libya . "  I was taking a big risk . Either I enter Europe or I die . " Another man , from Liberia , told me he had lived and worked in Libya for 15 years , but was terrified at the prospect of ISIS gaining even more territory . An Egyptian translator working for the Italian police told me they had information that a large group of Syrians were gathered in a Tripoli warehouse , and were expected to make the journey to Italy in the coming days . It seems that all the victims of the multiple tragedies and woes of Africa and the Middle East -- grinding poverty , war and the rise of ISIS -- are washing up on the shores of Italy . The wars , unrest , upheaval , misery and injustice I 've covered over the last 20 years , in Syria , in Libya , in West Africa and elsewhere , seem to be coming together to remind those who have enjoyed Europe 's relative peace and prosperity that no man is an island . The small group of migrants in Augusta has been taken in by the Italian authorities . They 've been fed , clothed , received medical treatment , and will be taken to migrant camp in northern Italy . Most will then try move further north , to countries like France , Belgium , the Netherlands and the UK , where economic opportunities are better than in austerity-wracked Italy . Others will stay in Italy , trying to eke out a living in the twilight economy as street vendors and beggars . And as they settle in , somehow or other , more and more will come to Italy 's shores .	Migrants rescued in Augusta , Italy tell CNN why they fled They were packed onto two barely seaworthy boats , tug captain said
CNN Student News  -- November 21 , 2013 Talks surrounding Iran 's controversial nuclear program lead off Thursday 's edition of CNN Student News . We also discuss the Presidential Medal of Freedom , President John F. Kennedy , the Red Planet , and CNN 's Hero of the Year . Plus , we watch as helmet sensors , which aim to monitor potential for concussions , are put to the test . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How important is it for the news media to report the shortcomings as well as the successes of new technologies ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . sanctions 2 . Presidential Medal of Freedom 3 . concussion Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What 's the status of nuclear talks regarding Iran 's controversial nuclear program ? 2 . Who is CNN 's Hero of the Year ? What announcement did he make on the program ? 3 . How many active NASA missions are currently studying Mars ? What is the purpose of NASA 's MAVEN mission ? How long will it take to reach Mars ? What is this mission 's cost ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think there are different opinions in the international community with regard to sanctions against Iran ? What might be some pros and cons of each proposed strategy ? If you were an adviser for the United Nations , which strategy would you recommend ? Why ? 2 . What do you think might be the criteria for the Presidential Medal of Freedom ? What are your thoughts on yesterday 's honorees ? In your opinion , who else might be deserving of this award ? 3 . What might be the benefits and drawbacks of the helmet technology featured in the program ? Why might different helmet sensors give different results for similar impacts ? What additional testing might be needed ? Can you think of other uses for the kind of device featured in the program ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Iran North America Arlington , Virginia Mississippi River FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- An ` El Clasico ' European Champions League final between Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona remains a mouthwatering prospect after the teams were kept apart in the quarterfinal draw . Barca , the defending champions , have been drawn to play AC Milan , from Italy , while Real , managed by Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho , will play Cypriot minnows APOEL Nicosia . The two clubs are fierce rivals with Mourinho beating opposite number Pep Guardiola just once in ten meetings . Real are ten points clear in La Liga though , and almost certain to claim their first title since 2008 . Elsewhere , German side Bayern Munich have been drawn to play French champions Marseille while English Premier League club Chelsea 's reward for beating Napoli is a tie with Portuguese team Benfica . Chelsea see off Napoli in extra-time thriller The draw for the semifinals of the prestigious competition was also made , with the winners of Real and APOEL 's tie facing Bayern or Marseille , while Barca or AC will face off against Chelsea or Benfica . Barcelona , who have won the trophy three times in the last six seasons , faced Serie A leaders Milan in the group stages of Europe 's lucrative club tournament , drawing 2-2 at home and winning 3-2 in Italy . Guardiola 's side have won their last six games and beat German outfit Bayer Leverkusen 10-2 on aggregate over their two matches in the last 16 . APOEL 's reward for making the last eight of the Champions League for the first time in their history is a glamor tie with Real Madrid , who disposed of CSKA Moscow in the last round . Real coach Mourinho is gunning for a record third Champions League crown , having previously won the title with Porto , from Portugal , and Inter Milan . 2010 winners Inter Milan exit Champions League Bayern Munich , who are searching for their first victory in the Champions League since 2001 , put seven goals past Swiss side Basel in the second leg of their last-16 match . They play Marseille , who knocked out 2010 winners Inter Milan this week . Chelsea , who recently sacked coach Andre Villas-Boas and installed former player Roberto Di Matteo as interim manager , travel to Benfica . The club , owned by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich , are struggling in fifth spot in the Premier League with their place in next season 's Champions League under threat .	Barcelona and Real Madrid kept apart in Champions League draw Real to play APOEL Nicosia while Euro champs Barcelona face AC Milan Chelsea to face Portugal 's Benfica after beating Napoli in last-16 German giants Bayern Munich to play French champions Marseille
CNN  -- Members of the international community have reacted to the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president of Iran and the oppostion protests which have accompanied the result . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pictured at a rally held in Tehran Sunday to celebrate his re-election as Iranian president . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement Saturday : "  We are monitoring the situation as it unfolds in Iran but we , like the rest of the world , are waiting and watching to see what the Iranian people decide . "  The United States has refrained from commenting on the election in Iran . We obviously hope that the outcome reflects the genuine will and desire of the Iranian people . " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Saturday the administration was "  impressed by the vigorous debate and enthusiasm that this election generated , particularly among young Iranians . " U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , commenting on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Sunday , said : "  I have doubts , but withhold comment . " He added that the Iranian government had suppressed crowds and limited free speech , which raised questions . He also said that the strong showing by Ahmadinejad was "  unlikely , " based on pre-election analysis . Gallery : Emotions run high after election " Israel 's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Avigdor Liberman said in a statement that "  the problem which Iran poses for the international community is not personal in nature , but derives from its policy . "  In any case , in light of Tehran 's ongoing policy , and even more so after Ahmadinejad 's re-election , the international community must continue to act uncompromisingly to prevent the nuclearization of Iran , and to halt its activity in support of terror organizations and undermining stability in the Middle East . In a statement Saturday the EU Presidency said it was "  concerned about alleged irregularities during the election process and post-electional violence that broke out immediately after the release of the official election results on 13 June 2009 . "  The Presidency hopes that outcome of the Presidential elections will bring the opportunity to resume the dialogue on nuclear issue and clear up Iranian position in this regard . The Presidency expects the new Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran will take its responsibility towards international community and respect its international obligations . " UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Saturday that the UK government had "  followed carefully , and admired , the passion and debate during the Iranian election campaign . "  We have also heard the concerns about the counting of ballots expressed by two of the candidates . This is a matter for the Iranian authorities to address . We will continue to follow developments . Our priority is that Iran engages with the concerns of the world community , above all on the issue of nuclear proliferation . " Fawzi Barhoum , spokesman for Hamas , the militant Palestinian movement backed by Iran , welcomed the results . He urged the world to respect Iranian democracy and accept the results of the elections . The office of Afghan President Hamid Karzai said in a statement Sunday that he had congratulated Ahmadinejad on his victory . It added that Karzai believed "  relations between the two Muslim nations of Afghanistan and Iran expanded during Mr. Ahmadinejad 's first term and hoped that these relations get stronger during his second term . " German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier told ARD Sunday that the Iranian ambassador in Berlin would be summoned to explain the treatment of protesters against the result . "  I have already prompted Iran , together with European colleagues today , to quickly shed light on what has happened there -- if one can take the announced election results there seriously or not , " he added . Turkish President Abdullah Gul and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan have offered their congratulations to Ahmadinejad , the official Anatolian Agency reported Monday . It said that they "  called Ahmadinejad on the phone and congratulated him for his success in the election . " Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon told reporters in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada , Saturday , that Canada was "  deeply concerned " about allegations of voting irregularities . "  We 're troubled by reports of intimidation of opposition candidates ' offices by security forces . We 've asked our embassy officials in Tehran to closely monitor the situation , and Canada is calling on Iranian authorities to conduct fair and transparent counting of all ballots . " CNN 's Shira Medding in Jerusalem and Greg Clary in Washington contributed to this report .	U.S. Vice President Joe Biden : Questions need to be asked about vote UK : We admire passion of the election , Iran needs to address fears about fairness EU Presidency : Hopes outcome sees opportunity for dialogue on nuclear issue Turkish media : President , prime minister have offered congratulations
Former President Bill Clinton told CNN he agrees with President Barack Obama 's decision to authorize airstrikes against the terrorist group ISIS and arm Syrian rebels working to defeat them . During a panel hosted by CNN 's Erin Burnett at the Clinton Global Initiative on Wednesday , the former president unequivocally said , "  I support what they  the Obama administration  are doing . " "  I personally believe the way they have thought this through and planned it and limited our involvement , avoids ISIS achieving their objective of suckering us into their fight , " Clinton said of the airstrikes . "  We should give support for people who are fighting for their lives . " On arming Syrian rebels , the former president said the administration has "  reached the judgment that it is ... worth the gamble , I think , to try to make it work . " Join the conversation with Bing Pulse Clinton and his wife , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , have not always been as supportive of the Obama administration 's policy regarding Syria . As America 's top diplomat , Hillary Clinton urged the president to arm Syrian rebels and made clear that she disagreed with Obama 's decision not to arm them in her much-talked-about memoir . Earlier this week , Bill Clinton echoed his wife . "  I agree with her , and I would have taken the chance , " the former president told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria on Sunday . But on Wednesday , the former president was supportive of Obama 's new position on Syria . "  Any time you do anything , it might not work . We do n't have 100 percent control , " Clinton said . "  You just make a judgment over whether it is more likely than not to work . The President has made that judgment to arm the Syrians who want an inclusive Syria . " Hillary Clinton , too , was supportive of Obama 's decision Wednesday . "  The situation now is demanding a response and we are seeing a very robust response , " Hillary Clinton said during a panel with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  It is something that I think the president is right to bring the world attention to and say . " The United States and a coalition of member countries conducted their second day of airstrikes in Syria and Iraq overnight on Tuesday . While the strikes , which were authorized by Obama last week , are targeting ISIS members in both countries , they are not limited to the terrorist group that has risen to prominence in the last year . Bill Clinton : America has ` bought the NRA 's theory ' Also targeted were members of the Khorasan group , a new terrorist organization that the United States government says is a collection of al Qaeda members who have moved into Syria . Bill Clinton told Burnett that although the group is made up of core al Qaeda members , the United States is not fighting the same terrorists they fought after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "  Some of them survived , " Clinton said . "  Nobody said we had a 100 percent kill rate on that . " Bill Clinton 's full interview with Burnett aired Wednesday night at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Bill Clinton expects ` an extended involvement ' in Syria , but no land war	The former president says he supports the Obama administration 's actions in Syria Clinton has not always been as supportive of the administration 's policy regarding Syria Hillary Clinton , too , was supportive of Obama 's decision on Wednesday
CNN  -- A lesbian couple have applied to adopt a child after Florida 's child advocacy agency announced it wo n't fight a court ruling that found the state 's ban on such adoptions unconstitutional . Jennifer Haseman and Hillary Jovi , who were unaware of Tuesday 's announcement by the state , called Family Services of Metro Orlando , central Florida 's child protective contractor , to begin the process of adoption . The couple believed they could make their dream a reality after a September decision by the Third District Court of Appeal that lifted Florida 's three-decade ban on gay adoption . "  We 've wanted to adopt ever since we discussed wanting a family , " said Jovi , who said she has had a 12-year relationship with Haseman . "  We always wanted to have our own children and adopt . " The couple , formerly from New York , had considered moving back there just for the opportunity to adopt a child . Both women have battled infertility . The Florida Department of Children and Families said any appeal by the state agency was likely to be unsuccessful following opinions from the appeal court and a circuit court judge in Miami , Florida . Gov. Charlie Crist ordered the department to stop enforcing the ban after the circuit court ruling . "  I do n't think for us it is about sexual orientation so much as it is about a kid that deserves a second chance with a good parent or parents , " said DCF spokeswoman Carrie Hoeppner . The ACLU of Florida represented licensed foster parent Frank Martin Gill , who wanted to adopt two boys who had been placed in his care after the Department of Children and Families removed them from their home for neglect . He sued to have the adoption ban overturned . "  We are happy to hear that DCF wants to bring this case to an end and allow the Gill family to get on with their lives , " said Howard Simon , ACLU of Florida executive director . But , the director says , the case is not yet final . "  What is needed now is a similar statement from Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum that will formally end this case and allow judges to decide -- on a case-by-case basis -- what is in the best interests of children . " Ryan Wiggins , spokeswoman for McCollum , said , "  We appreciate the announcement , and look forward to a conversation with DCF about what the next actions will be . " The attorney general office has until October 22 to file an appeal . Florida was the only remaining state to prohibit gay adoption . The state agency said Wednesday it has removed from adoption forms the question about an applicant 's sexual orientation . Jovi , an event planner and Haseman , a restaurant manager , said Monday they plan to attend an orientation class as the first step to become approved for adoption . Haseman said , "  I think it 's going to be a really , really , great thing to just be able to help a child that needs a place , a home and needs love . "	Couple file to adopt in Florida , hours after a state announcement on the issue An appeals court recently overturned state 's ban on such adoptions The state said Tuesday it would not appeal the ruling
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A weekend incident with racial overtones at a high school for deaf students could result in criminal charges with "  enhanced penalties for a hate crime , " Metro Police Chief Cathy Lanier said Wednesday . A black student was held against his will and then released with "  KKK " and swastikas drawn on him in marker at the Model Secondary School for the Deaf on Sunday , she said . No charges have been filed , and no names have been released , Lanier said . The incident began when a group of black students and a group of white students were in a dorm . "  My understanding is the two groups engaged in friendly horseplay , " she said . But , she said , the groups got "  angry with each other . " The two groups separated , she said , but later , six white students and one black student -- all between the ages of 15 and 19 -- took one of the black students into a dorm room and "  held him there against his will . " "  They used markers to write ` KKK ' and draw swastikas on the student , " Lanier said . The student was released after about 45 minutes . He notified dorm and school authorities , who called police . Lanier said police have identified and interviewed the students involved and the "  investigation is ongoing . " "  The support we 've received from the campus and from the school employees has been tremendous , " Lanier said . "  And I think they 're supporting us in making a very strong statement that this investigation may lead to charges that could have enhanced penalties for a hate crime . " The school is a residential high school on the campus of Gallaudet University , a higher education facility for deaf and hard of hearing people . The high school is administered as a division of the university 's Laurent Clerc National Deaf Education Center . Dean of Clerc Center Katherine A. Jankowski said the seven students who participated in the incident were sent home . Gallaudet provost Stephen Weiner said the school does "  not tolerate any action , behavior of this type . " "  We are taking action , " he said . "  We are looking at programs to help students understand we are a school with a diverse population . " "  This incident is intolerable , " he said . "  That 's why the Metro police are involved . That 's how serious we are about this incident . " Jankowski said the school has also hired a consultant to work with the school and its students on diversity issues . On Monday , teachers and staff hosted a school-wide assembly with students related to the incident , said Jankowski . Individual and group counseling services were also available to students , teachers and staff . "  We are committed to ensuring MSSD is a safe and supportive learning environment , " she said . E-mail to a friend	Groups of white , black students argued on Gallaudet University campus Police : White students and one black student later assaulted black student Teens could face criminal charges , including hate crimes , police said None have been charged yet , said police
CNN  -- Iraq took control Friday of billions of dollars in oil revenues set aside by the United Nations following the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein , money intended to be used build up the country 's economy . The U.N. Security Council hand over of the Development Fund for Iraq is considered a milestone for Iraqi autonomy , which comes as the United States prepares to withdraw its roughly 47,000 troops from the country by the end of the year . "  The members of the Security Council welcomed the Government of Iraq 's establishment of a successor arrangement for the transition of the Development Fund for Iraq , " the United Nations said in a statement released Thursday . The fund will be turned over to an Iraqi committee of financial experts that will operate under terms approved by Iraq 's Council of Ministers , it said . In the statement , the Security Council reiterated the commitment by Iraq to "  ensure that oil revenue is used in the interests of the Iraqi people , and to ensure that transition arrangements remain consistent with the constitution and with international best practices in respect of transparency , accountability and integrity . " A 2003 Security Council resolution that created the development fund requires 5 % of Iraq 's oil revenue be used to pay reparations , primarily Kuwaiti claims that arose from the 1991 Gulf War . In December , the Security Council lifted all but a few sanctions put in place prior to the invasion . Among the issues to still be resolved : war reparations to Kuwait , the demarcation of the Iraqi-Kuwait border and efforts to locate missing Kuwaitis and third-party nationals .	Iraq takes control of a fund established by the U.N. following the invasion The Development for Iraq fund contains billions of dollars The money is to be used to build up the country 's economy The U.N. resolution that established the fund requires some of the money go to Kuwait
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The nautical blue paint spelling out "  Costa Concordia " has almost all bubbled and chipped off the bow of the once luxurious cruise liner after 20 months under salt water off the Italian island of Giglio . One can get glimpse of just what it 's like in and under the Concordia by the vast array of mesmerizing underwater videos released by Italy 's coast guard and the Titan Micoperi salvage team tasked with removing the rusting hulk . The seabed is still littered with sun deck chairs that floated from the ship 's balconies and upper deck when it finally came to a rest in January 2012 . Fish swim around the sunbed legs and seaweed has grown through some of the mesh seating . The beds are spread out in a surreal scene that looks like a set from an underwater science fiction film . Shoes , mattresses , dinner plates and thousands of pieces of cutlery shimmer in the divers ' lights on a bed of sea grass . INTERACTIVE : How the 952-foot wreck will be raised Divers have not been deep inside the massive ship for nearly a year . The salvage divers only work on the outside of the ship and do not have authority to enter the vessel , with the exception of a work area they have created with a false floor on the upper port side deck , unless accompanied by Coast Guard divers . Not only is the Concordia still chock full of passengers ' possessions the Costa Cruises company hopes to return , but the ship is still considered a crime scene . Thirty-two people died in the accident and the ship 's erstwhile captain , Francesco Schettino , is facing charges of multiple manslaughter and causing the shipwreck after piloting the 290-meter ship into the rocks on Giglio last year . The last divers to comb through the Concordia 's sunken bowels were there to search in vain for the last two victims , still believed to be trapped somewhere under the ship or buried in a watery grave at the bottom of the hollow hull . The salvage crew believe they know about where the bodies might be found , but there is no guarantee until the ship is lifted whether they will be found at all . In the weeks after the accident , the divers called the inside of the ship a "  toxic stew " of spilled oil , rotting food and floating tableware . There were five massive restaurants on the ship -- each one in operation when the ship crashed at 9:42 p.m. on January 13 , 2013 , spilling tables of buffet food into the water . More than a dozen kitchens and freezers had enough food to feed the 4,200 passengers and crew for a week , plus extra supplies that all cruise ships carry in case of emergencies and delays . Many of the freezers burst and their contents were gobbled up by sea life and the colony of sea gulls that has multiplied on the island since the disaster . Fishermen off Giglio say that the fish have changed , too . They are much larger and harder to catch after gorging on the ship 's offerings . The freezers that have not burst under the water pressure are still locked with their rotting thawed contents sealed inside . Fridges too , filled with milk , cheese , eggs and vegetables , have been closed tight since the disaster . One has to only imagine leaving a home freezer -- a fraction of the size of the industrial freezers used by cruise ships -- unplugged for 20 months to get an idea of the type of rancid mess trapped inside . Rodolfo Raiteri , head of the Coast Guard dive team , told CNN that his divers had to confront an array of deep-sea threats , from floating knives to lethal bed sheets and flowing curtains that could have easily become entangled in the divers ' safety cords . There were also floating chairs and large chunks of marble and crystal chandeliers that constantly detached and fell from the sideways ship 's ceilings every time the ship creaked and shifted as it settled onto two underwater rocky mountain peaks . All that debris , along with thousands of dinner plates , can be seen stacked against the underwater windows in some of the salvage video . The ship has compressed three full meters in the 20 months since it crashed , and each time it groans and twists , windows break as their frames adjust and once-attached items are lodged free . On cruise ships , dining room tables are all affixed to the floors to keep passengers from chasing sliding tables in rough seas . Raiteri described the bizarre scene his divers faced swimming among the sideways tables , sometimes encountering plates of food and floating champagne bottles in their search for victims . Senior cabin service director Manrico Giampedroni , one of the last survivors to be pulled out of the wreckage alive , became trapped half submerged in the ship 's dining room when his leg got caught among fallen furniture . He survived for 36 hours on floating food and stayed awake by drinking caffeinated beverages until rescuers found him . If he had fallen asleep , he would have drowned . Incidentally , Giampedroni was later convicted of involuntary manslaughter in a plea bargain for his role in the deaths for not being at his duty station to help evacuate the ship . In addition to the general rule of thumb that you do n't blow up ships where there are still unrecovered victims , one of the main reasons the Concordia is being refloated rather than blown up or dismantled on site is because of the toxins and personal effects still trapped in the ship 's 1,500 staterooms . The ship 's engines are still thick with lubricants and the kitchens are still filled with cooking oils and non-soluble materials that would pollute the sea . Giglio , which lies within the Pelagos Sanctuary , the largest protected marine wildlife park in the Mediterranean , is flush with exotic sea life and coral reefs . The putrid stew inside the ship 's 17 deck-structure will eventually have to be purified or pumped out before the ship is refloated sometime next year , and the personal effects are another matter . All that was in the Concordia the moment it wrecked is presumably still there , save the ship 's bell , which mysteriously disappeared two months after the wreck based on surveillance video taken by authorized divers . An investigation into who could have stolen the bell has caused some concern that other items , especially high price items from the ship 's gift shops , could have also been pilfered . Everything inside the ship is expected to be recovered and returned to its original owners , no matter how water-logged it may be , but that could be months from now when the ship is eventually towed and dry docked for dismantling . Each of the cabins has a locked safe , presumably still filled with passengers ' valuables including cash and jewelry . There are also countless cameras , laptops , iPads and cellphones that passengers left behind , not to mention luggage . The ship had only been at sail for three hours , so many passengers likely did n't take time to unpack , but instead headed to the nearest dining room or bar to relax as the ship set sail . One suitcase floated to the nearby island of Elba and its soggy contents were delivered to the owner nine months after the disaster . Many more suitcases have been spotted by divers at the bottom of the sea . Nick Sloane , the head of the salvage operation for Titan Micoperi , the joint American-Italian venture to rescue the Concordia , , says that if explosives were used , the ship 's smaller contents would become dangerous projectiles . "  Mattresses and passports would scatter the sea , " he says . But the real danger would be flying cutlery , cooking knives , bottles and broken glass . If the "  parbuckling " goes well and the giant 114,000-ton vessel is tipped upright sometime in the next week , much more than the 65 percent of the ship that is under water now will be submerged . The platforms that will provide a base on which the Concordia will rest are some 30 meters below the sea level , meaning many of the staterooms that were dry until now will sink underwater . Some of the toxic water will be displaced and pushed out of the upper cabins . Some freezers that are still sealed could burst under new water pressure . And almost every window on the ship 's outer cabins is expected to break as the ship 's frame twists . Sloane says the noise will be deafening as metal twists and windows pop . The ship has been rigged with cameras and microphones to help the salvage crew monitor the ship 's structure as it is lifted . As Sloane says , ships this size were never meant to lie on their sides , and they are not built to be lifted . The salvage team says they will be able to contain any spillage of toxins with oil booms now in place around the work site . The broken glass and new debris will join what is already at the bottom of the sea . There will never be the scale of environmental disaster that was already averted by removing the ship 's 2,400 tons of fuel shortly after the ship crashed , but there are still major risks involved with salvaging the Concordia . If the parbuckling fails and the ship breaks apart as it is rotated , the rotten contents -- moldy mattresses , passports , toxic stew and all -- will spill into the once-pristine sea . And even if it succeeds , this part of the Mediterranean will never be quite the same again .	Costa Concordia ran aground off Giglio in January 2012 , killing 32 people Bodies of two victims may still be inside the rotting 952-foot wreck Divers call inside of ship a "  toxic stew " of spilled oil , rotting food and floating tableware
A guru in India 's northern Haryana state is in jail awaiting trial after 10 days of clashes between his followers and police seeking his arrest . The spiritual leader , Rampal Maharaj , was arrested Wednesday at his ashram without further resistance from his followers , said M.L. Kaushik , the regional administrative commissioner . Police said 459 people have been arrested . Also on Wednesday , Rampal 's followers turned over the bodies of five women and a child who authorities believe died of illness , Haryana state Police Chief S.N. Vashisht said . Tensions started more than a week ago when the followers did n't let officers arrest Rampal , the commissioner said . The situation began to escalate , culminating in full-blown clashes . The initial order to arrest Maharaj came after he repeatedly failed to appear in court in connection with a 2006 murder case , Kaushik said . After his arrest , the guru also was charged with sedition and waging war against the state , as well as attempted murder and rioting , Haryana state Police Chief S.N. Vashisht told CNN . The guru was jailed after making a court appearance Thursday in the city of Chandigarh , and a hearing was set for November 28 , Vashisht said . "  I am innocent . All allegations against me are false , " Rampal told reporters as he was escorted out of court . Several security personnel were injured in the clashes with the guru 's followers , who fired shots and pelted police with stones at the 2 1/2 - acre religious complex , police said . Police had surrounded the ashram and ordered its evacuation , cutting off the water and electricity , and warned they would n't leave until they had arrested Rampal . Police attempted to storm the compound on Tuesday attempting to take Rampal into custody . Television footage showed hundreds of police in riot gear aiming water cannons and tear gas at stone-throwing crowds . As many as 85 of Rampal 's followers were hurt , authorities said . Thousands of the supporters left the ashram late Tuesday and into Wednesday , police said . Early Wednesday afternoon , they estimated about 5,000 people remained inside , and the situation was reported to be calmer . Ashram authorities on Wednesday handed over to authorities the bodies of five women and a child who had died recently . Police said the bodies bore no visible signs of injury . "  We believe they were sick and died because of lack of medical attention on time , " Kaushik said . Autopsies will be performed at a nearby hospital to determine the cause of death . Rampal , 63 , is a worshiper of Kabir , a 15th-century Indian mystic , according to his website .	459 are arrested after violence at the ashram of Rampal Maharaj , police say Rampal was arrested Wednesday at the complex in India 's northern Haryana state Among the new charges against Rampal are sedition , waging war against the state Ashram leaders hand over to police six bodies ; all apparently died of illness
CNN  Arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season 's English Premier League title alive by beating relegation threatened Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor . A first half goal from Welsh international Aaron Ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure Arsenal 's hold on second place . More importantly it took the north London club to within four points of first placed Chelsea , with the two clubs to play next week . But Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday , a team who are themselves struggling against relegation . Good form Arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year , transforming what looked to be another mediocre season struggling to secure fourth place -- and with it Champions League qualification -- into one where they at least have a shot at winning the title . After going ahead , Arsenal rarely looked in any danger of conceding , showing more of the midfield pragmatism epitomized by the likes of Francis Coquelin , who also played a crucial role in the goal . "  He has been absolutely consistent in the quality of his defensive work , " Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger told Sky Sports after the game when asked about Coquelin 's contribution to Arsenal 's current run . They have won eight games in a row since introducing the previously overlooked young Frenchman into a more defensive midfield position . "  He was a player who was with us for seven years , from 17 , he 's now just 24 , " Wenger explained . "  Sometimes you have to be patient . I am very happy for him because he has shown great mental strength . " Now all eyes will be on next week 's clash between Arsenal and Chelsea which will likely decide the title . "  They have the games in hand , " said Wenger , playing down his club 's title aspirations . "  But we 'll keep going and that 's why the win was so important for us today . " Relegation dogfight Meanwhile it was a good day for teams at the bottom of the league . Aston Villa continued their good form since appointing coach Tim Sherwood with a 1-0 victory over Tottenham , who fired Sherwood last season . Belgian international Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game , his eighth in six matches , to secure a vital three points to give the Midlands club breathing space . Another Midlands club looking over their shoulder is West Brom , who conceded an injury time goal to lose 3-2 against bottom club Leicester City . But it was an awful day for Sunderland 's former Dutch international coach Dick Advocaat , who saw his team lose 4-1 at home against form team Crystal Palace . Democratic Republic of Congo international Yannick Bolasie scored Crystal Palace 's first ever hat trick in the Premier League to secure an easy victory .	Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in the EPL A goal from Aaron Ramsey secured all three points Win cuts Chelsea 's EPL lead to four points
CNN  -- A 93-year-old World War II medic who froze to death last month in his Bay City , Michigan , home left his entire estate to a local hospital , an estate attorney told CNN Wednesday . Martin Schur poses with his wife , Marian , in 1976 . Local and state officials agree that Schur 's death was avoidable . The attorney would not disclose the exact amount left behind by Martin Schur . But his nephew said his uncle indicated to family members two years ago that he had saved up more than a half-million dollars over the years . Schur and his wife , Marian , who died more than a year ago , did not have any children . "  I just know at one time he said he had over $ 600,000 in savings , " said William Walworth . "  That 's what he told me and my brother , and he was proud that he was able to save and build his estate up to that . " Cathy Reder , an attorney negotiating on behalf of Bay Regional Medical Center and the Schur family , said she was filing paperwork in probate court Wednesday for the court to determine the validity of the will . A hearing has been set for March 17 . Reder would not specify the amount left to the hospital , other than to say it 's more than $ 1 . "  The will leaves everything to Bay Medical Center , " she said . The hospital had no immediate comment . Walworth said his uncle was a frugal man who had n't eaten at a restaurant for over 30 years . "  He was very tight , and he was very frugal . But he did manage to save a lot of money . " He said it 's possible his uncle 's estate could be less than $ 600,000 , but he believes it 's still "  sizable . " "  Knowing my uncle , that 's him , " Walworth said . "  He loved his community . He loved Bay City , Michigan . " He added , "  Hopefully his death is not in vain and we can learn from this , and he 's still able to save lives . ... He was a very unique , special person in my life . I 'm proud of what he was able to do in his life . " He said he hopes his uncle 's message will spur others to "  look out for their neighbor . " The size of the estate -- if it 's as large as the nephew believes -- adds another tragic twist to Schur 's death . The power company limited his electricity because he owed about $ 1,000 . Watch neighbor say the death is "  unforgivable " " Schur 's death last month shocked Bay City , a town of about 37,000 on Lake Huron 's Saginaw Bay . The World War II veteran 's frozen body was found in his home January 17 , just four days after a device that regulates how much power he uses -- installed because of failure to pay -- shut off his power . A medical examiner said the temperature was 32 degrees in the house when Schur 's body was found . The medical examiner told The Bay City Times that Schur died a "  slow , painful death . " "  It 's not easy to die from hypothermia without first realizing your fingers and toes feel like they 're burning , " Dr. Kanu Virani told the paper . The Michigan State Police launched an investigation into Schur 's death for possible criminal violations . "  We have to do everything we can to make sure this does n't happen again , whether it 's Bay City or in any one of the cold weather states , " Bay City Mayor Charles Brunner said last week . The death has prompted a review of Bay City Electric Light & Power 's rules and procedures for limiting or cutting off power . It also resulted in Bay City residents protesting Monday to the city about its handling of the whole situation . A neighbor who lives down the street called Schur 's death "  unforgivable . " "  This ca n't be allowed to happen in this country , " said Jerome Anderson . Walworth said he believes his uncle 's death was "  preventable . " "  It should never have happened . It 's a tragic loss , " he said . "  I had a lot of fond memories of my uncle , and that 's the type of memory I do n't want to have : Him freezing to death . " Utility officials said Schur owed about $ 1,000 resulting in a "  limiter " being put on his home . Limiters are devices that cut power as a warning for people who have n't paid their bills . Limiters can be reset to restore a lesser degree of power until a bill payment is worked out . In Schur 's case , the limiter was never reset , and it 's unclear whether he knew how to do that . Schur had been living alone since his wife died , Walworth said . Unlike private utilities regulated by the state , Bay City runs and oversees its own utilities and therefore does n't fall under Michigan 's public service commission . By law , Michigan requires private companies to prohibit cutting off service to senior citizens between November and April . Seniors must register for the program . The city has begun questioning whether its rules and procedures for limiting or cutting off power need a major overhaul . The utility has stopped its practice of cutting power to customers who do n't pay their bills . The utility also has removed all "  limiters " on homes . Walworth said someone should have looked at Schur 's payment history and made direct contact to see whether something was wrong . He 's hoping the nation will learn from his uncle 's death . "  Hopefully , some good can come out of this . I 'm still an optimist . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Martin Schur , 93 , froze to death in his home last month ; leaves estate to hospital Attorney wo n't disclose amount ; relative says it 's likely in excess of $ 500,000 "  Hopefully his death is not in vain and we can learn from this , " nephew says The death has prompted a state investigation into the manner in which he died
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Topps Meat Co. on Saturday expanded a recall of ground beef from about 300,000 pounds to 21.7 million pounds , one of the largest meat recalls in U.S. history . The recalled products are all ground beef patties with various brand names . In a statement , the Elizabeth , New Jersey , company said the hamburger patties may be contaminated with E. coli O157 : H7 , a bacterium that can cause severe diarrhea and cramps , as well as other complications . A statement from the U.S. Department of Agriculture said 25 illnesses are under investigation in Connecticut , Florida , Indiana , Maine , New Jersey , New York , Ohio and Pennsylvania . The ground beef products being recalled have a "  sell by date " or a "  best if used by date " between September 25 , 2007 , and September 25 , 2008 , Topps ' statement said . Watch the latest on the beef recall " The packages also have the marking "  Est. 9748 " inside the USDA mark of inspection . Tuesday , the company announced a recall of about 331,000 pounds of hamburger meat , according to the USDA . "  Because the health and safety of our consumers is our top priority , we are taking these expansive measures , " said Vice President of Operations Geoffrey Livermore in the statement . "  Topps is continuing to work with the USDA , state departments of health , retailers and distributors to ensure the safety of our consumers . Additionally , we have augmented our internal quality control procedures with microbiologists and food safety experts . We sincerely regret any inconvenience and concerns this may cause our consumers , " Livermore said . This is the company 's first recall in its 65 years of business , the statement said . Consumers who find the products at home are asked to cut off the UPC code and return it to Topps for a full refund , then dispose of the product immediately , Topps spokeswoman Michelle Williams said . The company said to avoid E. coli , consumers should wash hands thoroughly after handling the beef . Topps set up a toll-free recall help line at 888734-0451 . Williams said because the products may have been produced up to a year ago , many of them have already been safely consumed . Production in the ground beef area of the company 's plant in Elizabeth has been shut down until all the investigations are complete , Williams said in a phone interview . "  We 're working with the USDA and the CDC -LSB- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -RSB- and conducting our own investigation , " she added . The products , all ground beef patties and hamburgers with various brand names , were distributed mainly in the northeastern United States , but went to retailers in many other areas of the country as well , Williams said . While the sheer size of the recall is large , two other companies have been involved in larger recalls . In 2002 , Pilgrim 's Pride recalled more than 27 million pounds of poultry , and Hudson Foods recalled 25 million pounds of ground beef in 1997 . E-mail to a friend	Topps Meat Co. hamburger patties may contain E. coli bacteria New Jersey plant 's grinding operation shut down As many as 25 cases of illness recorded in eight states
CNN  -- Randall Stephenson , CEO of AT&T , was watching the Olympics with his daughter when she saw it -- an ad featuring a man in a wheelchair suffering from a severe brain injury and holding a sign with the text : "  Where r. " "  This is the text message that caused the car accident that changed my life forever , " the man said . According to Stephenson , the ad did its job . "  She said , ` Dad ... that 's heavy ' , " he said . "  I said , it 's supposed to be heavy . It got your attention and that 's what we 're trying to accomplish . " Massachusetts teen convicted of homicide in texting-while-driving case The ad , from AT&T , is part of the mobile company 's "  It Can Wait " campaign . First launched in 2009 , the campaign aims to curb texting and driving , especially among young drivers . It will be ramping up between now and September 19 , or what the campaign is calling "  No Text on Board -- Pledge Day . " AT&T is asking all Americans to visit ItCanWait.com on or before that day and take a pledge to not text behind the wheel . According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project , texting while driving increased 50 % in one year  2010  , when 20 % of all drivers admitted to texting or sending an e-mail while driving . Teens report doing so at more than twice that rate , with 43 % admitting to doing so in an AT&T survey . People texting are 23 times more likely to get into an accident than other drivers , according to the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute . Several AT&T competitors , including Sprint and Verizon , have their own anti-texting-and-driving campaigns in one form or another , a fact Stephenson said he welcomes . "  If it 's just AT&T owning this issue , it does n't get the traction it needs , " he said . "  This is a dead-serious issue and I do n't mean that as a pun . People are dying ... we just need everyone to get after this and reverse this trend . " But with the ads like the one Stephenson watched with his daughter , AT&T 's campaign has been most visible . Stephenson makes no apologies about the frank nature of the ads , another of which features a woman sharing the one-word text she 'd sent to her sister , who was reading it behind the wheel when she flipped her car and died . "  I do n't think you 're going to move the needle without making people uncomfortable , " he said . Texting while walking a dangerous experiment in multitasking Others supporting the campaign include the National Safety Council , National Organizations for Youth Safety , wireless-industry trade association CTIA and the U.S. Department of Transportation . As to the pledge , Stephenson acknowledges that such efforts can be spotty in terms of verifiable results . But anything that draws attention to the problem is a plus , he said . "  We 've all made these pledges , and some stick and some do n't , " said Stephenson . "  But just the act , the effort of going to a website and taking the pledge ... now you 're aware . " TXTING @ THE WHEEL BAD 4 U ?	"  It Can Wait " aims to end the practice of texting and driving On September 19 , AT&T is hosting No Text on Board -- Pledge Day 43 % of teens admit to texting while behind the wheel Gripping ads feature victims injured or killed while texting
CNN  On Valentine 's Day , Mother Nature promises more heartbreak for New England . Forecasters predict that yet another blizzard will arrive Saturday evening and depart Sunday night . In a record-setting month , it wo n't be the worst storm that Boston has ever seen , but it will just compound the exasperation caused by three -- now four -- weather systems that have dumped piles of snow on the city . Cape Cod and the islands off the Massachusetts coast could see hurricane-force winds , with snow accumulations of 12 inches for Boston and up to 18 inches in coastal Maine . From New York 's Long Island to Maine , millions of people will find themselves under blizzard warnings . How to beat the winter blues Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker has declared the next seven days as " Valentine 's Week " in an attempt to help restaurants , flower shops and other small businesses hurting from the record setting snowfall . Could a baby boom be in the works ? Birth rates have been known to jump nine months after natural and man-made disasters , according to Dr. Robi Ludwig , a psychotherapist . She gave the example of New York following 9/11 , when births soared as many people faced calamity by turning to each other for support . The bad weather can mean cozy nights for cooking , sipping wine and watching movies -- activities that can shift to "  romance and sexuality , " Ludwig said . Track the storm -- Light snow , relatively speaking : Compared with other storms , this wo n't be as big a snow event for Boston . About 10 to 14 inches are forecast . Coastal Massachusetts might see 6 to 10 inches , forecasters say . -- Wicked wind : Some gusts could reach hurricane strength , 74 mph or greater . Sustained winds of 30 to 40 mph will cause the snow to blow around and hamper visibility . Power outages can be expected in many areas , the National Weather Service said . -- Another blizzard : Eastern Massachusetts and coastal areas of the Bay State are under blizzard warnings . So are parts of eastern Maine , where gusts of 60 mph are possible and up to 26 inches of snow . -- Storm surge : With high winds the surf along the Massachusetts coast will be harsh . The storm surge in northeastern parts of the state and in Maine could be 2 to 2 1/2 feet . This could lead to flooding . -- No mass transit Sunday : MBTA , better known to many as the T , wo n't run Sunday , when the worst of the weather will be hitting . There will be no subway , bus , commuter rail , trolley or ferry service . It 's the third time the subway has shuttered service because of a serious storm . Officials will decide on Sunday whether to cancel service for Monday . Amtrak canceled two trains on Saturday and six on Sunday . -- Whiteout conditions : There is no ban on driving but it seems now like it would be a pretty bad idea . "  Travel will become nearly impossible , " the National Weather Service is saying . The snow will be a light snow , so it will fly around easily in the strong winds . Visibility will be a quarter-mile or less during the storm . -- Flight trouble : Dozens of flights that had been scheduled to land at Boston 's Logan International Airport on Saturday have been called off already . According to the flight tracking website FlightAware , 31 flights have been canceled at Logan . Already , more than 350 flights have been canceled for Sunday . -- Staying home ? All this snow has caused small business in Boston to hurt . So much so that Gov. Baker on Friday declared next week as Valentine 's week . Ca n't get to your romantic restaurant on Saturday , or you forgot to make reservations ? The governor is giving you an extension . -- Frozen out : The snow emergency has led to the cancellation of Sunday 's two performances of "  Disney on Ice presents Frozen " at TD Garden . -- Widespread wind field : If you live in Asheville , North Carolina , you do n't have to worry about a blizzard , but the winds will be fierce beginning Saturday evening . You could travel from there to Maine 's border with Canada and face gusts of 40 mph or stronger the entire way . -- Forecast for the south : Birmingham and Atlanta , two cities that had a difficult go of it last year during one memorable snowy/icy storm , might find residents flooding grocery stores on Sunday night . "  Wintry precipitation possible early next week , " the National Weather Service in Atlanta said . "  Are you ready for a shot at winter ? " the agency 's Birmingham office said . -- Record month : With 42.3 inches of snow recorded this month , Boston has already had the snowiest February on record and with the first inch of Saturday 's snow , this month will become the snowiest of any month in Boston history , at least since records have been kept since 1872 . -- Almost 8 feet : Boston has received more snow this season-to-date than ever : 79.5 inches so far . -- Double trouble : Boston has never had more than one official blizzard in the same year . This should be the second ; another hit the city in late January . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Dave Hennen and Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	The wind will make life miserable , and Boston might feel like it 's in an icy hurricane Massachusetts governor extends Valentine 's Day to last all week Storm surge could cause some flooding in coastal Maine , northeastern Massachusetts
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- A Muslim Brotherhood candidate for next month 's presidential elections here lashed out Monday at the eleventh-hour entrance into the race by Omar Suleiman , the former spy chief to deposed strongman Hosni Mubarak . "  We are not against the concept of anyone running as long as he has the right legal status , but it 's unacceptable to have one of the symbols of Mubarak 's regime run for president , " Khairat el-Shater told CNN . "  The majority of Egyptians will not accept him . His candidacy is an insult to the revolution . " The only way Suleiman could win would be by forgery , el-Shater said . "  If there is a 1 % chance of forgery in the elections , and he wins that way , then all the Egyptians -- not just the Muslim Brotherhood -- will take to the streets . " Elections are scheduled to start May 23 . El-Shater said the brotherhood 's political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , would respect "  all signed treaties , " including the 1978 Camp David Accords with Israel . "  Regardless of any opinion toward these treaties , they were accepted by decent entities in the country , and it does not mean that changing the political system will affect the treaties . " But he noted that the accords included a component "  about respecting the rights of Palestinians . The Egyptians respected their part of the deal but the Israelis -- until now -- have not respected the Palestinian rights . The Egyptians complied , but the Israelis did not . " El-Shater said the timing of a loan from the International Monetary Fund to the Egyptian government could prove problematic . "  The timing is the problem because we do n't think this interim government is performing well , so we object that they take this loan and spend it in two months , then the new government worries about paying it back . " Whatever happens in the election , the top priority for the Muslim Brotherhood and the Freedom and Justice Party is to ease sectarian tensions , which built under Mubarak 's regime , he said . "  Mubarak 's former regime really oppressed the Coptics and the Muslims because his system was based on tyranny . We aim to rebuild our nation again . " Suleiman entered the race just hours before the Sunday deadline , said Hatem Bjato , who heads the election committee . Suleiman had initially said he would not seek the presidency in the first election for the post since the revolution that led to the toppling of Mubarak . But on Friday , Suleiman did an about-face , saying he felt obliged to supporters . "  I promise you , my brothers and sisters , to complete the goals of the revolution and provide security and stability to the Egyptian people , " he said in a written statement Friday . Parliament , which is 70 % Islamist , passed a bill against Suleiman 's running . But it is only symbolic , said Zakaria Abdel Aziz , the former head of the lawyer 's association . "  Only a decision from the administrative court would execute such a ban , " he told CNN . "  Banning former regime members from practicing their political rights for five years or even 10 has been discussed thoroughly , but the law has not been reactivated and there must be proof that Omar Suleiman has been implicated in political corruption before he is banned from running . " The status of another candidate was less certain . A court ruled that liberal opposition leader Ayman Nour will not be allowed to compete because he was jailed in recent years , the candidate 's son said Saturday . Nour was recently pardoned and plans to appeal , the son said . That decision could affect the future of al-Shater , since he too was pardoned for his past convictions . A millionaire businessman who served two prison terms under Mubarak , al-Shater is considered a conservative , though he is also credited as being the driving force behind the Brotherhood 's affirmation that Egypt should continue to honor its international agreements . Fearful for the future of its candidates , the Muslim Brotherhood nominated Saturday an alternative , Mohammed Morsi , chief of the Freedom and Justice Party . "  We are protecting the revolution and all of its goals . ... We have decided as the Brotherhood and its party to nominate Mohammed Morsi as our backup candidate for president , " it said in a statement . The group had pledged repeatedly that it would not field a presidential candidate . But candidates from its political arm won the largest share of seats in Egypt 's parliamentary elections in December . And Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie has said the new Egypt "  is under a serious threat " because its current military-led government "  has failed to represent the will of the people . " A military junta took power after Mubarak 's ouster . Salafist candidate Hazem Abu Ismael was also disqualified from running in the election because of his mother 's U.S. citizenship , state television reported Saturday . The deceased mother of Abu Ismael held U.S. citizenship and used her U.S. passport to enter Egypt three times , Egypt 's Interior Ministry has said . Ismael had said that his mother held a green card residency permit but was not a U.S. citizen . He told a private Egyptian TV program that his sister was married to an American and had obtained U.S. citizenship , but that his mother had not . The official number of candidates is 23 .	If Omar Suleiman wins , Egyptians will protest , Khairat el-Shater says Elections are scheduled to begin on May 23 El-Shater says his group 's priority is to ease sectarian tensions
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to seven points at the top of La Liga with a 4-1 home win over Real Sociedad on Sunday . Defending champions Barca went 10 points clear on Saturday night after their record breaking 16th consecutive victory -- Lionel Messi 's hat-trick defeating Atletico Madrid 3-0 and ensuring Pep Guardiola 's side overtook the winning run set by the great Real Madrid side in the 1960-61 season . But Real looked determined to close the gap and took a seventh minute lead when Kaka slotted the ball home after a poor clearance from Gorka Elustondo . Ronaldo had come under some criticism after going four matches without a goal , but he ended that streak with a first-half double . First the Portuguese international turned a defender on the edge of the area before firing home and he then headed in a corner for his 25th goal of the season , overtaking Messi at the top of the scoring charts in the process . The visitors pulled a goal back when Raul Tamudo 's shot was blocked by goalkeeper Iker Casillas -- but the rebound cannoned off Alvaro Arbeloa into the net . However , Real Madrid finished the job when Emmanuel Adebayor netted his first league goal for the club following his loan move from Manchester City . Meanwhile , Valencia maintained their recent impressive run of form with a 2-0 success over Hercules , to move to within a point of third-placed Villarreal . Goals from Aritz Aduriz and a Tino Costa free-kick gave Valencia their sixth win in seven games and closed the gap on Villarreal , who suffered a shock 1-0 defeat at home to lowly Levante on Sunday . Elsewhere , Sevilla are now six points off a Europa League place after being held to a 0-0 draw by bottom side Malaga in the Andalusian derby .	Real Madrid close gap on Barcelona to seven points at the top of La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Real Madrid defeat Real Sociedad 4-1 Emmanuel Adebayor scores his first goal since joining on loan from Manchester City Sevilla lose ground in the race for a Europa League place after a 0-0 draw with Malaga
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 43 civilians were killed Sunday when they were caught in the crossfire between Pakistani forces and Taliban militants , a Pakistani military official said . The official , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media , said the incident happened in Charbagh , a district of Swat Valley in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . The mountainous Swat Valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers , but today it is a Taliban stronghold . The Pakistani government and the army have come under criticism in recent weeks for allowing the security situation in Swat to deteriorate in the past few months . Islamabad has said there are plans for a new strategy to fight the Taliban , but they have yet to offer details . The Taliban are imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region -- banning music , forbidding men from shaving , and not allowing teenage girls to attend school . Watch a report on civilians killed in crossfire " Government officials say the Taliban have torched and destroyed more than 180 schools in the Swat region . Many families have fled the area , and have been followed by many Pakistani police officers who are too scared to take on Taliban forces , a Pakistani army spokesman told CNN last week . The Taliban seized control of Afghanistan in 1996 -- harboring al Qaeda leaders , including Osama bin Laden -- and ruled it until they were ousted from power in 2001 after the September 11 attacks on the United States . Since then , the Taliban have regrouped and are currently battling U.S. and NATO-led forces . U.S. President Barack Obama has called Afghanistan the "  central front " in the war on terror and has promised to make fighting extremism there , and in neighboring Pakistan , a foreign policy priority . He is expected to send as many as 30,000 additional U.S. troops to battle Taliban forces . Richard Holbrooke , the administration 's new envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , is scheduled to make his first trip to the region this week .	Swat Valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers Taliban are imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region Pakistan government criticized for allowing security in Swat to deteriorate
Check your Facebook mail lately ? Did n't think so . Apparently not many others did , either . So after three-plus years , the world 's largest social media outlet is pulling the plug on its little-used e-mail service , the company confirmed Tuesday . "  We 're making this change because most people have n't been using their Facebook e-mail address , and we can focus on improving our mobile messaging experience for everyone , " Facebook said in a statement . For those who do have a Facebook mail account , messages will be forwarded to the primary e-mail address listed in a user 's account , the company said . The changes are planned to roll out in March , and users can turn off that forwarding option if they prefer not to have their personal inboxes flooded with these messages . "  It 's a little bit of bowing to the inevitable , " said Justin Lafferty , editor of the trade site Inside Facebook . The e-mail addresses , which showed up as messages for Facebook users , never took off , and when Facebook tried to make them the default e-mail accounts for all users in mid-2012 , "  a lot of people were unhappy with that , " he said . "  It was kind of rolled out to everyone regardless of what they wanted , " Lafferty said . With last week 's $ 19 billion acquisition of WhatsApp , the fast-growing messaging service , Facebook is focusing more on mobile messaging than e-mail these days . Facebook ventured into the e-mail field in November 2010 , adding the service to the messaging system already used heavily by its 1.2 billion users . CEO Mark Zuckerberg said at the time that the system would complement , not compete , with entrenched e-mail giants such as Google , Yahoo and Microsoft . "  We do n't expect anyone to wake up tomorrow and say , ` I 'm going to shut down my Yahoo account or my Gmail account and switch exclusively to Facebook . ' But we do expect a shift to more real-time communication , " he said . Lafferty said the reversal is unlikely to be remembered in the company 's annals -- much like the service itself . "  Many people probably were n't even aware of the change , " he said .	"  It 's a little bit of bowing to the inevitable , " analyst says Facebook plans to pulls the plug on its e-mail service in March Few of its 1.2 billion users used the service , the social media giant says Messages from those accounts will be forwarded to a user 's primary e-mail
New York  CNN  -- With memories of a monster Christmas blizzard still fresh , another blast of winter weather charged across eastern states Friday , with winter advisories issued as far south as middle Georgia . A large complex winter system stretched across the Northeast Friday , making for messy commutes in cities like Philadelphia , but bringing fewer inches of accumulation than the massive storm that paralyzed much of New York less than two weeks ago . By Friday afternoon , 391 flights at New York 's three major airports had been canceled as a result of snow , according to spokesman Steve Coleman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . "  Overall we 're talking less than 10 percent of the normal traffic , " Coleman said . "  Most of these flights were canceled before the snow even really started . " Twenty flights at Philadelphia International Airport also were canceled as the storm rolled through the region , causing minor delays at Logan International Airport in Boston , officials said . Several major airlines -- including American , United/Continental , U.S. Airways and Delta -- announced that their customers could voluntarily reschedule flights to and from snow-affected areas without penalty . Southwest Airlines expanded the option for passengers flying in and out of not just New York and Pennsylvania airports but also Washington Dulles and Baltimore/Washington airports . The National Weather Service issued winter storm warnings , watches and advisories for portions of New York , New Jersey , Connecticut , Pennsylvania , Massachusetts and Vermont for Friday . Separate alerts also were issued for parts of Kentucky , Tennessee and North Carolina . Forecasters projected between 2 and 4 inches of snow across the greater New York City area , with heavier amounts expected over eastern sections of Long Island . Snow was predicted later in the weekend for Atlanta and areas even farther south . "  I spoke to a couple of folks and they 're just worried about the cleanup work afterwards , " said New York resident Hoyman Leung . "  The last round , they were certainly deficient . " Emergency workers , criticized for their slow response to the blizzard two weeks ago , will get another chance to prove themselves . Mayor Michael Bloomberg said New York has already instituted a series of changes . The heavy snow over the Christmas weekend hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . Following sharp criticism of the city 's slow response , John Doherty , the chief of the sanitation department , has made management and personnel shake-ups in Brooklyn . An investigation is currently under way into whether sanitation workers intentionally delayed cleanup efforts over frustrations about demotions and citywide budget cuts . Bloomberg also announced that a handful of the city 's 1,700 snow plows will be fitted with global positioning systems in a pilot program meant to better track the vehicles . "  It gives us the ability to check on the location and progress of our snow plows , " Bloomberg told reporters , saying that the devices will be added to some trucks in New York 's Brooklyn and one station in Queens , where many residents were left snowbound by the previous storm . The city is also deploying scout teams to transmit video images of neighborhoods back to City Hall during cleanup efforts , the mayor said .	NEW : 391 flights are canceled at New York 's three major airports NEW : A New York resident says many are "  worried about the cleanup work afterwards " 20 flights are canceled at Philadelphia 's airport ; delays in Boston and Newark
CNN  -- The recent ruling of a federal appeals court requiring the family of fallen hero Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder to pay the legal expenses of Fred Phelps and his misguided followers at Westboro Baptist Church is unconscionable . Like Matthew 's father , Albert , I am all too familiar with the hardships associated with losing a son in combat , having lost my son Justin in 2004 . It is a tragedy that the thanks given the Snyder family in return for the life of their son is a court order to repay the legal expenses of the hate group that protested at his funeral with signs such as "  thank God for dead soldiers . " Beyond simply insulting though , this decision by the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals is a slap in the face for every Gold Star family that has lost a loved one in combat . It also represents an egregious misuse of the judicial system ; one that sets a dangerous precedent for how the memory of our fallen heroes will be treated . The Supreme Court should immediately move forward with this case and stand up for those who have stood in the face of danger for all Americans . The legal maneuvers that brought Albert Snyder and his family to this point are enough to make any American shake his or her head in disgust . After Snyder lost his life in 2006 , Fred Phelps and his followers showed up at his funeral to spread their message of hate . Mind you , they did n't know Matthew , and thus had no understanding of the enormous sense of loss his family was feeling ; they simply decided that the Snyder family 's vulnerability presented an easy platform for their own agenda . To his credit , Albert Snyder sued the group and won an $ 11 million judgment against them . However , that award was reduced to $ 5 million on one appeal and overturned altogether this week by the appeals court . In fact , not only did the court overturn the original ruling , but it decided to add to the pain and suffering of the Snyder family by imposing more than $ 16,000 of court fees . Perhaps the judges had forgotten that without the sacrifices of brave soldiers and their families , the American judicial system would have been a long-distant memory . Beyond the inherent injustice of the court 's decision is the message it sends to the thousands of families around the country that have received a tightly wrapped flag and heard the words , "  On behalf of a grateful nation ... " When the Snyder family sued to protect the common decency we should provide to all grieving families , their efforts were met with court orders to pay the legal bills of those who caused their family so much needless pain . Surely , this is not the kind of thing that Lance Cpl. Snyder or my son , Justin , gave their lives to protect . Has our nation learned nothing from our treatment of returning Vietnam veterans ? What would have been the reaction to Fred Phelps and his repugnant actions during World War II ? Our veterans and the families of those who did n't return deserve better than this . Looking ahead , as engagements in Afghanistan draw on and our soldiers answer the call to defend freedom around the world , this case could have a dangerous effect on morale and willingness to serve . It is time for the Supreme Court to take up this case , not only for families like Albert Snyder but for the families who will bear the ultimate price of freedom in the future . The justices should strike down the ruling of the Virginia court that brushed aside the sacrifice of Lance Cpl. Snyder and restore common sense and basic decency to the way we honor our fallen heroes . Snyder fought on behalf of all of us , and now his father fights on his behalf . I can only hope that the Supreme Court will restore some measure of justice and dignity to a family so richly deserving of the best the United State has to offer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Ellsworth .	Father of a dead Marine was ordered to pay court costs to protesters who picketed funeral John Ellsworth , whose son also died in the Marines , says ruling was unconscionable He says soldiers and families make great sacrifices to protect the nation Ellsworth urges the U.S. Supreme Court to restore justice and dignity to the family
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities captured four suspects who allegedly participated in the ambush and killing of 12 federal police officers last week in southwestern Mexico , the state-run news agency Notimex said . Police present suspected drug dealer Jose Alberto Lopez Barron to the media Wednesday in Mexico City . The arrests follow a deployment of federal police that nearly quadrupled the number of forces in the state of Michoacan , which has recently been a flashpoint in the government 's battle against drug trafficking . Among those arrested was Jose Alberto Lopez Barron , who had a handgun that was traced to one of the slain officers , federal police said at a news conference , Notimex reported . The other three alleged drug cartel members -- Gamaliel Rodriguez Granados , Evaristo Armas Bello and Jaime Rafael Navarro -- were captured aboard a taxi in a town in Michoacan , Notimex said . All are believed to have taken direct orders from the boss of the La Familia Michoacana cartel , a group that has become exceedingly violent in recent months , Notimex said . The 12 slain off-duty police officers were found on the side of a remote highway July 14 . The killings were among a series of reprisals by La Familia after the federal police captured one of their top leaders , authorities said .	Four arrested in deaths of 12 federal officers last week in southwestern Mexico Suspects believed to have taken orders from boss of La Familia Michoacana cartel Report : Police say Jose Alberto Lopez Barron had gun traced to a slain officer Killings among series of reprisals by La Familia after capture of one of their leaders
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's plan to review U.S. surveillance programs has validated fugitive NSA leaker Edward Snowden 's role as a whistle-blower , the head of the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks said Saturday . The statement came a day after Obama outlined steps to reform intelligence gathering measures , saying the classified leaks by Snowden created a public distrust in programs meant to safeguard Americans . "  As Snowden has stated , his biggest concern was if he blew the whistle and change did not occur , " Julian Assange said in a written statement . "  Well , reforms are taking shape , and for that , the president and people of the United States and around the world owe Edward Snowden a debt of gratitude . " Obama has refused any characterization of Snowden as a "  whistle-blower " or "  patriot , " telling reporters there were "  other avenues " the former National Security Agency contractor could have taken instead of leaking national security surveillance information . The president said Snowden 's leaks came in "  dribs and drabs , " giving a false general impression that "  we are somehow out there willy-nilly sucking information from everybody . " At the same time , Obama sought to assure the public that there are safeguards in place , while acknowledging the need for transparency . Among the steps being taken , according to the president : Working with Congress to pursue appropriate improvements of the telephone data program ; reforming the secret court that approves that initiative ; improving transparency to provide as much information as possible to the public , including the legal rationale for government collection activities ; and appointing a high-level , independent group of outside experts to review surveillance technologies . Snowden stepped forward publicly in June to claim responsibility for leaking to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States . The agency also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents , he said . Snowden fled first to China and then to Russia before Moscow granted him temporary asylum despite pressure from the Obama administration to return him to the United States to face charges . He has been charged with three felony counts , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act , for the leaks . If Snowden believes his actions were right , "  he can appear before a court with a lawyer and make his case , " the president said . Snowden and others have contended that he did America and the world a service by revealing information on secret programs , which they say wrongly impinge on people 's right to privacy in furtively giving too much information to the U.S. government . "  The simple fact is that without Snowden 's disclosures , no one would know about the programs and no reforms could take place , " Assange said . Assange released the statement from Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he sought refuge to avoid extradition to Sweden to face questioning over alleged sex crimes . CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Julian Assange says the world owes Edward Snowden a debt of gratitude "  Reforms are taking shape , " Assange said in a statement released Saturday President Obama has rejected characterizations of Snowden as a whistle-blower Snowden , who has temporary asylum in Russia , faces felony charges in the U.S.
CNN  -- It was supposed to be the trip of a lifetime for Merrill Newman , a Korean War veteran who had long wanted to go to North Korea . It ended , according to his family , with the detention of Newman , 85 , when he was pulled off a plane at Pyongyang 's Sunan International Airport five minutes before it was to depart . Newman , of Palo Alto , California , has not been seen nor heard from since October 26 , the day he and a traveling companion wrapped up a 10-day organized tour of North Korea , his son , Jeff Newman , told CNN . The U.S. State Department declined Thursday to confirm Newman 's identity or whether he had been detained , citing privacy issues . North Korea has not publicly acknowledged that it is holding Newman . Newman 's son believes the detention is the result of "  a misunderstanding . " "  My father is a  Korean War  veteran and wanted to see the country and culture he has been interested in for years , " he said . "  He arranged this with a travel agent that was recommended and said was approved by the North Korean government for travel of foreigners . He had all the proper visas . " Jeff Newman said his family has been working through the State Department since they found out that his father was being held . "  We 've worked through the State Department from the day he was supposed to depart , " Newman said . " ... We 've heard nothing . " Jeff Newman said what he has heard has primarily come from his father 's traveling companion , who was on the plane . He identified the traveling companion as Bob Hamrdla , a friend who lives in the same retirement community . Newman was a customer of Juche Travel Services of London , and he traveled with "  one other gentleman " to North Korea on the same private tour , Juche Travel spokesman David Thompson said in a written statement . "  The tour arrangements were handled by the Korea International Travel Company , " Thompson said . "  Mr. Newman had in place all necessary and valid travel documents to take his tour . We have no information concerning what has occurred to result in the current situation . " Bargaining chip ? News of the apparent detention came as talks were under way between the United States and China , North Korea 's closest ally , about reviving negotiations to dismantle Pyongyang 's nuclear program . The timing raises questions about whether North Korea plans to use Newman as a bargaining chip in the negotiations , a move the West has previously accused it of doing to try to gain concessions . Glyn Davies , the U.S. special representative to North Korea , declined to link the two , but said the detention of American citizens "  is an indication that North Korea seems not to be seeking a better relationship with the United States . " "  Again , these are separate matters , but we certainly think that North Korea should think long and hard about these cases and understand that , for the United States , these are matters of core concern for us , the fate of Americans who are in North Korea being held by North Koreans , " he said Thursday . The United States , which does not maintain diplomatic relations with North Korea , is working with Sweden and North Korea 's top ally , China , to try to resolve the issue . Questions have been raised about whether Newman 's military service during the Korean War may be related to his detention . Park Syung-je , chairman of the Seoul-based Asia Strategy Institute , says Newman may have been arrested on espionage charges . As a Korean War veteran , Newman might have told his minders he fought against North Korea . They may have reported it , resulting in his detention . The U.S. Defense Department did not immediately respond Thursday to CNN 's request for information on Newman 's military service . Meeting with authorities The day before Newman was to leave North Korea , he and his tour guide met with "  one or two Korean authorities , " his son said . During that meeting , Newman 's service record was discussed , he said . "  I understand my dad was a bit bothered , " Newman said . But neither he nor his traveling companion believed there was an issue . The next day , Newman and Hamrdla boarded a plane for Beijing . Five minutes before the plane was to depart , authorities boarded and asked to see Newman 's passport , his son said . According to the traveling companion 's account , the authorities then asked the elder Newman to leave the plane with them , Jeff Newman said . When the plane landed , Hamrdla immediately contacted the U.S. Embassy in Beijing to report Newman had been taken off the plane , the younger Newman said . ` Trip of a lifetime ' The elder Newman was enjoying the trip and called home from North Korea to tell his wife about it , his son said . The family also received postcards sent by Newman during the tour of North Korea , he said . The younger Newman called his father "  old school , " saying he never talked about his service and the Korean War . The trip to North Korea was "  months in the planning , " the younger Newman said . He said a Chinese tour company set up the tour , which included the services of two tour guides . "  It was the trip of a lifetime , " he said . Hamrdla has declined to speak with reporters but , in a statement , said the situation has to be a "  terrible misunderstanding . " The elder Newman suffers from a heart condition , his son said . Medication was delivered to the North Koreans via Swedish diplomats , but he said he is unsure whether the medication made it into his father 's hands . "  We would like to know his status . We would like the Swedish Embassy to meet with him to ensure he 's getting his medication , " Jeff Newman said . "  At the end of the day , we 'd like him to get on a plane and fly back to San Francisco . He 's an 85-year-old man who followed all the protocols . He did everything that he was supposed to do . " Others detained Newman is one of two American citizens being held in North Korea . The other one , Kenneth Bae , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean government has said he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . North Korean authorities have arrested four U.S. citizens for entering the country illegally since January 2009 , the State Department said in its travel advisory Tuesday . Two other U.S. citizens who entered the country on valid visas were arrested for other reasons , and U.S. officials have received reports of other Americans being arbitrarily detained , according to the State Department . Other detained Americans South Koreans also have been detained . In 1999 , a South Korean woman , Min Young-mee , was detained for six days after apparently saying the wrong thing on a tour to North Korea 's Kumkang Mountains . "  I hope the two Koreas reunite soon so we can visit each other , " Min said . "  North Korean defectors are living well in the South . " A North Korean minder for the tour group reported her remarks to North Korean authorities . She was n't allowed to return home with her tour group . After a written apology for violating North Korean laws , she returned safely . Travel to North Korea has increased in recent years as the government has eased travel restrictions , making it easier for Westerners to visit . On Tuesday , the State Department warned Americans not to travel to North Korea . Previously , the agency had warned U.S. citizens of the "  serious risks " of travel to the reclusive country -- including arbitrary arrest for what would be innocuous acts elsewhere . But its last travel warning , issued on October 1 , did n't include the stronger language advising against all travel . The photos North Korea did n't want you to see CNN 's Anderson Cooper , David McKenzie , Christopher Laible , Sarah Baker , Michael Martinez and Ashleigh Cowie , along with journalist Yoonjung Seo , contributed to this report .	Merrill Newman , 85 , was detained by North Korean authorities on October 26 , his son says Newman , a Korean War veteran , was wrapping up a 10-day tour of the country The day before he was due to leave , he was questioned by North Korean authorities He had "  all necessary and valid travel documents to take his tour , " agency says
CNN  -- California regulators recommended a record $ 2.25 billion fine for the state 's largest utility Monday in the gas pipeline explosion that killed eight people in a San Francisco suburb . If approved by the California Public Utilities Commission , the proposed fine for Pacific Gas and Electric would be the largest ever imposed by a state regulator . Jack Hagan , the head of the agency 's safety and enforcement decision , said "  every penny " should go toward safety improvements . "  There is no amount of money that will bring back the eight people who tragically lost their lives in the pipeline blast or heal the lasting wounds to the people of San Bruno , " Hagan said in a statement announcing the decision . "  All we can do is make sure such a tragedy does not happen again . " The September 2010 explosion destroyed 38 homes and left a 72-foot by 26-foot crater in the middle of a neighborhood in San Bruno , near San Francisco International Airport . Federal investigators found the pipeline at the heart of the blast was inadequate even when installed in 1956 . There was no immediate reaction to the announcement from PG&E , which accepted responsibility for the explosion in December 2011 . The company has until May 24 to file a response to the recommendation , and the commission says it expects to decide on the penalty in late summer . PG&E has said it invested more than $ 1 billion in safety upgrades on the pipeline since the disaster , and that money would be applied to the proposed fine , the commission said . The company would be required to spend shareholder funds on the improvements without seeking additional money from customers , the commission said . In addition , PG&E would be subjected to audits to make sure it 's not shifting money from other operations "  that affect safety . " The National Transportation Safety Board , which investigated the disaster , found that a faulty pipe , flawed operations and inadequate government oversight led to the explosion . NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said the probe yielded "  troubling revelations about a company that exploited weaknesses in a lax system of oversight , and government agencies that placed a blind trust in operators to the detriment of public safety . " "  It was not a question of if this pipeline would burst , " she said . "  It was a question of when . " CNN 's Erica Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Regulators could approve the recommended fine in late summer The San Bruno , California , explosion killed 8 people The blast destroyed dozens of homes in the San Francisco suburb Proposed $ 2.25 billion fine would be largest state penalty , regulator says
New Delhi  CNN  A gang of robbers struck a Christian school in eastern India on Saturday , and one of them raped a 71-year-old nun , a senior official said . The man apparently did so , because she resisted the robbers , said P.B. Salim , chief administrator of the West Bengal state 's Nadia district . Previously , a church official had told CNN sister broadcaster CNN-IBN that three or four of the men had raped the woman . A group of seven to eight men allegedly barged into the school and its attached staff residence during pre-dawn hours , and the elderly Sister Superior raised an alarm and resisted , Salim said . The rape was apparently punishment for it . Later , the men tied her up along with two other nuns and the building guard . The robbers then made off with cash worth a few hundred thousand rupees  thousands of dollars  , laptops and other articles , Salim said . The attacked nun is under medical care . "  Physically , she is better . But the mental trauma will take its own time to heal , " Salim said . "  It is a very , very shameful act , first of all , to rape any woman , any female , " Father Dominic Emmanuel of the Delhi Catholic Archdiocese said in televised comments . "  But this one becomes even worse because , first of all , she is an old lady and then on top of it , she is a nun . She is a religious  and  has consecrated her life to God and all her life she has remained a virgin . " The investigation into the burglary and rape is ongoing , and no arrests have yet been made , Salim told CNN . A series of rape cases involving girls , foreign tourists and a physiology student who died following a brutal gang rape in 2012 has hurt India 's international reputation . Crowds have taken to Indian streets to protest against rape . The nation 's lawmakers introduced tougher laws and punishments for sexual crimes and harassment . Despite such action , India continues to see episodes of sexual violence . For instance , five men were arrested in Kolkata in January and charged with raping a Japanese tourist . Police said the men operated as a gang and targeted single , Japanese tourists . In December , an Uber driver was charged with sexually assaulting a passenger . The incident that grabbed the world 's attention was the rape of a woman by five men on a bus in 2012 . She later died of her injuries . Anti-rape activists complained when the Indian government restricted the showing of a BBC documentary about rape that included comments from one of those men . He provoked outrage around the world by blaming the victim and saying the woman "  should just be silent and allow the rape . " Official data in India show that rape cases have jumped almost 875 % over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 . But campaigners say sexual assaults are underreported because of stigma and cultural factors . Experts say the causes of the high number of rapes include the nation 's patriarchy , widespread poverty and lack of law enforcement in rural areas .	Official says men broke into a convent school and one sexually assaulted a septuagenarian nun A series of publicized rapes have occurred in India in recent years
CNN  The chief political commentator at the Daily Telegraph has quit after describing the British newspaper 's lack of coverage of the HSBC tax-dodging scandal as a "  fraud on its readers . " Peter Oborne , who had been at the London-based broadsheet since 2010 , accused its executives of placing the interests of the bank -- a key advertiser -- above its duty to bring the story to its readers . He lamented the sharp fall in circulation and the arrival of a "  click culture " at the newspaper , which meant stories were no longer judged by their importance , accuracy or appeal to those who actually bought it . "  With the collapse in standards has come a most sinister development , " Oborne wrote Tuesday , in a rambling commentary published on opendemocracy.net . "  It has long been axiomatic in quality British journalism that the advertising department and editorial should be kept rigorously apart . There is a great deal of evidence that , at the Telegraph , this distinction has collapsed . " He was referring to the recent "  HSBC files " case , where documents leaked to French authorities by a former HSBC employee , and then analyzed by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists  ICIJ  accused the banking giant of using a secretive Swiss banking system to conceal the identities of account holders , and in many cases , help them avoid paying tax . Oborne pointed out that while the story was splashed across the front pages of its competitors for days , "  you needed a microscope to find the Telegraph coverage . " "  Nothing on Monday , six slim paragraphs at the bottom left of page two on Tuesday , seven paragraphs deep in the business pages on Wednesday , " he wrote . "  The Telegraph 's reporting only looked up when the story turned into claims that there might be questions about the tax affairs of people connected to the Labour party . " The Telegraph is a politically conservative title , largely supportive of Prime Minister David Cameron 's Conservative Party . Shortly after Oborne 's blistering attack , the newspaper hit back . "  It is a matter of huge regret that Peter Oborne , for nearly five years a contributor to the Telegraph , should have launched such an astonishing and unfounded attack , full of inaccuracy and innuendo , on his own paper . " An HSBC spokesperson declined to comment on Oborne 's claims when contacted by CNN Wednesday . Oborne said this is n't the first time the newspaper had suppressed stories relating to HSBC . Last year , he recalled working on a piece about how prominent British Muslims had received letters out of the blue from HSBC informing them that their accounts had been closed . "  No reason was given , and it was made plain that there was no possibility of appeal , " he wrote . When he tried to publish the story , he described being "  fobbed off " and given non-existent legal issues as an excuse . "  When I pushed the point , an executive took me aside and said that ` there is a bit of an issue ' with HSBC . Eventually I gave up in despair and offered the article to openDemocracy , " he wrote . Oborne said the reporting on HSBC is part of a wider problem at the newspaper . He described the Telegraph 's stance on last year 's pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong as "  bizarre . " When rivals including The Guardian and The Times wrote in December about the refusal by the Chinese government to allow a committee of British lawmakers into the former UK colony , he said the Telegraph remained silent . In September that year , the newspaper published a commentary by the Chinese ambassador to Britain to coincide with what Oborne described as its "  lucrative " China Watch supplement . It was given the headline "  Let 's not allow Hong Kong to come between us . " When he expressed his concern about the direction the paper was taking , Oborne recalled a meeting with Murdoch MacLennan , the chief executive of the Telegraph Media Group . "  I told him that I was not leaving to join another paper . I was resigning as a matter of conscience . "  Mr. MacLennan agreed that advertising was allowed to affect editorial , but was unapologetic , saying that ` it was not as bad as all that ' and adding that there was a long history of this sort of thing at the Telegraph , " wrote Oborne .	Peter Oborne quits the Daily Telegraph and accuses it of being more concerned with advertisers Oborne : "  With the collapse in standards has come a most sinister development " Telegraph calls it an "  astonishing and unfounded attack , full of inaccuracy and innuendo "
Berlin  CNN  -- More than 300 wounded Libyans will arrive in Germany to be treated in hospitals within the next 10 days in an operation approved by Libya 's interim government , the German Foreign Ministry said Friday . "  Our expectation of the amount of the wounded Libyans treated in German hospitals changes each hour , " said Thomas Holz of the German health service Almeda . According to Almeda 's marketing chief Michael Blasius , the company expects the number of Libyan patients to rise . Already , 111 Libyans who arrived in 20 planes are receiving treatment in German civilian hospitals . Four further planes were expected to land in German territory Friday . "  Some of those patients will be transferred to countries like France , Great Britain , Turkey and the U.S. , " Blasius told CNN on Friday . The United States plans to provide treatment for at least 28 wounded Libyan fighters . U.S. officials said Thursday that at least 24 would be taken to a hospital in Boston , Massachusetts , because their wounds can not be treated in Libya . An additional four will go to U.S. medical facilities in Germany , according to Major Janelle Jeffrey of the U.S. Africa Command , based in Stuttgart , Germany . Libya 's National Transitional Council requested the U.S. medical treatment , which is being offered as a humanitarian gesture and support for Libya 's democratic aspirations , U.S. officials said . Almeda said it received the health service request by Libya 's new Finance Ministry on October 14 . Four days later , the first military plane arrived in Germany with dozens of wounded Libyans . That was a day after German Economy Minister Philipp Roesler announced Germany would offer medical help to the NTC . Three so-called "  scouting teams " are currently screening Libyan and Tunisian hospitals , searching for heavily injured Libyans who might benefit from treatment abroad . Almeda told CNN there would be two further scouting teams in Tunisia and Libya at the beginning of next week . Many wounded Libyans had already received treatment in Tunisia , according to Blasius . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy in Washington and Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin contributed to this report .	More than 300 wounded Libyans will be treated in Germany in the next 10 days 111 Libyans are already receiving treatment in Germany The United States plans to treat at least 28 wounded Libyan fighters The Libyans are being taken abroad because their wounds ca n't be treated in Libya
CNN  -- Serbia 's Davis Cup champions hope that world No. 1 Novak Djokovic will be able to play in Friday 's opening rubber of the semifinal against Argentina in Belgrade . The 24-year-old arrived in his home city on Thursday following his epic four-hour U.S. Open final victory over Rafael Nadal in New York on Monday . He has been drawn to play David Nalbandian , but his teammates are prepared for the possibility that history will repeat itself in the tennis teams event . Last year Djokovic also played in a Monday final at Flushing Meadows , that time losing to Nadal , and pulled out of his opening singles against the Czech Republic after falling ill . "  We 'll see how he feels , " said Victor Troicki , who clinched the decisive rubber in last December 's final against France . "  If he 's not that great , I 'll be definitely ready to play the first match against Nalbandian . "  Last year I found out three hours before the match that I would play , but this time I 'm aware that he might not play if he 's not right . " Nalbandian , who lost to Nadal in the third round at the U.S. Open , has been struggling with injuries this year but holds a 3-1 career record over Troicki . The former world No. 3 , now ranked 74th , is 1-4 against Djokovic -- who has won 64 of 66 matches this year . "  David has been a main feature for Argentina in Davis Cup for the last few years , he 's a real cup player , " Argentina captain Tito Vazquez told the tournament 's website . "  He 's been trying quite hard to come back on the circuit . He played an excellent first set against Nadal in the U.S. Open , and he 's a player who 's capable of beating anybody , so that 's why we chose him . " The second singles rubber sees Serbia No. 2 Janko Tipsarevic take on former world No. 4 Juan Martin del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open champion who is resurrecting his career after a year out with wrist problems . Tipsarevic and Nenad Zimonjic were drawn to face Juan Ignacio Chela and Juan Monaco in Saturday 's doubles tie , but that line-up could yet change depending on Friday 's results . In the second semifinal , last year 's runners-up France travel to Cordoba to play Nadal 's Spain on his favored clay surface . The French won 5-0 in his absence last year , but may struggle without injured world No. 7 Gael Monfils -- their best clay player . Nadal will play Richard Gasquet in the opening rubber , then Gilles Simon will take over as France 's No. 1 against David Ferrer . Nadal has beaten 15th-ranked Gasquet in all nine professional encounters , while world No. 11 Simon 's only win over Ferrer came on Cincinnati 's hard-courts this year after two clay defeats in 2007 . "  I know exactly what he 's going to do , " Simon said of his fifth-ranked opponent . "  He 's a real warrior on the court , but I know that I can win and I have to keep believing that every moment . " In the doubles , Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco will play France 's Michael Llodra and world No. 10 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who has struggled on clay this year but may be given a chance in the reverse singles .	Novak Djokovic drawn to play David Nalbandian in opening tie of Davis Cup semifinal World No. 1 returns to Belgrade just days after his grueling U.S. Open final triumph Losing finalist Rafael Nadal to play for Spain in other semi against France Serbia beat France in last year 's final to win teams event for the first time
CNN  -- Australia cricket international Phil Hughes has died after being hit in the head by a ball on Tuesday . The 25-year old , who had been hoping to regain his place in the team for next week 's Test match against India , passed away on Thursday after failing to recover from an induced coma at a hospital in Sydney . The South Australia batsman , who would have turned 26 on Sunday , was fatally injured when hit by a "  bouncer , " a short ball that bounces up towards the batsman 's torso , near his left ear -- the ball somehow evading the cricketer 's helmet as he swiveled to play a shot . Australian team doctor Peter Brukner told a press conference Thursday that Hughes suffered a "  massive bleed into his brain " during the game on Tuesday afternoon . He said the ball hit the side of his neck and , "  as a result of that blow , his vertebral artery was compressed by the ball . That caused the artery to split and for bleeding to go up into the brain . And he had a massive bleed into his brain . This is frequently fatal at the time . " But he said doctors on the scene , including a specialist who had been in the crowd , managed to resuscitate him . He was later taken to hospital where they made "  an intervention " to release pressure on his brain . He was then put in an induced coma but failed to recover . Family devastated At the same press conference , James Sutherland , the CEO of Cricket Australia , paid tribute to the young cricketer . "  Without doubt he was a rising star , with his best cricket ahead of him , " he said . "  He was a hero to kids around the nation and particularly those around his home grounds of New South Wales . " Michael Clarke , Australia 's Test captain , then read a short statement on behalf of Hughes ' family . "  We are devastated by the loss of our much-loved son and brother . " "  It 's been a very difficult few days . We appreciate all the support we 've received from family , friends , players , Cricket Australia and the general public . "  Cricket was Phillip 's life , and we as a family shared that love of the game with him . "  We would like to thank all of the medical and nursing staff at St Vincent 's Hospital , and Cricket NSW medical staff for their great efforts with Phillip , we love you . " Outpouring of emotion His death has triggered an outpouring of emotion in Australia and among cricket enthusiasts the world over . A statement from the office of Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott read : "  Phillip Hughes was a young man living out his dreams . "  His death is a very sad day for cricket and a heartbreaking day for his family . What happened has touched millions of Australians . "  For a young life to be cut short playing our national game seems a shocking aberration . "  He was loved , admired and respected by his teammates and by legions of cricket fans . "  Australians ' thoughts and prayers are with the Hughes family . " Former England international Nick Compton told CNN his former friend had lived "  life to the full . " Born in Macksville , New South Wales , Hughes was a talented sportsman who counted both cricket and rugby league among his attributes as a teenager .	South Australia batsman was fatally injured when hit by a "  bouncer " 25 year old had been in a coma since being operated on earlier this week Ball somehow evaded the cricketer 's helmet as he swiveled to play a shot Australian prime minister 's office : His death is a very sad day for cricket
New York  CNN  -- "  The Book of Mormon , " a musical satire about religion written by the creators of "  South Park , " and "  War Horse , " a British play about a boy 's search for his beloved horse , dominated the 65th annual Tony Awards Sunday night . The apparent predestination of "  The Book of Mormon " as the big winner was not lost on comedian Chris Rock before he presented the best musical Tony . "  This is such a waste of time , " Rock joked . "  It 's like taking a hooker to dinner . " "  The Book of Mormon " got the best musical Tony , along with eight other trophies . The show had been nominated in 14 categories . What the show lacked in suspense was made up with entertainment as two-time Tony host Neil Patrick Harris guided the three-hour broadcast from Broadway 's Beacon Theatre . Harris , who is openly homosexual , opened the show with a tongue-in-cheek number proclaiming "  Broadway 's not just for gays anymore . " Most of the dozen song-and-dance performances were from nominated musicals , but the leading actors for "  Spider-man , Turn Off the Dark " sang a duet from the show that opens on Broadway next Tuesday . "  War Horse " was the big winner among plays , winning all five categories in which it was nominated -- including the best play Tony . It is the story of a teen 's journey to find his horse after it was shipped to France for duty in World War I . If an award was given for the most emotional and breathless acceptance speech , it might have gone to Nikki M. James , the 30-year-old actress who claimed her first Tony after a decade of work on Broadway . "  They say wrap it up , but I will not leave the stage , " James said , well into her acceptance of the best featured actress in a musical Tony . James , who played an African girl in "  The Book of Mormon , " claimed the only acting award given to the show . "  The Book of Mormon " wins set up what might have been the most unlikely of Tony "  thank you " speeches . "  It it were n't for you , we would n't be here , " Trey Parker told fans of his Comedy Central animated series "  South Park " as he and Casey Nicholaw accepted the Tony for best direction of a musical . Later , when Parker accepted the best musical award , he thanked "  Joseph Smith , the founder of the Morman religion . " "  He could n't be here tonight , but you did it , Joseph , you got the Tony , " Parker said . John Larroquette now has a Tony to sit on a shelf with his five TV Emmys . The former "  Night Court " actor won the best featured actor in a musical for his Broadway debut in "  How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying . " Ellen Barkin , a veteran film and television actress , won the best featured actress in a play Tony for her Broadway debut in "  The Normal Heart . " "  Performing in ` The Normal Heart ' is a very profound experience for me , " Barkin said in her acceptance speech . "  It 's the proudest moment in my career . " Barkin 's "  Normal Heart " co-star John Benjamin Hickey was given the best featured actor award . The play , which focuses on the early years of the AIDS epidemic in New York , was chosen the best play revival . The best leading actor in a play award went to Mark Rylance for his role as Johnny "  Rooster " Byron , a former daredevil motorcyclist in "  Jerusalem . " Norbert Leo Butz , who portrays FBI Agent Carl Hanratty in "  Catch Me If You Can , " captured the best leading actor in a musical Tony . His character chases a con artist , based on the real-life story of Frank Abagnale , Jr. . The best leading actress in a play award was handed to Frances McDormand for her "  Good People " role as a struggling out-of-work mother . Sutton Foster , who won a best actress Tony in 2002 for "  Thoroughly Modern Millie , " got a second trophy Sunday night . Foster carried home this year 's best actress in a musical Tony for "  Anything Goes . " "  Anything Goes " also won for best musical revival and best choreography .	"  The Book of Mormon ' " wins 9 musical Tony awards "  War Horse " pulls 5 awards , including best play Tony Neil Patrick Harris hosted the song-and-dance filled broadcast
April 23 is , according to some reports , William Shakespeare 's birthday . In a nod to the Bard 's enduring legacy 450 years on from his birth , as well as the UK 's theatrical history , here are a few stages worth seeing , whether a play 's being performed or not . Shakespeare 's Globe theater  London The original Globe theater was built by Shakespeare 's company , the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , in 1599 , but was destroyed by fire in 1613 . A replica was built in 1997 just meters from the original site , with historical records used for guidance . Though almost identical in appearance to the original , the new 857-seat structure has several modern features , including roof-based sprinklers and a concrete theater pit , as opposed to the straw-strewn one that would have existed in 1599 . One feature faithfully recreated is the roof -- Shakespeare 's Globe has the first and only thatched roof permitted in London since the great fire of 1666 . Shakespeare 's Globe , 21 New Globe Walk , Bankside , London ; +442079021400 The Dsseldorfer Schauspielhaus  Dsseldorf , Germany The history of this German theater dates to 1818 , when King Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia presented it to the residents of Dsseldorf as a gift . The modern theater that now stands on the original site was built in the late 1960s . Its curved , undulating lines are designed to resemble a theater curtain . Architect Bernhard Pfau 's design was chosen in a competition . The Dsseldorfer Schauspielhaus , Gustaf-Grndgens-Platz 1 , Dsseldorf , Germany ; +4921185230 Balboa Theatre  San Diego The Balboa Theatre was built in 1924 and named after Spanish explorer Vasco Nuez de Balboa -- the first European to discover the Pacific Ocean . The property fell into disrepair , but in 2002 a major restoration began . A replica of the theater 's sign , depicting Vasco 's ship , was created using original colors identified from photographs , and stencils were used to painstakingly recreate the tapestry design that once adorned the walls . "  After a $ 26 million renovation , this elegant vaudeville theater has been fully restored , complete with its one-of-a-kind , fully operational interior waterfalls , " says Ken Stein at the League of Historic American Theaters . "  If you could sum up the beauty of the City of San Diego in a single design , this would be it . " Balboa Theatre , 868 4th Ave. , San Diego ; +1 619570110 BAM Harvey theater  New York The BAM Harvey opened in 1904 as a venue for Shakespearean plays , vaudeville revues and musicals . It was converted into a cinema in 1942 , before dancer Harvey Lichtenstein commissioned architect Hugh Hardy to refurbish the interior so it could operate as a theater again . Today 's structure incorporates the original columns and water-stained ceilings , giving the venue a Greco-Roman feel . "  The 1987 restoration preserved the ornate detail and retained its historical associations , while rebuilding the stage and stripping it out to the bare brick back wall , " says Professor Arnold Aronson at Columbia University 's theater arts program . "  It was one of the most exciting theater renovations of the past three decades . " BAM Harvey theater , 651 Fulton St. , Brooklyn , New York ; +1 7186364100 National Noh Theatre  Tokyo Forget cement and plasterboard -- Japan 's Noh theater was constructed in 1983 from 400-year-old bishu-hinoki cypress trees . It 's open on three sides and the seating spreads out from the stage in a fan shape . Despite the traditional elements there 's plenty of tech -- each seat has a personal subtitling system that can be changed from Japanese to English at the touch of a button . Noh  meaning "  skill " or "  talent "  is a form of traditional Japanese musical drama , and plays often last all day . National Noh Theatre , 4-18-1 , Sendagaya , Shibuya-ku , Tokyo ; +81 3 3423 1331 Salle Richelieu  Paris The Salle Richelieu , also known as the Comdie Franaise , was built in the late 1600s . The grand staircase is lined with busts of important figures from the theater 's past -- the bust of French playwright Corneille is rather worn , due to the belief that touching it will bring good luck . "  It 's the archetypal theater -- a womb-like curve of red plush and gold , " says professor Jan Clarke at the International Federation for Theater Research . "  It 's also a living museum , containing objects , artifacts , paintings and sculptures of huge interest for the history of French theater , including the armchair actor Jean-Baptiste Poquelin used in ` Le Malade Imaginaire ' just hours before his death . " The Salle Richelieu , 8 Rue de Montpensier , Paris ; +33 1 44 58 15 15 Minack Theatre  Cornwall , UK The setting is so stunning at this cliff-edge theater that you might find yourself getting distracted . On the plus side , the roaring waves could be a blessing for those who 've forgotten to turn their phones off . The theater was the brainchild of the late Rowena Cade , who decided to allow her garden to be used by a local theatrical group . In 1932 , Cade , with the help of her gardener , hauled several tons of rock from the beach below and created a more permanent venue , which she opened to the public . Today , there are performances between June and September , though the theater remains open all year round . Minack Theatre , Porthcurno , Penzance , Cornwall , UK ; +441736810694 State Theatre  Sydney Sydney 's State Theatre opened in 1928 . It was designed by Aussie architect Eli White , but his decision to base his masterpiece on the work of American John Eberson resulted in a mishmash of Gothic , Italian and art deco styles . The theater contains the second largest chandelier in the world and a priceless Wurlitzer organ , and is recognized by The National Trust of Australia , which has classified it as "  a building of great historical significance and high architectural quality , the preservation of which is regarded as essential to our heritage . " State Theatre , 49 Market St. , Sydney , Australia ; +61 2 9373 6655 Margravial Opera House  Bayreuth , Germany Built in 1745 , the UNESCO-listed Margravial Opera House is regarded as the finest baroque theater in Europe . The stage has a depth of 27 meters and was the largest in Europe until 1871 . Much of the original materials remain  including vast expanses of painted canvas and wood  , along with original structures , such as the twin staircases that led up to the private box belonging to Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreut and his wife , who commissioned the theater . These staircases were designed so the audience below could observe the couple 's ascension to their seats . Margravial Opera House , Opernstrasse 14 , Bayreuth , Germany ; +49 9 21 7 59 69 22 Teatro Amazonas  Manaus , Brazil There ca n't be many theaters located in the middle of the Amazon rainforest , and the Teatro Amazonas is certainly the most spectacular . The theater was built in the late 19th century during a rubber boom and was designed by Italian architect Celestial Sacardim . Work took 15 years , largely thanks to the decision to source supplies from all over the world : the roof tiles came from Alsace in France , stairs and columns were made of Italian marble and the steel walls came from Glasgow . Beautiful features include 198 chandeliers , which also came from Italy , and the central dome , covered in 36,000 ceramic tiles painted in the colors of Brazil 's national flag . Amazon Theater , Centro , Manaus , Brazil ; +559236221880 Palais Garnier  Paris The Palais Garnier was the most expensive building built in Paris during the second French empire  1852-1870  and was the setting for Gaston Leroux 's novel "  The Phantom of the Opera . " The interior is filled with marble friezes , bronze busts and ornate light fittings -- the most famous of which is a six-ton chandelier . In 1896 , one of the chandelier 's counterweights crashed through the ceiling , killing an audience member -- an incident that inspired a scene in Leroux 's famous play . The Palais Garnier , Paris , France , 8 Rue Scribe , Paris ; +33 1 71 25 24 23 Tampa Theatre  Florida Tampa Theatre is the work of architect John Eberson , who also designed the Paramount Theatre in Austin , Texas . Highlights include a 900-pipe Wurlitzer organ and 99 bulbs embedded in the ceiling to resemble twinkling stars . It was regarded as one of the world 's most elaborate theaters when it was built in 1926 and the interior -- a somewhat garish explosion of flowers and angry gargoyles -- resembles a Mediterranean courtyard . "  The simplistic beauty of the Paramount Theatre confirms that Eberson was a genius at designing vaudeville houses , " remarks Ken Stein at the League of Historic American Theaters . "  But when you see the Tampa with its complexity and elaborate atmospheric design , you realize Eberson was also a mad genius . " Tampa Theatre , 711 N Franklin St. , Tampa , Florida ; +1 8132748981 Teatru Manoel  Valetta , Malta Teatru Manoel is one of Europe 's oldest working theaters -- it was built in 1731 with funds from The Knights of Malta , a Western Christian military order . It remained unscathed during both World Wars , despite serving as a bomb shelter during the second , and many original features remain , including beautiful painted wooden panels and the silver leaf-adorned ceiling . Teatru Manoel , Valletta , Malta ; +35621246389 Mabel Tainter Center for the Arts  Wisconsin If this tiny theater is anything to go by , bigger certainly does n't mean better . Within this building visitors find stained glass windows , fireplaces , lots of brass , walnut and oak and a water-powered pipe organ . "  It was built in 1889 by Harvey Ellis as a memorial to the daughter of Captain and Mrs. Andrew Tainter , " says Ken Stein at the League of Historic American Theaters . "  This jewel box-like theater feels like it could have been inspired by a child 's doll house . " Mabel Tainter Center for the Arts , 205 Main St. E. , Menomonie , Wisconsin ; +1 7152359726 The Elgin and Winter Garden Theater Center  Toronto This is actually two theaters , stacked on top of each other , to create the world 's only operating double-decker theater . The Winter Gardens Theater is seven stories above the Elgin Theater in downtown Toronto . The Elgin has dancing cherubs , elaborately decorated boxes , vast expanses of gold leaf and plaster sculpting covered in wafer-thin sheets of aluminum , while the Winter Gardens has hand-painted walls and a ceiling decorated with dried beech leaves . Elgin and Winter Garden Theater Center , 189 Yonge St. , Toronto ; +1 4163142901	Tokyo 's National Noh Theatre has a subtitling system for each seat that can be changed from Japanese to English Minack Theatre is an open-air stone venue looking out to the Celtic Sea Germany 's largest theater , Tonhalle Dsseldorf , was the world 's biggest planetarium when it opened in 1926
A police officer who fatally shot a 93-year-old woman at her home in Texas is defending his use of deadly force and lashing out at the City Council that fired him . Stephen Stem was dismissed from the Hearne Police Department on Saturday . He argues his termination was unjust . "  The knee-jerk reaction to terminate Mr. Stem was not about whether Ms. Golden chose to create and perpetuate a life-threatening situation . That is a clear and indisputable fact . "  Rather , the city 's decision was about appeasing certain members of the community who want to make this case about Ms. Golden 's age , the fact she is African-American , or the fact she is a woman . "  None of those factors played a role in Stem 's decision to use deadly force , " Robert McCabe , Stem 's attorney , said in a statement Sunday . His comments come as Texas Rangers continue an investigation into why Pearlie Golden , a longtime resident in this small town of about 4,600 people between Dallas and Houston , was shot multiple times at her home Tuesday . A man believed to be a relative of Golden 's made a 911 call asking for help from police , Robertson County District Attorney Coty Siegert said . "  What I understand is  Hearne police  were called out because a woman was brandishing a firearm , " Siegert said . "  An officer asked her to put the handgun down , and when she would not , shots were fired . " Hearne City Attorney Bryan Russ Jr. said Stem told Golden to drop her weapon at least three times . Stem fired three times , and Golden was hit at least twice , he said . She was transported to a hospital , where she died . "  Police not only have a duty to protect themselves from imminent harm , but also innocent citizens who rely on them ` to protect and serve , ' " Stem 's attorney said in his statement . The case eventually will be presented to a grand jury , which is standard procedure when dealing with officer-involved incidents , according to Russ , the city attorney . "  I would expect people to be upset about this , a young police officer shooting a 93-year-old lady , " Russ said . "  I 'm upset about it . Most of our citizens are upset , but at the same time , I do n't believe all the facts have come to the surface yet . "	Police officer Stephen Stem fatally shot Pearlie Golden , 93 , last week He was fired after a City Council vote this weekend His attorney describes Stem 's firing as a "  knee-jerk reaction "
DINGLE , Ireland  CNN  -- Fewer tourists and relatively warm temperatures may be reason enough to put Ireland on your list of winter travel destinations , especially Dingle Peninsula , once ranked by National Geographic Traveler as "  the most beautiful place on Earth . " Winter offers tourists a chance to explore Ireland 's west coast unhindered by bothersome crowds . The peninsula , on Ireland 's west coast , includes the oceanside town of Dingle , which boasts more than 1,000 full-time residents . Winter visitors will avoid the area 's hundreds of thousands of summertime tourists . Boats crowd Dingle 's popular marina , bringing fresh seafood catches of the day . Some of the marina vessels also will ferry visitors to see Fungie , a locally famous dolphin who has lived in the waters outside town since 1984 . See breathtaking photos of Dingle " Outside Dingle , numerous vacation cottages are available to rent , including homes in the village of Dunquin . In winter , rates are drastically cut , and rental period dates may be more flexible . Most shops and restaurants have shorter hours during winter , and traditional music is found in some of the pubs on the weekends . As with most of Ireland , pubs abound , even in the smallest villages . A beer  preferably Guinness  and some hearty pub grub are a perfect way to cap a day of exploring the wintry sights of the peninsula . Because Ireland sits near the warm waters of the Atlantic Gulf Stream , the Emerald Isle has an average temperature of 46 degrees Fahrenheit  7 Celsius  during December , January and February . But pack smart and bring layers of clothing , including warm sweaters and jackets , because winter weather often means rain on Ireland 's western shore .	Dingle , Ireland , called "  most beautiful place on Earth " by National Geographic Escape summer crowds by traveling to Dingle Peninsula during winter months Cottage rentals are cheaper in winter , and periods are more flexible Winter temperatures in western Ireland average 46 degrees F  7 Celsius
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Wearing a plaid green A-line spring skirt from her new fashion line , paired with a black patent leather belt and black leather gladiator sandal stilettos , "  Sex and the City " actress Kristin Davis is the perfect combination of sweet and fierce when we meet up after her fashion show at the Belk department store in Atlanta , Georgia . Kristin Davis surrounded by models and Belk store official Arlene Goldstein . It 's a look that totally says her character , Charlotte , with a little bit of screen pal Carrie . Davis is so much like her character , adorable and upbeat , I expect Carrie or Samantha to drop in on our conversation and say something to shock her . As any true fan knows ... OK ... as every woman knows , watching "  Sex and the City " was like being front row at a fashion show with a plot . TV show and movie costume designer Patricia Field dressed the characters in haute couture as they skipped down the streets of New York City in $ 600 stilettos . But is this reality ? Most sane women would n't choose to walk even one city block in high heels . And most women certainly ca n't spend a month 's rent on a belt or bag , even if they have a truly fabulous party to wear it to . So , what about us , the fashionistas on a budget ? Are we to be ignored , forced to wear boring clothing and practical shoes ? Luckily , no ; designers are catching on . Target features affordable lines from high-end designers like Alexander McQueen and Isaac Mizrahi . All of the pieces in Sarah Jessica Parker 's clothing line Bitten cost less than $ 20 before the clothing store that carried them went under . Davis is the latest celebrity to jump on the clothing label bandwagon , designing a line for Belk department stores . Will she meet the same fate as Parker ? Davis has the following to be successful . Although her character was by far the most conservatively dressed  Carrie strolling through town in just a bra top , anyone ?  , she had the most wearable wardrobe , and Davis became a fashion icon along with the rest of the ladies . Her favorite piece from her line ? "  I ca n't decide , impossible to choose ! " she says . So I choose for her : definitely the gladiator heels . "  It 's important for women to have a strong shoe , " she says . "  Then you can wear anything on top . With a strong shoe on , you 're good to go . " She admits she did n't have a defined style before meeting Field , who bluntly told her that "  Sexy Secretary " was going to be her look . Davis ' philosophy is a good one : Stick with what works . She takes the look that Field defined for her "  Sex and the City " character . Original it 's not , but everything coming down the runway is something the stylish Charlotte York would definitely wear . Davis is in touch with all of us real women out there , saying , "  I do n't want to make clothing that only skinny actresses could wear . " Her solution ? Dresses , shoes and swimsuits worthy of a "  Sex and the City " episode that you do n't need Park Avenue pockets to afford . It 's versatile enough to look good on every body type . "  Everyone has body issues . I really wanted to create pieces that looked good on different kinds of bodies . I had all of my family members trying on the outfits ! " she says with a laugh . Davis wo n't spill any secrets from the scripts of the "  Sex and the City " movie sequel , which comes out in May 2010 , but she admits it 's a "  happy " movie . She does hint that our famous foursome might have to cut back a little on their clothing expenses as art imitates life . And she 's willing to share some fashion tips : How to look like you stepped out of the wardrobe room on the set of the next "  Sex and the City " movie ? Green . "  It 's THE color " she says . And hey , who does n't need to save some green ? It all works out perfectly . I left the meeting with Davis to check out her displays . Then I skipped out into the streets of Atlanta , in a pair of her new gladiator stiletto sandals . That I got on sale , of course .	"  Sex and the City " actress Kristin Davis says women need strong shoes The actress says her new fashion line fits different types of bodies She says "  Sex " movie sequel will have characters spending less Green will be the hot color in the latest movie , Davis says
Two of the four inmates who escaped through the ceiling in the shower of the Caddo County Jail in Anadarko , Oklahoma , this weekend have been captured , Caddo County Sheriff Gene Cain told CNN on Monday . The two men , Dylan Ray Three Irons , 21 , and Prime Brown , 23 , were taken into custody in Chickasha , Oklahoma , the sheriff said , less than 20 miles away from the jail . The men were spotted by Grady County District Attorney investigators as they were walking to a convenience store . Both men "  appeared very wet and dirty , " according to the Grady County Sheriff 's Office . The four inmates made a clean getaway Sunday after prying open a maintenance hatch in their shower -- the first escape from the 2-year-old Caddo County jail , Cain said . They broke a lock on the hatch above the shower head , Cain told CNN affiliate KFOR-TV , and then moved through a crawl space until they reached a wall , where they knocked out concrete block or two . That got them to an unlocked door outside the jail area , Cain explained . They apparently kept their clothes on in the shower . Four orange inmate uniforms were found outside the jail , CNN affiliate KOCO-TV reported . Three of the men -- Three Irons , Brown and Anthony James Mendonca , 24 -- had been convicted of methamphetamine offenses and were awaiting transfer to a state prison . The fourth escapee , 32-year-old Triston Cheadle , was awaiting trial on a federal gun charge , KOCO-TV reported . Cheadle and Mendonca remain at large and are considered armed and dangerous .	Both men captured were "  very wet and dirty , " sheriff says Sheriff : Inmates broke lock above shower to crawl space , then broke through wall It was the first escape from the 2-year-old Caddo County jail Three escapees convicted of meth charges ; fourth awaiting federal gun charge trial
New York  CNN  -- A Malaysian man was charged on Thursday for hacking into the computer network of a U.S. Federal Reserve bank and for stealing more than 400,000 stolen credit card and debit card numbers , according to federal authorities . Lin Mun Poo , 32 , is suspected of accessing financial records at a Federal Reserve Bank in Cleveland , Ohio , by "  exploiting a vulnerability he found within their secure system , " according to a statement by the U.S. Attorney 's Office of the Eastern District of New York . At least 10 Federal Reserve Bank computers were affected by the breach , resulting in thousands of dollars in damage , the statement said . Poo was arrested on October 21 , hours after his arrival in the United States , when Secret Service agents observed him selling stolen credit card numbers for $ 1,000 at a Brooklyn diner , the statement said . Authorities discovered a "  massive quantity " of stolen personal financial data following a forensic examination of Poo 's "  heavily encrypted " laptop computer , the U.S. attorney 's office statement said . Poo had obtained the numbers by hacking into numerous systems , including FedComp , a data processor for federal credit unions , the statement said . "  As today 's technology continues to evolve , cybercriminals use these advances and enhancements to perpetrate an expanding range of crimes , " Secret Service Special Agent Brian Parr said in the statement . The four counts against Poo include access device fraud and aggravated identity theft . If convicted , he could a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison . Poo 's attorney , Kannan Sundaram , could not immediately be reached for comment .	Malaysian man charged with hacking into computer network of a Federal Reserve bank Lin Mun Poo also is suspected of stealing 400,000 credit card and debit card numbers Poo is charged on four counts including access device fraud and aggravated identity theft . If convicted he could a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison .
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The South Korean Navy fired warning shots to ward off North Korean fishing boats that were spotted south of the maritime border between the two countries , the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff said Friday . The North Korean vessels crossed back over the border , known as the Northern Limit Line , following the warning shots , according to the Joint Chiefs of Staff . More : North Korea taunts South candidate with ` Gangnam ' video The South Korean Navy issued two warning messages to the North Korean boats before firing a few dozen shots , the Joint Chiefs of Staff said , adding that the alert level for the navy had been raised . The were no immediate reports on the incident Friday by the North 's official Korean Central News Agency . The two Koreas , which remain technically at war following their conflict in the early 1950s , have periodically clashed at sea over the years , with some waters still in dispute . The land border between the two nations remains heavily militarized . More : North Korea rebuffs aid offer from South Fatal naval skirmishes took place near the inter-Korean maritime border in the Yellow Sea in 1999 , 2002 and 2009 . And in 2010 , Seoul accused Pyongyang of sinking one of its naval vessels near disputed waters off North Korea , killing 46 South Korean sailors . North Korea has repeatedly denied responsibility for causing the sinking . South Korea is a key ally of the United States , with tens of thousands of U.S. troops stationed in the country .	The North Korean fishing boats retreated after the warning , the South says The South Korean Navy issued warning messages before firing Fatal naval clashes have taken place periodically between the two Koreas
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A white van sits at a warehouse loading dock in Boston . Buckled in the front passenger seat is Eeyore , the donkey friend of Winnie the Pooh . "  This is the back seat driver , " says one of several volunteers removing the stuffed animal and other donated children 's items for the local Toys for Tots campaign . The U.S. Marine Corps Reserve program , which began 62 years ago in Los Angeles , California , now gives Christmas presents to underprivileged children in nearly 700 cities and towns across the country . "  We 're filling orders like crazy , " says Kay Carpenter , a volunteer and former Marine . She says that while the local campaign seems to be getting more donations this year , the demand also has risen . "  They go out as fast as they come in . " As large boxes of toys make their way from the loading dock to the warehouse office , volunteers sort the toys by gender and age group and then fill orders they 've received from various charitable organizations in the greater Boston area . "  It 's been tough for everybody with the economic climate the way it is , " says Betty Whalen , a volunteer who works sorting the toys . She points out the empty bins normally used to store the toys . Volunteers wo n't bother putting new donations in the bins , she says , "  because as soon as we sort all of this and start making up orders , it 'll be gone . " Last year the economy made it tough for many people , and Toys for Tots was hit hard as well . The Boston office did not have enough toys to fill its orders until some last-minute donations arrived . For 2009 , Carpenter says , "  We 've run out of some toys , but overall , we 're doing better than last year . " Maj. Allen Porter , who runs the Toys for Tots program in the Dallas-Fort Worth , Texas , area , also sees an increased demand this year . But unlike Boston , donations in his area are down . "  Compared to where we were at last year , " he said , "  we are a little bit below . " Nationally , corporate cash donations are down significantly , about $ 1.5 million below where they were this time last year , according to Bill Grein , senior vice president of marketing for Toys for Tots . "  That 's a lot of presents that we would sure like to have , " he said . Last year , Toys for Tots collected or bought 16.2 million toys , books and gifts , down from 16.6 million the year before , Grein said . Most donations to the campaign are toys , but the organization raised about $ 30 million last year through corporate donations , direct mail , individual contributions and online donations . As an indicator , online donations in November were down 10 to 15 percent from the same time last year , he said . Though the program runs year round , this is the season when larger contributions typically come in . "  Every year we count on getting a few Christmas miracles , " he said , "  So we 're hoping that things will pick up now . " For some children , getting a toy has an effect on them that carries through after Christmas morning , Grein said . "  We think that it 's important for children to be able to go back to school and enter into conversation about what they got for Christmas , " he said . "  It 's a self esteem and self confidence issue that we think is very important . " Back in Boston , volunteers are taking packaged orders down to the loading dock . Mara Voukidys , from Cambridge Cares About AIDS , watches as her van is loaded with toys . She says for the struggling families who will receive these toys , there is a huge impact . "  At least on Christmas they can give their children a Christmas like any child , " she said . "  So it 's been a huge help . "	Bins used to store toy donations remain empty at Boston Toys for Tots warehouse Like many charities , the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve program was hit hard by economy Volunteers say that while donations appear to be up in some areas , demand also has risen Nationally , corporate cash donations are down by about $ 1.5 million over last year
