CNN  -- On the morning of her suicide on July 17 , Zhou Jianrong came into work earlier than usual . No one knew what went through her head in those quiet hours before other workers arrived , but as CCTV footage later revealed , she first took 20 minutes to walk around the empty factory before leaping off the fourth floor window . The 49-year old was found dead shortly before 6 a.m. , marking the end of her 12 years at the GCL Footwear factory . Zhou had just been fired the previous night for participating in a strike that was part of a long-running labor dispute . She was one of more than 100 workers sacked for their involvement . The tragedy of her death overshadows the surge of labor activism in China . Of the more than 1,000 recorded strikes and protests that took place from June 2011 to the end of 2013 , 40 % were amongst factory workers , according to employment watchdog China Labour Bulletin . Unlikely activism In China , unions are sometimes ridiculed by Internet users as a "  laoban gonghui , " meaning they are the "  boss ' union . " Every factory union belongs to the government-controlled All-China Federation of Trade Unions  ACFTU  , a mega-institution with an extensive chain of command . "  The ACFTU is first and foremost aligned to the Communist Party and secondly to the local government . It has never seen itself primarily as a workers ' organization , " says Geoffrey Crothall , a spokesperson for China Labour Bulletin . At GCL Footwear though , the factory union was heavily involved from the very first day of the strike , pushing owners to negotiate with the workers . Most surprisingly , workers directly elected the union vice-chairman , Luo Xiangxun , and according to him , the supervising trade union initially approved of their work . "  In the past , elections of union leaders were controlled by the enterprise ; workers can vote but not nominate . Often times , workers do n't even know about the elections , " says labor academic Wang Jiangsong . "  This case is different . " Such developments are fraught with uncertainties . On June 24 , Luo was busy organizing workers when the supervising union suddenly pronounced his election illegal , detaining him for seven days . After his release , he has continued to lead workers , demanding their reinstatement . "  The fact that we have seen individual trade union officials leading workers is a sign that the union is beginning to move in the right direction , " says Crothall . He observes that the level of local union involvement in this case is unusual but not unique . In early March , trade union chairman of Walmart 's Chengde store in Hebei Province led workers in a fight for fair compensation when the store closed down . And in May , women from the Japanese-owned Sumida factory in Guangzhou successfully formed a democratically elected union after some deliberation . Policy change For now , these might just be isolated cases , but changes are also happening on a policy level . The Shenzhen Trade Union Federation announced in 2012 that it would move enterprise trade unions towards direct elections , beginning with 163 factories . On July 2 , Xinhua reported that the Guangdong Federation of Trade Unions aims to have all enterprise unions become democratically elected within five years . Labor academic Wang Jiangsong thinks its premature to believe these efforts to democratize the unions will lead to real change , but he still sees it as a step in the right direction . "  Good officials do exist in the government-controlled ACFTU and reform will begin with them , " says Wang . "  But most importantly , it is the bottom-up activism that puts pressure on the government to make changes . " Wang explains that most workers have a deep-rooted mistrust of unions . When an issue arises , they often skip over them and organize through their hometown networks or social media instead . The government realizes the old way no longer works and is desperate to change the image of the ACFTU , opening enterprise unions for democratic election . Business interest Activists have called for July 17 , the day Zhou died , to be named "  Chinese Laborers ' Day of Suffering , " but her suicide did not dampen the efforts of the factory workers who have filed for arbitration and are awaiting results . Recent developments are worrying some in the business community . A group of Hong Kong manufacturing and business associations have opposed a proposal by the Guangdong government to give workers the right to demand meetings with employers to negotiate for better benefits . One of the signers of the opposition , The Chinese Manufacturers ' Association of Hong Kong turned down an interview request , but in an editorial for the China Daily , vice-president Eddy Li called the proposal "  disastrous . " He points out that China 's import and export business has weakened in recent years , environmental policy has increased production costs and other labor requirements have already become a heavy burden for employers . Low-end producers However , data released by the National Bureau of Statistics  NBS  on July 27 shows that profits on a whole are rising . David Dollar , senior fellow of Thornton China Center at U.S. think tank Brookings Institution , explains that the growth of production is higher in the medium to high-tech sectors , where higher wages have pressured manufacturers to have productivity gain and move up the value chain -- a healthy structural change for the Chinese economy . However , in the low-end manufacturing sector , such as footwear or garment factories , it is very hard to find productivity gains and some of those sectors are starting to move out of China to Vietnam and Bangladesh . A survey of Pearl River Delta manufacturers by Standard Chartered suggests that while manufacturers prefer to move their business inland than to move it abroad , 13 % will consider leaving China to save costs , most of which the study believes are low-end producers . Towards a domestic consumption economy The government might not see this as a negative change -- China no longer wants to be in the market only for its cheap labor . Premier Li Keqiang has long championed a consumption-led economy . "  China has now reached a point where it needs to rely more on consumption . It 's the largest exporter in the world , so it 's not realistic for it to grow much faster than the world market , " says Dollar . He believes what 's important for China now is reforms that will encourage consumptions . For that to happen , wages have to go up . "  I view it as a positive thing that in recent years , wages have been rising very rapidly . " Who needs who ? The one-child policy has slowed down the growth of the labor force , and more young people are going to university rather than factory work . More than a decade ago , hundreds would line up outside a factory looking for work , but many manufacturers today struggle to find enough workers . With this labor shortage , better working conditions might just be a natural next step , as these days , it is the manufacturers who need workers and not the other way around . But with 260 million migrant workers in the country , this progress might take some time -- a progress that Zhou will not see . "  It 's obvious to me that Madam Zhou did n't fully understand her rights , " says He Yuancheng , a legal adviser to former GCL Footwear workers . "  If she was aware of her options and knew about the upcoming actions , she would not have jumped . " He Yuancheng further speculates that Zhou might have been disheartened that the company fired her in a heartbeat despite her 12 years of service . He believes that would explain the 20 minutes she spent quietly circling the empty factory floor before she ended her life . For the remaining GCL Footwear workers though , He Yuancheng is optimistic . "  Even if we do n't win this arbitration , the workers will have contributed to the reform of the system . "	Labor unions in China are ridiculed for their impotence and are referred to as "  boss ' unions " Bottom-up activism puts pressure on the government to make changes Nearly half of all protests between 2011-2013 were related to factory workers ' rights China can no longer rely on cheap labor -- so what 's next for "  the world 's factory " ?
CNN  -- Few people seem eager to return to the news articles they did n't have time to read during the day , and even fewer are willing to pay for that privilege . So to attract new users , Readability began offering its news-inbox service for free starting Tuesday evening . Previously , people had to pay $ 5 per month to access the tools for saving articles to their accounts and synchronizing them between computers , e-readers , phones and tablets . Readability is in one of several services , which also includes Instapaper and the venture-capital-backed Read It Later , for bookmarking a lengthy article to revisit when in a more leisurely setting . Some people prefer reading on a Kindle or iPad , rather than on a computer or smartphone , and these services typically allow people to customize fonts , strip out ads and other distractions , and read on a device without an Internet connection on , say , a subway ride . In addition to the free Readability service , the New York software developer will also offer an application that runs on the iPhone and iPad . The app should be available in Apple 's App Store , also for free , as early as this week , and people will be able to subscribe through the app , Readability co-founder Richard Ziade said in a phone interview . Readability was spun out of consulting firm Arc90 . It first launched its subscription Web service in February , and after a disagreement with Apple over financial terms , the company said in March that it would eschew the App Store in favor of tools that could be accessed exclusively through a Web browser . Beyond the inbox service , Readability also offers website publishers a button so that users can choose to read on the site without distractions from ads . About 4.4 million articles are accessed through Readability 's system a month , Ziade said . However , Readability 's paid service , which is designed to give most of the revenue to the publishers whose links are being read , has only managed to attract between 2,000 and 10,000 subscribers , he said . "  It 's been quite clubbish , " Ziade said . "  We tell you to get your credit card out after , like , the second click , which is unheard of on the Web . " The free version of Readability will limit users ' inboxes to 30 articles each , and they wo n't be able to access links saved in their archive folders until they pay the $ 5 monthly fee . Sending an inbox full of articles to a Kindle will also require a subscription . A rival , Read It Later , sells its mobile apps for $ 3 . Another called Instapaper , which says it has about a million subscribers , took an alternate route when the one-man startup announced in April that it would stop offering a free version . Founder Marco Arment said then that the free app brought more users but that they were unhappy with the limits imposed on it . As a result , they were publicly tarnishing the app 's reputation with negative reviews . Arment , who has advised Readability in the past , declined to comment for this article . In an interview with CNN in May , he said , "  I think a lot of people are getting a little bit tired of what comes along with being free . " A greater concern for these small software companies is the lion in the room . Starting in the latest Mac operating system called Lion , Apple added a feature called Reading List to its Safari browser allowing users to temporarily save links . The newest iPad and iPhone software then allows users to freely access those same articles and by clicking a button called Reader , removes the ads . Apple 's Reader tool happens to be based on the work at Arc90 that eventually became Readability . Arment has said , in his optimistic view , that the recent developments at Apple could introduce more people to the concept of article inboxes , and when they want more powerful features , maybe they 'll buy Instapaper . However , Ziade sees Apple 's moves as competition , but he said Apple leaves an opening for other apps to flourish because the Safari tools wo n't work on every platform . Readability is soldiering on , and the company will begin allowing developers to build apps that integrate deeply with its service . It is holding a New York event on Thursday to announce a major partnership with Longform.org . "  There 's a real surge of interest in long-form , generally , on the Web , " said Matthew Howard , a director for the New York Review of Books . "  It 's kind of exciting to have these tools coming out that are bringing new readers to this kind of stuff . "	Readability is making its news-inbox free The company will also release free apps for the iPhone and iPad The service , like rivals Instapaper and Read It Later , lets users save articles
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- The European Union 's Internal Markets Commissioner says a planned "  Robin Hood " tax on financial trades is "  only right , " and he would like to see it enforced worldwide . Michel Barnier told CNN 's Richard Quest at the World Economic Forum in Davos that capitalism had "  become a caricature of itself , " and it was "  politically and morally " right that the financial sector should be taxed . "  The financial crisis ... broke the back of growth and after all we helped out the financial sector , it 's perfectly right and fair that it should give something back , " he said . The controversial tax on trading in stocks , bonds and derivatives came a step closer on Tuesday when European Union finance ministers allowed some member states to proceed with the plan , intended to reap billions of euros for struggling European nations . Barnier said the tax was "  perfectly bearable , " and could be "  applied fairly easily in technical terms . " Barnier acknowledged the fact the tax would be limited to Europe was a weakness . "  I would prefer it of course if this tax were a worldwide tax , " he said . "  I would prefer it if the UK and even the U.S. were on board . " He said he wanted to see the rules applying to the financial sector more stringently applied to bring about "  a more moral attitude " in the industry . "  What I challenge is all the sorts of manipulations and toxic products and excessive bonuses that can hardly be justified that we 've come upon over the past few years , " he said . "  We 've seen ... the capitalist system go off the rails ... We 've got to bring it back on track and ensure that financial services ... for the economy and for our regions . "	European Commissioner Michel Barnier has endorsed a planned "  Robin Hood " tax The European tax on financial transactions was morally right , he said He would like to see it extended internationally He said capitalism had become a "  caricature " of itself , and wanted to restore its morality
CNN  -- Second seed Andy Roddick is forced to retire with an ankle injury during the first set of his Queen 's Club semifinal against fellow-American James Blake , meaning he misses out on a final showdown against British top seed Andy Murray . Andy Roddick feels his ankle injury before retiring from his semifinal against fellow-American James Blake . Roddick , who was bidding for a record fifth title at the London grass-court tournament , injured his right ankle when he slipped at the back of the court in the fourth game of the first set . He eventually called for treatment three games later and resumed only after having his ankle and foot heavily bandaged . However , Roddick was clearly still in some discomfort as he served in the next game and decided to take the safety-first option with Wimbledon starting in just nine days . "  I 'm going to do everything I can to play at Wimbledon , " Roddick told Press Association Sport . "  We 're scheduled to get it looked at again on Monday and do some scans on it , then we 'll see where we 're at . "  Initial tests have shown the stability and strength is OK . We 're looking at days , not weeks . My trainer and doctors do n't think anything is torn . " Blake , beaten in the 2006 Queen 's final by Lleyton Hewitt , admitted he did not take much pleasure from this victory . Speaking after the match , Blake said : "  It was unfortunate but Andy is such a great player and he does n't want to endanger the injury anymore . He normally moves so well and you could tell this was n't the same Andy Roddick . " Meanwhile , Murray swept into his first-ever Queen 's final with a ruthless 6-2 6-4 win over unseeded Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero . Murray is bidding to become the first Briton to win the pre-Wimbledon warm-up event since Bunny Austin in 1938 . The world number three has not dropped a set in four matches and , in reaching his fifth ATP Tour final this year , he also becomes the first British finalist here since Tim Henman in 2002 . "  I felt it was a good match . I started well but the second set was very close , " Murray said in a courtside interview after the match . "  I 'm obviously happy to win in two sets . I was very happy with the way I played all round . "  I did n't have the easiest draw so it 's been a good week all around and hopefully I can finish it off on Sunday , " added the Scot . In the other men 's grass-court tournament being played , second seed Novak Djokovic is through to the final in Halle after a 7-6 6-4 victory over Belgian Olivier Rochus . The Serb will now face unseeded German Tommy Haas , who defeated compatriot Philipp Kohlschreiber 2-6 7-6 7-6 in an epic encounter . Meanwhile , in women 's action , Maria Sharapova crashed out in the semifinals of the Birmingham grass-court event , beaten in straight sets by China 's Li Na . Russian Sharapova had been bidding for a third victory in the tournament , after winning in both 2004 and 2005 , but went out 6-4 6-4 in a match lasting 90 minutes . Fourth seed Li , the highest-ranked player left in the competition , will face Magdalena Rybarikova in the final , after the 13th-seeded Slovakian beat Indian Sania Mirza 3-6 6-0 6-3 .	Andy Roddick forced to retire from his Queen 's Club semifinal with ankle injury The injury means fellow-American James Blake will face Andy Murray in final Murray secures his place with a straight sets victory over Juan Carlos Ferrero
CNN  -- "  Borderlands 2 " wants to raise the stakes and improve upon its signature art style and outlandish weapons while broadening the story on the planet of Pandora . At a hands-on demo , a pre-alpha build of the new title showed off two classes of characters -- one new and one familiar . It also demonstrated how the development team at Gearbox Software learned and applied lessons from its first title and subsequent downloadable content releases . The "  Gunzerker " class is all about the weapons -- the more , the merrier . This tank of a character can wield two weapons at once , bringing more firepower to fights and dishing out the pain . The best combinations featured one weapon that could bring rapid fire , but deliver light damage , while wielding another that brought serious hurt , but took its time to fire . Working together , the two different types of weapons created a consistent kill zone for creatures -- no matter how strong or numerous they were . The other class available for play was the "  Siren . " This class was featured in "  Borderlands " and offered phasewalking  turning intangible  as its special talent . This time , Maya the Siren has the ability to trap foes in a force field hovering in midair , making them easy targets for damage . The art style remains the same as in the original , with its familiar hand-painted look and dark outlines . Gearbox producer Randy Varnell said the team wanted to improve what it had done to make the characters look great , then extend that look to the surrounding environment . "  It 's warmer . It 's almost water-colored with those really harsh , dark edges . Just like you would see in a comic book , " Varnell said . "  A lot of it is drawn right on to the texture models themselves . We have a very distinct art style and art guide that all of our artists adhere to . " The action takes place five years after the conclusion of "  Borderlands " and introduces a new villain to the mix , Handsome Jack . Varnell said bringing an antagonist to the plot gave the team more options to make the story personal for the players . "  Why is he mining ? What is he mining in the planet ? Why is that so much more important than finding a Vault  the final object in the first game  ? " he said . "  Having a villain puts a personal face on it . Are you racing him for the treasure ? Are you trying to keep it from him ? " Varnell said giving the players a focus also helps flesh out the game 's characters and what motivates them . The whole idea was to make the story richer and more fulfilling without changing too much of the gameplay that fans enjoyed . Senior producer Sean Reardon echoed those sentiments and said community involvement in the first title and its three downloadable updates was important in figuring out what gamers liked and what worked best . Invoking Einstein and Venn diagrams during the interview , Reardon acknowledged there were problems they had n't foreseen until after the games were made , but they were things that could be corrected for "  Borderlands 2 . " "  In ` Borderlands , '  designers thought  it was just a fact that as a four-player  co-op  game , the vehicle had two seats , " he said . "  You do n't see it as a problem . You think they can use two vehicles and everyone likes to drive . Turns out , it is an elephant  a problem  , and you 've got to fix that . " Little refinements , he hopes , will make the gameplay and the experience even more enjoyable for fans of the franchise as well as new players who are seeing Pandora for the first time . Reardon built his development team out of people who had worked on the series as well as new talent that he felt were the best at what they do . He said it was about having confidence in the people who were putting the game together , trusting them and believing they were smarter than he was about their areas of expertise . "  Get the right people , give them the right mission , get enough resources to do the job , make sure they 're inspired and get out of the way , " he said . More than 200 unique types of creatures will be in the way of players as they work their way through the game quests and other missions . There are also named creatures who will offer additional challenges -- and loot for those who defeat them . Also , mechanical enemies are prominent in the game , in addition to all the natural wildlife you can battle on Pandora . The player characters from "  Borderlands " will also show up in the new game as nonplayer characters , providing backstory and missions for the gamers to complete . Varnell said "  Borderlands 2 " is significantly larger , broader and deeper than its predecessor . Gamers will have to wait until September 18 to find out if this game is more enjoyable than the first .	The art style remains the same , with familiar hand-painted looks and dark outlines The action takes place five years after the conclusion of "  Borderlands " Gamers will have to wait until September 18 to get their hands on "  Borderlands 2 "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan missed her flight back home from a Hawaiian vacation , but she will be back in Los Angeles in time for an important court appearance Wednesday , her spokesman said Tuesday . Los Angeles County Judge Stephanie Sautner ordered Lohan to appear in court so she can determine whether the actress is keeping up with her probation provisions , including the requirement that she work at least 12 days a month at the county morgue . "  Lindsay was delayed in Hawaii due to a travel-related issue , " Lohan spokesman Steve Honig said . "  She will be heading back this evening in time to appear in court tomorrow . " The missed flight , however , forced the cancellation of Lohan 's interview with talk show host Ellen DeGeneres , which was set to be taped Tuesday . "  Lindsay offered to tape ` Ellen ' tomorrow , but the show was unable to shift things around , and tomorrow is their last day of taping for the season , " Honig said . The "  Ellen " interview was to be Lohan 's only planned appearance to promote her just-published Playboy magazine photo spread . There is no indication that Lohan , 25 , will have any difficulty in court Wednesday , compared with many of her numerous appearances in the past two years . Sautner sentenced Lohan to 30 days in jail last month after she admitted that she violated her probation on a necklace theft conviction , but the sheriff sent her home after a few hours because of jail overcrowding . The judge also ordered the actress to work at least 12 days a month at the Los Angeles County morgue until she completes the 53 remaining days on her court-ordered community service . She must also attend 18 psychotherapy sessions . If the actress stays on track , her probation would be eased March 29 , Sautner said . If she does n't keep up with the requirements , she will serve the additional 270 days behind bars , the judge said . "  This is what we really call putting the keys to the jail in the defendant 's hands , " Sautner told Lohan . When Sautner sentenced Lohan to 120 days in jail in May , she ended up serving 35 days of home confinement instead , because of jail overcrowding and state rules that give prisoners credit for good behavior . Prosecutors said Lohan missed 12 of 20 scheduled workdays at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center , part of the court-ordered community service imposed in May when she pleaded guilty to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . Lohan , 25 , was already on probation for two drunken driving convictions from 2007 . She also canceled 14 of 19 scheduled appointments for court-ordered psychotherapy , they said . "  From what I see of you , you need a structure , " Sautner told Lohan last month , instructing her to return to court each month , starting December 14 , to show she is complying with the schedule . Lindsay Lohan 's legal woes , which began four years ago with two drunken driving arrests , have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes , and alcohol and drug test failures . Her probation is scheduled to end within a year unless Lohan breaks any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of violations , including the failed alcohol and drug tests . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Despite missing flight from Hawaii , Lohan will be in court Wednesday , spokesman says Actress cancels interview because of "  a travel-related issue , " spokesman says A judge will decide Wednesday if Lohan is keeping up with probation requirements If she stays on track , Lohan 's probation will be eased in March , judge says
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Tuesday cleared the way for death-row inmate Mumia Abu-Jamal to get a new sentencing hearing for the killing of a Philadelphia police officer 30 years ago . The high court rejected a request from the Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office to overturn the federal appeals court decision declaring the death sentence unconstitutional for Abu-Jamal , a former Black Panther who was convicted in 1982 of gunning down a Philadelphia police officer . Abu-Jamal will be automatically sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole unless Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams seeks another death sentence from a new jury . Williams had no comment Tuesday . His attorneys , who have repeatedly argued that confusing jury instructions and the verdict form given to the jury favored a death sentence instead of life in prison , applauded the court 's ruling . "  At long last , the profoundly troubling prospect of Mr. Abu-Jamal facing an execution that was produced by an unfair and unreliable penalty phase has been eliminated . Like all Americans , Mr. Abu-Jamal was entitled to a proper proceeding that takes into account the many substantial reasons why death was an inappropriate sentence , " John Payton , director of the NAACP Legal Defense & Educational Fund , said in a statement . Abu-Jamal 's case will now return to the Philadelphia County Court of Common Pleas for final sentencing . In April , Abu-Jamal was granted a new sentencing hearing by a federal appeals court , sparking a threat by the prosecutor to appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court . In its 32-page decision , the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals accepted defense arguments that the jury instructions at Abu-Jamal 's original 1982 murder trial were unclear . The court 's decision does not grant Abu-Jamal a new trial and his conviction of murder stands . In January , the Supreme Court tossed out a lower court ruling that nullified the death sentence for Abu-Jamal . The justices ordered a federal appeals court to revisit its earlier ruling granting a new sentencing hearing . The high court last year denied Abu-Jamal 's separate petition for a new trial Abu-Jamal was convicted and sentenced to death for the 1981 killing of Officer Daniel Faulkner . Witnesses testified that Abu-Jamal shot Faulkner in the back and head after the officer pulled his brother over during a late-night traffic stop . Abu-Jamal , once known as Wesley Cook , was wounded in the encounter and later confessed to the killing , according to other testimony . He 's been on death row at a state prison in southwest Pennsylvania , where he 's been an outspoken activist from behind bars -- claiming there were procedural errors during his capital sentencing , and that too few blacks were on the jury . The case has attracted international attention , amid charges of prosecutorial misconduct . Abu-Jamal , a onetime radio reporter and cab driver , has been a divisive figure , with many prominent supporters arguing that racism pervaded his trial . Others counter Abu-Jamal is using his race to try to escape responsibility for his actions . They say he has provoked community unrest for years with his writings and advocacy .	Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of 1982 slaying , sentenced to death Defense says instructions to the jury were confusing , promoted death sentence Supreme Court ruling means a new sentencing hearing for Abu-Jamal Unless DA seeks a new death sentence from a new jury , he 'll serve life without parole
CNN  -- Last week , House Republicans voted to delay the implementation of the individual mandate of the Affordable Care Act , trying to take advantage of President Obama 's announcement that the employer mandate will be delayed for a year . The vote is purely symbolic as there is no chance that the Senate will pass the bill . Striking a populist tone , Republicans argued that individuals should be afforded the same rights as big businesses . The response of the GOP is predictable , as House Republicans have been steadfast in their efforts to block the administration from making progress on any new bills and to cause problems for those that are already on the books . The hope of conservatives like Paul Ryan is that this is just the first step . Karl Rove 's Crossroads also released a video called "  ObamaCareNado , " playing on the television movie phenomenon "  Sharknado , " with the announcer warning that "  Nobody is safe from its wrath . " The video throws in a healthy dose of IRS images , just in case anyone thought that scandal would be soon laid to rest . And on yesterday 's "  Face the Nation " , Speaker John Boehner called Obama 's health care law "  not ready for prime time " and promised further action to seek to block it , saying , "  we 're going to stay at it . " But if House Republicans keep pushing too hard against the Affordable Care Act , they could easily open up more internal fissures , creating a party that is even more fraught with tensions as the presidential election of 2016 comes closer . The strategy of congressional Republicans toward the health care program has evolved . At first , Republicans were relatively unified in their opposition , both during the debate over the passage of the legislation in 2009 and 2010 and in the two years that followed with the early stages of implementation . During that time , almost every Republican consistently challenged the argument that the legislation would improve the overall quality of the nation 's health care system and make it more equitable . Republicans also challenged its constitutional legitimacy . But those arguments started to fade away among Republicans , first when the Supreme Court ruled that the law was constitutional in June 2012 and then when President Obama was re-elected . The internal tensions among Republicans became worse over the past few months as the states needed to make decisions about whether to take an infusion of federal Medicaid funding that was part of the legislation , a key component that would help insure more of the poor . Not only did many red-state Republicans believe this funding would help constituents , but they also heard from doctors and hospitals that depend on Medicaid to survive . When Congress originally passed the bill , most Republican governors had steadfastly insisted that they would not accept the funds . But those objections started to fade away for many in the GOP when the money was actually before them . Many stalwart conservative governors , like Rick Scott in Florida , John Kasich in Ohio , and Jan Brewer in Arizona said they would take the funds despite previous statements . They found themselves in open conflict with their own Republican legislatures over the issue . Those tensions have not all been resolved , but the support of Republican governors for the money changed the political dynamics quite significantly . Now the challenges for the House Republicans who are still opposing the bill are becoming even more difficult -- despite all the press about how the delay in the employer mandate signals huge challenges -- as concrete benefits start to roll out . This was already clear when younger Americans under 26 started to enjoy continued coverage under their parents ' plans , a fact not forgotten in the election when the youth vote swung to Obama once again . Now the challenges are intensifying . The same week that there was all the discussion about the delay of the mandate , and as Republicans were trying to seize advantage from the delay , The New York Times reported more visible signs of what the program may bring . For those who do n't receive benefits through their employers and will purchase benefits through health care exchanges , the cost of insurance will fall by 50 % or more . In New York City an individual could see his or her bill drop from $ 1,000 a month to $ 308 a month . Similar declines have been reported in California and Oregon . Unless something goes terribly wrong for ACA , House Republicans might want to think twice about continuing with their attacks on this program . As ACA gets further away from the period when the program was most vulnerable , and as the administration is getting closer to the period when the benefits start rolling out , more constituents -- in red and blue states -- will cast a skeptical eye toward any legislator who tries to take away their benefits . Speaker John Boehner , already struggling as House Republicans make decisions on immigration that could have detrimental effects on the political standing of the party , might want to move on to different issues . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	House Republicans voted to delay Affordable Care Act 's individual health care mandate Julian Zelizer : GOP risks fissures as Obamacare benefits become clear to Americans He says GOP governors are at odds with legislators over aspects of the law Zelizer : Uncompromising stance on health care is bad strategy for GOP
CNN  -- As the trial for two American journalists began Thursday in North Korea , a former Japanese journalist has recounted his experience while he was imprisoned in the country for about two years . "  When I was first arrested , I thought my life had ended . I was wondering how I would be killed , by public execution , by poisoning ? " Takashi Sugishima told CNN in a recent interview . International press freedom group Reporters Without Borders says the two American journalists , Laura Ling and Euna Lee , are the first foreign journalists since Sugishima to be held for any length of time in North Korea . While on his fifth visit to North Korea , Sugishima -- an economic researcher and a retired reporter for Japan 's Nihon Keizai financial daily , according to the Los Angeles Times -- was seized and imprisoned in December 1999 . He had been part of a delegation visiting Pyongyang , according to the Los Angeles Times . Authorities accused him of spying for Japan and South Korea , charges both nations denied , according to the newspaper . Sugishima also denies the allegation , and said he never faced trial for the charge . He said he was fearful while in prison . "  They -LSB- prison guards -RSB- would smile at me , but they could change their attitude the next second without any guilt . I tried to be as friendly as possible , but I never knew when they might decide to kill me , " Sugishima said . Thinking he would be forced to spy for Pyongyang , he said he tried to hang himself , but an old sink broke his fall , saving him . Sugishima related his harrowing two years in prison to what Ling and Lee are possibly experiencing . "  They 're likely being asked why they were there , what they filmed , what kind of report they 're trying to make , " he said . Sugishima was released in February 2002 . Authorities told him it was because of pleading from Japan and his family , but at least one North Korea analyst , Shigemura Toshimitsu , said Sugishima was used as a bargaining chip to influence relations with Japan . He said he believes Pyongyang is using the same tactic with Ling and Lee to try and negotiate with Washington . Ling and Lee are reporters for California-based Current TV , the media venture of former U.S. Vice President Al Gore . The two were reporting on the plight of North Korean defectors living along the China-North Korea border when they were taken into custody March 17 . Their trial began Thursday , according to U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly , who cited media reports . He said the department was informed by the Swedish ambassador to North Korea that no observers are allowed in the courtroom . Analysts have said the trial could be short . The women could face years in labor camps if convicted . North Korea said the reporters had entered the country illegally . The women were accused of "  hostile acts " and charged with spying . Contact with the women has been limited . The Swedish ambassador to North Korea was allowed to see the two journalists Monday , according to the U.S. State Department . Sweden represents the United States in North Korea because the two countries , which fought on opposite sides during the three-year Korean war in the 1950s , do not have diplomatic relations . The ambassador also met separately with the two journalists March 30 and May 15 . Despite the limited communication , the families say they 've heard enough to know the women are "  terrified " and "  extremely scared . " "  While I am trying to remain hopeful , each day becomes harder and harder to bear , " Ling wrote in the letter that her husband , Iain Clayton , read on "  Larry King Live . " "  I am so lonely and scared . " Ling 's sister , CNN special correspondent Lisa Ling , made a direct on-air appeal to North Korea in an effort to win the release of her sister and Lee . "  We do n't know the details of what happened on March 17th , but if at any point the girls went into North Korea , then we apologize on their behalf , " Ling said . "  They never intended to do so . " CNN 's Morgan Neill contributed to this report .	"  When I was first arrested , I thought my life had ended , " Takashi Sugishima says On fifth visit to country in 1999 , retired reporter imprisoned , accused of spying Sugishima denies allegation , says he never faced trial for the charge He says he thinks two Americans now held may be used as bargaining chips
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- George Lucas did n't get to be a billionaire by delegating . George Lucas says he was "  completely surprised " by "  Star Wars in Concert . " Holding fast to his vision -- and his marketing rights -- for the "  Star Wars " empire has made it the biggest franchise in history , and made Lucas one of the most powerful people in entertainment . But while he 's enthusiastic about the new touring show "  Star Wars In Concert , " it was n't his idea , and when I talked with him before the first Los Angeles performance this week , he kept giving the credit to others . "  Star Wars In Concert " is built around John Williams ' well-known scores from the films , performed by a symphony orchestra and choir , and accompanied by specially edited clips from all six movies , displayed on a mammoth LED screen . Watch Lucas rave about the show " Anthony Daniels , who has played and voiced the golden protocol droid "  C3PO " in every film and most of the spinoffs , provides live narration -- and another reason for the "  Star Wars " fans in the audience , especially those waving lightsabers and dressed as everything from sand people to Imperial stormtroopers , to cheer mightily , as they did the night I interviewed Lucas . iReporter praises the ` Force ' of the show George Lucas : I 've seen some presentations of , you know , live orchestras with "  Star Wars " clips , and that sort of thing . But this is so much more than that -- it 's so much more emotional , because what they 've done is taken the emotional content of the score ... one is obviously the Imperial March , one is obviously romantic ... and then they 've cut all the pictures around that from all the movies , so that you get this really wide range of visuals going with the music , and it really is quite powerful when you see the depictions of all of the various Imperial shenanigans that were going on over the Imperial March . CNN : Obviously , when John Williams did the music for the original film , neither of you could have guessed your association would last so long , or that you 'd be so identified with each other . How did he get involved originally ? Lucas : What I did was , I was doing this space opera , and I was talking to Steve Spielberg and I said , "  Look , I 've got to get somebody who really knows the old-fashioned music score , I really am doing some giant romantic action adventure , you know , throwback to the '30s , and who do you know that can do that ? " And he said , "  Oh , there 's only one person who can do that and that 's John Williams -- he did ` Jaws ' and he 's perfect . " And I said OK , and I met him , and we hit it off , you know , perfectly , and doing the first film was such a great experience -- he 's so wonderful to work with -- that , you know , I 'll never let him go . And Steve wo n't let him go either ! CNN : How did this show come together ? Lucas : Howard ! -LSB- Lucas calls over Howard Roffman , the president of Lucas Licensing . -RSB- You 're the man who did the whole thing -- I 've got nothing to do with it . ... We would kid him about how his concert was going and he had to get Johnny -LSB- Williams -RSB- to buy in and me to buy in . Howard Roffman : Well , he always got it from the beginning , so he was an easy sell . CNN : But what was it he "  got " ? How did you sell him on a new concept for his franchise ? Roffman : I think he understood that the music was so powerful and the images are so powerful that when you put that together with a live orchestra on a big venue , I mean , who would not be thrilled to see that ? CNN : It 's a very different experience , being live . Lucas : It 's very powerful . I was completely surprised by it . And I 've seen other live orchestra performances with "  Star Wars " images , but nothing like this -- I mean this really works , because it was edited specifically to bring out the emotion .	"  Star Wars in Concert ' features John Williams ' music and scenes from films George Lucas supported idea , though he 's quick to give credit to others Effect of the arrangement ? "  It 's very powerful , " says Lucas "  Star Wars " remains a tremendously successful franchise
Time 's almost up . Monday is the deadline tor residents of most states to sign up for Obamacare if they want coverage starting January 1 . And that 's a big deal -- for two reasons : Most Americans will be required to have some kind of health insurance in 2014 or face a fine . There 's also a lot riding on this politically . Monday will be a key test of President Barack Obama 's attempt to overhaul the country 's health insurance system . Here 's what you need to know about the Affordable Health Care Act coverage and Monday 's deadline . 1  I 'm confused . Have n't the enrollment deadlines moved around ? There 's been a lot of confusion about the deadlines , and for good reason . Federal and state governments , as well as insurers , keep changing the dates , mainly to accommodate those blocked from completing enrollment due to technical problems . Each consumer faces two deadlines : one by which to choose a plan , and another for making a payment . If you live in one of the 36 states serviced by the federal enrollment website , HealthCare.gov , your best bet for getting hassle-free coverage in 2014 is to select a policy by end of the day Monday and pay your first month 's premium by January 10 . 2  Do I have to have coverage beginning January 1 ? Not really . The deadline to enroll in coverage to avoid a fine is March 31 . That 's the date that the program 's open enrollment period officially ends . It wo n't reopen until October 15 . 3  So why should I worry about the January 1 date ? If you 're without health coverage now , or your plan ends December 31 , you may want to get covered as soon as possible . You want to leave enough time for insurance companies to process your application . And given all the shifting dates , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius says consumers will have to be extra diligent . "  We advise consumers to call their insurance company to make sure that their payment has been received and that they are indeed enrolled , " she said in mid-December . 4  Are the technical problems that plagued the site fixed ? The HealthCare.gov enrollment website got off to a chaotic start , with many users unable to enroll for days due to technical problems . "  We screwed it up , " Obama conceded Friday . But the Obama administration said the issues should be resolved . Americans are enrolling on HealthCare.gov at a pace of around 25,000 per day so far in December . And with few major website outages , it appears the website 's worst technical problems may be in the past . 5  Will HealthCare.gov be able to handle a wave of new customers Monday ? HealthCare.gov was down for several hours before the president 's remarks . So it remains to be seen if a last-minute surge in enrollments will have an impact . Federal officials recently said that anyone who tries to sign up but encounters a problem with the website can qualify for a special enrollment period and gain coverage as soon as possible . 6  Who does n't have to get health insurance ? Some Americans , such as those who ca n't afford it , will be exempt from the health insurance mandate , according to the Congressional Budget Office . For example , people who make so little they do n't have to file a tax return are exempt . People who are in this country without authorization are exempted , as are members of a federally recognized American Indian tribe who are eligible for services through an American Indian health care provider . People with certain religious beliefs that conflict with acceptance of the benefits of private or public insurance are also exempt . 7  Are the rules different in state-based exchanges ? If you are applying in one of the 14 states running its own exchange , you may have a different set of deadlines . Rhode Islanders , for example , have until December 31 to pick a plan with coverage starting the next day . But they have to pay their first premium by January 6 and wo n't receive an ID card until they do . In Washington , residents who try to apply by Monday but run into problems have until January 15 to pick and pay for a plan . Coverage will be retroactive to January 1 . California is giving residents until January 6 to pay , and Connecticut until January 10 . In other words , if you 're looking at a state-based exchange , it 's best to check with the exchange directly . 8  Are state-based exchanges seeing a similar surge ? Enrollments there have been mixed . Covered California , one of the country 's largest exchanges , has seen the highest numbers by far , with more than 100,000 people enrolled in private plans as of November 30 . At his Friday news conference , Obama pointed to the state as a success story . Yet in neighboring Oregon , the enrollment total at the end of November was just 44 people -- despite aggressive ad campaigns . While some states are reporting increased interest in advance of Monday 's enrollment deadline , the full effects of the increase wo n't be understood until after January 1 . 9  What will Washington be looking at ? The more people enroll , the easier it will be to help Senate Democrats keep seats in 2014 . And , of course , a booming enrollment would also improve Obama 's legacy overall . 10  What do Americans think about Obamacare now ? Support for the Affordable Care Act has dropped to a record low , according to a new CNN/ORC International poll released Monday . Only 35 % of those questioned said they support Obamacare -- a 5-point drop in less than a month . And 62 % percent say they oppose the law , up 4 points from November . The poll also suggests most Americans predict the health care law will actually result in higher prices for their own medical care . But while 43 % said they oppose Obamacare because it is too liberal , another 15 % said they oppose the law because it is not liberal enough . 11  When will we know whether the enrollment campaign has been a success ? We wo n't know how many people enrolled in December until HHS releases its enrollment report sometime in mid-January . At that point , the numbers will reflect three full months of enrollment -- the midpoint of the open enrollment period .	CNN/ORC poll : Support for Obamacare has dropped to a record low Most Americans must have some kind of health insurance in 2014 or will face a fine "  We screwed it up , " Obama says of the HealthCare.gov website launch The Obama administration says most of the technical issues should have been resolved
CNN  -- Bad weather forced NASA to delay the launch of Space Shuttle Discovery by at least a day Thursday . Mission managers will meet Friday at 5 a.m. ET to re-evaluate weather conditions , NASA said . It was the latest in a series of delays for the 39th and final voyage for Discovery , the agency 's oldest shuttle . Discovery 's six crew members were scheduled to deliver a pressurized logistics module that will help provide more storage to the space station . "  We 've gotten into a configuration now on the space station where we have a lot of stuff and we do n't have a lot of space to put it in , " said Royce Renfrew , lead space station flight director for the mission . The latest launch attempt had been set for Thursday afternoon . Before that , it was expected to blast off Monday , but Discovery was delayed to repair helium and nitrogen leaks in its system . A planned Tuesday liftoff was canceled so engineers could fix a glitch to a backup system that controls a main engine . With 38 voyages to date , Discovery has flown more missions than any other orbiter in the fleet . It also made history along the way , NASA said . Discovery flew the first female shuttle pilot , the first African-American spacewalker and the first sitting member of Congress to go to space . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	The shuttle was set to blast off on Thursday afternoon Discovery has flown more missions than any other shuttle It flew the first female shuttle pilot and the first African-American spacewalker
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson died because Dr. Conrad Murray failed to notice that his patient had stopped breathing while he was hooked up to an IV drip of the surgical anesthetic propofol , an expert anesthesiologist testified Thursday . Dr. Steven Shafer , probably the last witness before the prosecution rests in Dr. Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial , said Murray should have realized Jackson had stopped breathing about 11:45 a.m. on June 25 , 2009 . "  When you 're there , you see it , you know it , " Shafer said . Phone records and testimony showed that Murray was on the phone with one of his clinics , a patient , and then a girlfriend about the time that Shafer calculated the oxygen in Jackson 's lungs became depleted , causing his heart to stop beating . "  Had Conrad Murray been with Michael Jackson during this period of time , he would have seen the slowed breathing and the compromise in the flow of air into Michael Jackson 's lungs , and he could have easily turned off the propofol infusion , " Shafer said . Murray could have then easily cleared Jackson 's airways and restored his breathing by lifting his chin , he said . Earlier testimony from paramedics and emergency room doctors said Jackson was clinically dead by the time an ambulance arrived at the pop icon 's Los Angeles home nearly a half-hour after Murray realized there was a problem . The last three prosecution experts , all medical experts , focused the Murray trial on the science surrounding Jackson 's death , a contrast to earlier testimony from Murray 's girlfriends and Jackson employees . After the defense cross-examination of Shafer on Friday afternoon , Murray 's lawyers will start calling witnesses , including their own anesthesiology expert . Shafer demonstrated for the jury how he believed Murray set up the propofol infusion by hanging a 100-milliliter vial from a stand with tubing attached that would have led to a catheter port in Jackson 's left leg . "  This is the only scenario that I could generate " that would produce the high level of propofol found Jackson 's blood during his autopsy , Shafer said . "  This fits all of the data in this case , and I am not aware of any data that is consistent , " he said . Shafer examined and ruled out other scenarios , including Jackson injecting himself with propofol or Murray administering a fatal dose with a syringe . Computer model projections could not identify a scenario that would duplicate the high blood levels found , he said . Although Murray told police he used an IV drip to give Jackson propofol on previous nights , the defense contends that he did not use it the day Jackson died . Instead , they say , Murray put Jackson to sleep about 10:40 a.m. with a single injection . Sometime after that , Jackson woke and used a syringe to inject himself , the defense contends , Shafer said the theory makes no sense . "  People just do n't wake up hell bent to grab the next dose in a syringe , draw it up and shove it in their IV again , " Shafer said . "  It 's just a crazy scenario . " The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's death was caused by a combination of sedatives with the propofol , which Murray admitted in a police interview that he used to help Jackson sleep . The defense contends that Jackson swallowed eight lorazepam tablets , a claim based on testing of lorazepam levels in Jackson 's stomach contents . Shafer discredited the defense lab tests , saying a new test showed the equivalent of only "  1/43rd of a tablet " of the sedative in the stomach . The level of lorazepam in Jackson 's blood was far higher than what would be expected based on the dosages Dr. Murray told detectives he gave Jackson in the hours before his death , Shafer said . Murray said he gave Jackson a total of 4 milligrams of lorazepam in two separate doses starting 10 hours before his death . Toxicology results indicated that Jackson was given 40 milligrams -- not four -- in a series of 10 doses , he said . Although the defense recently abandoned the theory that Jackson may have swallowed propofol , the prosecution still worked to use its old theory to discredit Dr. Paul White , the anesthesiologist who will testify soon for the defense . A report prepared by White in March concluded that oral ingestion of propofol could have killed Jackson , but Shafer testified that it ignores the "  first pass effect " that is taught to first-year medical students . The liver is a "  powerful mechanism " for filtering propofol from the digestive tract so that only a very small percentage can reach the blood , Shafer said . Shafer cited several studies on rats , mice , piglets , dogs , monkeys and humans that he said proves swallowing propofol would have no effect . "  There was no sedation at anytime following oral consumption of propofol , " Shafer said , describing the results of research he commissioned on university students in Chile over the summer . The human study was done not only to prepare for the Jackson trial , Shafer said , but also to counter an effort by the Drug Enforcement Agency to consider tighter restrictions on propofol . The drug is not currently a controlled substance , but publicity over the theory that Jackson 's death might have been caused by oral ingestion prompted federal regulators to considered a new requirement that "  it to be handled almost like morphine , " he said . "  Patients will be hurt if it is restricted , " he said . "  Anesthesiologists have to have ready access . " The new study assures that if the drug is abused , it would be done only with the intravenous route , which only health care providers have , he said . Shafer testified Wednesday that Jackson would be alive now but for 17 "  egregious deviations " by Murray from the standard of care required of physicians . Murray 's use of propofol almost every night for two months to help Jackson sleep was so unusual , there is no documentation on the dangers , Shafer said . "  We are in pharmacological never-neverland here , " Shafer said , "  something that 's only been done to Michael Jackson . " The trial , in its fourth week , is expected to conclude with the start of jury deliberations near the end of next week .	NEW : A doctor demonstrates IV drips he believes killed Michael Jackson NEW : Murray could 've saved Jackson if he was watching him , prosecution expert says "  It 's just a crazy scenario , " doctor says of defense theory Jackson gave himself propofol Murray 's lawyers should start their defense Friday
CNN  -- Carly and her mom are friends on Facebook , but that does n't mean they share everything . The 17-year-old from Marin County , California , has refined her Facebook privacy settings so that her mother ca n't see all the posts that fill her Timeline . Her father , meanwhile , never checks the social network . "  Right now , my mom can only see things that I post . She ca n't see anything I 'm tagged in or anything that my friends say to me on my profile , " said Carly , a high school senior who asked to be identified only by her first name . "  She does n't know that , though . I 'm like , 80 % sure that every other teenager has done that too . " With teen-agers and their parents  grandparents , even  increasingly active on social networks , both generations are joined in a delicate dance over privacy , safety and freedom of expression online . Interviews with a handful of teens and adults suggest that some teens seek out corners of social media where they can communicate with their friends and peers away from the watchful eye , or embarrassing comments , of their parents . Parents , meanwhile , are grappling with how to monitor their kids ' online activity and keep them safe without being stifling or intrusive . And both are seeking ways to coexist peacefully on the few social networks they do share . Reputation is everything Today 's teenagers are social media natives . They 've grown up putting their personal information online and are comfortable sharing photos and videos of themselves , updating relationship statuses and checking into locations . What they do n't share their parents ' level of concern about privacy and worries about companies or the government abusing their data . According to a recent study by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , only 9 % of teens reported being "  very concerned " about third parties accessing their data . That does n't mean they 're reckless with their personal information , according to Pew research . Most teens exert careful control over what information is seen by whom , but more because they are acutely aware of how each nugget of posted information , even the number of likes it can get , shapes how they are perceived by peers . Pew found that teens have developed a variety of ways to control their privacy . They are comfortable navigating Facebook 's notoriously complicated privacy settings , and only 14 % have public-facing Facebook profiles . They also edit what appears on their profile , deleting posts , comments and unwanted tags . For teens looking to hide social-media activity from adults , elaborate privacy settings can sometimes be unnecessary . Fifty-eight percent of teens said they posted updates that were inside jokes or coded messages that only certain friends would understand . Seeking out new online homes Many teens are learning how to compartmentalize the different parts of their lives online . Facebook is the most popular site for both teens and parents , according to Pew , but teens reported "  waning enthusiasm " in the site in Pew focus groups . They cited the colonization of the site by adults and excessive amounts of "  drama . " Some teens use Facebook for public posts but message each other on lesser-known social platforms that their parents are n't aware of or have n't signed up for . Many teens are also on Twitter , Instagram , Tumblr , Vine and Pinterest -- sites where they report feeling less social pressure and more freedom to express themselves . Twitter has seen rapid growth among young users , while Vine , with its looping six-second videos , is a creative form of messaging for a visually oriented generation . Even straight-laced LinkedIn is courting teenagers . Earlier this month the social media site for professionals lowered its minimum age to 14 from 18 and announced special new pages for universities , hoping to edge into the college-selection process . If teenagers really do n't want something to be seen , they 'll retreat to more private messaging tools such as Kik , WhatsApp or Snapchat , which can be used to send private messages to groups of friends . SnapChat is a mobile app which lets users share photos or videos that disappear after a few seconds . For that reason , it 's gained a reputation for promoting the exchange of risqu  images . "  On Snapchat ... anything goes ! " said Carly , the Bay Area teen . "  Snapchat gets a little crazier because it 's supposed to be ` erased ' after 10 seconds or less . Not sure if that 's actually true , but there 's definitely a different sense of security with Snapchat than Facebook or Instagram . " Making peace with parents Some kids and parents say they have worked out ways to share social networks harmoniously . According to the recent Pew study , only 5 % of teens reported setting up filters for their parents , and the majority  70 %  are friends with their parents on Facebook . Julie LaRue and her 16-year-old daughter are both mainly on Facebook , but the two have agreed on some boundaries . "  Her ground rule for me is to not comment on her friends ' comments unless they are directed to me , and not to tag her in photos without her consent , " said LaRue , who lives in Baldwinsville , New York . LaRue also stays off of her daughter 's other social networks , including Tumblr , Twitter and DeviantArt . In exchange , her daughter is heeding her warnings against sharing personal information online and has promised not to post any photos she would n't be comfortable showing her parents . Along the same lines , Carly 's mom will tag her daughter in photos and like her posts , but she does n't comment much because she knows it 's embarrassing to her daughter . Carly , for her part , tries to keep it clean . "  I really try to not have any pictures of me from any parties or any captions/comments with swear words ... but it 's hard to be 100 % clean when your entire life is online , " she said .	Teens and their parents are grappling with how to navigate shared online spaces like Facebook Facebook is the most popular site among the 81 % of teens and 72 % of U.S. adults on social media Some teens seek out corners of social media where they can chat more privately with friends Parents are grappling with how to keep kids safe online without being intrusive
CNN  -- The small fruit has the color of a cranberry , the shape of an almond and tastes like a flavorless gummy . The "  miracle fruit " makes acidic foods , such as lemons and grapefruits , sweet and candy-like . But after chewing the fruit and rubbing the pulp against the tongue , the berry , known by a promising name -- "  miracle fruit " or Synsepalum dulcificum -- releases a sweetening potency that alters the taste buds . For about 15 to 30 minutes , everything sour is sweet . Lemons lose their zing and taste like candy . Oranges become sickeningly sweet . Hot sauce that usually burns the tongue tastes like honey barbecue sauce that scorches as it trickles down the throat . Through word of mouth , these miracle fruits have inspired "  taste tripping " parties , where foodies and curious eaters pay $ 10 to $ 35 to try the berries , which are native to West Africa . About five months ago , a Miami , Florida , hospital began studying whether the fruit 's sweetening effects can restore the appetite of cancer patients whose chemotherapy treatments have left them with dulled taste buds . "  What happens in patients is the food tastes so metallic and bland , it becomes repulsive , " said Dr. Mike Cusnir , a lead researcher on the project and oncologist at Mount Sinai Medical Center . "  Most of the patients undergoing chemotherapy have weight loss . Then they cut further into their diet and then this furthers the weight loss . It causes malnutrition , decreased function of the body and electrolyte imbalance . " Watch a flavor tripping demonstration and the interview with Cusnir . " One of Cusnir 's patients , Don Blechman , told him about the fruit after discovering it while he and his wife volunteered at a tropical fruit garden in Coral Gables , Florida . "  We did n't need it , but we thought it 's wonderful and told a lot of people , " said his wife , Terry Blechman . "  If you ca n't eat because everything tastes bitter , and one berry gives you back your taste for a meal , what is it worth ? It 's worth everything . " Cusnir filed for an investigational new drug application , which is required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to use an unapproved product in a new patient population . His study seeks 40 cancer patients . "  The majority have given good feedback that it did improve taste , " Cusnir said . "  A few patients felt there was n't much change . The feedback is mixed as it usually is in any situation . It 's been encouraging , but we have n't analyzed the data so far . " If the results show promise of helping cancer patients to maintain a healthy body weight and appetite , there will be bigger studies , Cusnir said . The process is expected to take several years . "  If this does n't work , we move on and spend resources on something else instead , " he said . It 's not only cancer patients and foodies turning to the miracle fruit . Carmen Duporte , a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , resident , integrated the miracle fruit into her routine drinks of aloe vera juice . Duporte drinks the juice to cleanse her digestive system , but hates its thick and long-lasting taste . "  It 's really bitter , " she said . "  If I do n't take -LSB- the miracle fruit -RSB- , I 'd be having that taste for a long time . When I drink it with the fruit , there 's no taste in my mouth . " Duporte told her friends about the berries , because "  it 's such a friendly fruit . " Through word of mouth , the miracle fruit has picked up buzz . "  This new resurgence of interest is fascinating , " said Linda Bartoshuk , a professor at the University of Florida 's Center for Smell and Taste . "  It popped on the scene and people are having fun with it . It motivated us to go back and do research . " Bartoshuk seeks to better understand how the berry works . In the 1970s , she studied the fruit while working for the U.S. Navy and Army labs . The miracle fruit contains a natural protein , called miraculin , which has sugar molecules that bind to the tongue , she said . When acid enters the mouth , the sugar molecules press into the sweet receptors . Some of her colleagues are looking into how the berries could help people with diabetes and obesity , because they sweeten the taste of food . Unlike sugar , the miracle fruit has very few calories and unlike artificial sweeteners , the berries are natural . Bartoshuk said she has n't seen any reports of dangers from eating the berries , but warned against premature health benefit claims . "  Everyone 's immediate response is it 's an artificial sweetener , it 'll help you lose weight , " she said . "  But the bad side is artificial sweeteners do n't help you lose weight . Any real claims for health benefits are going to have to be supported by good research . " After the FDA in 1974 declared that miraculin was a food additive , the miracle fruit grew in obscurity in South Florida and remained a local treat . Individual farmers , like Curtis Mozie , a retired post office employee , raised the berries and began shipping them to customers who found him on the Internet . "  I felt like everyone else needs to be aware of this fruit , " said Mozie of Fort Lauderdale . "  Why was it kept hush-hush ? I wanted people to enjoy the fruit and enjoy the experience and any edible item that does n't taste good with the help of the miracle fruit . " Curiosity about the fruit began to circulate among exotic fruit seekers . After a few media reports , other small farms cropped up and companies started selling the miracle fruit and tablets . "  No offense meant to people who want to pay money to eat miracle fruit and weird things . We used to do that every Friday , " said Richard Campbell , who oversees the tropical fruits at the Fairchild Tropical Fruit Garden . "  We grew up with miracle fruit . People came over , ate miracle fruit and sat around eating limes . I feel stupid I did n't think of charging anyone . "	Miracle fruit launches "  taste tripping " parties where foodies eat lemon , hot sauce Researchers at University of Florida are exploring chemistry behind fruit Miami hospital studies whether cancer patients can restore taste with berries
Washington  CNN  -- The perjury trial of ex-baseball all-star Roger Clemens ended in a mistrial Thursday after jurors heard statements in a prosecution video that the judge had ruled inadmissible until later in the case . U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton said prosecutors should have modified a video that showed a congressman talking about a deposition from the wife of Clemens ' old teammate , former New York Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte , during a 2008 congressional hearing . Walton had decided earlier that prosecutors could n't include references to Laura Pettitte 's testimony unless it was brought up on rebuttal . "  I ca n't in good faith leave this case in a situation where a man 's liberty is at risk when the government should have taken steps to ensure that we were not in this situation , " Walton said after Clemens ' lawyers asked for a mistrial . "  I do n't see how I can unring the bell . " The decision came on the second day of testimony in the trial . Walton set a September 2 hearing on whether to retry the case . Clemens left the courthouse without comment after the ruling , telling reporters , "  I 'd appreciate it if y' all would let me walk home now . " Clemens , nicknamed "  Rocket , " is accused of perjury , obstruction of Congress and making false statements about his alleged use of steroids and human growth hormone . During an appearance before a House committee in 2008 , he testified that he never used illegal performance-enhancing substances during his career -- a statement prosecutors say is contradicted by witnesses and physical evidence . He faced a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison and a $ 1.5 million fine on the counts against him . Clemens was one of the most feared pitchers in all of baseball during 24 seasons playing for the Boston Red Sox , Toronto Blue Jays , Houston Astros and New York Yankees . He retired in 2007 with 4,672 strikeouts , seven Cy Young awards and two World Series titles . But that December , he was among the players named in an investigative report by former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell on the use of performance-enhancing drugs . The following February , he told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee that steroid use was "  totally incompatible with who I am and what I stand for . " "  I can not in good conscience admit to doing something that I did not do , even if it would be easier to do so , " he told the committee under oath . But in Wednesday 's opening statements , Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven Durham said prosecutors have needles and used cotton swabs that hold the former player 's DNA , as well as residue from anabolic steroids . Those items came from Brian McNamee , a former strength and conditioning coach who claims to have injected Clemens with steroids and human growth hormone . Prosecutors said McNamee held on to the physical evidence for one simple reason : "  He never completely trusted this man , " Durham said . But Clemens ' lawyer , Rusty Hardin , told jurors McNamee has no credibility . "  Brian McNamee is a liar . He was a liar before this started . He 's still lying to the government , " Hardin said .	NEW : "  I 'd appreciate it if y' all would let me walk home now , " Clemens tells reporters References to previous testimony by an ex-teammate 's wife had been barred Video played for the jury included comments about that testimony "  I do n't see how I can unring the bell , " judge says
London , England  CNN  -- A trial against six environmental activists accused of conspiring to shut down a power station in the UK has collapsed amid questions over the role of an undercover police officer in infiltrating the group . The six were among 114 people originally arrested in a police raid at a school in Nottingham , central England , in April 2009 . The protesters planned to trespass and shut down a coal-fired power station at Ratcliffe-on-Soar , Nottingham Crown Court heard . Twenty protesters received suspended sentences and conditional discharges earlier this month after they were convicted of conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass at the power station . But a spokesperson for the Crown Prosecution Service said in a statement that information which had "  significantly undermined the prosecution 's case " against the six had come to light on January 5 . "  In light of this information , the Crown Prosecution Service reviewed the case and decided there was no longer sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction . We offered no evidence at a hearing this morning , thereby discontinuing the case . " Defense lawyer Mike Schwarz said he believed the prosecution 's actions were influenced by defense plans to disclose material relating to the discovery that one of those arrested in the raid had been undercover police officer called Mark Kennedy , known to the protesters as Mark Stone . "  My clients were not guilty . They did not agree to join in any plan to occupy the power station . The evidence of PC Kennedy presumably confirmed this , " Schwarz said in a statement . "  Yet that evidence , had it been kept secret , could have led to a miscarriage of justice . " Danny Chivers , one of the six defendants , questioned police motives for the raid , telling CNN : "  This investigation was not in the public interest . It was political policing -- we had done nothing wrong . " Bradley Day , one of the activists involved in plans to protest at the power station , told CNN that Kennedy had played a "  key role in organizing the action , " including taking part in a recce to the power station . He also offered to pay more than # 700  $ 1,090  for the cost of a rental vehicle , he said . But most of those at the school had not been aware of the plan prior to that evening 's meeting and so had not actively committed to any illegal action , he said . Day said defense lawyers had become aware of Kennedy 's role as an undercover police officer while researching the backgrounds of all 114 who had been initially arrested . In an anonymous statement forwarded to CNN by Chivers , one of the defendants said they had known "  Mark Stone " for five or six years and "  liked and trusted him . " "  Mark was at the meeting for the Ratcliffe action in the late afternoon/early evening of 13/04/09  so he knew the plan in detail  , " the statement said . The defendant said the pair planned to suspend themselves in a hanging climbing tent beneath the power station 's coal conveyer . "  We were going to climb together and I think he was also driving one of the vehicles , " the statement continued . After their release from police custody , the defendant said he had slept the night on Mark Stone 's sitting room floor : "  I remember being awake at about eight the next morning and seeing Mark sitting at the bottom of the stairs with his head in his hands . I assumed that this was him being upset about the arrest rather than anything more complicated . " Schwarz said the case raised "  serious questions relating to the policing of protest , from the use of undercover officers , to the use of expensive and legally questionable mass pre-emptive arrest of protesters , to the use of stringent and unaccountable pre-charge police bail conditions , to the seemingly arbitrary nature by which the 114 initially arrested were reduced to the final 26 who were eventually charged . " CNN 's Geoff Hill , Antonia Mortensen and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this story .	Trial of environmental activists collapses as prosecution offers no evidence Prosecution says new information had "  significantly undermined " its case Defense planned to disclose information about an undercover police officer Activists say Mark Kennedy played a "  key role " in organizing the action
CNN  -- In the latest round of fighting between Israelis and the Palestinian militants of Hamas in Gaza , one key player looms like an ominous , lengthening shadow : Iran . Never far from sight or mind , the standoff between Iran and the West over Iran 's nuclear program serves as the backdrop to the fighting . It frames Israeli tactics and strategy and influences the international diplomatic response . Iran and its nuclear program also play a powerful psychological role , as observers and participants ponder the parallels between the latest Israel-Hamas conflict and a possible war in which Iran would stand against the U.S. or Israel , and perhaps other NATO allies . Cease-fire reached in Gaza conflict Little wonder then that Israel has received strong support from U.S. President Barack Obama -- who has repeatedly stated , "  We are fully supportive of Israel 's right to defend itself from missiles raining on people 's homes " -- as well as from nations including the UK , Germany , Canada , Australia , the Netherlands and others . When Israelis see a rocket launched from Gaza , the thought that one day that rocket could carry nuclear materials burns hot in their mind . Opinion : Israel , engage Abbas now And when they see their Iron Dome defensive missile shield -- the extraordinarily successful new technology -- shoot down a missile , it gives them , and perhaps NATO , a sense of reassurance about how a clash with Iran might unfold . Tehran has long armed Israel 's most determined enemies . Israelis worry that Iran could hand nuclear materials to groups committed to Israel 's destruction , a prospect many see as more realistic than a direct nuclear attack from Iran . Israel 's attacks in Gaza are aimed at stopping the rockets and mortar attacks that have gone on for years and have intensified greatly in recent weeks . Israel complained to the U.N. . But Israel also wanted to deplete a Hamas arsenal it sees as part of Iran 's preparations in case of war with Israel . Israeli officials say the missiles launched by Hamas and Islamic Jihad into Israel 's two largest cities , Jerusalem and Tel Aviv , are Iran 's rockets , which Israelis believe were shipped by Iran in separate pieces like a doomsday Ikea package . They were sent by sea to Sudan and then moved through Egypt and into tunnels to Gaza , where they were assembled for firing at Israel with the help of Iranian operatives on the ground in Gaza . Iran and Sudan have denied that such a smuggling operation exists . Iran has threatened to unleash attacks against Israel and "  wipe it off the face of the Earth , " in case of a hit on its nuclear installations . Those attacks could come from Gaza and from Iran 's Lebanese ally , Hezbollah . Perhaps not coincidentally , in late October Israeli fighter jets are believed to have bombed an arms factory in Sudan . The Times of London said the facility made missiles for Hamas and was operated by Iranian Revolutionary Guards . Some analysts have speculated that the Israeli attacks against Gaza constitute the second part of the Sudan operation , in which Israel set out to destroy Iran 's most dangerous weapons arrayed in Gaza just meters from Israeli civilian populations and being launched with increasing brazenness by Hamas and Islamic Jihad . Opinion : How this could be the last Gaza war The latest fighting brings to the forefront one of the pivotal questions posed by the revolutions that swept across the Arab Middle East in the past two years : Where would key Arab and Muslim players stand in case of a confrontation between Iran and the West , particularly if Israel and the Palestinians became one of the epicenters of fighting ? European governments that defended Israel 's right to fight back against rocket attacks also urged restraint , fearing an unraveling of a highly unstable Middle East , where alliances are shifting and agendas are difficult to ascertain . One of the great uncertainties of the latest conflict has been how Arab countries where the political ground has shifted -- particularly Egypt -- would react . So far , it appears that the rhetoric has changed somewhat . Arab leaders and their populations support the Palestinians , but they have other priorities at home . In case of a war with Iran , however , specifically one involving Israel , what would Turkey , a NATO member but withering critic of Israel , do ? What could the West expect from Egypt , with its president 's Muslim Brotherhood ties ? What about Qatar , a strong backer of Hamas but an important U.S. friend in the region ? The political transformations brought by the Arab uprisings also shattered some of Hamas ' alliances , particularly the one with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Iran 's best friend and until recently Hamas ' own warmly hospitable host . Damascus provided Hamas ' home away from home , the base of its exiled politburo leaders . When the carnage in Syria spun out of control , Hamas broke with al-Assad and its leaders left , but the group maintained its links with Tehran . Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya traveled to Iran earlier this year , reaffirming ties with the Islamic Republic . And although Hamas and Iran stand on opposite sides of Islam 's Sunni-Shia divide , they share fundamental goals . Tehran 's leaders unambiguously call for an end to Israel . Hamas has even more explicit goals on the issue . Its charter , which has never been revoked or amended , opposes any negotiations with Israel and declares "  Israel will exist ... until Islam will obliterate it . " The charter also quotes an ancient Islamic scripture about the promise of redemption , saying it will come after "  killing the Jews . " While Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal has made some conciliatory statements , suggesting a temporary accommodation with Israel might be possible , he has announced plans to retire , and hardliners led by Haniya are gaining the upper hand in a power struggle within Hamas . It 's not much of a stretch to say Hamas and Iran share the same objectives regarding Israel and the desirability of a future without it . Opinion : Israel , face new reality The fighting between Israel and Gaza falls tragically on the people who live there . But , like much that goes on in the Middle East , it has much larger geopolitical implications , casting shadows across the world and buffeted by forces beyond the immediate site of the fighting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : In the latest Israel-Hamas conflict , Iran is a key player Ghitis : Iran 's nuclear program serves as powerful psychological backdrop She says Israelis are worried since Tehran has long armed Israel 's enemies Ghitis : The fighting has much larger geopolitical implications for the Middle East
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- North Korea 's rhetoric toward the United States has always had a certain bizarre , over-the-top quality to it . Under the Bush administration it labeled Undersecretary of State John Bolton "  human scum . " "  Complete and irreversible denuclearization is the only viable path for North Korea , " Hillary Clinton says . But the North Korea 's latest comments about Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are stunningly personal . An unnamed North Korean official quoted by the state-run KCNA news agency calls Clinton "  by no means intelligent " and a "  funny lady . " "  Sometimes she looks like a primary schoolgirl and sometimes a pensioner going shopping , " he said . The remarks seem to be a reply to Clinton 's comments to ABC News in which she compared North Korea 's leadership to "  small children and unruly teenagers and people who are demanding attention . " Behind the scenes , U.S officials for months have made similar comparisons , claiming the Pyonyang 's modus operandi is to be deliberately provocative , to "  act out " to get the United States ' attention and be rewarded for its "  misbehavior . " This time , they say , it 's not going to work . Clinton said Pyonyang has "  no friends left . " After North Korea conducted an underground nuclear test in May and fired several ballistic missiles over Japan , the United States rallied the United Nations to pass resolution 1874 , which invoked strong sanctions , including targeting top North Korean officials connected to Pyonyang 's nuclear program . Significantly , the resolution was supported by Russia and China , countries that have been reluctant to impose strict sanctions on North Korea . "  Complete and irreversible denuclearization is the only viable path for North Korea , " Clinton said at the Association of Southeast Asia Nations meeting in Thailand this week . "  We do not intend to reward North Korea just for returning to the table , nor do we intend to reward them for actions they have already committed to taking and then reneged on . The path is open to them , and it is up to them to follow it . Unless and until they do , they will face international isolation and the unrelenting pressure of global sanctions . " North Korea , however , says the six-party talks with the United States , South Korea , Russia , China and Japan are dead and it 's not going back . The country has the right to a nuclear program , it says , since it must defend itself against possible attack from the United States . With strong words on both sides , the standoff seems intractable . Clinton maintains the door still is open to the North , but only if Pyonyang does what it already has committed to : resume talks and dismantle its nuclear program -- completely , irreversibly and verifiably . "  We have made it very clear to the North Koreans that if they will agree to irreversible denuclearization the United States , as well as our partners , will move forward on a package of incentives and opportunities , including normalizing relations that will give the people of North Korea a better future , " she said . But a North Korean official , quoted by South Korean news agency Yonhap , calls the package of incentives "  nonsense . " "  The U.S. is telling us to take off all of our clothes , " he 's quoted as saying . "  The most important thing for us is sovereignty . Sovereignty , security , namely life , should be guaranteed . How can we barter life with money ? "	"  Sometimes she looks like a primary schoolgirl , " official reportedly says of Clinton U.S. officials have likened North Korea 's provocative actions to children acting out North Korea 's nuclear test in May strengthened U.S. call for sanctions North Korea remains defiant , showing no signs of abandoning nuclear program
CNN  -- The Tunisian government declared a curfew Tuesday in eight governorates , including the capital city of Tunis , in an attempt to quell violence after protests that included radical Islamists . The 9 p.m. to 5 a.m. curfew was announced by the Interior Ministry and the Defense Ministry "  in the wake of violence carried out by criminal groups against establishments of sovereignty and public and private property , " a prime ministry communique said , according to the official Tunis Afrique Press . The curfew is to be observed in the governorates of Tunis , Ariana , Manouba , Ben Arous , Sousse , Jendouba , Monastir and the Ben Guerdane delegation in the governorate of Medenine , it said . Medical and night-shift workers are exempted . The announcement came hours after the offices and archives of the public prosecutor were set ablaze , Tunis Afrique Press said . The news agency , citing the Interior Ministry , said 97 people had been arrested since Monday night after rioting by "  criminal groups " in the capital . "  According to a ministry 's press statement , these groups destroyed and set ablaze public properties , attacked police stations and assaulted policemen and citizens , " it said . "  These groups include Salafis and persons with criminal records . " Salafis are ultraconservatives . The North African country touched off the Arab Spring by ousting Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali , who was replaced by a moderate Islamist government . Ben Ali has remained in exile in Saudi Arabia since the January 2011 uprising that forced him from office . He is being tried in absentia in the deaths of dozens of anti-government protesters during the revolt . Ben Ali already has been convicted in absentia and sentenced to five years in prison for his role in a 1991 case in which 17 servicemen were accused of plotting a coup against his regime .	Dawn-to-dusk curfew follows unrest , torching of government offices Government blames "  Salafis and persons with criminal records " The curfew is imposed in eight governorates , including the capital Uprising in Tunisia set off 2011 ` Arab Spring '
CNN  -- "  127 Hours " is n't just the name of James Franco 's Oscar-nominated film , it also could describe the length of time he waits before delving into a new career . Musical producer ; college lecturer , bar owner ; Walmart greeter -- which of these titles wo n't Franco be adding to his rsum in the coming months ? If you guessed Walmart greeter , you 're right -- for now . "  I 'm doing it because I love it , " the star has said of juggling so many jobs . "  Why not do as many things I love as I can ? As long as the work is good . " Considering all the occupations he holds , it 's tempting to blame Franco for the country 's unemployment problem . He 's absolutely everywhere these days , and just about the only place you wo n't see the 32-year-old Oscar nominee/host 's squinty , smirking face is on a milk carton . Yet , as true Franco-philes know , it was n't always this way . After gaining attention in the 1999-2000 TV series "  Freaks & Geeks , " Franco embarked on a career as a "  serious actor . " He shunned the limelight , nabbed a Golden Globe for the "  James Dean " TV movie , appeared with Robert DeNiro in "  City by the Sea " and headlined a string of little-seen dramas , including "  Tristan & Isolde " and "  Annapolis . " "  It was death , " he has said of his career path at the time . "  I did n't want to act anymore . It was death doing the things I was supposed to be doing . I could n't make those movies anymore . ... I had the conversation with my manager like , ` If this is what it 's gon na be , I ca n't do this anymore . ' So , it was n't like the answer was , ` Hey ! Go do a bunch of crazy stuff ! ' I had to figure out how to change what I was doing . I had to figure out that I had to believe in my own taste . Not believe in what you should do . Believe in what I liked and it 's OK . " Apparently , those likes included books , bongs and bedpans : Franco went back to college , made the 2008 stoner comedy , "  Pineapple Express , " and took a role on "  General Hospital " as serial killer Franco . The soap-opera gig was an unheard move for a successful film actor -- seriously , can you picture Christian Bale doing "  All My Children " ? -- but by 2010 , you 'd be hard-pressed to define Franco as a film actor anyway : He was modeling in a wet T-shirt for a Gucci fragrance ad , had made a documentary about "  Saturday Night Live , " published the short-story collection "  Palo Alto " and unveiled the sex-and-violence-themed performance-art piece "  The Dangerous Book Four Boys " at a New York gallery . Then , shortly after unleashing those whoppers , Franco pulled out the really big guns and fired off a new string of head scratchers . He premiered a "  Three 's Company " art installation at Sundance -- while wearing a Suzanne Somers wig , no less -- and is now turning the old sitcom into an off-Broadway play and a movie . He 's hosting the Oscars and also hosting the after-party ! At his new bar ! Where he 'll sing ! He 's returning to "  General Hospital , " writing and directing three screenplays , and he 'll appear on Broadway in "  Sweet Bird of Youth . " And wait ... he 's producing a musical at Yale and will be both the subject and instructor of a Columbia College Hollywood course on film editing . You heard correctly : He . Is . A. College . Course . While Franco has been criticized -- and even skewered on "  Saturday Night Live " -- for his mindboggling multitasking , that may be exactly what he wants . After all , an artist 's job is to inspire debate and discussion , and Franco -- much like Lady Gaga , minus the telephone hats , platform boots and meat dresses  for now  -- certainly keeps the public talking as well as guessing with his every move . "  Some people say , ` Yeah , that guy will do anything . What 's he going to do next ? ' But it does n't mean that I do n't believe in the projects that I 'm doing , " he has said . "  You can do the crazy projects . Just be smart about it . " Well said , Franco . Now could you tell me which aisle home goods are on ?	James Franco is adding musical producer , college lecturer and bar owner to rsum Actor first became known for his role in "  Freaks & Geeks " TV series more than a decade ago Franco is nominated for an Academy Award for best actor in "  127 Hours "
CNN  -- Agatha Achindu 's life-changing career move started out simply enough -- she wanted a healthy baby . Cameroon native Agatha Achindu started Yummy Spoonfuls to give her child healthy choices . More than three years later , that passion is a profession for the native of Cameroon . She runs an organic baby food company , which is winning raves from some consumers and , even in a tough economy , has started to earn her a steady income . "  I had a very hard time getting pregnant , and so when I got pregnant , I said I was just going to do everything right , which means the freshest foods for my child , " said Achindu , 42 , who lives and works in Marietta , Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta . But when she reached for baby food off the grocery-store shelves , she said , she did n't like what she found -- jars filled with sugar , additives and preservatives . It was a far cry from what she grew up with in her African home . "  It 's more farm to table , so we do n't really deal with a lot of preservatives , " she said . "  I could be eating plantains and know precisely where the plantains came from -- it was my backyard or a neighbor 's . " She started shopping for vegetables and fruits from her local farmers ' market . She cooked , chopped and blended to make baby food for her son , Jared . Her neighbors , friends and fellow church members started asking her to increase the sizes of the batches -- they wanted their children to have what her son was having . "  It 's like , ` Can you make it for me ? I ca n't do what you do . My child does n't like when I make it and you 're not there , ' " she said , mimicking the requests . Finally , in 2006 , it got out of hand . "  My husband ... even though he never said it , was like , ` OK , it 's about time you make some money doing this , ' " she said . Today , three years after incorporating Yummy Spoonfuls , she 's still doing most of the shopping , chopping and cooking on her own . Achindu works out of a rented commercial kitchen in Marietta . Six employees , some of them African immigrants like herself , help with preparation and finances . Her flavors run the gamut from simple -- organic potatoes , carrots and peas -- to adventurous -- such as organic adzuki beans and sweet potato porridge . But it was n't a move without sacrifice . Achindu , who had come to the United States in the early '90s , gave up a job as a manager for a hospitality software company and cashed in her 401  k  retirement fund to get the venture off the ground . "  That was money -- a lot of money , " she said . "  But this is more fulfilling because I truly believe that I 'm making a difference in people 's lives . " Business experts have mixed feelings on whether a down economy is a good time to start a small business . There 's the obvious concern about people spending less money and the difficulty in securing loans as the banking industry tries to claw its way out of meltdown mode . "  Right now the banks are failing left and right so it 's difficult to get credit , " said Small Business Administration spokeswoman Molly Brogan . And there are the numbers that exist even in good times -- 20 percent of new businesses fail after the first year , and more than half have failed four years later , according to the SBA . But there are positives , too . An economic crisis can be a good time for a new business to steal market share from established , but vulnerable , competitors , said Jeffrey Cornwall , director of the Center for Entrepreneurship at Belmont University in Tennessee . And small businesses require fewer employees , have less overhead and are able to cut costs more easily than bigger rivals when the economy goes sour . Of course , it does n't hurt to have a good product . In January , the parenting magazine Cookie named Yummy Spoonfuls its "  clear favorite " baby food after a taste test by a dozen moms . It celebrated the food 's wholesome makeup -- no sugar , salt , additives , preservatives , pesticides or fillers -- and said it offers "  some of the most creative and texturally interesting flavors we 've seen . " Making money has n't been automatic for Achindu despite her growing success . Up until about a year ago , the company was still operating at a slight loss . But now "  we do n't need to dig into personal savings to support the business -- the business supports itself , " she said . Achindu said she 's hoping the big profits will come soon . Until then , she said her belief in what she 's doing is its own reward . "  I truly believe that good food , healthy food , is not a privilege , it 's a right , " she said . "  Every child deserves to eat healthy food . " CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Agatha Achindu 's business grew out of making her own baby food Native of Cameroon could n't find fresh food like she remembered as girl Yummy Spoonfuls has received raves from parenting magazine , customers Experts say some small businesses can excel in a tough economy
A timeline of Rodney King 's life , including his 1991 beating by Los Angeles police and its aftermath . March 3 , 1991 Rodney King is beaten by LAPD officers after King leads police on a high-speed chase through Los Angeles County . George Holliday videotapes the beating from his apartment balcony . March 4 , 1991 Holliday delivers the tape to local television station , KTLA . March 7 , 1991 Rodney King is released without being charged . March 15 , 1991 Sgt. Stacey Koon and officers Laurence Michael Powell , Timothy Wind , and Theodore Briseno are indicted by a Los Angeles grand jury in connection with the beating . May 10 , 1991 A grand jury refuses to indict 17 officers who stood by at the King beating and did nothing . November 26 , 1991 Superior Court Judge Stanley Weisberg orders the trial of the four officers charged in the King beating to be moved to Simi Valley . Rodney King : What happened in 1991 April 29 , 1992 The four white LAPD officers are acquitted of beating King . Riots start at the intersection of Florence and Normandie in South Central Los Angeles . Reginald Denny , a white truck driver , is pulled from his truck and beaten . A news helicopter captures the beating on videotape . Gov. Pete Wilson declares a state of emergency and calls in National Guard troops . April 30-May 4 , 1992 Dusk-to-dawn curfews are enforced in the city and county of Los Angeles . May 1 , 1992 Rodney King makes an emotional plea for calm , stating , "  People , I just want to say , can we all get along ? Can we get along ? Can we stop making it horrible for the older people and the kids ? " August 4 , 1992 A federal grand jury returns indictments against Koon , Powell , Wind , and Briseno on the charge of violating the civil rights of Rodney King . February 25 , 1993 Trial begins . April 16 , 1993 The federal jury convicts Koon and Powell on one charge of violating King 's civil rights . Wind and Briseno are found not guilty . No disturbances follow the verdict . August 4 , 1993 U.S. District Judge John Davies sentences both Koon and Powell to 30 months in prison for violating King 's civil rights . Powell is found guilty of violating King 's constitutional right to be free from an arrest made with "  unreasonable force . " Ranking officer Koon is convicted of permitting the civil rights violation to occur . Photos : Rodney King and the LA Riots April 19 , 1994 The U.S. District Court in Los Angeles awards King $ 3.8 million in compensatory damages in a civil lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles . King had demanded $ 56 million , or $ 1 million for every blow struck by the officers . June 1 , 1994 Rodney King is awarded nothing in punitive damages in a civil trial against the police officers . He had asked for $ 15 million . April 2012 Rodney King 's autobiography , "  The Riot Within : My Journey from Rebellion to Redemption . Learning How We Can All Get Along , " is published . June 17 , 2012 King is found dead in his swimming pool , according to police and his fiancee , Cynthia Kelly . Overheard on CNN.com : Rodney King ` had demons . But called them his own ' Rodney King looks back without anger	Rodney King was found dead in his swimming pool Sunday The acquittal of officers in his beating sparked 1992 riots in Los Angeles King was awarded $ 3.8 million in his suit against the city
CNN  -- After cutting nearly half of its police force in January . the city of Camden , New Jersey , announced Thursday that it is rehiring 50 of the 168 police officers laid off . In an agreement between Camden officials and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , the city will have access to $ 2.5 million from what is known as a "  payment in lieu of taxes , " or PILOT , state fund . Camden 's Mayor Dana Redd will rehire 50 police officers and 15 firefighters . "  Public safety is our primary obligation as elected officials , " Redd said in a press release . The funding will allow Camden to supplement existing patrols through the spring and summer , but a long-term solution is still needed , Redd said . When asked if crime had increased during the two months since the cuts , the mayor 's spokesman , Robert Corrales , said only , "  Crime , in general , ebbs and flows and to pinpoint it on layoffs is just inconclusive . " Redd pledged to keep working with the governor and local officials to find and implement a long-term plan . "  In difficult fiscal times like these , we must work harder  and  be more creative and realistic to find the best , most cost-effective ways to meet our public safety obligations , " Redd said . In January , 168 police officers and 67 firefighters were laid off due to a $ 26.5 million budget gap . Camden , a city with the second-highest crime rate in the nation , was left scrambling to figure out solutions to keep residents safe . Camden is second only to St. Louis in annual crime-rate rankings of cities , with the rankings based on compilations of FBI crime statistics . Calls to Camden 's Fraternal Order of Police on Thursday were not immediately returned .	Facing a $ 26.5 million budget gap , Camden laid off police and firefighters The January layoffs took 168 officers and 67 firefighters off the payroll Now , the city is rehiring 50 of those officers with money from a state fund The mayor says a long-term budget solution is still needed
CNN  -- Just out of high school , my young developing mind could n't resist the temptation of the Marine recruiters : They promised challenge and hardship , in comparison to the other armed services , which promised money and travel as their main recruiting incentives . So , on September 24 , 2003 -- my 18th birthday -- I enlisted in the Marine Corps while my parents were away on vacation , a trip they promptly returned from upon hearing the news . My time in the Marine Corps offered an escape from the isolated Midwest upbringing that I 'd experienced . Once my training was completed , I found myself stationed in Okinawa , Japan 's sacrificial prefecture to the American Empire . My initial two-year tour of duty in Okinawa was regularly marked with frequent physical and mental abuse at the hands of noncommissioned officers within my unit , several of whom exhibited signs of post-traumatic stress . On a regular basis I found myself the target of homophobic and racist comments from those entrusted with my well-being and training , often times in front of those I was in charge of leading . My time on Okinawa came to an end when I received orders to Iraq . I happily reported to my new unit , hoping deployment would offer a welcome escape from the physical and verbal harassment , degradation and humiliation that had become daily life . The harassment I 'd experienced in my previous unit gave way to trust and camaraderie , though this , too , would soon fade . The enemy within Weeks before leaving Okinawa for the sands of Iraq , I found myself pinned down , fighting off a sexual assault by a fellow Marine : a noncommissioned officer I was about to deploy with , who I was supposed to trust my life to . I still remember the laughter as I fought back . This would occur twice , both times by the same Marine . The feelings of helplessness , powerlessness , guilt and shame would grow over the years . I felt weak , unable to protect myself . Like thousands of sexual assault survivors in the military , fear of victim blaming and feelings of shame and guilt prevented me from reporting what happened . After my first deployment I was experiencing emotional detachment . The world felt mundane . I was emotionally numb . Empathy escaped my being . I felt myself not participating in the world around me , observing from a distance . I found no place in the society I had returned to . I became violent at the slightest cue , and began drinking heavily . Depression and anxiety swept through me . Though I can now articulate the emotional context of my experience , at the time every emotion , fear , hurt , shame , guilt , was externalized through anger , rage and violence . I was blinded to the reality of what I was experiencing . My anger was simply the intensity that a Marine required . Emotional detachment and numbness cultivated the objectivity needed to evaluate and execute the mission . My drinking seamlessly blended with the would-be frat-house Marine barracks culture . I reported symptoms of PTSD to my command via a pencil and paper questionnaire known as a Post Deployment Health Assessment , at the discouragement and warning of a Corpsman , yet no offer of treatment was extended . My subsequent deployments would only serve to compound the trauma I had experienced , as I was on guard not only for the so-called enemy , but like so many of my sisters-in-arms , for my fellow Marines as well . After completing my second deployment to Iraq , I separated from the Marines to attend Auburn University . I believed at the time I was leaving an old life behind me to begin a new life as a college freshman , but I soon discovered that stepping back out into the world would not be the seamless transition I had come to envision . My struggles in the Marines had come to a close . Little did I know that my battle with Veterans Affairs was on the horizon . From suicidal thoughts to long waits and lots of pills As self-isolation became my preferred method of treating my anxiety , my relationships with my parents and my partner deteriorated . I felt distanced from those around me and those I cared about , which fed my anger . My anger fed into guilt , then isolation and then anger . This became my every day . After nearly three years , my anger and depression drove my partner to leave . Losing the only relationship I 'd managed to maintain deepened my depression . Life felt superficial . I began imagining how I would take my life . The Uncounted : War 's impact on military families With the barrel to my temple and my finger on the trigger , I began to wonder what the moments between the gun firing and my death would be like . In my questioning I realized that what I wanted was not to die , but to reclaim agency of my life and live it instead of simply survive through it . While I had no desire to harm myself , more than anything , I desired relief . On the verge of suicide and struggling to stay in school , I began to seek treatment at the VA Clinic . This task was , in the truest sense , easier said than done . Wait times for appointments ranged from three to six months . Spending an hour on hold was the norm , and being hung up on was common practice . My first appointment requesting mental health treatment was December 2011 . My first appointment with a therapist was October 2012 , a 10-month gap . In those 10 months , according to the VA estimates , more than 6,000 veterans took their own lives . Long before I would ever see a therapist , the VA would cycle me through half a dozen medicines in less than three months , though this was far less than the buffet of lithium and opiates many other veterans are prescribed . Upon graduation , I relocated to Denver and immediately enrolled in the local VA system , looking to continue the treatment I had fought so hard to receive before . After my initial intake , every mental health appointment I scheduled would be involuntarily canceled and pushed to a later date , only to have them , too , be canceled . During this time , news broke that delays in care had been a problem at VA clinics nationwide . I eventually gave up on the VA and began managing symptoms of my PTSD using medicinal cannabis and Vipassana meditation . It was clear to me that the VA was there to placate , not to heal veterans . Gingrich : We owe vets real change Amazonian discovery It was my search for true healing that led me to Peru . I traveled there as part of a study conducted by Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies . I had been following the association 's MDMA PTSD treatment research for years , and regularly advocated for MAPS in my daily discussions with fellow veterans . In Peru , I met other veterans who had also become disillusioned with the cold , sterile , institutionalized treatment they had received when they returned home from combat . When we arrived at the Phoenix Ayahuasca Center in Iquitos , Peru , I was unsure what to expect . I had read about ayahuasca , and listened to firsthand accounts from other veterans of its healing effects , but never imagined I myself would have the opportunity to experience it firsthand . I participated in three ayahuasca ceremonies , all conducted alongside other veterans . Each ceremony lasted approximately four hours . Before each ceremony we would come together and discuss our intention or focus would be for the ceremony that evening . We sat by candlelight , as one by one we drank our cup of medicine , then in darkness as we waited for the medicine to come up through us . Ayahuasca allowed me to examine myself from a new perspective , progressively deeper with each ceremony . I was able to recall trauma and remember parts of my experiences that had previously been blocked out . I was able to process not only experiences from the military , but also from throughout my entire life and see how they synthesized into the person I had become . I felt a love and acceptance like never before . Negativity and pain lifted from my shoulders and released from my body in what felt like what I can only describe as a psychedelic baptism . Since returning home to Colorado , I 've become an even more vocal advocate for psychedelic treatment . With the advent of the legalization of medicinal and recreational cannabis , I believe it is important that we continue on in the fight against the drug war . Psychedelics including MDMA , LSD and psilocybin should be rescheduled to allow research into their medicinal benefits and let the facts speak for themselves . America 's veterans are returning from over a decade of perpetual war , only to find themselves on the front lines , this time battling the government that sent them to fight , for their right to heal . Enlightenment is on the horizon , and as with all America 's battles , its veterans will lead the way .	Richard Stroder joined the Marines at age 18 He says he was the target of harassment and , later , sexual assault Stroder suffered from PTSD and was disappointed with VA treatment He believes ayahuasca could help more vets suffering from PTSD
CNN  -- For the third time in a year , Japan 's government has intervened in the yen , its unit of currency , according to Japan 's finance minister . "  While Japan is dealing with the reconstruction of the tsunami zone , if the surging of the yen continues , it could negatively affect Japan 's economy and financial stability , " Finance Minister Yoshihiko Noda told reporters . "  Therefore , Japan has intervened in the currency market . We will continue to watch the movement of the currency market closely . " Minutes after the announcement , the Nikkei stock index shot up 100 points and the yen weakened against the dollar . The Bank of Japan responded to the move in a press release , saying that it "  strongly expects that the action taken by the Ministry of Finance in the foreign exchange market will contribute to stable price formation in the market . " Japan 's economy , still struggling after the March 11 earthquake , tsunami and nuclear crisis , has been hit hard by the falling U.S. dollar . Uncertainty by global markets over the U.S. debt deal caused the dollar to plummet versus the Japanese yen , a currency seen as a safe haven by investors . Japanese automakers and electronics companies have seen the currency shift eat into their corporate profits as the dollar has sunk . Japan 's exporters operate on the global market with the U.S. dollar , but then repatriate the funds to Japan in yen . JP Morgan Japan estimates corporate profits have fallen approximately 5 % in the last six weeks as the U.S. dollar has plummeted . Perhaps the hardest-hit company is the world 's largest automaker , Toyota . The car maker estimates it loses approximately $ 385 million for every 1 yen movement up versus the dollar . By that estimate , in July , Toyota lost more than a billion dollars based on the currency shift alone . Toyota Motor Corporation this week , in announcing their first-quarter earnings for the 2012 fiscal year , called the exchange rate too much to bear . Senior managing officer Takahiko Ijichi said , "  I understand that it 's our fate to adapt to ever-changing exchanging rates . But this situation , where the yen has passed 80 yen and is now at 76 yen , for us exporters , it 's extremely tough . " CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Finance Ministry : "  We will continue to watch the movement of the currency market closely " Ministry says the yen 's strength is affecting the stability of the tsunami region Nikkei stock index rose moments after announcement was made Japan 's automakers , electronics firms hurt by falling dollar
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday searched desperately for ways it could avoid a sweeping ruling in what one justice called a "  tinderbox " legal fight over perhaps the most vexing diplomatic issue -- unrest in the Middle East . Menachem Zivotofsky , 12 , and his family want the American citizen 's passport to say he was born in Jerusalem , Israel . But the U.S. State Department , ignoring a congressional law , will not allow the boy to list his country of birth on the document , only Jerusalem . The Obama administration maintains a strict neutrality policy over the holy city 's sovereignty . Both Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital , but the international community does not recognize either position . The Zivotofskys framed the case as a "  small gesture " for a boy , which does not implicate the U.S. government 's ongoing efforts to secure a binding , lasting peace settlement for the troubled region . Supreme Court to decide if boy can list Israel as passport birthplace At issue is a classic tug of war between the executive and legislative branches of government -- specifically whether a federal law that explicitly directs the State Department how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a passport impermissibly infringes on the president 's power to recognize a foreign sovereign . More than 50,000 Americans were born in Jerusalem since the law was passed in 2002 . In a brisk hour of oral arguments , the nine justices seemed especially torn about how to decide the case , many looking for a way perhaps to rule narrowly . Many on the bench were at odds over whether this mix of politics , diplomacy and religion will result in de facto recognition of Israel 's unilateral sovereignty over Jerusalem . "  You say that this is n't recognition , " Justice Anthony Kennedy told the Zivotofskys ' attorney . "  So the ultimate conflict is not before us and therefore , the government 's policy , which says that this is recognition , should be given deference and it trumps . " Justice Antonin Scalia said , "  Congress is entitled to do what it is authorized to do under the Constitution , even when that contradicts " with the views of the executive branch , And as far as the passport issue , "  the fact that the State Department does n't like the fact that it makes the Palestinians angry is irrelevant . " Case heard during growing unrest in Jerusalem The debate comes during a week of unrest in Jerusalem , with daily protests near sacred sites and fears of a third intifada , or Palestinian uprising . Temple Mount crisis fuels unrest in volatile Jerusalem The case could have broader implications over U.S. foreign policy . The justices raised ongoing debates over those born in British-controlled Northern Ireland ; whether Taiwan should be recognized as independent of China ; and the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine over disputed territory , including Crimea . Jerusalem 's Old City is the heart of the region , a holy symbol to the three major Abrahamic religions -- Christianity , Islam and Judaism . That tiny area -- just a third of one square mile -- contains the Temple Mount , Western Wall , Church of the Holy Sepulcher , Dome of the Rock and Al-Aqsa Mosque . It has been destroyed twice -- and attacked , besieged and captured more than 100 times . Canaanites , Hebrews , Arabs , Greeks , Romans , Persians , Crusaders , Turks and the British have all laid claim to the land . Its status today remains one the thorniest issues blocking a comprehensive Mideast peace agreement , with both Israel and the Palestinian people claiming sovereignty . During the 1948 war , the western part of the city was annexed by the newly formed nation of Israel , and the eastern part annexed by Jordan . Israel then captured the eastern part during the 1967 Six-Day War . It considers East Jerusalem part of its "  undivided capital , " but most of the international community deems the annexations illegal and a part of Palestinian land . The Israeli government is based there , but no foreign embassies are . The city is home to Ari and Naomi Zivotofsky . The couple and their two oldest sons were born in the United States , but the family migrated to Israel a decade ago , and in October 2002 the youngest , Menachem Binyamin , was born . "  We 're very proud of the fact that he was born in Israel and that we live in Israel and it 's the modern state of Israel , " Ari Zivotofsky told CNN . "  Religiously and historically , that 's very significant . " The father said his son -- who has been at the center of this legal fight for 11 of his 12 years -- frequently reminds his siblings he is the one Zivotofsky born in their current home . The boy is preparing for his bar mitzvah . Bush 's ` signing statement ' Three weeks before Menachem was born , Congress gave American citizens born in Jerusalem the individual discretion to ask that Israel be listed on passports and consular reports , where it says "  Place of Birth . " President George W. Bush signed the bill but issued an executive "  signing statement " indicating he would not comply . The law , he said , "  impermissibly interferes with the president 's constitutional authority to conduct the nation 's foreign affairs and to supervise the unitary executive branch . " The State Department 's official Foreign Affairs Manual still reads : "  For a person born in Jerusalem , write Jerusalem as the place of birth in the passport . Do not write Israel , Jordan or West Bank for a person born within the current municipal borders of Jerusalem . " It is not the first time Congress and the White House have clashed over the region . The American Embassy remains in Tel Aviv over U.S. lawmakers ' objections . Competition to speak among justices During Monday 's oral arguments in the case , Zivotofsky v. Kerry , there was much competition on the bench to speak . Chief Justice John Roberts at one point had to referee and allow Kennedy , with his seniority , to go first . "  You want us to say in our opinion that this is not a political declaration ? " Kennedy asked attorney Alyza Lewin of the 12-year-old congressional law . When told that was true , "  Well , then , I 'm not sure why that Congress passed it then . " Kennedy offered a compromise , suggesting what a select number of U.S. passports might say : "  The place of birth on this Jerusalem-born citizen 's passport has been listed as Israel at the holder 's request . This designation is neither an acknowledgment nor a declaration by the Department of State or the President of the United States that Jerusalem is within the borders of the State of Israel . " But Justice Elena Kagan -- who along with Justices Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor seemed most supportive of the administration 's assertions -- wondered "  i  f Congress then passed a law saying that  hypothetical  statement had to come off the passport , could Congress do that ? " "  Why is it that it 's OK for Congress to say something that has n't happened , meaning to say that someone born in Jerusalem is actually born in Israel ? " Sotomayor added . "  I mean , they can self-identify all they want , but can they do that ? " Representing the government , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli framed the issue in larger terms , saying the congressional law in effect would "  force the executive branch to issue official diplomatic communications that contradict the position of the United States . " Justice Samuel Alito asked , "  But is that really true ? Could Congress pass a law saying that every passport issued to an American citizen must list the place of birth , including country , and that for this purpose , the country is the nation that issued the birth certificate to that individual ? Could Congress do that ? " Zivotofsky 's attorney , Lewin , concluded by saying granting the boy 's request would be a "  nonissue " and have no long-term effect since the Jerusalem passports -- by simply listing "  Israel " would be indistinguishable from those who were born elsewhere in Israel . "  This seems a particularly unfortunate week to be making this kind of , ` Oh , it 's no big deal ' argument , " said Kagan , referring the recent violent protests in Jerusalem . "  History suggests that everything is a big deal with respect to the status of Jerusalem . And right now Jerusalem is a tinderbox because of issues about the status of and access to a particularly holy site there . And so sort of everything matters , does n't it ? " A ruling in the case is due by the spring .	A boy , 12 , and his family want his passport to say he was born in Israel Ignoring law passed in 2002 , U.S. State Department policy is to list only Jerusalem , not Israel At issue is a classic tug of war between the executive and legislative branches Justices weigh arguments in case that could have impact on U.S. policy in Mideast
CNN  -- A submarine found by anti-drug police in Ecuador last week cost $ 4 million to build and could have hauled 6 to 10 metric tons of cocaine , a top U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration official said Wednesday . The fully functional submarine was built at a drydock at a clandestine complex that housed 50 people , said Jay Bergman , Andean regional director for the DEA . Authorities found the sub hidden in marshland under triple-canopy jungle , Bergman told CNN 's "  American Morning " program . "  This is the first seizure of a clandestinely constructed fully operational submarine built to facilitate trans-oceanic drug trafficking , " the DEA said in a statement last week . "  Traffickers historically employed slow-moving fishing boats , sail boats , pleasure craft go-fasts , " Bergman said last week . "  The advent of the narco-submarine presents new detection challenges for maritime interdiction forces . The submarine 's nautical range , payload capacity and quantum leap in stealth have raised the stakes for the counter-drug forces and the national security community alike . " The vessel utilizes twin screws and is diesel-electric powered , the agency said . It is about 98 feet  30 meters  long and 9 feet  nearly 3 meters  high from the deck plates to the ceiling . It has a periscope and an air-conditioning system .	Submarine could have hauled 6 to 10 metric tons of cocaine , DEA says The $ 4 million vessel was built at a clandestine complex Sub is first of its kind found by drug agents , DEA says It is diesel-electric powered , the drug agency said
CNN  America 's national parks welcomed a record-breaking 292.8 million visits in 2014 , shattering the previous record of 287.1 million visits set in 1999 . Golden Gate National Recreation Area took the top spot in the National Park Service 's list of the most visited places in the National Park System for the second year in a row , while Great Smoky Mountain National Park was the most popular national park . The National Park Service 's 405 park sites include the 59 headliner national parks , national seashores , national monuments and other designations . "  As the National Park Service strives to share a more inclusive and well-rounded version of the American story through the places we care for , it is gratifying to see more people than ever coming to their national parks to enjoy nature , learn about history , and spend time with their families , " said National Park Service Director Jonathan B. Jarvis in a press statement . "  As we look ahead to our centennial in 2016 , I am looking forward to announcing a new record-breaking number of visitors coming to experience national parks next year and beyond . " The most popular national park sites National park sites saw 20.2 million more visits in 2014 than in the previous year , according to National Park Service visitation data . In 2013 , the national park sites counted just 273 million visits , due to the 16-day U.S. government shutdown which forced many national sites to close . The Golden Gate National Recreation Area had more than 15 million visits last year , while second-place Blue Ridge Parkway hosted 13.9 million visits . Great Smoky Mountains National Park came in third place in the list of most visited park sites with 10 million visits . Of the 59 specially designated national parks , Great Smoky Mountains was the most visited , while Grand Canyon National Park came in second place , with 4.8 million visitors . Yosemite came in third place with 3.9 million visitors . 50 spots , 50 states for 2014 Visitors certainly love their national park sites , and here are their favorites for 2014 . Top 10 most-visited National Park Service sites 1 . Golden Gate National Recreation Area  15 million 2 . Blue Ridge Parkway  13.9 million 3 . Great Smoky Mountains National Park  10 million 4 . George Washington Memorial Parkway  7.5 million 5 . Lincoln Memorial  7.1 million 6 . Lake Mead National Recreation Area  6.9 million 7 . Gateway National Recreation Area  6 million 8 . Natchez Trace Parkway  5.8 million 9 . Chesapeake & Ohio Canal National Historic Park  5 million 10 . Grand Canyon National Park  4.8 million Top 10 most-visited national parks 1 . Great Smoky Mountains National Park  10 million 2 . Grand Canyon National Park  4.8 million 3 . Yosemite National Park  3.9 million 4 . Yellowstone National Park  3.5 million 5 . Rocky Mountain National Park  3.4 million 6 . Olympic National Park  3.2 million 7 . Zion National Park  3.2 million 8 . Grand Teton National Park  2.8 million 9 . Acadia National Park  2.6 million 10 . Glacier National Park  2.3 million	National Park Service hosts record-breaking number of visits Golden Gate National Recreational Area is most popular site Great Smoky Mountain is most popular national park
A new study finds that 28 % of parents following the CDC-recommended schedule for childhood vaccinations think it would be safer to delay the shots until children are older . The study , published Monday in the journal Pediatrics , confirms that about 2 % of parents living in the United States are refusing all vaccines for their children , and more than one in 10 alter the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention-recommended vaccination schedule by delaying or refusing certain vaccines . Among parents following an alternative vaccine schedule , 30 % actually began with the regular schedule , but then changed their minds . "  I was surprised by the malleability of people 's attitudes " said Dr. Amanda Dempsey , one of the study authors . "  In my own clinical practice , I have been more used to parents pretty firmly decided one way or the other what they wanted to do . " Parents are refusing certain vaccines at higher rates than others , the study finds . H1N1 and the seasonal flu vaccine topped the rejection list . Among vaccines delayed until a child grows older , the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine , a two-stage vaccine administered at 12 months and then again at age 4 , topped the list . Pediatricians generally stay sensitive to parents ' concerns , accommodating alternative vaccine schedules when requested . "  There is a small group of pediatricians , and I think it 's growing slowly , that tell patients , ` If you come into our practice , we are immunizing your children according to the CDC 's and the American Academy of Pediatrics standard schedule , ' " said Dr. William Schaffner , who chairs the department of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University . " -LSB- They say -RSB- ` Anything less than that is not appropriate for your child . If you 're uncomfortable with that , God bless you , here are the names of some other pediatricians in town who will likely take care of your children . ' " Schaffner said the main problem , as he sees it , is that parents have no knowledge of the diseases their children are being inoculated against . The diseases have sort of faded from the public consciousness , but can spring back if enough of the population goes unvaccinated . This year has seen more cases of measles than any year since 1996 . As of August , there have been 198 confirmed cases in the United States , according to the CDC , with the vast majority among the unvaccinated . Usually the transmission comes from traveling abroad . Not only do unvaccinated children run the risk of becoming ill or worse , but they also endanger others who do n't have the option to vaccinate . For example , children under 12 months old and those with certain medical conditions like HIV do n't receive the MMR vaccine . Instead they rely on a "  herd effect , " unprotected themselves , but living among a population where disease ca n't find a foothold . In Europe , the measles outbreak has been far worse than in the United States , with thousands of confirmed cases correlating with a decline in vaccination rates sparked by Andrew Wakefield 's 1998 fraudulent study alleging a connection between the MMR vaccine and autism . Globally , measles still is a leading cause of death among children , killing an estimated 450 people every day , according to the World Health Organization . But many parents fear the vaccines carry a more immediate risk and do damage in ways perhaps not yet documented by medical researchers . What public health officials do know is that about one in six children will experience a fever and one in 3,000 will have a seizure after receiving the MMR vaccine , according to the National Institutes of Health , but severe side effects are extremely rare , and there is no evidence of a link to autism . Parents noticing any reaction in their child after vaccination should report the incident using the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System . Regarding her research into parents ' "  malleable " attitudes on vaccines , Dempsey said figuring out what is swaying parents away from the recommended schedule is important , and something her research can not yet answer .	Two percent of parents living in the United States are refusing all vaccines for their children 2011 has seen more cases of measles than in any year since 1996 In Europe , the measles outbreak has been far worse than in the United States
CNN  -- Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone confirmed on Monday a decision on rearranging the postponed Bahrain Grand Prix will be made prior to the start of the 2011 season . Ecclestone , 80 , also ruled out a replacement venue being used after political unrest in the Gulf kingdom led to the opening race of the new season being called off . Although the elite motorsport 's season will now begin on March 27 in Australia , instead of the scheduled March 13 kick-off in Bahrain , Ecclestone admitted it could be fitted in at a later date . "  The FIA World Council will meet at the beginning of March and could look into the situation , " the Briton told Formula One 's official website . Bahrain Grand Prix called off "  I have already spoken with FIA President Jean Todt about the possibility of finding a new date and we both agreed that a decision has to be made before the season starts . " The sport 's rights-holder also suggested the grand prix could be rescheduled for Formula One 's mid-season break in July , during the oppressive heat of the Bahraini summer . "  We do n't need an alternative race anywhere in Europe or any other place . We need a race in Bahrain . If the Crown Prince is of the opinion that his country is able to host a race we will return to Bahrain . "  I think the teams are sensible enough even to race in Bahrain in the summer break , and despite high temperatures , because this is the way we can support the country . " Ecclestone also said a decision on whether or not to hold the race at the country 's Bahrain International Circuit could not have been made any sooner . The grand prix was officially axed on February 21 . "  Shortly before the crisis I had lunch with the Crown Prince  HRH Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa  and there was absolutely no indication of what would come just days after . "  He asked what I would do if I were him , and I answered , ` You are there . We in Europe are hardly in the situation to make a serious judgment of the conditions . Decide what is best for your country . ' "  He then cancelled the race and I think it was the right decision . " Formula One had been set for it busiest-ever season , with 20 races planned for the 2011 campaign , including the inaugural Grand Prix of India in the country 's capital New Delhi .	The postponed season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix could take place at a later date Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has ruled out using a replacement venue Ecclestone has suggested the race could take place during F1 's mid-season break
Vitali Klitschko has confirmed that he will defend his world heavyweight boxing title against former champion Shannon Briggs on October 16 in his adopted home city of Hamburg . The Ukrainian last put his WBC belt up for grabs in May against Albert Sosnowski in what he has said will be his last year as a professional fighter . The 39-year-old , who has successfully defended the crown four times , will face the American , 38 , for the first time as he seeks to extend his 40-2 career record . "  I am really happy that I will have a fight in Hamburg again , the place where I started my professional career . The o2 World is a great arena and the fans in Hamburg are real box experts and will make a perfect atmosphere , " Klitschko told his website . "  Shannon Briggs is not only big at talking but also big in the ring and a very tough challenger . He is more experienced than me , has more professional fights on his record and is one of the hardest punchers in the division . I will be very well prepared together with my trainer Fritz Sdunek . " Briggs , nicknamed "  The Cannon , " has a record of 51-5 with 45 victories by knockout -- 27 in the first round . He has previously beaten former world champions George Foreman , Ray Mercer and Sergej Liakhovich . "  For a long time I have been trying hard to fight a Klitschko . Most of their opponents are scared to death when they step into the ring . I will put a lot of pressure on Klitschko and take the fight to him . Klitschko can enjoy his belt for a few more weeks ; after October 16 it will be mine ! " Klitschko 's younger brother Wladimir , the IBF , WBO and IBO champion , will face former WBC titleholder Samuel Peter of Nigeria in another Germany-based bout in Frankfurt on September 11 . Britain 's WBA beltholder David Haye , who both Klitschkos have accused of being scared to fight them , may next fight former Olympic champion Audley Harrison , according to promoter Barry Hearn . Hearn , whose son Eddie is involved in the talks with Haye 's manager Adam Booth , said the fight would be a boost for British boxing . "  In the heavyweight division , there is nothing else out there as far as British fight fans are concerned , Harrison-Haye is enormous , " he told Sky Sports News . "  The fantastic thing about David Haye is that he 's burst on the scene and done a fantastic job against -LSB- Nikolay -RSB- Valuev , boxed the ears off -LSB- John -RSB- Ruiz and put him into retirement . He 's hot . "  Audley Harrison , in my opinion , is a bigger draw . People do n't know what to expect from Audley Harrison , he 's been talking a great fight for years , never delivered it . He 's at that last-stage saloon -- every fight fan in England wants to see this fight . "	WBC champion Vitali Klitschko will return to adopted home city of Hamburg for defense Ukrainian faces American fighter Shannon Briggs in Germany on October 16 His brother Wladimir is preparing for title clash with Samuel Peter on September 11 WBA champion David Haye reportedly in talks for bout with Audley Harrison
CNN  -- Actor Patrick Swayze 's achievements include several feature films such as "  Dirty Dancing " and "  Ghost , " as well as living with advanced pancreatic cancer for longer than most patients . Patrick Swayze died at age 57 of pancreatic cancer . He fought the disease for nearly two years . That Swayze , who died Monday at age 57 , survived nearly two years with the condition is "  quite an accomplishment , " Dr. George Fisher , an oncologist who treated the star at Stanford Hospitals and Clinics , told CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday . Fisher revealed in early March 2008 that the actor was fighting pancreatic cancer . Swayze participated in a clinical trial at Stanford and took an experimental drug there , Fisher said . Fewer than one in four patients who have the disease that has spread outside the pancreas , as Swayze did , are alive a year later , he said . Watch Fisher talk to King about Swayze 's case " "  Patients can survive two years -- even longer , even with standard treatment , " Fisher said . "  It 's just sad that not as many do . " Pancreatic cancer has affected several other prominent figures , including National Collegiate Athletic Association President Myles Brand , who died of the disease Wednesday . Apple Inc. 's Steve Jobs and U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg have also undergone treatment for the disease . The American Cancer Society puts pancreatic cancer as the fourth most common cause of death from cancer in the United States . Lung , colon and breast cancer are the first three . Experts say that about 95 percent of those with pancreatic cancer die from the disease . Symptoms such as abdominal pain , jaundice or sudden weight loss may lead doctors to look for pancreatic cancer , said Dr. Steven Cohen , acting chief for gastrointestinal medical oncology at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Cohen was not involved in Swayze 's care . Doctors say early detection carries a better chance of curing the cancer , but often a patient 's disease is diagnosed after it has spread . CAT scans may detect the disease early , but that does not mean everyone should have a scan with their physical , Fisher said . "  We 're developing algorithms for trying to identify people at risk , and then less invasive ... tests to try to figure out who 's got it and who does n't , " he said . Despite his illness , Swayze went forward with plans to star in A&E network 's "  The Beast . " After the actor responded well to cancer treatment , the network agreed to shoot an entire season of the show . Working on the show while undergoing treatment was "  a great idea , " Fisher said on "  Larry King Live . " "  I had my doubts as to whether he could actually do it or not , and we had many conversations around that fact , " Fisher said . Swayze understood "  how difficult the treatment could be , and he understood how difficult the disease could be . But it 's just like Patrick to just say he 's going to do it and damn it , nobody should get in his way . " "  The Beast " was canceled in June because of Swayze 's illness , after doctors told him the cancer had spread to his liver . For pancreatic cancer patients , doctors are not as concerned with what happens with the pancreas as they are with how the disease spreads elsewhere , often to the liver or abdominal cavity , Cohen said . Failure of other organs that the cancer affects may ultimately cause death . Swayze 's participation in the Stanford clinical trial is an important take-away point , Cohen said . Only about 5 percent of cancer patients participate in clinical trials , he said . "  Particularly for a disease like pancreatic cancer , where the standard treatments help some patients but not the majority , the ability to look at new treatments that are promising in the context and controlled setting of clinical trials , I think , is really important , " he said . Dozens of drugs are in development or being tested in trials for pancreatic cancer , Cohen said . One such medication is paclitaxel , which is currently only approved for breast cancer but has shown promise experimentally in pancreatic tumors , he said . Cohen said he and his colleagues encourage patients to continue their daily activities and live their lives normally as best they can while undergoing treatment . A chemotherapy drug commonly used in patients , called gemcitabine , does not have the harsh symptoms of nausea , vomiting and hair loss seen in other cancer drugs . But sometimes , patients are too ill from their underlying cancer to do much , he said . "  Toward the end , they can get increasing abdominal pain , nausea , loss of appetite , very low energy , sort of a wasting syndrome , and there , a lot of patients just do n't feel up to do anything , " he said .	Patrick Swayze battled pancreatic cancer for nearly two years About 95 percent of those with pancreatic cancer die from it , experts say Dozens of drugs are in development or being tested in trials for the disease Doctors encourage patients to try to live their lives normally while in treatment
CNN  -- WhatsApp , the globally popular texting app that Facebook just acquired for a whopping $ 19 billion , is adding phone calls to its list of services . At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , WhatsApp CEO Jan Koum said the voice service will be free and begin rolling out to users within the next few months . Currently , WhatsApp offers unlimited text and voice-mail messages between users . Its service is free for the first year , then costs 99 cents annually . "  We want to make sure people always have the ability to stay in touch with their friends and loved ones really affordably , " Koum said in a speech at Mobile World Congress . As reported by multiple news outlets , Koum also announced that WhatsApp now has 465 million monthly users and 330 million daily users . The latter is 15 million more than what was made public last week when Facebook announced the purchase . Voice service will come first to Apple devices and Google 's Android operating system , with Windows phones and Blackberry to follow . The move puts WhatsApp in competition not only with other messaging apps that offer voice but chat tools such as Skype and even mobile carriers . WhatsApp 's unlimited texting has already helped establish it in places where smartphones and fancy data plans are less common . It has 40 million users in India and another 38 million in Brazil , two countries highly coveted by tech companies such as Facebook for their large populations and emerging mobile customer base . WhatsApp has n't released figures for the United States , where it is less popular . Last week , Facebook shocked the business world when it announced it was buying WhatsApp for up to $ 19 billion in cash and stock -- by far the social network 's largest acquisition to date .	Facebook bought popular texting service WhatsApp last week WhatsApp adding voice calls to its messaging service CEO announces the plan at Mobile World Congress in Spain
CNN  -- News International , publisher of the now-defunct News of the World newspaper in Great Britain , has agreed to pay 2 million British pounds -- the equivalent of $ 3.2 million -- to the family of British teen Milly Dowler , who disappeared in 2002 and was later found dead . Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of chief executive of News Corporation , the parent company of News International , personally apologized to Dowler 's family in July amid allegations that News of the World journalists listened to voice-mail messages on the girl 's phone while she was missing . "  As the founder of the company , I was appalled to find out what happened , " Murdoch said after speaking with the family in July . Allegations that journalists hacked into the girl 's voice-mail were part of a larger phone-hacking scandal that rocked Britain this year , prompting several arrests , resignations and hearings in Parliament . As part of the settlement , announced Friday by News International and the Dowler family , Murdoch will pay 1 million British pounds -- about $ 1.6 million -- to charities chosen by the Dowler family . Those charities "  represent causes close to Milly and those that provide support to other victims of crime , " in a statement that News International and the Dowler family issued Friday . Milly Dowler was 13 when she disappeared . "  Nothing that has been agreed will ever bring back Milly or undo the traumas of her disappearance and the horrendous murder trial earlier this year , " the Dowler family said in a statement . "  The only way that a fitting tribute could be agreed was to ensure that a very substantial donation to charity was made in Milly 's memory . We hope that projects will be undertaken so that some good can come from this . " Murdoch apologized again Friday for News of the World 's actions . "  The behaviour that the News of the World exhibited towards the Dowlers was abhorrent and I hope this donation underscores my regret for the company 's role in this awful event , " he said in the statement . "  I also hope that through the personal donation something positive can be done in memory of their daughter . "	NEW : Milly Dowler 's family hopes "  some good " comes out of settlement NEW : Rupert Murdoch says News of the World 's behavior was "  abhorrent " Rupert Murdoch agrees to donate to charities chosen by girl 's family A phone-hacking scandal rocked Britain
Basma Jandali spent days consumed with fear . Her brother was stranded in the Syrian city of Homs , where government forces have killed hundreds of people this week . She did n't know he was alive until they spoke Friday . "  I feel relieved now , " she said . Her brother is one of the lucky ones . Several hundred thousand people remain in Homs , a city suddenly peppered with snipers and surrounded by soldiers . Syrian forces unleashed an assault this week that has destroyed clinics and homes . It has dramatically altered the rhythm of everyday life . Parents keep their kids at home , afraid to send them to school . They get food from activists delivering flour and sugar at night . Those who do venture out use street smarts -- doctors make rounds at night , for example , jumping walls to avoid checkpoints . People have a tough time getting soap , toothbrushes , shampoo , and medications . "  The simple act of opening your door could be the last thing you do in your life , " said Dima Moussa , an attorney in Chicago and Syrian activist who opposes the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . The Syrian government blames the 11-month-old nationwide uprising on terrorist groups . Video images from citizen journalists and accounts relayed to the outside world by phone suggest otherwise . Mohamad al Homsy , an activist from Homs who fled to Turkey before coming to the United States , said he gets a sense of the danger and desperation in Homs in phone calls home . His wife told him that their 6-year-old daughter in Homs has nightmares from the sounds of bombing . She told him the girl drew a picture with crayons of the family , a tank , and a fire . "  Can you imagine kids drawing this instead of the tree ? " al Homsy said . "  That made me so angry . " Malaz Alatassi , a doctor who lived in Homs before moving to Detroit , said friends and family tell him it 's hard to go out and buy or find supplies , like bread or heating oil . "  If you look out the window , you risk being shot , " he said . Smugglers and activists wait until night to deliver flour , sugar and medicine to people huddled in fear at home , he and al Homsy said . "  That 's risky , " Alatassi said . "  There are reports that many of those people are killed . " Businesses have closed . Government employees work on and off . Along with a breakdown of medical care , there 's no psychiatric help for stress , Alatassi said . Many people read the Quran or the Bible , Jandali said . Most Syrians are Muslim . About 1 in 10 are Christian . "  The only thing they do is pray , " said Jandali , who lives in New Jersey "  That is the only thing available to them . " Fear pervades life in other parts of Syria , too . "  We all have martyrs and injuries in our families , " said Abu Omar , who lives in the southern Syrian province of Quneitra . Because of that , he said , "  we can all relate to each other . " Gas and food are hard to find , he said . Medicine is scarce . Hospitals have little equipment -- and what they do have is old . "  People depend on each other and help each other with simple medicine , " Omar said . Relatives have lost track of each other in the chaos that has engulfed Syria for nearly a year . "  I have n't seen my mother for a month and a half even though she lives about seven or eight kilometers away , " Omar said . Yasmeen , an activist in the West , said most of her relatives in Syria dropped out of school and left their jobs . She recounts tales of regime forces using violence to bring the opposition to its knees . Thugs attacked and pummeled a cousin involved in the protest movement , she said , and his dad was arrested and beaten , as well . She 's heard of people who died after burning wood at home to keep warm -- they had no other fuel to use . Aside from the shelling and gunfire , she said , a lack of money and health care is taking a toll , too . "  A lot of people die , " she said .	Everyday life in Syria is a struggle "  Opening your door could be the last thing you do in your life , " an activist says One child has nightmares , draws picture of a tank , a fire and her family People suffer from shortages of food and medications
CNN  Washington -- The nationwide retail pharmacy chain CVS has agreed to pay the federal and several state governments more than $ 17 million to settle claims the pharmacy overcharged Medicaid . CVS , with 7,000 pharmacies in 41 states , allegedly submitted inflated prescription claims in 10 states . The case against CVS was originally brought by a CVS whistleblower pharmacist in Minnesota . The government said that pharmacist will receive more than $ 2.5 million , which will come from what the states and the federal government recover from CVS . The federal government will receive nearly $ 8 million , and the 10 states will receive a total of $ 9.5 million . Those states are California , Florida , Indiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Hampshire , Nevada , Rhode Island , Alabama and Minnesota . Officials said CVS was paid a higher amount by Medicaid than it would have been paid if the company had followed correct billing procedures and submitted the claims to third-party insurers . "  Medicaid covers the poorest , most vulnerable people in American society . This needed government program for prescriptions is a disservice to everyone and wo n't be tolerated , " said Daniel Levinson , inspector general of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . CVS issued no immediate comment , but the Justice Department said the retailer agreed to three years of government monitoring as it implements correct billing procedures .	Pharmacy chain accused of inflating prescription claims in 10 states Case was brought by a whistleblower pharmacist , who will get more than $ 2.5 million States will receive a total of $ 9.5 million ; federal government to get nearly $ 8 million Justice Department says CVS has agreed to monitoring as it corrects its billing procedures
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Robin Thicke 's summertime hit "  Blurred Lines " is an illegal rip-off of Marvin Gaye 's "  Got to Give It Up , " Gaye 's children claim in court documents filed Wednesday . Fans , journalists and music experts immediately recognized similarities between Gaye 's 1977 hit and the 2013 's summertime smash , Gaye 's heirs contend . The controversy is a high-stakes legal fight involving an alleged conflict of interest with Sony-ATV , the music publisher half-owned by Michael Jackson 's estate . Gaye 's heirs not only accuse Thicke and "  Blurred Lines " co-writers Pharrell Williams and "  T.I. " Clifford Harris Jr. of copying Gaye 's song , but they also contend Sony-ATV failed to meet its responsibility to protect the copyright . The Gaye family contracted with Sony-ATV after the singer-songwriter 's death to administer his music catalog , but it also represents Williams ' songs , according to a counterclaim filed Wednesday in response to a lawsuit filed by Thicke , Williams and Harris . The publisher , however , refused to sue the "  Blurred Lines " writers when the family asked them to do so , the Gaye 's lawyer said . As a result they "  reluctantly " included Sony-ATV as a defendant in their counterclaim , he said . The "  Blurred Lines " writers filed their pre-emptive lawsuit in August asking a federal judge to declare that their song was not a copyright infringement on Gaye 's work amid public rumblings about the similarities . Thicke 's inital lawsuit contends there are "  no similarities " between his song and Gaye 's "  other than commonplace musical elements " "  Being reminiscent of a ` sound ' is not copyright infringement , " his complaint argues . The Gaye family counterclaim includes Thicke quotes from an interview with Billboard Magazine published in July . "  Pharrell and I were in the studio making a couple records , and then on the third day I told him I wanted to do something kinda like Marvin Gaye 's ` Got To Give It Up , ' that kind of feel 'cause it 's one of my favorite songs of all time , " Thicke reportedly said . "  So he started messing with some drums and then he started going ` hey , hey , hey ' and about an hour and a half later we had the whole record finished . "  Who owns happy birthday ? Lawsuit seeks return of millions The filing also quotes what music journalist wrote about the two songs . New York Times writer Rob Hoerburger : "  And that bass line came right from Marvin Gaye 's No. 1 hit from the summer of ' 77 , ` Got to Give It Up ' . " Rolling Stone magazine contributor David Ritz : "  When I first heard Robin Thicke 's ` Blurred Lines , ' my reaction was the same as millions of other R&B fans : Hey , that 's Marvin Gaye 's ` Got to Give It Up . ' " Vice magazine music critic Paul Cantor : "  You probably do n't feel guilty for liking ` Blurred Lines . ' Maybe that 's because it was originally a Marvin Gaye song  "  Got To Give It Up "  and Marvin Gaye is ... awesome . " The filing by the heirs also includes a report from musicologist Judith Finell , who identified a "  constellation of at least eight substantially similar compositional features between the two works . " "  The signature phrase , vocal hook , backup vocal hook , their variations , and the keyboard and bass lines " are substantially similar and they share "  departures from convention such as the unusual cowbell instrumentation , omission of guitar and use of male falsetto , " it said . Gaye 's heirs also accuse Thicke of stealing from their father 's 1976 hit "  After the Dance " when he recorded "  Love After War " in 2011 . Those tunes "  contain substantially similar compositional material in their choruses , including the melodies of their hooks , " the Gaye filing contends . The family suggests that Thicke has a "  Marvin Gaye fixation . " "  Blurred Lines " stayed at the top of Billboard 's pop chart for a record 16 weeks this summer and sold more than 6 million copies , according to court documents . ` To Kill a Mockingbird ' novelist sues over trademark CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Gaye family also contends Thicke 's "  Love After War " copied Gaye 's "  After the Dance " Robin Thicke , Pharrell Williams and rapper T.I. recorded the summer smash Musicologist report identified eight similarities in the two songs , counterclaims says Family suggest Thicke has "  Marvin Gaye fixation "
Mashable  -- The patent war between Facebook and Yahoo may be only just starting . A new report says Facebook has acquired 750 patents from computer-systems giant IBM . The news comes shortly after Yahoo sued Facebook for patent infringement over 10 of its software patents . A "  person with knowledge of the transaction " tipped the news to Bloomberg Businessweek , though the deal has n't been made public yet . Compared to other tech companies , Facebook 's arsenal of patents is rather meager : The company has just 56 patents compared with the thousands stockpiled by the likes of Microsoft and Apple . However , the report says , Facebook has applied to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for at least 500 more . Apparently it did n't want to wait for those to be approved and chose to take a shortcut in stocking up its patent portfolio . The lawsuit from Yahoo , which has recently had a wholesale change in management and is expected to announce layoffs , likely provided the motivation . See also : Tech industry scorns Yahoo over Facebook patent suit Many tech companies are now using patents strategically to both generate revenue and discourage competition . For example , Google licenses many patents from Microsoft in the making of the Android platform , which provides a steady cash flow for Microsoft . In other cases , such as the many patent lawsuits between Apple and Samsung , patents are used to shut competitors out of entire regions  though that 's rarely the outcome  . IBM has been friendly in selling patents to younger tech companies in the past . In January , Google bought 217 patents from the IBM , including one for a "  semantic social network . " Reps from Facebook did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . An IBM rep declined comment . What do you think of Facebook 's patent grab ? Share your thoughts in the comments . See the original article on Mashable  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A report says Facebook has acquired 750 patents from computer-systems giant IBM Facebook has just 56 patents compared with the thousands stockpiled by the likes of Apple Many tech companies are using patents to generate revenue and discourage competition
With the intent of undermining the market for illegal drugs , Uruguay 's government presented a bill to lawmakers that would legalize marijuana under a government monopoly . The government of President Jose Mujica has argued that the war on drugs has failed , and that separating the market for marijuana from the market for harder drugs will have social and health benefits . The bill was presented to congress on Wednesday , and includes no details of how legalization would be cultivated , regulated or sold . But it makes it clear that the government would be the sole manager of the "  importation , production , acquisition ... commercialization and distribution of marijuana or its derivatives . " The idea was first announced in June , and at the time there were reports that such a law would require onerous identification and tracking requirements that consumers would object to . Read more about how Brazil is fighting the war on drugs The bill does not mention any requirements , presumably leaving it up to the congress to fill in the details . Diego Canepa , pro-secretary of the presidency , said that current laws criminalizing the private sale of marijuana would remain in place , and campaigns warning of dangers of drug use would continue . "  No one is saying that marijuana is good . What is happening is that the foundation of the type of policy that we have followed for more than 50 years in this country have not had the expected results , and the worst thing that can happen to public policy is to not act when the evidence shows that persisting on the same path will not obtain different results , " he said . Consumption of marijuana is already legal in Uruguay , Canepa said . If passed , the law would make Uruguay the first country to produce and sell marijuana to its citizens . While the bill itself was short on details of how such a system would actually work , it was accompanied by a 12-page letter that carefully laid out the argument for passage of the bill . The goal is to create a government-run market that would "  contribute to the reduction of risks and potential dangers that people who use marijuana for recreation or medical reasons face . " Read : Is Puerto rico the forgotten front in America 's drug war ? Marijuana users put themselves in dangerous situations in the course of acquiring the substance , and expose themselves to other drugs that are more addictive and dangerous , the letter states . The letter traces the history of drug use to pre-Columbian times , but focuses on the drug war of the last 50 years . The war on drugs has failed and had consequences that are worse than the drugs themselves , the letter states . As evidence , the Uruguayan government points to a report last year by the Global Commission on Drugs , a body made up of several former presidents and other luminaries , who concluded that the war on drugs has failed to accomplish the goals it set . Uruguay will not abandon its policy of combating drugs , but will do so through education of the harmful effects , rather than criminalization for marijuana , the letter states . Marijuana is the most commonly used illegal substance in Uruguay , and drug traffickers net $ 30-40 million annual from the black market , the government said .	The Uruguayan government presented lawmakers with a bill this week It would allow the government to control and sell marijuana The bill did not specify how such a system would work
EW  -- Cue the faux-surprise . Female-targeted films "  A Fault in Our Stars " and "  Maleficent " wiped the floor with the competition , forcing Tom Cruise 's more teenage boy-friendly "  Edge of Tomorrow " into a third-spot opening . Women made up a staggering 82 percent of the opening-weekend audience for the adaptation of John Green 's YA novel about teenage cancer patients -- comparatively , "  Twilight 's " initial audience was only 75 percent female . The film made $ 48.2 million , vaulting it alongside "  Love Story " in the firmament of emotionally and financially resonant weepies . That 's less than the $ 56 million "  Divergent " made its first three days out , but that other Shailene Woodley-starring YA adaptation cost a whole lot more . Of course , "  Fault 's " success will probably level out in the coming weeks once the film 's steadfast fanbase decides that their eighth bawl-filled screening is enough .  It was a 52 percent drop from Friday to Saturday alone .  But even considering just this weekend , the adaptation is an unqualified success for Fox and stands as more not-quite-shocking evidence that when you target movies at a demographic that 's typically underserved -- particularly in the summer months -- you can reap pretty big dividends . Especially when that demographic represents half of the world 's population . ` The Fault in Our Stars ' : Are those tears of joy , critics ? Another female-driven success , "  Maleficent , " dropped only 52 percent to snag second place with $ 33.5 million . With a two-week total of $ 127.4 million , the film is lagging behind other CG-heavy Disney reboots like "  Alice in Wonderland " and "  Oz : The Great and Powerful , " both of which featured "  Maleficent " director Robert Stromberg as their production designer . But with a strong international gross and still yet to open in the major Asian markets , the Jolie-starring fairy tale looks to be headed for a more-than-comfy global total somewhere in the half-a-billion range . Despite good reviews and Cruise 's 100-watt smirk , the sci-fi action flick "  Edge of Tomorrow " disappointed with $ 29.1 million , $ 8 million less than the similarly packaged "  Oblivion " did last year . Directed by Doug Liman , the film stars Cruise as a PR flunkey-turned-soldier who finds himself rebooting every time he dies . But even if Cruise ca n't outsprint a pair of young cancer victims to the top of the U.S. box office , he can still flex his Hollywood appeal overseas where "  Edge " took the No. 1 spot with a much healthier $ 82 million . ` Edge of Tomorrow ' : A new day for Tom Cruise ? "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " raked in another $ 14.7 million to make its total $ 189.1 million . In a superhero super-brawl , this means that "  X-Men " will almost definitely end up making more than "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , " but it 'll have to work pretty hard to top "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier . " Meanwhile Seth MacFarlane 's "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " continues to flounder after it had a hard time getting its gun out of the holster its first weekend . There were tumbleweeds in the movie theaters this week too , and its second-weekend gross of $ 7.2 million brings its total to a meager $ 30.1 million . It appears there is n't much gold in them thar hills . 1 . "  The Fault in Our Stars " -- $ 48.2 million 2 . "  Maleficent " -- $ 33.5 million 3 . "  Edge of Tomorrow " -- $ 29.1 million 4 . "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " -- $ 14.7 million 5 . "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " -- $ 7.2 million See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Fault In Our Stars " earned $ 48.2 million its first weekend "  Maleficent " came in at No. 2 Tom Cruise 's sci-fi flick "  Edge of Tomorrow " faltered and opened at No. 3
SILVER SPRING , Maryland  CNN  -- Thomas Cuddy enlisted in the U.S. Army 28 years ago , but he 's facing his greatest battle now that he 's out . Retired veteran Thomas Cuddy is so weakened by ALS that he often ca n't catch himself when he slips . Cuddy spends most of his days in his small apartment in Silver Spring , Maryland , reading on his couch , and working at his computer . He leaves only when it is absolutely necessary ; the trek down the three flights of stairs is exhausting and dangerous . He slips easily , and he does not have the strength to catch himself . Thomas suffers from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , ALS , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease , after the legendary baseball star who lent his name to the mysterious illness over 60 years ago . His doctors have told him to stop working but he can not afford to , so he works when his body will let him . He is able to work from home most days -- he 's a community relations officer , command speechwriter and medical publications reviewer based at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . But as typing becomes an increasingly strenuous chore , even this will become too much to bear . Thomas hopes this day comes later rather than sooner . Sitting idly is not is his nature , but ever so slightly , that is changing . "  This is a disease where ... one day you wake up and you can walk , and the next day you ca n't , " he says . "  And once you lose it , you can never get it back . " ALS is a progressive disease that attacks neurons in the brain , eventually leading to total paralysis . It affects 20,000 to 30,000 Americans at any given time , according to the ALS Association . It can take up to 10 years to fully develop , but by the time it is diagnosed , it is usually fatal within two to five years . ALS was first classified as a disease in 1869 , yet there are still few clues as to its cause . Researchers are just as far from finding an effective treatment or cure . In fact , just one drug has been approved by the FDA to treat ALS , and has been proved only to extend life by a few months . "  They have no idea what is happening to us . I 'm taking it one day at a time , " Thomas says . Thomas has found that many of his brothers suffer from the illness as well -- his fellow veterans , that is . "  There have been recent studies that have been proven that if you are a veteran , your chances of developing ALS are double that of anyone else , " Thomas says . Dr. Mark Weisskopf , an assistant professor at the Harvard School of Public Health , said that doctors took notice as a large number of veterans of the first Gulf War began to report "  non-specific neurological conditions . " Several subsequent studies published in the last decade have established an increased rate of ALS among Gulf War veterans . Weisskopf was co-author of a study in 2005 that found that men with any history of military service are about 60 percent more likely to develop ALS than men who did not serve in the military . He concluded that "  the branch , length of service , and where you served did n't seem to matter . " The cause of this connection is still unknown . Weisskopf says that there may be an environmental trigger , but due to the immensity of potential exposures to which military personnel are subjected , no one has been able to pinpoint exactly what that trigger might be . For men who are trained to fight for their lives , this disease is perhaps the ultimate torture . "  The way we are in the military , if you show us an enemy , we 'll defeat it , "  Thomas says . "  It 's really hard to identify what you 're fighting . I 'm just fighting to stay alive . " The Department of Veterans Affairs established ALS as a service-connected disease on September 23 , 2008 . This acknowledgment gives veterans suffering from ALS access to much-needed benefits such as health care , disability compensation , and many other essential support systems . While it may seem as if the VA has moved slowly in reacting to these studies , Weisskopf notes that there is still a lot that is unknown about the connection between ALS and military service . "  In that regard , I commend the VA in taking this step before many scientists are fully convinced , " Weisskopf says . Nonetheless , for those suffering from ALS , navigating the vast bureaucracy at the VA can be an exasperating process . Veterans such as Thomas find themselves in the helpless position of watching their disease advance at a much faster pace than their paperwork . When he filed for disability last March , Thomas was told that his request could take up to a year to be approved -- if it is approved . For now he waits . Despite his deteriorating condition , Thomas has chosen to remain positive . Each day , he carefully gets out of bed and tests his legs , hopeful that he is able to walk for one more day . He is all too aware that he will wake up one day soon and his limbs will no longer work . Someday , he will lose the ability to talk , and eventually , he will stop breathing . But today , he can do all of these things , and he is grateful . "  What I do all day long , is I tell myself in six months , I will probably be in much worse condition , and in six months I would give anything to be where I am today , " he says . "  So today I 'm happy with what I have . "	ALS , a progressive disease , attacks brain neurons leading to total paralysis It affects 20,000 to 30,000 Americans at any one time but vets have twice the risk The VA listed ALS as a service-connected disease on September 23 , 2008 Retired vet Thomas Cuddy navigates VA bureaucracy as his disease progresses
CNN  -- One of the most widely read authors of recent times , Brazilian-born novelist Paulo Coelho talks exclusively to CNN about what Brazil means to him . Born and raised in Rio de Janeiro , the best-selling author of "  The Alchemist " dreamt of becoming a writer from an early age , but was stifled by his parents , who insisted he follow his father 's footsteps and become an engineer . But only a year into his studies the adventurous young Brazilian had dropped out , and by the 1970s had made a name for himself in Brazil 's politically infused artistic movement , becoming a successful songwriter and co-creator of the controversial comic strip "  Kring-ha . " However , his messages were viewed as left-wing and dangerous : Coelho was branded a "  subversive " by Brazil 's then-ruling military government and was arrested and tortured . The experience had a strong affect on the writer and by the 1980s , Coelho had abandoned his artistic lifestyle and settled down . However , his passion for writing continued and after a few unsuccessful first starts , Coelho hit major success with his 1988 novel , "  The Alchemist . " Initially only given a small print run , the book eventually became a global bestseller , garnering numerous literary awards -- translated into 67 languages and edited in more than 150 countries . Now a household name , the novelist and United Nations messenger for peace talks to CNN about what he loves most about his country . CNN : What does Brazil mean to you ? Paulo Coelho : Brazil is my way to see the world . Being born in that country means : "  you do n't have a wall separating the physical reality from the magical reality . " Therefore , since my childhood I learned that to understand the world we need to go further and take the risks of sailing in unknown seas . CNN : What do you like most about Brazil today ? PC : My people . Hard working , filled with fun and enthusiasm , understanding that if hope exists , there is room for everything else . CNN : Where are your favorite places to go in Brazil ? PC : There are many , so I need to single out just one : Copacabana Beach , in Rio de Janeiro , where I live . Every hour I go to the window and look to all the transformations that a day may bring -- the light , people walking , vendors etc. . And then I smell the sea , and this smell takes me to a beautiful place inside of my soul . CNN : What are your fondest memories of Brazil ? PC : Every single day that I spend here . My childhood and its innocence , my teenager period and its rebellion , my young adult years and the freedom to believe that everything was changing , my adult years -- fighting for my dream of being a writer , and having the help of my friends . CNN : How has Brazil changed in your lifetime ? PC : Most of my young years were spent under the boots of the military . I was arrested three times and tortured once . Little by little the political situation changed -- and this was the most important change of my lifetime . Yesterday we thought we were just instruments of a most powerful game , beyond our control . Today we are proud of being Brazilians . CNN : What does the future hold for Brazil ? PC : I do n't know . But as a Brazilian poet said : "  Do n't lose your hope in difficult times : God was born in Brazil " .	The best-selling author of "  The Alchemist " was born and raised in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil His favorite place is Copacabana Beach , Rio de Janeiro , where he currently lives Having survived Brazil 's military dictatorship Coelho is proud of his country 's transformation
London , England  CNN  -- Police in London have reached a settlement with the family of Jean Charles de Menezes , whom officers shot dead in 2005 , mistaking him for a suicide bomber . The police offered "  a further unreserved apology " for the death of de Menezes in 2005 , plus an undisclosed compensation package , the police and the de Menezes family said in a joint statement . "  All litigation between them arising out of the tragic death of Jean Charles de Menezes has been resolved , " the statement added . De Menezes was killed on a London Underground train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on the London transport system on July 7 , 2005 . The controversial shooting of the unarmed Brazilian man sparked a number of investigations , including one that found police acted illegally . A jury found in 2007 that London 's Metropolitan Police Service broke health and safety laws in the shooting . It did not examine the cause of death . Jurors at a 2008 inquest found that the police who shot de Menezes did not shout a warning before firing at him . They also found that de Menezes did not advance toward armed officers on the subway train , which would have given them a reason to shoot . But the coroner at the inquest , who acted as the judge , had told the jury members they could not return a verdict of unlawful killing . They returned an open verdict in the case , meaning the jury was unable to establish a cause of death . De Menezes ' family called the proceedings a "  whitewash " because jurors were not allowed to consider a verdict of unlawful killing . De Menezes was killed July 22 , 2005 , a day after four failed bombings aboard the London transit system . Two weeks earlier , four suicide bombers blew apart three London subway trains and a bus , killing 52 people and wounding 977 . The city was on edge as police sought the four failed bombers . Officers staking out a home in south London saw and followed de Menezes , 27 , believing he was one of the suspects . They trailed him as he traveled on a bus and into a subway station , where they chased him onto the platform and into a train , and shot him dead . The Independent Police Complaints Commission concluded in 2007 that de Menezes was innocent of anything that might have justified police action . "  We made a most terrible mistake , " Acting Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson said at the time , adding police needed to learn from the incident . "  I am sorry . " The shooting was one of several issues that led to the resignation last year of Police Commissioner Ian Blair . CNN 's Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report .	UK police reach settlement with family of Jean Charles de Menezes , whom police shot dead in 2005 Officers mistook de Menezes for suicide bomber He was killed on Tube train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on London transport system
CNN  -- Pole vault legend Yelena Isinbayeva has announced that she is taking a break from athletics following her poor performance at last month 's world indoor championships in Qatar . The 27-year-old Russian failed to register a height in last year 's worlds in Berlin and she followed that up with a fourth-placed finish in Doha , prompting her to make her decision . In a statement on her official Web site , the reigning Olympic champion revealed that she believes her body is telling her to rest . "  I have been thinking over this very carefully for the last three weeks and have now come to the conclusion that a break from competing is absolutely necessary for me . "  After more than eight years of hard training and competing at the highest levels , indoors and outdoors each year , I need to step back in order for my body to properly recover . " Isinbayeva added . "  It is my full intention to continue training and keep myself fit . At this moment I can not exactly say when I will return to competitions but I have not completely ruled out the entire summer circuit or the European Championships in Barcelona . "  Nothing has changed with my long-term goals which include the 2011 and 2013 world championships and the Olympic gold in London 2012 . "	Yelena Isinbayeva has announced that she is taking a break from the pole vault The decision comes after her poor display at the world indoor championships last month The 27-year-old Olympic champion insists she will return to the sport in due course
Washington  CNN  -- A federal watchdog took a bite out of military hospitals this month , warning it is impossible to tell if some doctors are licensed , properly trained and evaluated in their specialties . "  Army oversight and physician credentialing and privileging requirements were not sufficient to assure that MTFs  Medical Treatment Facilities  fully complied with existing requirements or completely documented information needed to support credentialing and privileging decisions , " said the new General Accountability Office report . "  Specifically , Army Medical Command 's oversight of individual MTFs ' reviews of physicians ' applications for privileges was insufficient to identify the instances of noncompliance and incomplete documentation , " the report added . In some cases the military had failed to check properly on the legitimacy of doctors ' licenses to practice medicine , the report alleged . "  Some credentials files we reviewed lacked complete documentation to show that MTFs had primary source verified all of the physician 's state medical licenses , including seven instances involving a physician 's only active medical license , " the report says . Primary source verification of credentials means they are verified with a specific credential 's source . Congress called for the report in the aftermath of the Fort Hood , Texas , shooting in November 2009 , for which an Army psychiatrist is charged with 13 murders . Congress and the military have examined how Maj. Nidal Hasan was trained , evaluated and promoted as a military physician . Nine military officials , including doctors , were disciplined for their actions or failures in the Hasan case . He faces a court-martial , with a possible death penalty , in March . The GAO report cast a wider net and urged the Defense Department to speed up its efforts to revise and standardize reviews of doctors ' credentials . And it singles out the Army for problems at its facilities . "  Based on our review of 150 credentials files at the five Army MTFs we selected for our review , we found that none of the five Army MTFs fully complied with certain Army physician credentialing and privileging requirements , " the GAO report said . "  Specifically , we found that the selected MTFs did not fully comply with the Army 's requirement to primary source verify all state medical licenses at the time of privileging and at renewal . " In a response included in the report , Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs Dr. Jonathan Woodson wrote the department is progressing with standardization and centralization of credential files and improving how doctors can apply for and renew privileges to practice at military hospitals . But the military warned that its centralized system would be delayed "  without adequate funding . " The report cited over-reliance of so-called peer reviews , especially in cases where coworkers might have only a limited familiarity with a doctor . "  In one file we reviewed , both peer recommendations were from individuals who indicated they had limited knowledge of the physician 's clinical competence , " the report says . "  The department chief later told us that this physician was terminated within the first three months due to issues with the physician 's competence and professionalism . " In another instance , a doctor had problems with errors in prescriptions , above what the hospital allowed . However , this was not reflected in the doctor 's file . And the physician 's department chief "  was not aware of the negative prescription days but was ` not at all surprised ' because there were current concerns about this physician , " the report said .	Congress called for the General Accountability Office report after the Fort Hood shootings The report urges the Defense Department to speed efforts to revise the review process The military says its centralized system will be delayed without adequate funding
CNN  -- Self-confessed BlackBerry addict President Barack Obama may not have to kick the thumbing habit after all , despite the concerns of a notoriously technophobic White House . Obama was a self-confessed BlackBerry addict during his White House campaign . "  The president has a BlackBerry , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday , clearing up weeks of speculation about whether President Obama would be able to hold on to a cherished method of communicating . The decision to allow Obama to keep a smartphone is "  a compromise that allows him to stay in touch with senior staff and a small group of personal friends , " Gibbs told the media in his first press conference since the inauguration . "  Use will be limited and the security is enhanced to ensure his ability to communicate but to do so effectively , " Gibbs also said . "  And to do so in a way that is protected . " The press secretary refused to provide more details about the new president 's device , already being called the "  BarackBerry . " Watch CNN 's Errol Barnett reports on the president 's new phone " Obama was often seen hunched over the mobile e-mail cell phone device during his election campaign and even featured at No. 2 on one celebrity Web site 's list of obsessive BlackBerry users . But , like previous Oval Office incumbents , Obama had been expected to take a vow of technological celibacy following his inaugural oath on Tuesday , despite telling CNBC in an interview that security officials would have to "  pry it out of my hands . " He said a mobile device would help him stay in touch with the real world . Should President Obama be allowed to keep his BlackBerry ? Tell us what you think E-mail has long been treated with suspicion by the Secret Service because of fears it could be hacked into by foreign espionage agencies , or that sensitive information could reach the public domain via a single mistaken strike of the "  send " key . President George W. Bush was forced to give up using e-mail when he took charge , while President Bill Clinton sent just two e-mails during his administration -- one to test that the system worked and the second to veteran astronaut John Glenn before his trip into space in 1998 . There are also concerns that mobile devices such as the BlackBerry , which contain built-in GPS technology , could be hacked , revealing the president 's location within a few feet . But according to reports Thursday , Obama may actually have been issued a spy-proof alternative to his favorite toy . Writing on his blog for the Atlantic magazine , Marc Ambinder reports that the National Security Agency has approved a $ 3,350 smartphone -- inevitably dubbed the "  BarackBerry " -- for Obama 's use . The exclusive Sectera Edge , made by General Dynamics , is reportedly capable of encrypting top secret voice conversations and handling classified documents . But Obama may have pushed his Secret Service handlers ' technological patience far enough . Ambinder also reports that instant messaging in the White House will still be a definite no-no . CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	Report : Security officials approve $ 3,350 smartphone for Barack Obama Obama was an inveterate BlackBerry user during his campaign Security concerns that e-mail could be hacked , or GPS used to locate president Phone capable of encrypting voice conversations , handling classified documents
Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Critics and supporters of the Obama administration alike , others concerned foremost about national security , the so-called whistle-blowers of WikiLeaks , and both U.S. allies and enemies believe the released diplomatic documents contain significant revelations about U.S. foreign policy . But is this perception accurate ? This convergence of opinion from such conflicting groups is based on the premise that a document stands on its own . Read a memo , and you have the whole story . But if historians and other scholars believed raw data mean nothing more than what appears on the page , they would have little need to write analyses creating or challenging conventional wisdom , nor would they need to spend long shifts in archives poring over aging documents . In fact , revisionism of any sort would be unnecessary unless , of course , new documents emerged . The influence of social forces , economic interests , history , bureaucracy and the many other factors responsible for shaping information would be relegated to the margins or unconsidered . WikiLeaks and The New York Times , among others , claim they must analyze documents before publishing them to determine which names and facts to redact and how much context to provide . This is not how historians practice their craft , and the absence of careful analysis may prove to be as harmful to national security as the revelation of sensitive material . Historical analysis cautions against accepting a single document as a smoking gun . It compels the investigator to study primary and secondary sources , and it is a reminder that what is left unstated in a document may be far more revealing than what is stated . I confronted this when I delved into the private papers of President Reagan nearly 15 years ago . Nancy Reagan gave me access to her husband 's papers on the end of the Cold War , but that research took a sharp detour when I discovered thousands of pages of Reagan 's handwritten drafts covering more than 70 years of his life . Before the publication of my co-authored books on Reagan 's writings , it was not widely known that the 40th president wrote thousands of letters throughout his life . One letter , written in November 1986 , illustrates the importance of historical context . Frustrated by accounts in the press , Reagan wrote to William Rusher , then publisher of the National Review : "  I 'm really upset by what so many of your contemporaries have done . D -- n it yes we sold them a few spare parts and weapons but the stake was a contact that could give us a chance at a relationship with Iran and we were succeeding . A plus on the -LSB- other -RSB- side was return of three hostages and could have been five if the media had n't blown our cover . " If you read only this letter , unaware that it had already been revealed that the United States had sold arms to Iran in hopes that the Iranian government would cease support for terrorism and thus facilitate the release of U.S. citizens held hostage in Lebanon , and that Reagan had publicly discussed the issue on several occasions , you might see the quote as revelatory . It has significance , but not in the sense of it being news never heard before . Under a mountain of readily available information , we are gradually losing the art of understanding . We face a different kind of threat to national security , perhaps the most dangerous threat of all . The historian 's craft must be part of the public debate about the documents released by WikiLeaks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kiron K. Skinner .	Kiron Skinner says historians know raw data need to be analyzed and put in perspective Primary and secondary sources and historical context must be considered , she writes She says undifferentiated WikiLeaks material does n't make sense without analysis Skinner says jumping to ready conclusions will lead to misunderstandings
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A top coalition general wounded in a suicide attack Saturday in northern Afghanistan -- one that left seven dead and eight others hurt -- said weeks earlier that he 'd charged international troops to "  show Afghans ... respect , " in part to contrast with brazen actions by the likes of the Taliban . The attack in Taloqan occurred at a high-level meeting of Afghan and coalition officials in a governor 's office , a provincial spokesman said . A Taliban spokesman said that the group , whose fight to resume control in Afghanistan has picked up in recent months , was responsible . Maj. Gen. Markus Kneip , a veteran German office and the regional head of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force across nine provinces of northern Afghanistan , is in stable condition after suffering non-life threatening injuries , a German general said . The provinces border Turkmenistan east to China . A soldier since 1975 , Kneip is also senior commander of all German troops in Afghanistan and Uzbekistan , according to a biography on the military alliance 's website . He returned in February to the position , which he also held in 2006 , leading more than 12,000 coalition troops from 16 countries . In an April press briefing coordinated by the U.S. Department of Defense , Kneip said he 'd noticed a "  huge difference " in the coalition commitment to the region compared to five years earlier , saying "  we are doubling and tripling our efforts . " He also spoke of the "  huge burden " placed on coalition troops "  to be careful with their actions " in order to win over Afghans . "  We ask them to follow these rules  to  distinguish our actions from the Taliban , who take advantage of children , who take advantage of children , and put  suicide attackers  in , which is a cruel doing , " Kneip said , according to a transcript of his answers on the U.S. Department of Defense website . The attack came at a meeting , held in the governor 's office in Taloqan , "  to talk about security in this region , especially after the demonstrations in recent days , " German Defense Minister Thomas de Maiziere told reporters . He was referring to a May 18 incident in which German soldiers shot in front of their camp a number of demonstrators -- angry about NATO airstrike that killed four insurgents , including two armed females -- who they allege had become violent . Provincial government spokesman Faiz Mohammad Tawhidi blamed protesters whom he said threw grenades and "  opened fire on protesters and security forces . " Two German soldiers and four Afghan guards were injured during the clashes , according to the German military . "  New trust was to be initiated , " de Maiziere said of Saturday 's meeting . The meeting attendees included high-ranking authorities from the Afghan National Police , the Afghan National Army and ISAF members , said an interior ministry spokesman , Zemaray Bashari . In a telephone interview , Taliban spokesman Zabulliah Mojahed said , "  Our sacrificed mujahedeen targeted the high-ranking Afghan authorities together with the international forces who were attending a security meeting as advisers and they were planning to launch an operation against the Taliban in the north in this meeting . " "  After our mujahedeen found  out  about this meeting , then it was targeted by our suicide bomber , " he told CNN from an unknown location . Two Germans were killed , as was thepolice chief of Takhar province , Shah Jahan Noori ; and the regional police chief , Gen. Dawood Dawood , said Faiz Mohammad Tawhidi , a spokesman for provincial Gov. Abdul Jabar Taqwa . Dawood Dawood was a veteran anti-Soviet and anti-Taliban resistance commander . His roles since the Taliban 's ouster include being one of Afghanistan 's lead point-persons in trying to stifle the production of opium poppies -- from which the drug heroin is made . The governor 's secretary and two guards were also killed , said Qari Sadiqullah , secretary of the provincial council . Most of the wounded suffered burns , he said . Taqwa himself was wounded , his spokesman said.So , too , were three German soldiers , according to de Maiziere . The German general told reporters that Kneip and other commanders had participated Saturday morning in a memorial ceremony for a German soldier who had died Wednesday near Kunduz . ISAF spokesman Rear Adm. Vic Beck condemned what he called "  the senseless murder of these Afghans and coalition members who have fought so hard for the people of Afghanistan . "  ISAF will remain relentless in our support to our Afghan partners to find those responsible and bring them to justice , " he said . The attack came two days after eight U.S. troops died when two improvised explosive devices blew up in Shorabak District , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  south of Kandahar , according to ISAF . That region -- on the opposite end from where Saturday 's attack occurred -- has been the site of a spate of recent violence , after Taliban forces unleashed multiple attacks earlier this month in their so-called spring offensive . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this story .	NEW : High-ranking coalition officer had urged troops to "  show Afghans ... respect " NEW : Maj. Gen. Kneip is head of more than 12,000 coalition troops in northern Afghanistan He was wounded with 8 others , while 7 -- Afghan officials and German troops -- died A provincial governor is also wounded in the attack , which occurred in his building
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- The man who accepted three uncut diamonds from supermodel Naomi Campbell and held them privately for years is stepping down as a trustee of the Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund , the fund said . Jeremy Ractliffe will not run for reelection as a trustee at the end of this month , the fund said Wednesday . He is also resigning immediately as a board member with the U.S. affiliate of the fund , it said . Ractliffe came under international scrutiny in early August when Campbell testified at the trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor . She was asked about reports that Taylor gave her uncut diamonds in 1997 , a story that prosecutors hoped to use as evidence to prove Taylor used "  blood diamonds " to fund a brutal civil war in Sierra Leone . While Campbell said she did n't know whether Taylor was the source of the diamonds , she testified she gave them the next day to Ractliffe , a friend who at the time was the head of the children 's fund . Ractliffe said in a statement afterwards that he kept the diamonds to protect the reputations of both Campbell and the charity . He handed the diamonds over to South African police after Campbell 's testimony . "  Mr. Ractliffe regrets his omission to inform the chairperson , CEO , and the rest of the board of trustees of the NMCF of his receipt of the uncut diamonds until now and acknowledges that had he done so , he and the board could have found a better and lawful way to manage the situation , " the fund said in the statement . "  He has apologised to the chairperson , CEO , the board , and the NMCF for the anxiety and possible reputational risk his conduct may have caused to the NMCF . " Under South African law , the possession of uncut or rough diamonds is restricted to permit-holding producers , cutters , and toolmakers . Any other person who finds or receives unpolished diamonds is required to take them to a police station immediately . "  Mr. Ractliffe has stated that he acted in what he sincerely believed to be in the best interest of the NMCF and its founder and realizes that he has left himself open to possible prosecution , " the fund said in its statement . "  For these reasons , he considers it correct and proper for him not to make himself available for reelection as a trustee . " Conflict or "  blood " diamonds are diamonds that are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas , particularly in central and western Africa , according to the World Diamond Council , which represents the commercial diamond trade . The United Nations defines conflict diamonds as "  diamonds that originate from areas controlled by forces or factions opposed to legitimate and internationally recognized governments , and are used to fund military action in opposition to those governments , or in contravention of the decisions of the Security Council . " They are generally in rough form , meaning they have recently been extracted from the earth and not yet cut . At the height of the civil war in Sierra Leone , it is estimated that conflict diamonds represented approximately four percent of the world 's diamond production .	Jeremy Ractliffe held on to diamonds given to him by Naomi Campbell The diamonds allegedly came from former Liberian President Charles Taylor He handed the diamonds to police earlier this month
The Maldives government has said its hands are tied in the case of a 15-year-old girl sentenced to 100 lashes and eight months house arrest for engaging in premarital sex . The registrar for the Juvenile Court confirmed Wednesday that the sentence had been imposed Tuesday , after the girl confessed during a court hearing to the charge of fornication . "  She 's staying in a children 's home now so we have ordered her to remain in a children 's home , " registrar Zaima Nasheed Aboobakur told CNN . "  We have explained to her how if she wants to receive the punishment  the lashings  right now she can ... or it can be postponed until she turns 18 , " she added . Amnesty International told CNN the same girl was the alleged victim of sexual abuse by her stepfather . The Juvenile Court registrar said she had no information on reported charges against the girl 's stepfather , as that case was being dealt with by the Criminal Court , but she said that the teenager 's fornication charge was unrelated to the stepfather 's case . The prosecutor general told Amnesty International on Wednesday that it could n't elaborate on the circumstances of the premarital sex other than that the girl had confessed to the offense , punishable under the Islamic country 's Sharia laws , said Abbas Faiz , a researcher with the group . In not releasing further information to the group , the prosecutor general also cited protecting the minor 's identity , Faiz told CNN . Maldives , a tourist destination , is an Indian Ocean archipelago of about 1,200 small islands , 200 of which are inhabited and typically have small populations . Neither the stepfather 's name nor the girl 's has been released to the public . CNN , meanwhile , has contacted the prosecutor 's office about the specifics of the case against the girl and the allegations against her stepfather . In an e-mail response , the deputy prosecutor general said the office is , "  restricted by laws in relation to the amount we can share with  the  public when it involves a minor . " The prosecutor 's office did promise to provide "  as much information as we can , " but has not yet responded to CNN 's follow-up e-mail . Faiz objected to how authorities used a confession from a sexually abused minor . The girl should have first received legal guidance and protection , he said . "  Confession from a child who has really gone through some damaging experiences can not be taken as evidence , " he said . "  If she had said no , then the only case that would have gone forward would have been the charge of sexually abusing a minor against the stepfather . " Authorities began their investigation after a dead baby was discovered , and investigators questioned the girl , who later confessed to consensual premarital sex , Faiz said . Amnesty International 's sources close to the island where the sexual abuse had taken place provided this account , Faiz said . The investigation then led to a charge against the stepfather , Faiz said . Authorities have n't indicated to Amnesty International whether charges have been filed in the baby 's death , Faiz said . The parents of the baby have n't been disclosed , he added . A spokesman for the President 's Office , Masood Imad , told CNN the government considered the teenager to be a victim who should not be flogged but said the government was unable to intervene in the judicial process . "  We can not just send a memo to the judiciary and say , ` Do n't lash anybody hereafter . ' It does n't happen that way any more . We have to talk with them , get them to understand , get them to initiate the laws or we initiate the laws together and then pass it to the legislature , " Imad said . He said the Ministry of Gender and Family was leading talks with the Ministry of Islamic Affairs to try to convince the judiciary that the law needs changing . "  We have to engage with the judiciary and we 've got to suggest to them that we need to change these laws to better identify victims and perpetrators , " Imad said . The circumstances surrounding the fornication charge against the girl are not known . The case attracted the attention of rights groups last month , when Amnesty International issued a statement urging the Maldivian authorities to drop all charges . "  She has been sexually abused , and at the same time , she has been charged with an offense that carries a punishment of flogging . We are really outraged at this punishment , " Faiz told CNN on Wednesday . Human Rights Watch condemned the girl 's punishment and urged the government to change the law . "  The Maldives should urgently reform its laws to ensure maximum protection for children instead of engaging in further punishing a child that they failed to protect , " said Meenakshi Ganguly , Human Rights Watch director for South Asia . Even as he condemned the sentencing , the president 's spokesman , Imad , played down the physical effects of the lashing , referring to the punishment as "  ceremonial . " "  They just pretend she 's been lashed . It 's not a painful process . She is taken to one side and she is patted on her backside with this lashing . It 's not used hard . It 's just a token , a token exercise . It 's a belief , " Imad said . Aboobakur also said , "  the lashes are not given that hard . " She said she had witnessed floggings and that most people "  just keep quiet and still until it finishes . " She said floggings were carried out in a public area for adults , while the punishment was administered to juveniles in a separate area nearby . The recipient was not required to wear any specific clothing , she said , adding that the lashes were delivered to the upper thighs and buttocks . While Imad said the punishment did n't hurt , he acknowledged that the psychological impact of a flogging was undeniable . "  There are psychological consequences ... I understand this . I would n't want anybody , even with the talk of lashing , going through this process . But this is the hard reality and we 're trying to change it . " However , Amnesty 's Faiz said the government was n't trying hard enough . "  It is for the government to actually initiate a change and send a bill to parliament and then if at that level they do n't win , they can say we tried . But they have n't at this stage even tried , " Faiz said . "  They are not interested , they do n't show any interest in this , " he added . "  Every time we talk about the judicial flaws that exist in the judicial system of the country they say we have nothing to do with that because we 're separate from the judiciary . Of course you 're separate to the judiciary but you 're the government , " he added . The Maldives is in a state of political flux after the resignation last year of the country 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Nasheed , who is facing charges of abuse of power -- charges he has denied . The charges leveled against the former president have focused attention on the country 's legal system , which was most recently criticized by the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Independence of Judges and Lawyers . After an eight-day visit to the country in February , Gabriela Knaul said she was , "  struck to hear how little trust the public has in the justice system in the Maldives . " After leaving the court after the girl 's sentencing , registrar Aboobakur said the teenager seemed "  fine . " She said she did n't think the girl would appeal the sentence . Faiz said official claims that the floggings were "  not hard " and only "  ceremonial " were difficult to verify as those sentenced to the punishment were reluctant to speak about it . "  It is very difficult , to get any of these victims to come and talk about their experience , " he said . "  Why is that ? Because they feel ashamed , they feel there is a huge stigma in the country against that . It is a humiliating experience . " Q&A : The Maldives -- Trouble in paradise	Investigation began with the discovery of a dead baby , human rights group says Maldivian girl , 15 , sentenced to 100 lashes and eight months house arrest for premarital sex The teenager was alleged victim of sexual abuse by her stepfather : Amnesty International President 's spokesman claims lashing is "  ceremonial , " insisting "  it 's not a painful process "
Tokyo  CNN  -- Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda of Japan dissolved the lower house of the country 's parliament on Friday , setting the stage for a general election next month that is expected to bring losses to his party . The decision , made under pressure from the main opposition Liberal Democrat Party  LDP  , is likely to prove unpopular with some members of Noda 's own party , the Democratic Party , which has been in power for a little over three years . And it may cost him his job . In office since September 2011 , Noda is a the latest in a string of politically fragile Japanese leaders . He is the sixth prime minister in the six years since the departure of Junichiro Koizumi , who was in power for more than five years . Approval ratings for Noda and his cabinet have sagged deeply in the polls , as Japan has failed to haul itself out of the economic morass in which it has stagnated for the past two decades . Many members of his party fear losing their seats in an election . But with the Japanese government heading toward a financial crunch , Noda agreed earlier this week to dissolve the lower house of parliament if the LDP gave its support to key legislation , including a vital bill that enables the government to keep financing itself . That bill was passed Friday by the upper house , where the opposition holds sway . In cabinet revamp , Japan 's Noda brings in woman with China ties Noda followed through on his side of the deal later Friday by dissolving the lower house of parliament and thus setting in motion the election process . Lawmakers called out "  banzai , banzai , " an expression of enthusiasm , as the speaker of the house , Takahiro Yokomichi , read out the letter of dissolution . According to the Japanese constitution , the election must be held within 40 days of the dissolution . Noda 's office said that leaders of the Democratic Party have agreed to push for an election date of December 16 , which will be set by a steering committee . Based on current forecasts in Japan , neither of the two main parties is likely to secure enough votes in the election to form a majority government . The LDP is led by Shinzo Abe , a former prime minister who stepped down citing health reasons in 2007 after only a year in office . Despite the bleak election prospects for his party , Noda was left with little choice this week other than to strike a deal with Abe . Failure to get the crucial financial bill through the LDP-controlled upper house would have left the government in danger of running out of cash . Members of the upper house are elected according to a different schedule from the lower house . Japan : Get ready for a rightward shift The potential stalemate between the two main parties at the lower-house election next month raises the prospect of a period of deal-making with smaller parties in the legislature to form a coalition . Independent parties have proliferated in Japan recently , with the former Democratic Party leader Ichiro Ozawa leading a breakaway in July that weakened Noda 's majority . And the outspoken nationalist Shintaro Ishihara resigned as governor of Tokyo last month in order to form his own party and run for parliament . The big question is whether the government that emerges from the election will have the unity and vision to enact measures to get the country out of its economic woes . Data released this week showed the Japanese economy contracted at an annual rate of 3.5 % in the latest quarter , suggesting it risks slipping back into recession . A bitter territorial dispute with China has infected trade relations between the two Asian economic giants . Chinese consumers have been shunning Japanese goods because of the spat , sharply dragging down sales in the country for car makers like Toyota and Nissan . More broadly , the country is wrestling with a huge debt burden and an increasingly aging population , challenges that analysts say will require bold reforms to tackle . CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	The dissolution of parliament follows a deal between Japan 's two main political parties The move will result in general elections next month The governing party of Prime Minister Noda is expected to lose seats in the election But the main opposition party may also struggle to form an outright majority
BudgetTravel  -- Marseille , France Bistrot d'Edouard -- At this year-old restaurant , the city 's cultural mix is evident in dishes like vermicelli cooked in squid ink and fish broth , garnished with grilled squid and fromage-blanc aioli . Tapas from $ 7 , 150 rue Jean Mermoz , 011-33/4 -91 -71 -16 -52 . Cafe Populaire -- Celebrating the Marseille 's mishmash of Mediterranean tastes , Populaire serves up dishes like fried chick-pea flour squares with sardines , grilled squid , and mesclun . 110 rue Paradis , 011-33/4 -91 -02 -53 -96 . La Virgule -- Chef Lionel Levy , whose Une Table au Sud earned a Michelin star a few years ago , opened this small spot next door , where the bistro-meets-ethnic menu  think smoked duck breast served with hummus and sesame oil  is drawing nightly crowds . Entrees from $ 12 , lavirgule.marseille.free.fr . BudgetTravel.com : Be a packing genius Honolulu , Hawaii Azure -- Executive chef Jon Matsubara graduated from the Culinary Institute of America and apprenticed at Jean-Georges in New York -- but he 's a local boy at heart . At Azure , in the Royal Hawaiian resort , Matsubara starts with the best seafood and produce his native Oahu has to offer and transforms it into something special . Local yellow tail ahi rises to a new level when paired with a salad made of Japanese hamachi , avocado , watermelon , and radish , topped with a ginger vinaigrette and a papadum crisp . Entrees from $ 22 , azurewaikiki.com . Kai Market -- Chef Darren Demaya 's menu at the Sheraton Waikiki is inspired by the food that was prepared on sugar plantations decades ago , a cuisine that combined local ingredients with influences from the different cultures of the plantation workers -- everything from Chinese and Japanese to Filipinos and Pacific Islanders . His Chinese salt-and-pepper Kahuku head-on shrimp is simple and delicious . Prix fixe menu from $ 51 , sheraton-waikiki . com/dining/kai . Gogi Korean Tacos -- For lower-key local fare , look beyond Waikiki 's main drag . Gogi serves short-rib tacos topped with a kimchee slaw out of a bright-red truck that changes locations regularly . Tacos $ 2 , eatgogi.com . Let Them Eat Cupcakes -- The team here offers flavors like locally inspired haupia  similar to pudding  and lilikoi -- at food festivals , art fairs , and via special delivery . Cupcakes from $ 2.50 , letthemeatcupcakes808.com . Wales The Crown at Whitebrook -- Working here among five lush , green acres in the Wye Valley , head chef James Sommerin earned his Michelin star with dishes like loin of rabbit with asparagus and wild-mushroom mousse served with a smoked butternut squash puree . Tasting menu from $ 43 , crownatwhitebrook.co.uk . Tyddyn Llan -- Chef-owner Brian Webb was awarded a Michelin star last year for the creations coming out of this rambling stone cottage in North Wales . Webb 's constantly evolving menu features creations like roast pigeon with Savoy cabbage and foie gras . Tasting menu from $ 45 , tyddynllan.co.uk . The Chef 's Room , Fish & Cookery School -- Wales 's food obsession goes beyond restaurants , too . Founded by Michelin-starred chef Franco Taruschio and food writer Lindy Wildsmith , the Chef 's Room hosts guests chefs like Shaun Hill  who earned his own Michelin star at Wales 's The Walnut Tree  , who offer hands-on instruction . Classes , including lunch and wine , from $ 81 , thechefsroom.co.uk . Cooking with Angela Gray -- The cooking school at Llanerch Vineyard launched last April , and includes everything from simple bread-baking classes to five-day cooking courses . Guests are also treated to wine tastings and vineyard tours . Classes from $ 80 , angelagray.co.uk . Foxhunter -- Want to be even closer to the source ? During the new foraging excursions at the Foxhunter , in Nantyderry , guests look for wild berries , mushrooms , and spinach , and then cook with their finds under the instruction of the restaurant 's head chef . Foraging classes from about $ 100 , thefoxhunter.com . BudgetTravel.com : 6 places germs breed in airplanes Los Angeles , California LudoBites -- Founder and superstar chef Ludovic LeFebvre refers to his creation as a "  touring restaurant . " Much like a band promoting its latest album , LudoBites moves from location to location  and "  shows " sell out long in advance  . Instead of hit songs , there are hit dishes , like fried chicken bites and "  squid noodles "  sliced calamari with black radish , black grapes , bean sprouts , and raw prawns  . Entrees from $ 10 , ludobites.com . Breadbar -- A restaurant in the traditional sense , Breadbar also hosts pop-up events for outside chefs to showcase their talents with anything from soba dishes to Korean pub food . Sandwiches from $ 12 , breadbar.net . Patagonia , Argentina Bodega del Fin del Mundo -- When it comes to Argentine wine , Mendoza has held the spotlight for years . But these days , Patagonia seems to be the one to watch . The superstar vineyard in the Neuquen region can be found on nearly 8,000 acres of land planted with several privately owned vineyards that produce impressive Malbecs and Pinot Noirs . Free guided tour and wine tasting , bodegadelfindelmundo.com . Bodega Humberto Canale -- It turns out that Patagonia 's hot days and cool nights are exactly what grapevines need to thrive -- and in the mid-1990s , a few pioneers figured out that some simple irrigation could fix the chalky desert-soil problem . In Rio Negro , Bodega Humberto is a lush patch of green in an otherwise dusty landscape , and it excels in white varietals like Semillon , Viogner , and Torrontes . Guided tour and wine tasting for $ 20 per person , bodegahcanale.com . Houston , Texas Taqueria El Mercado -- In a trailer just behind the farmers ' market on Airline Drive  where you can sample Mexican hot chocolate and pan dulce  you 'll find the place to feast on tripe and carnitas tacos . Tacos from $ 2 , 2520 Airline Dr. Vieng Thai -- Long Point Road is another culinary hotbed , with unassuming restaurants serving everything from Thai to Korean to Mexican . Vieng Thai is a hit for its coconut-milk soup and array of curries . Entrees from $ 8 , 6929 Long Point Rd. , 713/688 -9910 . Where Chefs Eat -- Chefs are so enamored of Houston 's ethnic food scene that a few of them have partnered up to offer culinary tours . Each tour is led by a chef -- including local celebrities like Bryan Caswell of Reef , and Mark Holley of Pesce -- and focuses on a different cuisine . Tours $ 180 per person , houstonculinarytours.com . BudgetTravel.com : Confessions of a cruise ship musician Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Cities all over the world are becoming destinations for foodies Wales has a "  food obsession " which comes across through its various cooking schools Honolulu , Hawaii serves up a diverse offering for tourists and locals alike Marseilles , Los Angeles , Houston and Patagonia are also dining destinations to watch
New York  CNN  -- Evidence in the investigation of the controversial chokehold death of Staten Island man Eric Garner will be presented to a grand jury , prosecutors announced Tuesday . The grand jury will convene in September , Richmond County District Attorney Daniel M. Donovan said . Garner , 43 , died on July 17 after police confronted him on Staten Island for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally . During the encounter , a video shows a police officer grabbing the 350-pound man in a chokehold and pulling him onto a sidewalk . The New York City Police Department prohibits the chokehold tactic . "  After a careful review of the recent findings of the Medical Examiner regarding the cause and manner of Mr. Garner 's death , I have determined that it is appropriate to present evidence regarding the circumstances of his death to a Richmond County Grand Jury , " Donovan said in a statement . Prosecutors provided no additional information about the exact date that the grand jury will convene , what witnesses will testify , what criminal charges will be considered or whom those charges could be levied against . The New York City medical examiner ruled Garner 's death a homicide . The cause of death was "  compression of neck  choke hold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police . " The controversial death has sparked several anti-police demonstrations throughout New York City in the month since it happened . Demonstrators have called the police response during his arrest excessive and criminal . Opinion : What led to chokehold death ? In his statement , Donovan said that prosecutors are committed to conducting "  a fair , thorough and responsible investigation into Mr. Garner 's death , " adding that "  no person is above the law , nor beneath its protection . " The video that surfaced after his death shows Garner lying on the ground motionless after he was taken down by a group of officers . Garner , an asthmatic , was later declared dead at a nearby hospital . After the incident , New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton ordered an extensive review of the New York Police Department 's training procedures . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , the NYPD said . A second police officer was placed on desk duty . Two EMTs and two paramedics also were suspended without pay , said Erika Hellstrom , vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center . Garner , a grandfather with six children , had a lengthy criminal history , including more than 30 arrests , and had been arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May , police said . Man who filmed cop 's fatal chokehold arrested on gun charges CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Eric Garner died on July 17 after police stopped him for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally An officer seen in a video placing Garner in a chokehold has been stripped of his badge Prosecutors say the grand jury will begin hearing evidence next month
CNN  -- A Connecticut woman who had her face destroyed by a friend 's pet chimpanzee was denied permission Friday to sue the state for $ 150 million , according to the Office of the Claims Commissioner . The state had the authority to remove the chimp from its owner years ago , but neglected to , an attorney for Charla Nash argued . The attack left Nash without a nose , eyelids , lips or hands , said attorney Matthew Newman . The attack occurred in 2009 in Stamford , Connecticut , as Nash tried to help a friend coax her 14-year-old pet chimp back into the house . Travis the chimp , which had appeared in television commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on Nash and began biting and mauling her . Police later fatally shot Travis to stop the attack . Nash filed a claim in November 2009 , seeking permission to sue Connecticut 's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection for damages , Claims Commissioner J. Paul Vance Jr. said in a memorandum of decision . Though officials sympathize with Nash , a regulatory statute does not provide a basis to sue the state , according to Jaclyn Falkowski , spokeswoman for the Office of the Attorney General . "  To decide otherwise would mean that the state simply could not afford to pass regulations intended to promote order and safety , " she said in a statement . Two years after the attack , Nash became the third person to receive a full face transplant at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston . Doctors also attached two new hands , but they had to remove them a few days later after she fell ill . Nash is now considering her next step , her attorney said . "  Our only option is to ask the Connecticut General Assembly to review the claim commissioner 's decision , " Newman said . Family spokesman Ara Chekmayan said : "  We feel that the state Department of Environmental Protection failed to protect Charla from a known danger and today she has been denied the right to seek compensation for the catastrophic and irreversible damage inflicted upon her . " Face transplant patients : Where are they now ? CNN 's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	A friend 's pet chimp mauled Charla Nash in 2009 The state should 've removed the chimp years ago , her attorney says There are no grounds for suing Connecticut , officials say Travis the chimp had appeared in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy
CNN  -- If you 've ever wished your GPS had a sense of humor , Waze has a solution . The crowd-sourced traffic and navigation app announced a new partnership with Universal Pictures to introduce a celebrity voice navigation feature . Comedian Kevin Hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app . SEE ALSO : 5 Technologies That Are Changing the Way We Drive Waze , which offers voice-guided GPS navigation gleaned from users who share real-time traffic information , now gives users the option to replace the generic voice with a celebrity 's . Hart 's voice is currently available in the app , but the company has n't announced which other famous co-pilots will be available to users in the future . "  His signature voice and humor made him the perfect celebrity voice guide for Waze , " Doug Neil , executive vice president of digital marketing at Universal Pictures , said in a statement . Waze promoted the new feature with a YouTube video featuring Hart , where he spoofs traditional GPS navigation systems . "  I need you to take the third exit . Wait , wait , wait . Wait . Okay , yeah . The third exit , " he says when commanding a user to use a roundabout . Waze is free , and available on both iOS and Android . See the original story on Mashable .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Waze , the navigation app , inks deal with Universal Pictures to add celebrity voices Comedian Kevin Hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app Waze has n't announced which other famous voices will be available
Editor 's note : Tom Wilkerson is chief executive officer of the United States Naval Institute , a nonprofit professional association which describes itself as an independent forum for examining issues related to the Navy , Marines and Coast Guard . He spent 31 years in the military , rising to major general of Marines and , in his last assignment , serving as commander , Marine Forces Reserve . Retired Major General Tom Wilkerson says the U.S. should attack the pirates at their bases . CNN  -- It is well past time to take a serious look at piracy off the coast of Africa . Initially , the U.S. ignored the threat , and when public outcry about our seeming indifference became louder , we formed a combined task force of international navies in the Gulf of Aden under command of a U.S. Navy rear admiral to "  deter , disrupt and thwart " the pirates . Today , it is clear that initiative has failed . In fact , this bit of muscle-flexing did so little to intimidate pirates operating out of Somalia that they have actually increased the number of attacks in the last month . Significant among those attacks , pirates on Wednesday boarded and temporarily held a U.S.-flagged vessel , the container ship Maersk Alabama . The U.S. crew and its captain retook the vessel , but at the price of the captain becoming a hostage to the four pirates in one of the Maersk Alabama 's lifeboats . Several hours later a U.S. warship , the Aegis destroyer USS Bainbridge , arrived on scene and , as I write , the standoff with the pirates continues . What an embarrassing and frustrating event ! A bunch of maritime thugs brazenly seized a vessel flying the flag of the nation with the most powerful navy the world has ever known . The fault does not lie with the ships and sailors of Combined Task Force-151 . They have been given the proverbial mission impossible -- stop pirate attacks in an area four times the size of Texas with only three U.S. Navy ships and a total of 12 to 15 allied/friendly warships . Not gon na happen ! But embarrassment aside , there is real potential for loss of life and for continued attacks on vessels plying these waters . The issue is simple but difficult -- how do we eliminate the pirate threat ? Strangely , we seem unable to learn from our own history . In 1804 President Thomas Jefferson said "  Enough " to paying 20 percent of the U.S. national budget as tribute to Barbary pirates . His response was clear and successful -- build a strong naval task force , equip it with a sizeable contingent of Marines , and send it to attack and defeat the pirates in their lair . The sailors and Marines sent on that mission did just that -- and in the process wrote a stirring page in our nation 's early history . The problem today is that we have refused to take the Jefferson model . We 've confined our anti-piracy efforts to the open seas and left the pirates ' home bases on land as a sanctuary . Thus , the pirates continue to operate with relative freedom and stealth . We and our allies only respond , never seizing the initiative . The Jefferson model is a better answer : Take on the pirates where they are , rather than guessing where they will be . In short , attack them at their home bases . There they are vulnerable . There is where they plan and prepare for raids on vessels . There is where they arrange ransom for held ships and crew members . From these bases , pirates are free to conduct raids without fear of reprisal , let alone interference from organized justice . They are free to venture out to prey upon one of the 33,000 ships that pass near their coast each year , knowing that they can return to the absolute security of their land bases and enjoy their spoils . It is time to change strategy and take the fight to the pirates , as our military predecessors did with great success more than 200 years ago . In the 21st century , anti-piracy measures should ideally be the responsibility of local and regional law enforcement . Unfortunately , the non-functioning government of Somalia is unable to bring police or military forces to bear against criminal piracy launched from its own territory . The predicament has done much to foster piracy , greatly growing the number of pirates and further encouraging their lawless behavior . They are well aware that the rewards of their activities far exceed the risks . With the potential to make millions of dollars through extortion , the Somalia-based pirates take comfort in having no fear of being arrested in their homes for their crimes , and obviously have little fear of being caught on the high seas despite the presence of the combined task force . Of course , attacking pirate land bases in Somalia as the U.S. did against the Barbary pirates in Tripoli two centuries ago is not a simple proposition . Even without a functioning government present in Somalia , the U.S. and other countries whose ships are threatened are not free to conduct military operations on Somali soil at will . There are many complicated legal issues concerning sovereignty and laws of armed conflict that need to be thought through before any real action can be initiated . However , these issues must be explored so that the option of a more forceful policy can be duly considered . iReport.com : How should the U.S. respond ? Some may argue that the destruction of the ships and bases of pirates is merely attacking the symptom without curing the disease . They believe that piracy can not be defeated until its causes are sufficiently addressed . These causes are usually identified as abysmal economic conditions and the lack of a strong national infrastructure . Previous attempts to undertake larger scale law-and-order projects in Somalia , however , have resulted in a tragedy now memorialized in the national psyche simply as Black Hawk Down . Hence my argument for consideration of smaller-scale actions targeted specifically against the criminal pirates . Retaliatory and preemptive strikes on known bases are certainly not the only options in dealing with the Somalia pirates , but current policy has already proven to be fairly futile in dissuading attacks . iReport.com : ` Stop the pirates , Obama ! ' Those who desire to combat piracy by bringing stability to Somalia must accept that the noble effort will take several years , potentially leaving thousands of ships vulnerable to attack in the meantime . One thing is for certain : Allowing the pirates to have sanctuary while also giving them a clear advantage in the rules of engagement is not going to stop their activities any time soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Wilkerson .	Tom Wilkerson : Pirates based in Somalia represent threat to crews and cargo He says U.S. strategy so far has failed to deter piracy Wilkerson : We should follow example set 200 years ago by Thomas Jefferson He says the U.S. needs to attack the pirates at their bases
CNN  -- The National Hockey League and a sports-oriented anti-homophobia advocacy group announced Thursday they are joining forces to provide players with tolerance training and other programs . The league said the agreement with You Can Play cements pro hockey 's reputation as the world 's most inclusive sports league . The New York-based league will partner with You Can Play to provide formal anti-homophobia training for all incoming players . The team and the players ' union will also work to build You Can Play 's programs into the league 's behavioral health program to give players a confidential outlet to discuss issues of sexual orientation , according to a statement issued by the You Can Play and the league It also calls for a "  significant commitment " to training for teams , players and the public through formal training programs and outreach efforts -- including public service announcements featuring NHL players . "  As NHL players , we all strive to contribute towards helping our teams achieve success on the ice . Any player who can help in those efforts should be welcomed as a teammate , " the statement quoted Ron Hainsey , a Winnipeg Jets defenseman and member of the NHL Players Association board , as saying . Opinion : An openly gay player is not a distraction "  This partnership solidifies the message that the hockey community believes in fairness and equality for everyone , " he said . The move does n't affect the NHL 's policy on discrimination based on sexual orientation , which has been part of its contract with players since 2005 . Commissioner Gary Bettman said the agreement makes the NHL 's policy of inclusiveness "  clear and unequivocal . " "  While we believe that our actions in the past have shown our support for the LGBT community , we are delighted to reaffirm through this joint venture with the NHL Players ' Association that the official policy of the NHL is one of inclusion on the ice , in our locker rooms and in the stands , " Bettman said in the joint statement with You Can Play . Other leagues also have promoted tolerance . The NBA 's contract with players says the league ca n't discriminate against gay players , and new players receive tolerance training . The league has partnered with the Gay , Lesbian and Straight Education Network and the Ad Council on an ad campaign addressing homophobic language and has worked with the gay rights advocacy group GLAAD on initiatives to address anti-gay bullying and other issues . In its 2011 contract with players , the NFL also banned discrimination based on sexual orientation . But the league ran into criticism from New York 's attorney general , among others , in February after NFL prospects said that they had been asked questions about their sexual orientation . In March , Major League Soccer also unveiled an initiative urging players to reject all forms of discrimination . You Can Play was co-founded in 2012 by Philadelphia Flyers scout Patrick Burke , the son of hockey executive Brian Burke . Patrick Burke 's brother , Brendan , announced he was gay in 2009 . He died in a car crash the next year . New York pushes NFL on discrimination due to sexual preference CNN 's Kathy Kudravi and David Close contributed to this report .	Agreement calls for anti-homophobia training for rookie players The NHL already bans discrimination based on sexual orientation The league says the move advances its reputation for inclusion
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Decades after The Beatles first surged onto the international music stage , fans in Argentina are flocking to a new museum dedicated to the ` Fab Four ' that opened in the country 's capital this week . Museum creator Rodolfo Vazquez said he started his private collection after someone gave him the group 's "  Rubber Soul " record when he was 10 years old . "  I listened to ` In My Life ' and I fell in love with The Beatles for all my life , " he said . "  What I did was collect things , collect and collect like any fan , of football , stamps , action figures , whatever -- the little bit that I could get because in Buenos Aires there was n't a lot of material , " Vazquez said . By 2001 , Vazquez secured a Guinness World Record for the "  largest collection of Beatles memorabilia . " At the time , he had 5,612 items in the attic of his Buenos Aires home . The collection now contains more than 8,500 items , according to Vazquez . Remembering John Lennon : The interviews Vazquez said he bought some of the material with his own money , but acquired most of it through exchanges with fans around the world . Now , for an entrance fee of about $ 2.50 , other aficionados can catch a glimpse of the collection , which Vazquez says is the first Beatles museum in Latin America . "  We 're visiting from Uruguay . We came and we saw that it was opening and we decided to come , " visitor Rodrigo Guerra said . "  It 's very nice . It has everything . " In addition to memorabilia on display , the complex where the museum is located also includes a thematic restaurant and a replica of the Liverpool bar where the legendary band got its start . The museum , which opened Monday , was still drawing a steady stream of people Friday -- many of them members of a younger generation that never saw the group perform live . Several wore Beatles T-shirts . One sported a "  Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band " tattoo . "  When the band played , I had n't been born , so I 'm looking for what my parents lived through , " student Jimena Dieviataia said .	The museum 's creator has been collecting memorabilia since he was age 10 His collection earns him a Guinness World Record in 2001 He says the museum is the first Beatles museum in Latin America The complex housing the museum also includes a replica of the bar where The Beatles played
CNN  -- Six Nations winners Ireland ended the year unbeaten after defeating world rugby champions South Africa 15-10 in Dublin on Saturday thanks to an assured kicking performance from newcomer Jonathan Sexton . The fly-half , playing only his second international ahead of the veteran Ronan O'Gara , landed five penalties as the Irish overcame conceding the game 's only try to Schalk Burger in the 16th minute . The injury-hit Springboks , who won the southern hemisphere 's Tri-Nations title this year , were left to lament three missed kicks at goal by fly-half Morne Steyn and one by substitute Ruan Pienaar . The Irish fielded nine players who toured South Africa with the Lions earlier this year , when flanker Burger was banned for eight weeks for eye-gouging Luke Fitzgerald . Sexton landed an early penalty from long range , but Steyn helped to send blindsider Burger over the line and added the extras , before making it 10-3 with a drop-goal . Sexton reduced the deficit before halftime as Steyn three times missed from considerable distance . Ireland moved 12-10 ahead with two more Sexton goals despite struggling at the scrums , and the visitors started to wilt after Pienaar hit the post with a penalty attempt . New Zealand ended their northern hemisphere tour unbeaten after crushing France 39-12 in Marseille , running in five tries to none . The All Blacks have suffered an uncharacteristic four defeats this year -- three of them to the Springboks -- but took the chance to avenge the shock 27-22 home loss to Les Bleus in June . The Kiwis , who had earlier beaten Wales , Italy and England on tour , led 22-12 at halftime as backs Sitiveni Sivivatu and Mils Muliaina crossed for tries along with back-row forward Jerome Kaino . Winger Cory Jane and center Conrad Smith went over in the second half and mercurial fly-half Dan Carter kicked a total of 14 points while orchestrating the All Blacks ' most free-flowing performance of the tour against a side who had earlier beaten South Africa and Samoa . New Zealand captain Richie McCaw was named the International Rugby Board 's player of the year after the match , becoming the first to achieve the honor twice following his 2006 award . Scotland crashed back to earth following last weekend 's first win over Australia in 27 years , losing 9-6 at home to bogey side Argentina . The visitors came back from 6-0 down at halftime in Edinburgh , where they have not lost for 19 years , and inflicted the first defeat on Scots coach Andy Robinson . Phil Godman kicked two penalties to give Scotland hope of winning all their November internationals for the first time since 2002 , but paid the price for lock Nathan Hines ' second-half sin-binning as Martin Rodriguez leveled with two kicks of his own . Rodriguez then landed a drop-goal two minutes from time to give the Pumas a fourth straight win at Murrayfield and their first victory on this tour . Australia , however , relieved the pressure on coach Robbie Deans by crushing Wales 33-12 in Cardiff , avenging last year 's 21-18 defeat . Matt Giteau missed a last-gasp conversion against the Scots which would have won the match , but was to the fore this time as the Wallabies ran in three early tries . Center Digby Ioane , lock James Horwill , flanker David Pocock went over in the first 16 minutes , while Wales lost Shane Williams , try-scorer Leigh Halfpenny and Matthew Rees to injury as they surrendered a 23-12 halftime deficit . Substitute hooker Tatafu Polota-Nau crossed in the second half while Giteau kicked 13 points in total to hand Wales coach Warren Gatland , a New Zealander , his heaviest home defeat in front of a 74,339 crowd . Italy beat the touring Samoa team 24-6 for their first victory in four encounters with the Pacific Islanders , who had Henry Fa'afili sent off for a high tackle on first-half tryscorer Luke McLean .	Six Nations winners Ireland ended the year unbeaten after defeating South Africa 15-10 Jonathan Sexton kicked five penalties as world rugby champions lose in Dublin New Zealand avenge June 's home defeat by France with a 39-12 victory in Paris Scotland lose 9-6 at home to Argentina , while Australia triumph 33-12 in Wales
CNN  -- Investigators have pinpointed two men as "  possible suspects " who were seen in images near the finish line of this week 's Boston Marathon -- moments before twin bombs there exploded , killing three and injuring about 180 others -- a law enforcement official said . A circular sent out Wednesday to federal and state agencies features the photos "  in an attempt to identify the individuals , " who were described as being of "  high interest " to investigators . One of the men is seen carrying a black backpack . An FBI official earlier said that authorities believe the bombs were placed inside a black nylon backpack or bag . The source said that authorities had not yet identified the two men by name and that the photographs were not being released to the public for fear of impeding the investigation . Earlier Wednesday , two official sources with knowledge of the investigation identified a man -- who also has n't been named -- as a possible suspect in the attack . Seen on a video , this man wore a white baseball cap . One of the sources added that the cap was on backwards and the man was also wearing a light-colored hooded sweatshirt and a black jacket . It was not immediately known if this man is one of those alluded to in the photographs distributed to law enforcement officials . This movement in the investigation came two days after the horrific blast shook the city , during what is traditionally one of its biggest and most beloved events each year . By Wednesday , authorities had made "  significant progress " in the case but no arrests , a federal law enforcement source told CNN 's John King . Sources previously told CNN that a suspect was in custody , but both Boston police and the FBI denied that any arrests had been made . A Boston law enforcement source told CNN , "  We got him , " but would n't clarify whether that meant a suspect has been identified or arrested . Some federal sources said it was even too early to say investigators had identified the suspect , but several sources in Boston told CNN that they have a clear identification . Speaking on CNN 's The Situation Room , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said investigators were closer to cracking the case "  every hour . " But he urged patience with the probe . "  What I would say and I would ask of everyone is we give law enforcement the space to do their work , " Patrick said . "  When they are ready with a complete picture , they will tell us what that picture is . " He added , "  I wish they had nailed the perpetrator within minutes of this catastrophe , but I understand from experience it 's going to take some time . " Earlier Wednesday , investigators revealed more details about the makeup of the bombs , which exploded 12 seconds apart . One had been housed in a pressure cooker hidden inside a backpack , the FBI said in a joint intelligence bulletin . The device also had fragments that may have included nails , BBs and ball bearings , the agency said . The lid of a pressure cooker thought to be used in the device was found on a rooftop at the scene , a federal law enforcement official with firsthand knowledge of the investigation told CNN . The second bomb was also housed in a metal container , but it was not clear whether it too was in a pressure cooker , the FBI said . The U.S. government has warned federal agencies in the past that terrorists could turn pressure cookers into bombs by packing them with explosives and shrapnel and detonating them with blasting caps . The bombs Photos obtained by CNN show the remains of a pressure cooker found at the scene , along with a shredded black backpack and what appear to be metal pellets or ball bearings . Scraps of at least one pressure cooker , nails and nylon bags found at the scene were sent to the FBI 's national laboratory in Virginia , where technicians will try to reconstruct the devices , the agent leading the investigation said Tuesday . The pieces suggest each of the devices was 6 liters  about 1.6 gallons  in volume , a Boston law enforcement source said . The recovered parts include part of a circuit board , which might have been used to detonate a device . A law enforcement official said Monday 's bombs were probably detonated by timers . But the FBI said details of the detonating system were unknown . While the clues moved the investigation forward , they did not make it immediately apparent whether the attack was an act of domestic or foreign terrorism . "  If your experience and your expertise is Middle East terrorism , it has the hallmarks of al Qaeda or a Middle East group , " former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes said . "  If your experience is domestic groups and bombings that have occurred here , it has the hallmarks of a domestic terrorist like Eric Rudolph in the 1996 Atlanta Summer Olympics bombings . " Things we know Fuentes said he has investigated both types of terrorism -- from Iraq to the United States -- and finds the Boston attack has elements of both . "  It has the hallmarks of both domestic and international  attacks  , and you can see either side of that . " Opinion : Why is this so rare ? Third victim identified Boston University identified graduate student Lingzi Lu as the third person who died in Monday 's bombings . Previously identified were Krystle Campbell , 29 , of Arlington , Massachusetts , and Martin Richard , 8 , of Dorchester , Massachusetts . "  She was the best , " Campbell 's distraught mother , Patty , told reporters Tuesday . "  You could n't ask for a better daughter . " Martin "  was a bright , energetic young boy who had big dreams and high hopes for his future , " his school said in a statement . "  We are heartbroken by this loss . " The hunt for the attacker The attack left Boston police with "  the most complex crime scene that we 've dealt with in the history of our department , " Commissioner Ed Davis said Tuesday . Authorities sifted through thousands of pieces of evidence and a mass of digital photos and video clips . They have pleaded for the public 's help in providing additional leads and images . "  Someone knows who did this , " said Rick DesLauriers , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's Boston office , said . "  The community will play a crucial role in this investigation . " Medical personnel treating the wounded found evidence suggesting the bomb maker or bomb makers sought to maximize the suffering . Dr. George Velmahos , head of trauma care at Massachusetts General Hospital , said his team found "  numerous " metal pellets and nails inside patients ' bodies . "  There are people who have 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 of them in their body , or more , " Velmahos said . ` Human spirit ' still alive Dr. Ron Walls also said one patient had more than 12 carpenter-type nails . "  There is no question some of these objects were implanted in the device for the purpose of being exploded forward , " he said . Victims continue recovery As investigators continued to search for a suspect , those wounded in the incident continued to recover . Boston-area hospitals had released at least 112 of the 178 people injured in the attack , according to CNN 's tally late Wednesday . Of the 66 people who were still hospitalized , 13 were in critical condition . Boston Medical Center has two patients in critical condition , down from 11 just after the bombings , Dr. Peter Burke , chief of trauma care , told reporters Wednesday . Ten patients are in serious condition and seven are in fair condition , he said . Spectator Steve Byrne was standing with a group of friends near a mailbox when the second blast went off . Now his face is scarred with shrapnel wounds . A BB pellet remains lodged in his neck . Doctors said they could n't remove it because was too close to nerves that control his vision , but he was out of the hospital on Wednesday . Compared to how his friends are suffering , he told CNN 's AC360 that he feels lucky . Four out of the five friends he was watching the marathon with have lost limbs , he said . One friend had 70 nails in his leg . He remembers the explosion in vivid detail : the blast that was so strong that it burned his clothes off ; the carnage around him ; and the haunting , slow-motion daze of searching for his friends . "  We were having a great day and waiting to see our friend cross the finish line , " he said , "  and then all of the sudden it turned in a flash . " He told CNN he 's worried about the financial burdens his friends could face as a result of the explosion . One friend is a carpenter and "  both his hands are incinerated . He ca n't go to work , and the bills keep coming in . " "  It 's not just the hospitals . It 's everyday life that does n't stop . ... We 're just hoping the mayor , the governor , President Obama do n't let us as citizens down . " Beyond those seriously wounded , the incident affected thousands , including Candace Rispoli , who was cheering on a friend when the festive atmosphere turned into a "  terrifying hell . " She suffered minor injuries . "  I personally will never participate in an event of this nature in a city in fear that something like this could happen again , " she said . "  I keep replaying the moments of terror over and over in my head and am just still in utter shock . Always seeing terrible things of this nature happen all over the world on TV , my heart would always go out to those directly affected . But I never imagined in a million years I would be a spectator at the Boston Marathon running for my life . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Fran Townsend , Matt Smith , Dave Alsup , Henry Hanks , Rande Iaboni , Gloria Borger and John King contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities ask federal and state agents to help identify two men seen in photos NEW : The men are of "  high interest " in the probe into the Boston Marathon blasts NEW : One of the men is seen in photos carrying a black backpack , an official says 3 people were killed and about 180 injured when 2 bombs went off near the finish line
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI preached and greeted well-wishers Sunday , three days after breaking his wrist in a fall . The pope celebrates mass with his broken wrist in plaster . He held the text of his speech in his uninjured left hand , then circulated among the crowd who came to hear him in Romano Canavese , pictures from the northern Italian town showed . The 82-year-old pope had surgery on his right wrist after he fell Thursday night , spokesman Father Federico Lombardi told CNN on Friday . The pope is "  learning " to live with his cast , Lombardi told Vatican Radio . The most painful aspect of the incident for Benedict is having to give up writing by hand , which he had intended to do frequently during his annual vacation Italy 's Val d'Aosta region , Lombardi told the official Vatican station . "  I know that here , too , in the Ivera region , many families are facing economic hard times due to a lack of work , " he said , referring to the now-defunct Olivetti typewriter manufacturer in the region . "  Dear friend , do not be discouraged , " he added , according to Agence-France Presse . "  Providence always helps those who do the right thing and seek justice ; it also helps those who think not only of themselves , but also think of those in worse situations than their own . "	Pope preaches and greeted well-wishers , three days after breaking his wrist Benedict XVI had surgery on his right wrist after he fell Thursday night Most painful aspect for pope is having to stop writing by hand , spokesman says
CNN  -- Firefighters battling a massive blaze in Idaho made headway on Tuesday , a top official said . The Beaver Creek fire has devoured 106,000 acres in Idaho 's Sun Valley , but authorities could have the fire up to 20 % contained by Tuesday night , incident commander Beth Lund told reporters . "  They 're making good progress today , " she said , noting that authorities are "  cautiously optimistic " about the wildfire , which has threatened thousands of homes and forced residents to evacuate . "  Right now our primary goal is to get people back in their homes within the next day or two , " Lund said . Thunderstorms forecast for Wednesday are a mixed blessing , she said . Lightning could further fuel fires , but more cloud cover and increased relative humidity would help firefighters , she said . Lightning ignited the wildfire more than two weeks ago . Nearly 1,800 people are battling the blaze . So far , it 's cost $ 11.6 million , officials said . In a mountainous area nearby , another wildfire was also raging Tuesday . The Little Queens Fire has scorched an estimated 8,000 acres , with no containment . As that blaze threatened the tiny town of Atlanta , Idaho , two dozen or so residents ignored a mandatory evacuation on Monday to take a stand against the fiery fury of nature . "  About 70 % of the residents have stayed behind to help , " said Gene Haught , Atlanta 's fire chief . By Tuesday , the evacuation order had been downgraded , barring the public from the town but allowing the town 's 35 permanent residents to stay . Wildfire chars Idaho , rains flood southern Mississippi "  What we are doing mainly is looking at areas that might be a problem and cleaning those up . As equipment arrives , we are going to help deploy it to do some structure protection , " Haught said Monday . Residents have also used their own earth-moving equipment to cut a fire line around the town . What to know about wildfires On Tuesday , two firefighting crews and three engines joined them . Atlanta , Idaho , is a historic mountain town located about 135 miles northeast of Boise . The community , which includes many second homes , is surrounded by the Boise National Forest . It was founded during the Civil War as a mining community -- a trade that attracted Haught and his wife Julie , originally from West Virginia . "  It 's beautiful , " said Julie Haught , "  I 'll never forget the first time I came here . I thought we had mountains in West Virginia , until I came here . " For Julie Haught , Atlanta is "  a different world , " full of history , charm and a close-knit community . "  You got to be here , visit and see why . It is very historic . A lot of these old buildings from back in the day are still here , " she said , not wanting to think about the damage the fire would cause to the buildings in the little town she calls home . But like its much larger namesake in the South , the Idaho town of Atlanta has risen from the ashes before . According to Gene Haught , "  The town has been wiped down by fire a couple of times in the 1800s and early in the 1900s . " His wife prays it wo n't come to that . "  I would miss all the beauty of what we got left . We are hoping and praying the fire does n't come to this town , " she said , "  I have seen the destruction to other parts of the town . It will be really heartbreaking if it ends up looking like other burned down areas in the forest . " CNN 's Dave Alsup and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : Firefighters are "  making good progress " battling Beaver Creek blaze NEW : So far , the fire has scorched 106,000 and cost $ 11.6 million , officials say NEW : Officials now say they are "  cautiously optimistic " about containing the blaze
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia Capitol police corporal was grazed by a bullet Wednesday afternoon during an exchange of gunfire with a man suspected of being part of a chop shop ring , authorities said . Three suspects , one of them wounded , were in custody , said Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead . The wounded officer was assisting a state trooper tracking a LoJack device in a suspected stolen motorcycle a few blocks from the Georgia Capitol in downtown Atlanta , Bankhead said . Several motorcycles were in a trailer attached to an SUV in an alley and the suspects were unloading them . The two officers approached one of the suspects shortly before 2 p.m. at an alleyway . One suspect brandished a weapon and a gun battle ensued , authorities said . The corporal was wounded by gunfire . CNN affiliates WSB-TV and WXIA reported the trooper wounded the suspected shooter shortly afterward . The police officer suffered a flesh wound in the head and was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital . WSB-TV reported he was released from the hospital . The injured suspect was taken to the same hospital and underwent surgery , Bankhead said . His condition was not available . Witnesses recalled a wild scene as swarms of officers looked for the two other suspects , who were found in a building by SWAT officers . Charges were pending Wednesday evening . The GBI and Atlanta Police Department will determine whether all of the motorcycles were stolen , Bankhead said . One of the suspects has an uspecified outstanding warrant in Fayette County , south of Atlanta , the GBI said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this article .	NEW : Three suspects , one of them wounded , are in custody Officer wounded while looking into stolen motorcycles report The Georgia Capitol police officer was grazed in the shooting
CNN  -- Lauren Parsekian and Molly Thompson are two young filmmakers who met at Pepperdine University in California in 2005 . A bystander could easily look at their naturally pretty faces and fit bodies and assume : "  These are the popular girls . Surely they 've never been insulted or ignored , certainly never had to deal with being bullied . " They 'd be wrong . "  The two of us have really personal experiences with what we call girl-against-girl crime , " says Parsekian , who co-founded the nonprofit organization Kind Campaign with Thompson in 2009 to try to stop this pattern of harassment . As she elaborates on a past where middle school became torture , filled with flying rumors and drama that led to an eating disorder and a seventh-grade suicide attempt , the cliche "  never judge a book by its cover " comes to mind . For Thompson , her experience with the brutality of "  girl world " came in her junior year of high school when a former friend started spreading rumors about her . "  I feel so lucky to be able to travel all over the country and talk to girls and boys about some of these really dark times that we find ourselves in , " says Thompson . "  Letting them know that there is hope and that together we can change . " That spirit of transformation through kindness is the driving force behind their nonprofit and the documentary "  Finding Kind , " which the two produced in 2009 . In the film , the two friends drive across the country interviewing hundreds of women and discuss how females treat one another . "  The message that we 're trying to get across is to not only have a really honest dialogue about the really damaging effects of broken relationships between females , but really figuring out why it is that girls are so competitive and hard on one another rather than seeing each other as allies , " says Parsekian . As representatives of Kind Campaign , both have dedicated the past four years of their lives to addressing this aspect of bullying . Through their movie , they begin to facilitate honest conversation between girls and women of all ages . They follow that presentation with two interactive features : the kind pledge and kind apologies . A pledge requires students to declare an action step they can take toward being kinder to their peers . Both women say , though , it 's the kind apology where progress lies . In this exercise , girls ask for forgiveness from those they 've hurt for the things they 've said or done . Thompson saw firsthand how much a sincere apology can mend relationships . "  The very last day of school the girl who started the rumors and turned all my friends against me had the courage to apologize to me for what she had done . And I think her apology really helped me to be able to take that in and forgive her and move on , " she says . As October is Bullying Awareness Month , the women recently left for their fourth nationwide tour of schools . They say it will be their last journey . They are currently in production on a "  Kind Kit " which will include a recorded version of their school assembly program , the film "  Finding Kind , " and a yearlong curriculum they say is endorsed by self-esteem expert and author Jessica Weiner  who also appears in the documentary  . Parsekian says this packaged material will reach hundreds more schools than the pair could by traveling to one school at a time . Reflecting on her personal journey through this issue of girl-on-girl bullying , the filmmaker highlights the message of "  Kind Campaign " : "  We 're not standing here pointing the finger and saying , ` You 're a mean girl and this is what you 're doing wrong , ' because at the end of the day , every person has been on both sides of this , and we 've all thought things or done things that we should n't have that have hurt other people in our lives . It 's really about pointing the finger at ourselves and realizing that we 're all a part of this issue , and it 's us who can really create the change . "	October is Bullying Awareness Month Molly Thompson and Lauren Parsekian started a nonprofit to address girl-on-girl bullying Their personal experiences with bullying inspired the Kind Campaign The Kind Campaign is on its fourth nationwide school tour
CNN  -- Monday , the official first day of winter , airlines were scrambling to accommodate passengers affected by the cancellation of hundreds of flights after a monster weekend winter storm blanketed a swath of the East Coast . Charlene Fisk , a filmmaker from Atlanta , Georgia , tried her best not to lose it at Hartsfield International Airport on Monday at 4:30 a.m. when she found out she would n't be getting home to upstate New York anytime soon . Her US Airways connecting flight had been canceled , so she was placed on another flight to Philadelphia , which was then canceled . She 's going to have to fly to Chicago on Monday evening , hopefully stay the night with friends and then hop on a standby flight to Syracuse . Her family will have to drive about an hour from their home to pick her up . "  Passengers are talking about renting cars together and just driving home , " Fisk said . US Airways is picking up the tab to fly Fisk to Chicago . And while some airlines are offering refunds , a spokesman for Delta Air Lines said the company is providing weather waivers that allow passengers to reschedule without a penalty if they were scheduled to travel before Christmas . Another strong winter system will be developing by Tuesday in the Rockies . The system will take a track through the central Plains , Midwest , and into the western Great Lakes . Winter storm and blizzard watches are already in effect for the Central Plains for Tuesday night through Thursday . Severe weather also will be possible from Dallas and Houston , Texas , to Little Rock , Arkansas , and New Orleans , Louisiana . On Monday , CNN correspondent Susan Candiotti was taking her first day of vacation when she began a chaotic journey from Newark , New Jersey . Already with boarding pass in hand , she spent nearly two hours in three different lines because agents were unsure which line passengers should be in , she said . Another agent eventually told Candiotti and others to go directly to TSA security where they got in another line . A different Continental agent then lead them to an upper floor to check their bags . Then , they were sent back to security and she made it to her 8:45 a.m. flight gate with 10 minutes to spare only to learn that the flight had been postponed until around 11 a.m. , when it eventually took off for Columbus , Ohio . Her final destination is northern Kentucky which she 'll eventually reach once her sister picks her up in Ohio and drives her home . "  My experience today was nothing compared to many people we interviewed  on Sunday  who stood in line for three or four hours , " Candiotti said . "  One student trying to get to Denver had to spend two sleepless nights at the airport . So , my delay pales by comparison . " Washington 's Dulles and Reagan National airports saw snowfall of 18 inches and 16.4 inches respectively on Sunday , the highest one-day totals ever for December . Alison Young posted on her Facebook page that she 's glad her brother finally made it to Omaha , Nebraska . He arrived at 3 a.m. central time on Monday . He began his journey at 7 a.m. Sunday at Reagan National , had to scramble to find a flight out of Dulles , went through Denver and then made it home . "  Ca n't wait to attempt my own trek home Tuesday , " Young joked . American Airlines said it would add extra flights , use bigger planes where possible and reflow passengers to other flights . Passengers who were affected can switch flights with no change fees through Thursday , said Charley Wilson , airline spokesman . Continental Airlines said though flights are extremely full because of the Christmas season , staffers are working on a "  case-by-case basis " to ensure passengers get home for the holidays . Passengers can also get a refund or change their flights for free at Continental 's Web site or through the 800 number , said spokeswoman Mary Clark . Areas from the Mid-Atlantic through the Northeast set snowfall records this weekend . Record snow blanketed some areas Sunday , including 23 inches in Bethesda , Maryland , and 24 inches in Medford , New Jersey . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , received 23.2 inches -- its second-highest snowfall ever in a single event . Two people were killed in weather-related crashes , the Virginia State Police said Sunday , and "  there are two additional deaths that are likely related to the winter storm . " The storm , known as a nor'easter , blanketed the mid-Atlantic region and the heavily populated Interstate 95 corridor . Meanwhile , western North Carolina residents were digging out from the powerful storm . In Washington , Mayor Adrian M. Fenty said the storm is "  perhaps the biggest we 've seen in several years . " "  We are going to throw everything we have at it to keep the District open for business on this busy pre-holiday weekend , " Fenty said when he announced the snow emergency . But , he also urged residents to stay put in their homes . "  We urge everyone if you do n't have to go anywhere , wait . We should have a lot of streets ready to go by rush hour Monday . And , hopefully , all of it done between Monday and Wednesday . " Nine people were taken to a hospital after a bus and a city snow plow collided , a D.C. fire official said . The injuries were not considered serious .	Monster weekend winter storm blankets a swath of the East Coast Atlanta passenger put on two canceled flights , must hopscotch home Stranded in NY : "  You sort of crumble once , get it over with and then put on a smile " At least four deaths have been linked to the winter storm , officials say
CNN Student News  -- October 21 , 2014 Six months after hundreds of schoolgirls were kidnapped in Nigeria , the country 's government says there 's been a breakthrough in securing their release . We report on the hope and skepticism surrounding the announcement . We also cover news from the Middle East and North America , and we have a look at how robots are helping find bombs and save lives . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- With the strength of Bashar al-Assad 's forces diminishing in Syria 's civil war , global fears are mounting that Syria might unleash chemical weapons to quash the country 's uprising . The government insists it would never use chemical weapons on its own people . But world leaders say Syria 's desperation could lead to even more tragedy in the war-torn country . So what exactly are chemical weapons , and what could they do to the human body ? A primer : -- What kinds of weapons are we talking about ? Military analysts believe Syria may have one of the largest stockpiles of chemical weapons in the world . Specifically , the supply could include sarin , mustard and VX gases . U.S. intelligence indicates Syria has mixed chemical compounds needed to make sarin -- a deadly agent that can quickly kill thousands . Opinion : Do n't wait for Syria to cross the ` red line ' -- How do these chemicals affect the body ? Sarin gas is an odorless nerve agent that can cause convulsions , paralysis and respiratory failure . Nerve agents are the most toxic and rapidly acting of the known chemical warfare agents , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Sarin quickly evaporates from liquid to vapor form and disperse into the environment . It also mixes easily with water and can poison a water supply . VX is another nerve agent that can be lethal when inhaled . It can also be dispersed in a liquid form ; even a few small drops on the skin can lead to the same effects as sarin gas . "  Compared with the nerve agent sarin  also known as GB  , VX is considered to be much more toxic by entry through the skin and somewhat more toxic by inhalation , " the CDC said . Mustard gas -- also known as sulfur mustard -- leaves chemical burns on the skin , eyes and even the lungs when inhaled . It was commonly used in World War I . While mustard gas can be fatal , it also can disable victims and can cause cancer or permanent blindness . Syria 's endgame in sight as rebels advance -- How are chemical weapons deployed ? Syria could deliver chemical agents through a variety of ammunition , such as bombs dropped from aircraft , Scud surface-to-surface missiles , artillery shells or rockets , according to Jeffrey White of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . -- How long do the dangers linger ? A person 's clothing can emit sarin for about 30 minutes after exposure to sarin vapor , which can lead to exposure of other people , the CDC said . Sarin can also be ingested though contaminated food . VX gas evaporates very slowly , at about the same rate as motor oil . As with sarin , it can also be emitted from clothing for up to half an hour after exposure . Sulfur mustard , however , can stay in the environment for a few days under average weather conditions and up to months under very cold conditions , according to the CDC . -- How devastating can chemical attacks get ? One of the most horrific chemical attacks on a civilian area occurred 25 years ago , when Saddam Hussein unleashed chemical weapons in Iraq 's Kurdish city of Halabja . The attack left thousands dead and thousands more wounded . -- What 's the risk of Syria using chemical weapons on foreigners ? While Syria has vowed it would never use "  unconventional weapons " or weapons of mass destruction against its citizens , it gave a stern warning to other countries who might try to intervene militarily in the Syrian conflict : "  All the stocks of these weapons that the Syrian Arab Republic possesses are monitored and guarded by the Syrian army . These weapons are meant to be used only and strictly in the event of external aggression against the Syrian Arab Republic , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said in July . But with no end in sight to Syria 's 21-month conflict , some are n't so sure Syria will keep its promise . "  For the first time in the history of the Chemical Weapons Convention  CWC  , which entered into force in April 1997 , there are serious concerns that chemical weapons might be used , " said Ahmet Uzumcu , director-general of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . U.S. President Barack Obama warned Syria that any deployment of chemical agents would be catastrophic . "  The use of chemical weapons is and would be totally unacceptable , " Obama said this week . "  And if you make the tragic mistake of using these weapons , there will be consequences , and you will be held accountable . " CNN 's Tom Foreman , Barbara Starr and Tim Langmaid contributed to this report .	Analysts believe Syria 's stockpile may include sarin , mustard and VX gases Sarin gas is odorless and can cause convulsions , paralysis and respiratory failure The Syrian government insists it would never use chemical weapons on its own people Analysts say the government 's increasing desperation may result in chemical weapons use
CNN  -- A 48-year-old man faces several charges stemming from a flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Portland , Oregon , authorities said . Donald Robert Welty is suspected of attempted assault on a police officer , disorderly conduct and harassment , according to Ansley Bernatz of Multnomah County Detention Center in Oregon . He is out on bail after his arrest Thursday . The Portland man faced federal charges of interference with flight crew and assault of a federal official , but the U.S. Marshals Service dropped a hold on Welty 's detainment , Bernatz said . Details about the incident onboard were not immediately available . Representatives for the U.S. Marshals did not immediately return calls for comment . Anthony Black , a spokesman for Delta , told CNN the airline "  cooperated with the air marshals while in flight and provided assistance once it was on the ground in Portland . " Delta did not provide any further information . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Donald Welty is suspected of attempted assault on a police officer Welty is out on bail
CNN  -- The 22nd Winter Olympic Games are halfway done in Sochi , Russia . Here 's a look at some key facts and figures related to what appears to be among the most expensive Olympics ever : Cost : At least $ 50 billion , including infrastructure work in and around Sochi Russia 's original cost estimate for infrastructure : $ 12 billion How much of the cost that is sports-related , not infrastructure : $ 6.4 billion Athletes : About 2,850 from 89 countries -- with India being let back into the Games on February 11 -- plus 1,650 Paralympians from 45 countries Sports : 15 Number of events : 98 , of which 12 are new Number of security officers deployed for the Games : 37,000 Number of U.S. athletes , coaches , staff and guests who have booked the services of crisis response company Global Rescue in case of emergency : 375 Days of competition : 17 , plus the opening ceremony Number of countries from which fans have come : 124 Number of media staff in Sochi : 13,477 Number of signatures on a petition by gay rights group All Out calling on Russia to eliminate "  anti-gay laws , " violence and discrimination against gay people : 406,767 , as of two days before the Games opened Amount of borscht  beet soup  expected to be prepared and served during the Games : 265,000 liters  70,000 U.S. gallons Average price of lunch for one at the Olympic Park : $ 15 Number of chefs , sous-chefs , cooks , waiters , bartenders and cashiers working the Games : 7,000 Average temperature in Sochi in February : 8.3 Celsius  47 Fahrenheit  , the warmest ever at the Winter Olympics Number of people the Olympic Park holds : 75,000 Number of volunteers helping with the Games : 25,000 Distance the Olympic torch traveled to the Games : 40,000 kilometers  nearly 25,000 miles  , including into space , over 123 days Expected television audience : 3 billion Sources : CNN , Sochi Winter Olympic Games Organizing Committee , Russian Interior Ministry , Reuters CNN 's Chris Eldergill , Tom Bouchier Hayes , Alla Eshchenko and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Fans have come from 124 countries , organizers say NEW : 13,477 media personnel are covering the Games The Sochi Winter Olympics are expected to cost at least $ 50 billion The Games are guarded by about 37,000 security officers
CNN  -- A suicide bomber attacked police officers and cadets outside an academy in Yemen 's capital on Wednesday , killing at least 10 people , according to a statement from the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . The bomber died after being taken to a hospital , the release said . The blast happened around 1:30 p.m. at the police academy in downtown Sanaa , four Interior Ministry officials said . At least 19 people were wounded , four of them critically , the embassy said . "  Yemen will counter the evil of terrorism with honor and bravery , " Adel Al-Suneini , charge d'affaires for the embassy , said in the statement . "  Al Qaeda today is not only facing the military and security services but also the fury of the Yemeni public . " Officials in Yemen said the blast bears the hallmarks of an attack by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . A Yemeni government official told CNN that the suicide bomber attacked as a crowd of people was leaving through the academy 's main gate . "  This is as cowardly as it gets . These are cadets , not soldiers , not fighters , " said the official , who requested anonymity . The attack signals that al Qaeda is trying to demoralize the police force and scare people from joining the security forces , the official said . "  But it 's a miscalculation . This will actually encourage society , which has been cooperating with the government , to fight al Qaeda more , " the official said . Wednesday 's attack happened about 1 1/2 miles from the site of a blast in May that appeared to be the deadliest attack ever on troops in Yemen . An affiliate of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for that explosion , which killed at least 101 soldiers and injured more than 220 as troops prepared for a national ceremony .	NEW : Blast appeared to be work of a suicide bomber , who died at a hospital , official says NEW : Officials blame al Qaeda but say public will fight back Bombing targeted cadets in Sanaa , the capital of Yemen At least 19 people also wounded , embassy official says
WIRED  -- Sergey Brin has once again hit the town with Project Glass -- but this time he let someone else wear Google 's augmented reality headset . California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom wore the specs on "  The Gavin Newsom Show , " and later told Wired about his brief experience with one of the world 's most rarefied pieces of technology . "  You can easily forget you have them on , and sense the capacity of use in the future , " Newsom told us , adding the headset felt incredibly light , comfortable and inconspicuous on his head . Brin and his wife , Anne Wojcicki , appeared on Newsom 's Current TV talk show Wednesday May 23 to discuss Project Glass and Sergey 's work in the Google X labs . On the show , Brin also provided our first glimpse into how the Google Glass interface is navigated . In the video , Brin navigates the system via a touchpad on the right side of the headset behind the display . He slides his finger forward and back to locate a photo he took of Gavin Newsom with the contraption . He then places the headset on Newsom 's face , and continues to navigate until the photo is located . He also tells Newsom , "  Do n't touch the pad on the side " while setting up the headset for the talk show host . Unfortunately for inquiring minds , when Newsom asked how the photo was taken , Brin did n't answer . Newsom told Wired that he was impressed by the image quality of the display in the glasses . The politician-slash-talk-show-host noted that the lighting on his set is less than ideal for demoing a display , but nonetheless the "  image was remarkably clear . " As for interacting with the real world while wearing the glasses , Newsom said he found it easy to quickly focus on Brin and Wojcicki sitting across the desk , and then refocus to the image of himself displayed in the headset 's screen . After returning the glasses to his own face , Brin swiped down on the touchpad of the glasses and continued the interview . The down-swipe could possibly be used to exit the photo album he was demoing to Newsom . Whatever the case , Brin 's swipes answer questions about how the interface is navigated . Brin told Newsom that he brought a rough prototype . "  I have some hopes to maybe get it out sometime next year , " he told Newsom , "  but that 's still a little bit of a hope . " With this in mind , it 's possible that what Newsom demoed on Wednesday could change radically before the final production model hits the market . Nonetheless , even at this early stage , the glasses are impressive , Newsom says . He told Wired that the headset was "  a heck of a lot further along than people have imagined . " The Google co-founder told Newsom that Google X is now his primary focus at Google . His team has been working on the glasses for two to three years , and Brin as been involved for the past year . Brin also explains why Google is working on the technology : "  The idea is that you want to be free to experience the world without futzing with a phone . " One concern with wearable computers is that they 're cumbersome wardrobe additions . To this point , Newsom told us that he was surprised by "  how unremarkable the glasses are except for the remarkable feature . " That said , when asked if he would actually wear the glasses himself -- you know , in public -- the lieutenant governor replied , "  I have n't seen the video yet , so I 'll withhold judgment until I see myself . I 'm hoping this is n't my Dukakis moment . " If you want to watch the full interview , the show airs on Current TV at 11 p.m. ET  8 p.m. PT  on Friday and throughout the weekend . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google Glass is the company 's augmented reality project Prototype glasses display digital info on top of the real world California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom tried on the glasses He hosted a Google co-founder on Current TV 's "  The Gavin Newsom Show "
CNN  -- The upheaval in Ukraine has spiraled into an increasingly tense dispute between Russia and the West . The United States and many European countries are demanding that Moscow scale back its deployment of troops in Ukraine 's southern region of Crimea . But Russian President Vladimir Putin so far appears unfazed by the pressure . By Russia 's account , its soldiers are protecting the human rights of worried , vulnerable Russian speakers . But in the U.S. view , Russia is violating international law . Caught in the middle is Ukraine 's shaky new government . With armed men are locked in an uneasy standoff in Crimea , the consequences could be deadly . And their effects may ripple out far beyond Ukraine 's corner of Eastern Europe . What is Russia trying to achieve ? Some commentators have suggested that Putin has overplayed his hand by sending troops into Crimea , creating a situation that will hurt both Ukraine and Russia . But others say it 's a calculated move based on the assessment that the West will fail to come up with a strong , unified response . "  Putin 's broader plan is to recreate some kind of ` Soviet Union lite , ' a ring of countries under Moscow 's control , with the goal of boosting Russia 's geopolitical standing , " Ulrich Speck , a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Europe think tank in Brussels , writes in an opinion article for CNN . If Putin gets what he wants in Ukraine , Speck says it augurs badly for other neighboring countries with Russian populations . He points to Moscow 's "  de facto-annexation " of the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia after the war between Russia and Georgia in 2008 . "  Beyond Ukraine , this conflict is also a defining moment for future Russian foreign policy , " Speck says . "  If Moscow succeeds in Ukraine , it will come to the conclusion that it can act like an empire . " On the ground in Crimea : Relaxed but eerie What options are available to the U.S. and the West ? Washington is preparing potential sanctions that could freeze the overseas assets of Russian individuals and companies and impose travel bans on some Russian officials . But for many of the measures to really bite , Obama needs to get key European allies on board , some of whom appear reluctant to take too hard a line on Russia . The United States has already halted trade and investment talks and military-to-military engagements with Russia . Questions remain over how broad the sanctions will be , and whether the United States can persuade its European allies to implement them . "  Inside the EU there is no unity about the proper reaction , " says Speck . One option for defusing the crisis , mentioned by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , would be the deployment of international monitors in the Crimea to provide the protection to Russian citizens that Moscow says its troops are providing . But Russia is n't showing any signs it intends to pull back its soldiers for the time being . What can Obama do about Russia 's invasion of Crimea ? Why does n't the United States respond militarily ? Nobody in Washington appears eager for a military confrontation with America 's nuclear-armed former Cold War opponent . "  The last thing anybody wants is a military option in this kind of situation , " said Secretary of State John Kerry . U.S. officials say they are trying to find a way to deescalate the situation in Ukraine rather than provoke a wider conflagration . But the situation would become a more complicated if Russia moves troops beyond Crimea into other parts of Ukraine , risking an all-out war with Kiev . Some people are suggesting measures that include a military element but do n't go as far as direct confrontation . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina called for the revival of plans for a NATO missile defense shield in Poland that Russia had strongly opposed . What is Russia 's interest in Ukraine ? What are the wider effects of the crisis ? The standoff has had a significant effect in global markets , pushing up the price of oil . Russia is a key exporter of oil and natural gas . But experts say the world 's need for Russian energy supplies -- and Russia 's need for the revenue generated -- should ensure the taps stay open throughout the crisis . Concerns over Moscow 's involvement in Ukraine has hurt Russia 's currency , the ruble , as well as its stock markets . The share prices of international companies that are heavily invested in Russia have also suffered . Ukraine , meanwhile , is one of the world 's top exporters of corn and wheat , whose prices could rise on concern those exports could come to a halt . What is Ukraine saying ? Ukraine 's Interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , who has accused Moscow of declaring war , vowed that his government would not give up Crimea . "  Nobody will give Crimea away , " he said . "  There are no grounds for the use of force against civilians and Ukrainians , and for the entry of the Russian military contingent , " Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said that if diplomacy fails to persuade Moscow to withdraw its forces from the Ukrainian region of Crimea , the world should apply the "  strongest means " on Russia . Asked by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour if she was calling for the West to use military force against Russia , Tymoshenko avoided giving a direct answer , saying she "  can not solve this issue . " Russia says that ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , whom Moscow still recognizes as the country 's legitimate leader , requested that Russia send in military forces . What is the atmosphere like in Crimea ? Reporters on the ground say the standoff is a strange one . Russian soldiers wearing no military insignia have taken up positions around the region . They have blockaded Ukrainian troops in their bases . But for the time being , the situation remains surprisingly calm . It has been "  a very low-key kind of invasion , " CNN correspondent Diana Magnay reported Monday from Simferopol , the Crimean capital . But Russian forces "  have complete operational control of the Crimean peninsula , " a senior U.S. administration official told CNN . It appears that there is a "  war of information " in the region "  between those who watch Russian state TV and those who are getting their news from the West , none of them listening to the calls from Kiev for unity in this country , " Magnay reported .	The presence of Russian troops in Ukraine 's Crimea has ratcheted up tensions U.S. President Barack Obama appears to have limited options to pressure Russia A military response is n't considered to be a realistic possibility The crisis is roiling global markets , pushing up the price of oil and hurting the ruble
CNN  -- Courthouses and other government buildings in 30 Tennessee counties received bomb threats Tuesday , a state official said , making it the fifth state this month to see a similar round of false alarms . No explosive devices had been found in any of the counties where threats were called in , said Dalya Qualls , a spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Homeland Security . Qualls said county courthouses , as well as federal and state buildings , received threats on Tuesday . Tennessee 's bomb scares came eight days after similar threats were made to 28 courthouses and a state office building in Oregon and within a month of similar incidents around Nebraska and Washington , according to Oregon state police . Qualls said Tennessee Highway Patrol officers are assisting local authorities as needed , but the threats were still being investigated at the local level Tuesday evening . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Jennifer Hauser contributed to this report .	Bomb threats were called in to buildings in 30 Tennessee counties Similar rounds of false alarms have hit Oregon , Washington and Nebraska
CNN  -- After his inauguration , if President Barack Obama needs real-time intelligence on crises around the world , he is likely to do it in the Situation Room , the ultra-secure conference room in the White House . It 's a place this new president may be seeing a lot of . Interconnected crises : Afghan children hold toy guns in an anti-Israel protest . During the election campaign , Obama often talked about Iraq , a war he opposed , and his plan to withdraw troops within 16 months . He stressed the need to increase U.S. forces in Afghanistan . He criticized Russia for moving its troops into Georgia . Ultimately , however , the campaign hinged on the economy . Substantive debate over the long list of international challenges facing the United States never happened . As soon as he lowers his hand after taking the oath of office , this new president is responsible for steering the United States through the stormy waters of foreign policy dangers . He must decide not only which issues to take on , but when to take them on . But , in this interconnected world , the U.S. president can not dictate the timing of world events . Crises can hit at any time . An effective president must be ready to act quickly while , at the same time , keeping his long-term focus on strategic priorities . And everywhere he looks , a raft of questions need answering . So , where does Obama start ? Israel-Palestinians The conflict between Israel and the Palestinians conflict flared up again with deadly results just as Obama prepares to take office . The Bush administration 's last ditch efforts at forging a final status agreement between Israel and Palestine is in tatters . Will the new president continue the Bush policy of close alliance with Israel ? Or will he talk tough to his Israelis allies , urging them to refrain from air attacks and to stop building new settlements while , at the same time , pressing the Palestinians to stop their rocket attacks on Israel and crack down on terrorism ? Should he pull out all the stops , trying for a high-stakes strategy of brokering peace and a two-state solution ? Or should he just try to put out the immediate fire ? Iraq President Obama takes office as the new Strategic Framework Agreement between the U.S. and Iraq , along with the Security Agreement governing the presence of U.S. forces in the country , goes into effect . U.S. forces will now operate under new rules with the Iraqi military officially taking the lead . U.S. forces are scheduled to be withdrawn by the end of 2011 . But will Iraqi soldiers and police be up to the task of guaranteeing security for Iraqi citizens ? By December 31 , 2011 will Iraq really be stable enough for U.S. troops to leave ? Afghanistan Obama wants Afghanistan , not Iraq , to be the central front in the battle against terrorism . With attacks by the Taliban and other extremist groups on the rise , Afghanistan is sinking into chaos . Obama calls the situation "  urgent " and wants to send more troops . Commanders in Afghanistan are asking for up to 30,000 additional troops , joining the 36,000 already there . But , beyond the number of soldiers , what is Obama 's strategy to win the war in Afghanistan ? Can he convince NATO allies to contribute more troops when they refused similar requests from President Bush ? Can he "  regionalize " his approach to the war , involving countries like Iran in the solution ? How will he carry out his plan to target al Qaeda ? Can U.S. forces finally capture Osama bin Laden ? Iran Iran 's political power in the region is growing . Tehran is moving forward with efforts to enrich uranium and , some fear , ultimately produce enough for a nuclear bomb . In one of the most controversial issues of the U.S. presidential campaign Obama said he was willing to talk with the United States ' enemies . Will he follow through with Iran ? What if Israel carries out a pre-emptive strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities before the talking is over ? Pakistan Pakistan 's border regions have become havens for terrorists including , experts believe , Osama bin Laden . The Bush administration focused its relationship with nuclear-armed Pakistan on the military under General Pervez Musharraf , an uneasy alliance dictated by the war on terrorism . But concentrating on the military meant ignoring Pakistan 's civilian government . How will Barack Obama balance the need to work with the military and security forces of Pakistan without undermining Pakistan 's already-weakened democracy which , in turn , leads to more instability ? Russia In the wake of war in Georgia , U.S.-Russian relations are in their worst state since the end of the Cold War and the potential for serious conflict between Washington and Moscow is growing . Russia experts are urging Obama to review the relationship from top to bottom , establishing with Moscow new "  rules of the game " that would avoid the current cycle of U.S. lecturing and Russia blustering . Will Obama follow their advice and work with Russia as an equal on challenges like Iran and nuclear non-proliferation ? Financial meltdown The world-wide financial crisis is not just an economic issue ; it can limit the ability of the new president to project U.S. power internationally . Potentially it could destabilize countries . Many other nations , including America 's friends , blame the origins of the crisis on the U.S. , and Obama will need as many friends as he can get -- plus a coordinated world response -- to end this meltdown . A World Transformed One of the biggest challenges facing the new U.S. president is not a country , or an international leader , it 's the world itself in which power -- economic and political -- is shifting . New players are emerging : Brazil , Russia , India , and China , the so-called "  BRIC " countries . Non-traditional issues like climate change are playing an increasing role in the United States ' foreign policy . So is competition for energy supplies . From his seat in the White House Situation Room , President Obama will see a world filled with threats -- and opportunities . By establishing his priorities early , he can be ready for both .	Israel-Palestinians flared up again during the presidential transition period Iraq and Afghanistan and their role in the war on terror Obama will need international help to battle the global financial meltdown How Obama reacts to crises will define his presidency
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ramin Ostadhosseini needed to vent , and this gathering seemed the place to do it . Teens at Camp Ayandeh learn how to blend their parents ' history and culture with their contemporary lifestyles . "  I get Raymond , Roman and sometimes Ramen noodles , " he told the circle , describing how non-Iranians butcher his name . This group felt his pain . Here , sprawled out on a manicured lawn at Emory University were dozens of youths attending a weeklong summer camp designed to generate discussion on what it means to be Iranian-American . Like many attending Camp Ayandeh -- or "  future " in Farsi -- Ramin has parents who were born in Tehran and immigrated to the United States after the Iranian revolution in 1979 . Born in Baltimore , Maryland , six years after the revolution , Ramin grew up with two distinct and , at times conflicting , influences : the American side that met him at school and the Iranian one that greeted him at home . It 's a first-generation story as old as the United States . It 's so common that Ayandeh counselors said the camp was created three years ago to address both Iranian and American parts of a new generation of Iranian-American youth -- a community they define as being "  hyphenated . " Watch campers learn how to accept their backgrounds " "  We 're really becoming mindful of how we define things , " said Natasha Sallahi , a first-time counselor and aspiring filmmaker . "  We realize that sometimes one word does n't cover it all . So we 're trying to create better definitions ... by putting two things -LSB- Iranian-American -RSB- together . " Camp Ayandeh is sponsored annually by Iranian Alliances Across Borders , a largely volunteer organization funded by individual donors and PARSA , a California-based philanthropic organization . First established on Thompson Island off eastern Massachusetts , Ayandeh began its gradual migration south the second year -- setting up at a campgrounds near Fairfax , Virginia . Iranian-American teens from high schools across the nation now flock to the new Georgia address to learn about their heritage and ask questions that range from relationships and college admissions to sexual orientation and discrimination -- issues that can come with distinctly different social parameters than their parents were once accustomed to in Iran . Camp counselor Siavash Samei remembers such angst all too well . "  There was not a single person that I could look at and say , ` He is me , ' " Samei said , describing an absence of elder Iranian-American role models . " ` He is what I can do . He can snap and he can dance . And at the same time , he can talk English without an accent . ' " After two years as a camper , Samei returned this summer as counselor to help answer many of the same questions that plagued him a few years earlier . The typical adolescent anxieties and struggles were mixed with another layer of cultural confusion . "  As a high school student , I had a horrible time , " he said . "  One day I would come into school very dressed up thinking , ` I 'm looking Iranian . ' One day I would be wearing the baggy pants and dressed completely American . And I had no clue which one was right . " According to the U.S. Census Bureau , nearly 400,000 Iranian-Americans live in the United States . The largest wave of Iranian immigrants came to the U.S. immediately following the ouster of the Shah of Iran and the Islamic-led revolution in 1979 . Nearly three decades later , a new generation of Iranian-American youths are struggling to define themselves in these "  hyphenated " communities . Bobak Moazami , a 17-year-old kid from Manhattan 's Upper West Side , said he likes to think of himself equally as part of both communities . "  I eat American food for lunch , " he said . "  Every day at school I have a grilled chicken sandwich . Then I come home and have chelo kabob or qormeh-sabzi . " For many of these students , traditional Iranian dishes such as qormeh-sabzi -- a stew of herbs and beef or lamb -- are a part of a heritage that at one time could only be preserved by their families . But with campers rediscovering pride in their cultural heritage , these teens are learning how to blend their parents ' history and culture with their contemporary lifestyles . Put simply , why not appreciate the old-world beats of the tonbak alongside the edgy lyrics of Kanye West ? At Camp Ayandeh , games of "  vasati , " or Iranian dodgeball , and Iranian dancing sessions are scheduled next to public speaking and college prep workshops . And the campers bring their bicultural experiences back home . "  I read about American literature in the morning -LSB- at school -RSB- , " Moazami said . "  We talk about great English poets like Shakespeare and Lord Byron , and then I come home and experience another set of great -LSB- Iranian -RSB- poets such as Hafez and Saadi . " Nava Behnam , a 17-year-old who 's attended the camp twice , has a story that started out slightly different from most of those at Ayandeh . Unlike many of the American-born campers , Behnam immigrated to the United States at 5 after being born in Tehran . She has experienced little in the way of Iranian culture and tradition outside her home in Rockville , Maryland . "  I was never really surrounded by it too much , " she said . "  Or if I was , it was Persian gatherings with my parents where I 'd sit in the back and be bored and have nothing to do . " Twelve years after arriving in the U.S. , Behnam is part of a loyal following that returns to Camp Ayandeh each year . "  I come here to find my roots and to come to terms with where I belong and where I come from , " she said . After going to Camp Ayandeh , Behnam said she now has "  an appreciation for Persian culture and our customs , " even though she still describes herself as "  just another teenage girl going to high school in America . "	Camp Ayandeh helps Iranian-American youth come to terms with both cultures Iranian Alliances Across Borders sponsors summer camp Nearly 400,000 Iranian-Americans live in the U.S. , Census Bureau says Teen at camp says she has learned "  an appreciation for Persian culture "
CNN  Lady Gaga is joining the "  American Horror Story " family . The Grammy-winning pop culture icon has been tapped to star in Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk 's FX anthology , The Hollywood Reporter has learned . Gaga -- aka Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta -- will make her series regular acting debut on the fifth season of the horror series . She becomes the first confirmed casting for the next incarnation of the Emmy-nominated drama . See More : ` American Horror Story 's ' Most Memorable Deaths : Which is the Most Shocking ? Gaga 's casting  which comes shorty after Oscars tribute to Julie Andrews dominated social media as well as her engagement to Chicago Fire star Taylor Kinney  is the latest coup for Murphy , who previously persuaded leading ladies including Jessica Lange and Kathy Bates to join his ever-evolving AHS . Gaga also becomes the latest pop icon to join one of Murphy 's shows after former American Idol breakout Adam Lambert nabbed a recurring role on Fox 's Glee . Details about the premise of season five are being kept under wraps . But the season 's subtitle is typically announced during PaleyFest in March . Her role also comes after "  Freak Show , " the fourth incarnation of the anthology , featured a number of musical performances by cast members Lange , Sarah Paulson and Evan Peters . The casting continues Murphy 's relationship with Gaga , who ranks as one of the world 's most influential people and holds 13 Guinness World Records and who has been an advocate for the LGBT community . Fox 's musical dramedy Glee previously featured an entire tribute episode to Gaga during its freshman season and has featured a number of her iconic songs including "  Poker Face , " "  Bad Romance , " "  Telephone " and "  Born This Way , " among others . For Gaga , the role marks her largest TV gig to date and first series regular scripted gig after multiple appearances on unscripted fare including "  So You Think You Can Dance , " "  The X Factor " and "  American Idol . " For "  AHS , " meanwhile , Gaga 's casting arrives as the future of the anthology 's leading ladies remains in question . Star Lange has repeatedly said that season four -- Freak Show -- would likely be her last ; co-star Sarah Paulson is set to star as Marcia Clark in Murphy 's FX anthology "  American Crime Story : The People vs. O.J. Simpson ; " and Emma Roberts is poised to topline Fox 's horror comedy anthology "  Scream Queens " alongside "  Glee 's " Lea Michele . Two-time co-star Taissa Farmiga  "  Murder House , " "  Coven "  recently signed on to co-star in ABC 's anthology , "  L.A. Crime . " Bates , meanwhile , is expected to return for season five . Gaga is repped by WME and Grubman Shire . Season five of American Horror Story will likely debut in October ; a specific premiere date has not yet been determined .	The singer will make her series acting debut Creator Ryan Murphy is a Gaga fan It will be her largest TV gig to date
CNN  -- The website for London law firm Doughty Street Chambers crashed Tuesday after reports emerged that human rights attorney Amal Alamuddin , who married George Clooney in late September , had changed her name to Amal Clooney , as seen on her professional profile page . Everyone had to see for themselves -- and , predictably , throw up their collective arms in response . Could it be ? Could it be that this strong , career-driven woman so not-in-need of a man that she 'd waited 36 years to get married really have done something as oppressive as take on her husband 's name ? In Elle , Natalie Matthews admitted "  a twinge of disappointment . ... Women keeping their maiden names is not just a rare phenomenon but a decreasing one , " as if she expected Amal to help fight the trend . "  Dear Mrs. Clooney , " an open letter by Tracy Spicer on the website The Hoopla began , "  why why , WHY , in 2014 , would you take your husband 's name ? You 're an appendage , an accoutrement , a chattel : Mrs. Clooney . And I thought progressives were supposed to be -- well -- progressive ... ? " Wrote another , "  Just think of how absurd it would be if Clooney called himself George Alamuddin . " Oh , boy . My question : Who says that a woman 's entire identity is rooted in the name she was given at birth or born into ? These days , an increasing number of women are making a name for themselves professionally , as Alamuddin has done and will surely continue to do . Opinion : Why more women spurn marriage The key phrase here being "  for themselves . " Whether that name is the one they were born with , the one they took after marriage or any combination thereof matters little . It 's just a name . And a woman need n't keep her name in order to prove , to anyone , that she is her own person . In fact , she need n't be required to prove it at all . If anything , it seems to be buying entirely into the patriarchy to dismiss Amal as being anti-feminist , or even anti-progressive , over a choice that she has , by all available evidence , made for herself . And we must assume it 's one she 's made , or agreed to make , or else are n't we 're the ones being sexist ? After all , the former Ms. Alamuddin does not seem to be a woman who has come this far in life , or career , by making decisions lightly . Abandoning the name that made her successful -- and , in her own right , famous , if not as famous as her new husband -- does not negate those successes . The truth is that many women choose not to change their names after marriage ; some for professional reasons , others for personal reasons . Some are just lazy . Do you know what a pain in the you-know-what it is to legally change your name ? And yet far more women do change their names than do n't : As much as 86 % of women , according to a 2011 survey conducted by TheKnot.com , take on their husband 's surname after marriage . And , of course , Amal might even relish being something of "  an appendage , " as Catherine Meyer , writing in Time , described Mrs. Clooney , a new celebrity whose wedding photos run in People magazine and whose choice of dress is covered by Vogue . She is accomplished , that is certain ; but now she is also George Clooney 's wife , and that is something irresistible to our celebrity-obsessed culture and perhaps irresistible to Amal , too .  He is George Clooney , after all . Perhaps she is courting attention by changing her name . Maybe it 's a good career move : Should we fault her for using what she can to get ahead ? Or should we , in fact , celebrate her for being ambitious ? That some may look to women like Amal to retain their name post-marriage is , of course , reflective of an unfair burden placed on women who reach certain levels of success , or notoriety , to please everyone and be the spokeswomen for an entire gender ever-aiming to assert itself as equal to men . By that logic , it 's not Amal 's name change that should be viewed as anti-feminist but her willingness to get married at all . Who needs men , right ? The bottom line is that Amal Alamuddin Clooney has proved herself to be her own woman , and a strong , independent , accomplished one at that , no matter how the name reads on her business card -- or , for that matter , her own paycheck . How much more do we want from her as a model of female empowerment ?	Amal Alamuddin changed her last name to Clooney after she married George Peggy Drexler notes Amal was slammed for abandoning her own name for a man 's Drexler : It 's just a name . It was her decision . She does n't have to prove anything Drexler : Successful women can be models of empowerment whatever name they have
Falls Church , Virginia  CNN  -- Garrulous and active , 79-year-old Joy Bricker presides over her hotel suite in a manner befitting a grander home . She offers tea to the staff and media with the ease of a person schooled in proper etiquette . Like many hotel guests , Bricker has learned to make herself feel comfortable , making her room a home away from home . Only , Bricker has called the Towne Place Suites by Marriott , in Falls Church , Virginia , home for more than 10 years . A former pilot , the 5-foot tour de force is finally turning in her key card , as movers wait to carry off the few labeled belongings she 'd brought in to room 202 . "  I had this chair brought up from my condo in Florida , " says Bricker . A divider serves as a mantel for framed pictures of family , separating the kitchenette and living area of her 500-square-foot suite . She 's made the hotel furniture , identical in all rooms , more personal with a blanket on a sofa and stuffed animal over a lampshade . Extended hotel stays are not so unusual , according to Carla Berberich , a general manager at the Towne Place Suites , especially for business travelers . This Virginia location is nearly half-filled , at 46 percent . But , no one has stayed as long as Bricker , who checked in on August 4 , 2001 . She is the longest extended-stay guest any Marriott hotel has seen . What brought Bricker here was a job with the Department of Housing and Urban Development , the second politically-appointed position the onetime homemaker says she accepted . But this one came when she was 68 , when many senior citizens are well settled into retirement . But , Bricker began her professional career at 50 . Years of political organizing she says led to a friendship with Elizabeth and Bob Dole and ultimately to her first job during the Reagan administration in the Department of Transportation in 1981 . A stint followed at the White House , where she worked in the campaign for A Drug Free America starting in 1986 . For the Pennsylvania native , who spent the better part of her adult life in rural Ashland , New Hampshire , the Beltway is where she has felt most at home . The death of her husband , Glenn , from cancer gave her no pause in returning to work in 2001 , which landed her at the Towne Place Suites . For less than the price of many apartment rentals in the Washington metro area  roughly $ 1,500 - $ 1,700 a month  Bricker 's room was supplied with wifi , which fueled her hours of daily online research and reading a day , and the added benefit of daily room cleaning , and round-the-clock security . Though she says she still makes her bed each day , though not nearly as well . Bricker has become a pillar of the transient , makeshift community . She 's made friends of staff and short-term neighbors alike . Next door , her new Kuwaiti friend brings traditional meals of spiced stew for them to share . "  It 's helped my appetite , " says Bricker as she acknowledges her frail frame . "  I call it community planning , " she adds , "  I turned it into a community . " Her daughter , Chris Winton , explains further , "  She turned them into family , and they accepted . " And , it was this family of hotel staff who came to her aid when last year a late-night fall landed her in the hospital with a broken hip . General Manager Bobby Bellinger was the first person Bricker saw when she awoke in her hospital bed . "  It ran through my mind how many people would have been this lucky , " says Bricker as she holds Bellinger 's hand on what will be a final visit together . Now , compounded ailments of osteoporosis and rheumatoid arthritis are forcing the fiercely independent Bricker to move in with her daughter in upstate New York . For a woman who once flew a Cherokee 180  which she says is still in the air  , she wo n't be grounded by this next phase of her life . She plans to devote her time to church . "  If I 've set a goal , I 'm going to reach it , she says . " Her goal now : "  Continue offering whatever I am able to give . I have to help . I 'm not a sitter . "	Joy Bricker has lived at a Falls Church , Virginia , hotel for over a decade Ailments are forcing her to move in with her daughter in upstate New York A job with HUD brought her to Washington in August 2001 She says she plans to devote her time to church in retirement
CNN  -- Chelsea named former Nigeria defender Michael Emenalo as the assistant first team coach of the English Premier League side , promoting the 45-year-old from head opposition scout . Emenalo has been at the London-based club since 2007 , after being brought in to the backroom staff by then manager Avram Grant , who he had played under at Israeli side Maccabi Tel Aviv in the 1990 's . A former Major League Soccer and U.S. college player , Emenalo retired from football in 2000 after a career that also saw him play in Belgium , England and Germany , as well as representing his nation in the 1994 World Cup . In a statement on their official website Chelsea said that Emenalo 's new position at the club reflects the good-work he has done for them over the last three years . "  Michael has been an important part of the first team management structure since his arrival , and his promotion is recognition of his efforts to date , " the statement read . "  Michael will continue to oversee the first team scouting operation as he makes the transition to coaching and takes on this bigger and more influential role . " Emenalo replaces former Chelsea player Ray Wilkins , after the Englishman was dismissed from his post by the club on 11 November . Current first team coach Paul Clement had been previously favored to take over the role .	Former Nigerian defender Michael Emenalo has been appointed assistant first team coach at Chelsea The 45-year-old has been at the London club as head opposition scout since 2007 Chelsea say promotion is a recognition of Emenalo 's efforts at the English Premier League side Emenalo replaces Englishman and former Chelsea-player Ray Wilkins in the role
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The Pentagon is unable to explain images of what witnesses took to be a high-altitude rocket launched off the coast of Southern California at sunset Monday , officials said . But John Pike , a defense expert who is director of GlobalSecurity.org , said he believes he has solved the mystery . "  It 's clearly an airplane contrail , " Pike said Tuesday afternoon . "  It 's an optical illusion that looks like it 's going up , whereas in reality it 's going toward the camera . The tip of the contrail is moving far too slowly to be a rocket . When it 's illuminated by the sunset , you can see hundreds of miles of it ... all the way to the horizon . "  Why the government is so badly organized that they ca n't get somebody out there to explain it and make this story go away . ... I think that 's the real story , " Pike added . "  I mean , it 's insane that with all the money we are spending , all these technically competent people , that they ca n't get somebody out there to explain what is incredibly obvious . " A U.S. Northern Command official who did n't want to be identified said the contrail could very well be from an airplane . An "  illusion " effect made the contrail appear as if it 's rising straight up , but it 's actually level , the official said . The event is similar to another sighting around New Year 's Eve in which observers believed they witnessed a missile , he said . Col. Dave Lapan , a spokesman for the Pentagon , said later Tuesday that while there is no evidence that the contrail was left by a missile the department is still investigating . No Defense Department units reported launches at the time . The North American Aerospace Defense Command and the U.S. Northern Command did not report any foreign missile launches off the California coast , Lapan added . Regardless , there was no threat to the United States , he said . Tuesday morning , the Pentagon and the North American Aerospace Defense Command were investigating video shot by a news helicopter operated by CNN affiliate KCBS/KCAL showing an ascending orange-colored contrail high into the atmosphere , officials said . A contrail is the visible vapor trail behind airplanes or rockets traveling at high altitudes . The Federal Aviation Administration , the Coast Guard , Navy , Air Force , and California Reps. Dana Rohrabacher and Jane Harman -- whose coastal districts are closest to the offshore contrails -- were at a loss to explain the images . "  The FAA ran radar replays of a large area west of Los Angeles based on media reports of the possible missile launch at approximately 5 p.m.  PT  on Monday . The radar replays did not reveal any fast moving , unidentified targets in that area , " said FAA spokesman Ian Gregor . "  The FAA did not receive reports ... of unusual sightings from pilots who were flying in the area on Monday afternoon . "  The FAA did not approve any commercial space launches around the area Monday , " he added . Lapan said that various agencies are trying to find out what happened . "  I do n't know specifically what they are all doing . I just know they have been pinged and that we are talking to the FAA , we are talking to other parts of the U.S. government . We are trying to do everything we can to figure out if anybody has any knowledge of what this event may have been , " Lapan said in off-camera comments to journalists . "  So far we have come up empty , " he added . CNN 's Charley Keyes and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon reports no missile launches Defense experts claims to solve the mystery : It 's a plane KCBS helicopter happens to catch the contrail at sunset Monday The contrails rise rapidly into the high atmosphere
Wired  -- Being a tech dad is a curse . We are always chasing the latest and greatest that tech minds are producing despite our economic status , how many kids we have or whether or not the CFO at home  the wife  will approve . We want it . We need to have it . We do n't want to wait . We do n't care what it costs . Some gadgets are are more valuable than others -- to you personally and professionally . That 's why I think the iPad is a must-have for all parents . I firmly believe that it was secretly made with kids in mind . Not only is the iPad a great tool for business needs , it 's also the secret weapon of parenting . Other than the obvious -- games , education and creativity -- there 's a slew of reasons why I think the iPad was created for kids -- at least tech-tech loving adults with kids . Reason # 1 : Your kids are going to get on your nerves Every parent has been there . You 're in a restaurant , out shopping or even chillin ' at home when your kid has a breakdown of sorts . They are uncontrollable . They wo n't zip it up no matter what the heck you do or say . Just when you 're about to flip your lid , bust out the iPad . It 's like using duct tape to cover their mouths -- but legal of course . The secret weapon app in this case , of course , has to be "  Angry Birds . " The very addictive game is simple for even your toddlers to play . My four year old is obsessed with "  Angry Birds " and even pressured my wife and me to get the plush toys . She 's that obsessed . Reason # 2 : They are bound to ask , "  Are we there yet ? " Epic car drives are the death of any parent 's sanity . If you 're lucky enough , your kids will pass out from the humming of the tires against the asphalt . However , when  and I really mean when  , your kid flies off the handle because they ca n't take another three hours before you get to Grandma 's house , bust out the iPad and get back to the tranquility of wheels on asphalt . In terms of car-ride iPad savers , I 'd have to suggest the instant classic "  Paper Toss , " "  Little Things " or "  LunchBox . " Reason # 3 : They always want you to read them a book at the most inopportune time Kids love books . That 's all good . What 's not cool is when it 's your time to put the little rascals to bed and they want you to read a book as you 're watching the game . Of course , when you say , "  go pick out a book , " they pick our the "  War and Peace " of bedtime stories . In this situation , there are a slew of kids books for the iPad that are animated , do voiceovers , etc. . You can slap on the game , put it on mute and let bedtime stories get autopiloted . Night-night , kiddos . The app that my kids seem to prefer is the "  Jack and the Beanstalk " interactive book . With some voiceover and animation , it is an entertaining book for the kids and goes by pretty quickly so you can tuck the little rascals in and head back to the couch for the game . Reason # 4 : Mother Nature likes to ruin family plans We 've all been there . You and the family have outdoor plans for the weekend and mother nature decides to dump three inches of rain over your parade . You 're stuck in the house and for the first 24 hours , the kids are good to go . However , promises of rollercoaster rides , cotton candy and games has turned into a long couch jockey session that turns the kids into anxious , rambunctious and pesky kids . A weekend stuck in the house comes with a breaking point and it 's your job as a dad to know when that is . When you sense it coming , break out the iPad and fire up "  Smurf 's Village , " "  Fruit Ninja " or the arcade classic , "  Frogger . " Reason # 5 : Ever try potty training a kid ? Other than the no-sleep thing , potty training is the worst thing a parent goes through . It 's such a frustrating experience . You know how easy it is to hit the head . You do it a zillion times a day . So , why does n't your kid get it ? Why does he insist on hiding behind the couch in the playroom and dropping something in his pants that should be quarantined by the Center for Disease Control ? Well , in comes the iPad to the rescue . Trust me on this one . Find yourself a slew of games that he likes , plop him down on the bowl and let ` er rip . It might take a few tries , but eventually , little Johnny will be tugging at your leg pants and saying , "  Yo , pops , I need to drop one . Where 's your iPad ? I have to catch up on the scores from last night 's game . " In my case , my youngest would play "  Pac-man , " "  Cut the Rope " and "  Stickman Golf . " Not sure if I was prouder of her actually doing the deed or selecting to play "  Pac-man . " My inner geek dad rejoiced . So regardless of all the PR speak that Steve Jobs fed the world when he launched the iPad and introduced the iPad 2 , do n't let him fool you . The iPad is n't a revolutionary communications tool . It 's your parental ace in the hole . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The iPad a great tool for business needs , it 's also the secret weapon of parenting The app that my kids seem to prefer is the "  Jack and the Beanstalk " interactive book In terms of car-ride iPad savers , I 'd have to suggest the instant classic "  Paper Toss "
Washington  CNN  -- A budget deal reached last week to avert a government shutdown won approval Thursday from both the House and Senate , sending it to President Barack Obama for his signature . The measure cuts $ 38.5 billion in spending while funding the government for the rest of the current fiscal year , which ends September 30 . With its passage , the White House and Congress will now focus on what are expected to be more rancorous battles over a budget for fiscal year 2012 and the upcoming need to raise the federal debt limit . A final-hour agreement last Friday in talks involving Obama , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and House Speaker John Boehner included the spending cuts demanded by Republicans as a step toward controlling America 's skyrocketing debt . The measure passed the Republican-controlled House on a 260-167 vote . The bill would not have passed without support from members of both parties , as 59 members of the Republican majority opposed it , showing the challenge faced by Boehner in keeping his conservative Tea Party-infused caucus unified . amid politically perilous tax and spending negotiations with the Democrats . The House vote also reflected growing liberal angst and anger over the impending spending reductions . Only 81 Democrats backed the measure ; House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , voted no . In the Senate , the final vote was 81-19 . Under the deal , $ 38.5 billion would be from the budget including funding from a wide range of domestic programs and services such as high-speed rail , emergency first responders and the National Endowment for the Arts . As part of the agreement , Congress also voted Thursday on measures to de-fund Planned Parenthood and Obama 's health care overhaul . As expected , both passed the House and were defeated in the Democratic-controlled Senate . One point of concern for conservatives was a report released Wednesday by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office showing that of the $ 38.5 billion in savings , only $ 352 million will actually be realized this fiscal year . Boehner insisted Thursday that all of the cuts will take effect eventually , but conceded that the analysis "  has caused some confusion " among House members . "  There are some who claim that the spending cuts in this bill ... are gimmicks , " he said on the House floor . "  I just think it is total nonsense . A cut is a cut . " Freshman Rep. Joe Walsh , R-Illinois , told CNN that the uproar "  certainly does n't help  Boehner 's  case and added that he would oppose the bill . "  I 'm disappointed , " he said . "  I just think we could have gotten more . " Regardless , the measure cleared Congress one day before the federal government 's current spending authorization expires . Negotiators narrowly avoided a partial government shutdown last week by agreeing to the deal and passing a short-term spending measure to give Congress time to review the agreement . In an interview Thursday with ABC News , Obama cited areas of agreement with Republicans in starting a process for reaching a deficit reduction agreement , but he conceded some deep-rooted differences will remain unresolved until after the 2012 elections . Obama repeated his theme from Wednesday 's speech on fiscal policy that America faces a choice between a budget-slashing Republican vision that will change how society functions and a revenue-raising Democratic vision that maintains the social safety net in place for decades . So far , both sides generally agree on seeking deficit cuts of $ 4 trillion over the next 10-12 years , Obama said , and they have similar thoughts on some areas for fiscal reform and spending reductions . At the same time , Republicans adamantly oppose Obama 's call for increasing tax revenue by ending Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and other reforms that would eliminate loopholes . In the end , Obama said , "  some of it will be settled by the American people in the election , and I think that is how democracy should work . " Earlier Thursday , Obama said that "  no matter how we may disagree between parties , no matter how much we spend time debating the issues , at some point we 're going to have to come together as Americans . " He spoke uring a meeting with former Sen. Alan Simpson , a Wyoming Republican , and former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles , the co-chairs of Obama 's deficit reduction commission that issued its report last December . As attention turns to larger battles over the fiscal year 2012 budget and raising the nation 's debt ceiling , Democrats and Republicans continued expressing widely differing positions designed to appeal to their respective political bases . House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin laid out the GOP 's vision last week when he unveiled his 2012 fiscal blueprint . The congressman 's plan , which he says would cut projected deficits by roughly $ 4.4 trillion over the next decade , calls for significant changes to Medicare and Medicaid -- two hugely popular entitlement programs . Under Ryan 's plan , Washington would eventually stop directly paying bills for senior citizens enrolled in Medicare . Instead , recipients would choose a plan from a list of private providers , which the federal government would subsidize . Medicaid , which provides health care for the disabled and the poor , would be transformed into a series of block grants to the states . Republicans believe state governments would spend the money more efficiently and would benefit from increased flexibility , while Democrats warn that such a move would shred the health care security provided to the most vulnerable Americans in recent generations . Ryan 's plan also would overhaul key portions of the tax code , dropping the top rate for individuals and businesses to 25 % while eliminating a number of loopholes . The House is expected to pass the Ryan proposal Friday . Senate Democrats , however , are certain to block the measure . Obama 's budget plan , outlined in Wednesday 's speech , aims to cut deficits by a combined $ 4 trillion over the next 12 years without significantly changing Medicare and Medicaid . The president 's plan includes a repeal of the Bush-era tax cuts on families making more than $ 250,000 annually -- something sought by Democrats but strongly opposed by Republicans . Obama also called for the creation of a "  debt fail-safe " trigger that would impose automatic across-the-board spending cuts and tax changes in coming years if annual deficits are on track to exceed 2.8 % of the nation 's gross domestic product . The president claimed that by building on or adjusting the health care reform bill passed last year , $ 480 billion would be saved by 2023 , followed by an additional $ 1 trillion in the following decade . He proposed tightly constraining the growth in Medicare costs starting in 2018 . The rhetoric over the two leaders ' respective plans has become increasingly heated in recent days . In the ABC interview , Obama framed what he called the two choices that will face voters in the 2012 vote . "  We ca n't get everything the government offers and not pay for it , " Obama said . "  Either we do n't pay for it , in which case we have a society that is not caring for our seniors the way it should , is not providing some basic security for people who really need it , and is not investing in the future . "  Or we can decide to continue on the path that has made us the greatest country on Earth , " the president continued . "  Make those investments . Have a basic social safety net . And we can do it without hurting the middle class or fundamentally changing these programs . " Earlier , Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York said the Ryan plan would lower the tax rates on America 's wealthy to the lowest levels "  since 1931 when Herbert Hoover was president . " "  Talk about trying to turn back the clock , " said Schumer , who also pledged that "  no plan to end Medicare as we know it will ever , ever pass the Senate . " Ryan , meanwhile , ripped Obama on Thursday for using "  demagogic terms and comparisons . " The president 's plan is "  fundamentally unserious , " Ryan said . Obama has brought himself "  down to the level of the partisan mosh pit " and made it tougher for the two parties to reach an agreement , he said . Against that backdrop , Democrats and Republicans also have to contend with an impending vote to raise the nation 's debt ceiling . Congress needs to raise the limit before the federal government reaches its legal borrowing limit of $ 14.29 trillion later this year or risk a default that could result in a crashing dollar and spiraling interest rates , among other things . GOP leaders have stressed that any vote to raise the cap has to be tied to another round of spending cuts or fiscal reforms . The administration , in contrast , has called for a "  clean " vote on the cap , which would raise the limit without adding any conditions . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney has warned that trying to force the issue would be tantamount to playing a game of "  chicken " with the economy . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Tom Cohen , Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Obama tells ABC that some fiscal issues wo n't get resolved before the 2012 vote Congress passes the budget measure for the rest of the FY2011 Democrats and Republicans remain at sharp odds over the fiscal year 2012 budget The two parties also have to reach an agreement over raising the debt ceiling
London  CNN  Ever written yourself a note , stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that , somewhere along your journey , the piece of paper has disappeared ? If you live in the UK , there 's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old Daisy Bentley . For the past six years , the London-based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking . Her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of shopping lists , reminders , requests , love notes and motivational musings , all poignant pieces of others ' lives . And now a gallery in London has put a selection on display for the public . "  I was n't intending to start a collection , " she told CNN . "  I always naturally collected things -- as many artists do -- and it got to the point that I was picking up every one I saw . Now I can barely walk down a street without picking up a scrap of paper . " Bentley began collecting them six years ago after a note caught her eye one rainy night on a walk in her home town of Norwich , England . It 's something she confesses has been a lifelong love -- keepsakes ranging from her mother 's cutlery to her own dead goldfish have ended up carefully preserved in her collection for posterity . The notes project , she says , is a culmination of keeping her eyes on the sidewalk and spotting the little things that most people would n't notice as they walked down the street . "  I get very odd looks from strangers , " she admits , "  but since I 've made friends and families aware of the project , they get very excited when I find one while out with them . " And while some dismiss such behavior as hoarding , Bentley feels it is part of human nature to hold on to items , no matter how small or insignificant they may seem . "  Humans want to collect and show to others , " she says . "  They want to share and learn from the things they have found . " She says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition . One of her favorite observations is the evolution of handwriting over the past few decades , from the beautiful copperplate penmanship of the '70s to modern teen girl love notes with hearts dotting i 's and multiple exclamation marks . More recently , the note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London 's Hackney Wick , where Bentley works as a shop and studio manager . It showcases a small part of her 1,500-strong collection . The decision to display the notes came in part from a desire to put them back into the public space . "  I always wanted to showcase them , to see what people 's reactions were and if anyone would come forward , " she said . So far two note owners -- one a colleague from the gallery and one an employee from a pub whose beer coasters she had found on her quest -- have revealed themselves as owners of notes . Bentley gave them framed prints as a thank you . And while some may find the notion of handwritten notes quaint , as social media and smartphones begin to replace handwriting , Bentley says she finds the note collection an interesting way for an artist to explore people 's lives . "  Technology is useful , but sometimes the simplest ways are still the best , " she said . "  I still usually draw a map rather than relying on technology to get to a place -- and many people are just the same . "	A selection of notes from British artist 's 1,500-note collection goes on display in London Artist spent six years trawling streets finding scraps of paper detailing people 's lives In era of smartphones and social media , notes provide reminder of power of handwritten word
CNN  -- Mr. Ravenblade , Mr. Xtreme , Dark Guardian and hundreds of others . Some with elaborate costumes , others with haphazardly stitched outfits , they are appearing on city streets worldwide watching over the populace like Superman watched over Metropolis and Batman over Gotham City . Geist patrols the Rochester , Minnesota , area , with a group of like-minded and similarly dressed colleagues . As people become disillusioned from financial woes and a downtrodden economy and look to put new purpose in their lives , everyday folks are taking on new personas to perform community service , help the homeless and even fight crime . "  The movement is growing , " said Ben Goldman , a real-life superhero historian . Goldman , along with Chaim "  Life " Lazaros and David "  Civitron " Civitarese , runs the New York-based Web site Superheroes Anonymous as part of an initiative dedicated to organizing and making alliances with superhero groups . According to Goldman , who goes by the moniker Cameraman because of his prowess in documenting the movement , economic troubles are spawning real life superheroes . "  A lot of them have gone through a sort of existential crisis and have had to discover who they are , " Goldman said . People are starting to put value in what they can do rather than what they have , he said . "  They realize that money is fleeting , it 's in fact imaginary . " Estimates from the few groups that keep tabs put the worldwide total of real-life superheroes between 250 and 300 . Goldman said the numbers were around 200 just last summer . Mr. Ravenblade , laid off after a stint with a huge computer technology corporation , found inspiration for his new avocation a few years ago from an early morning incident in Walla Walla , Washington . "  I literally stepped into a woman 's attempted rape/mugging , " Mr. Ravenblade said . While details were lost in the fog of the fight , he remembers this much : "  I did what I could , " he said , adding that he stopped the crime and broke no laws . "  And I realized after doing what I did , that people do n't really look after people . " Public response to real-life superheroes has been mixed , according to Mr. Xtreme , who founded the Xtreme Justice League in San Diego , California . "  Sometimes it 's been really positive with people saying , ` Woohoo , the superheroes are here , ' and then the usual barrage , saying ` Oh , these guys are losers . ' Other times people will look kind of freaked out , and then sometimes people just do n't know what to think about us . " Like Peter Parker kept his Spider-Man identity from his editor boss , Mr. Extreme and Mr. Ravenblade have asked CNN editors to keep their identities secret . The current superhero movement started a few years ago on MySpace , as people interested in comics and cool caped crusaders joined forces , Goldman said . It goes beyond the Guardian Angel citizen patrols of the early 1980s , as the real-life superheroes of today apply themselves to a broadly defined ethos of simply doing good works . Watch Crimson Fist help the homeless in Atlanta " Chris Pollak , 24 , of Brooklyn , New York , can attest to the appeal . "  A lot more people are either following it or wanting to go out and do it , " Pollack , who goes by the name Dark Guardian , said . By "  do it , " he means patrol the harrowing streets late at night . "  A lot of kids say they 're real-life superheroes -LSB- on MySpace -RSB- , " Mr. Ravenblade said . "  But what are you doing ? Being in front of a computer is not helping anybody . " Comic book legend Stan Lee , the brain behind heroes such as Spider-Man and the X-Men , said in his comic books doing good -- and availing one 's self -- was indeed the calling card for superheroes . "  If somebody is committing a crime , if somebody is hurting some innocent person , that 's when the superhero has to take over . " See a photo gallery of some real-life superheroes " "  I think it 's a good thing that people are eager enough to want to help their community . They think to do it is to emulate the superheroes , " Lee said . "  Now if they had said they had super powers -LSB- that would be another thing -RSB- . " Without super powers , real life superheroes confess to a mere-mortal workload , including helping the homeless , handing out fliers in high-crime areas and patrolling areas known for drug-dealing . Mr. Ravenblade said he and some of his superfriends would soon be trying to organize a Walk for Babies fundraiser in Portland , Oregon . "  We work with charities that help children , " he said . "  We think a lot of crimes happen because of people who did n't get a lot of love when they were younger . We do what we can to help that there . " "  Homeless outreach is the main thing I like to do , " said Chaim "  Life " Lazaros , of Superheroes Anonymous . "  We give out food , water , vitamins , toothbrushes . A lot of homeless people in my area know me , and they tell us about what they need . One homeless guy said ' I need a couple pair of clean underwear . ' " For Christmas , Lazaros said his group raised $ 700 in gifts and brought them to kids at St. Mary 's Children 's Hospital in New York . "  They were so excited to see real-life superheroes , " Lazaros said . iReport.com : Searching for Cincinnati 's caped crusader Many of the real-life superheroes even initiate citizen 's arrests , but what 's legal varies by state . And in North Carolina citizen 's arrests are illegal . Real-life superheroes who grab a suspected villain may find themselves under a specter of trouble . "  Not a good idea , " said Katy Parker , legal director for the ACLU of North Carolina . "  Seeing as how there 's no citizen 's arrest statute -LSB- in the state -RSB- , people who do this are running a serious risk of getting arrested for kidnapping , and being liable for false imprisonment . " "  Vigilantism is never a good thing , " said Bernard Gonzales , public information officer for the Chula Vista , California , Police Department . He 's had some interactions with real-life superheroes . "  The very best thing a private citizen can do is be a good witness . " Mr. Ravenblade said he 's just that . "  If you 're a real-life superhero you follow the law . If you catch somebody you ca n't just tie them up and leave them for the cops , that 's for the comics . You have to wait for the cops and give them a statement , " Mr. Ravenblade said . iReport.com : Cincinnati superhero speaks While citizens helping out in the community is encouraged , Gonzales said the costumes can go . "  Where these people are out in public , and there 's children around and everything , and these people are not revealing their identities , it 's not a safe thing . " But the costumes go with the gig , right down to the do-it-yourself approach to good deeds , including , apparently , recycling . "  The costume I have is simple , " said Mr. Xtreme . "  I made it myself . I had a graphic designer design it for me and just took it down to the swap meet and had somebody imprint it on for me . " "  The mask , " an old bullfighter 's piece , "  I got from Tijuana . "	"  The movement is growing , " said Ben Goldman , of Superheroes Anonymous Disillusioned with crime and recession , more people creating super personas Many say they are simply bringing attention to crime and doing good works
CNN  -- Ukraine will compete at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games in Russia in order to promote peace between the two nations , the head of its Paralympic Committee said , although only one of the country 's athletes attended Friday 's opening ceremony . Relations have disintegrated following the overthrow of the Russia-friendly government in Kiev , prompting a rise in tensions in the disputed Crimea region . Ukrainian officials and Western diplomats have accused President Vladimir Putin of sending thousands of troops to Crimea in the past week -- a claim Russia denies . It had sparked fears Ukraine would boycott the 2014 Paralympic Games , which run from March 7-16 , but the 23-strong team will now compete under its own flag . "  We are staying in order to be remembered , for Ukraine to be remembered as the state which sent a unified team , " Ukraine Paralympic Committee president Valeriy Suskevich told reporters in Sochi . "  We 've taken the decision to raise the flag of independent sovereign state of Ukraine here at the Paralympic Games . " Ukraine 's sole representative at the opening ceremony in the Fisht Olympic stadium was Nordic skier and flag-bearer Mykailo Tkachenko . The rest of the team stayed away in protest , Ukrainian Minister of Sports and Youth , Dmitriy Bulatov , said via Facebook . "  This is how our team expresses protest against aggressors and occupants entering our land , " Bulatov said . Suskevich urged competitors not to do anything that could further increase tensions between Russia and Ukraine , while also revealing he had spoken with Putin . "  I reiterated to Putin my request for peace during the Paralympic Games , " he said . "  I hope I have been heard by the president of Russia . "  Do just one thing -- do n't let us start a war during the Paralympic Games . We want peace . The athletes have a right to have the Paralympic Games under peaceful conditions . "  I am praying to god so that the Paralympic Games must keep peace in Europe , and my home of Ukraine . "  I could have talked at length to the president of Russia about Crimea . I could have talked a lot about conflict , I did n't have time . I realize there is exclusivity in meeting the president of Russia . "  I reiterated for Mr. Putin , emphasizing one request , that during the Paralympic Games we would have peace . " Should the military conflict deepen , however , Suskevich said Ukraine would withdraw from the Paralympics . "  I declare should this happen we will leave the Games , " he said . "  We can not possibly stay here in this case . "  This is what we are afraid of . This is what we are opposing and we do not want to take place . I hope my message has been heard , I hope I have been heard by the president of Russia . " Ukraine 's decision to remain in Sochi and participate in the Games was welcomed by International Paralympic Committee  IPC  chairman Philip Craven . "  We are delighted as we want sport to prevail and a full complement of teams to compete in what we are confident will be a fantastic Paralympic Winter Games , " Craven said in a statement . "  All week the IPC has been working closely with the Ukrainian Paralympic Committee in an effort to keep them here in Sochi . "  The talking point of Sochi 2014 needs to be great sport and great athletes , not global politics . "  We want all the athletes who have trained for years to reach these Games to fully focus on events on the field as opposed to off . "  Now that a decision has been taken I hope this will be the case and the athletes and the sport will take center stage and the headlines they deserve . " Ukraine will have 21 athletes competing in the para-Nordic/biathlon events , and the other two in para-alpine skiing and snowboard disciplines . It won 19 medals , five of them gold , at the 2010 Vancouver Paralympics . Only one athlete was present at the press conference , with 25-year-old biathlete Grygorii Vovchynski passionate about the chance to represent Ukraine in Sochi . "  You ask me if we are ready to compete ? Yes , with the strongest desire , " he said . "  We are ready to compete , ready to fight for Ukraine , ready to demonstrate we are a strong and free , independent people . "  We know how to love life , love sport and love fair competition . "	Ukraine will compete in the 2014 Paralympic Games in Sochi A 23-strong team representing Ukraine will take part in the Games Ukraine Paralympic chief Valeriy Suskevich wants to promote a message of peace The 2014 Paralympic Winter Games get under way on Friday
CNN  -- "  We are innocent . " For six years , that has been the cry that has united Amanda Knox and her Italian ex-boyfriend , as they have faced trials in the murder of Knox 's former roommate Meredith Kercher . But that unity may be crumbling , as she and Raffaele Sollecito prepare to appeal their convictions before Italy 's Supreme Court next year . Knox , who is living in the United States , appears to be sticking by the maxim . Just over two weeks ago , she posted it in a photo to her Facebook page in Italian : "  Siamo innocente . " But Sollecito , who is still in Italy , no longer seems so adamant about it , as the prospect of a long prison term stares him in the face . He was sentenced to 25 , Knox to 28 years in prison . Yes , but Though he still says that the evidence exonerates them both , he is using more selective language . "  There is nothing against me and nothing very strong against Amanda , " Sollecito recently told CNN . "  And in my case , I really did nothing wrong , and I do n't want to pay for someone else 's peculiar behavior . " Knox 's behavior on the morning Kercher was found stabbed to death in the apartment she and Knox shared seems to be a new hitch for Sollecito . That was early November 2007 , and he and Knox had only been dating for a week . Sollecito expanded on his doubts in a new interview with Italian television this week that aired in part on NBC . Knox had spent the night with him but went back to her place to shower , he said . When she returned , she was "  very agitated . " She told him that it looked like someone had broken in and that there was blood in the bathroom , Sollecito said . But rather than call the police , she showered and returned to his place . He finds it odd , he now says . "  Certainly I asked her questions , " he said . "  Why did you take a shower ? Why did she spend so much time there ? " He did n't get any real answers from her , he said in the interview . Lawyer 's advice Sollecito 's apparent distancing from Knox echoes the position of his lawyer , John Kelly . "  It 's imperative that the Italian courts consider Raffaele 's case separate from Amanda 's case , " he said . "  By necessity , he has to distance himself and his case from Amanda and her case . " In a note on her Facebook page , Knox acknowledges Sollecito 's new stance and appears to back it up . She said he 's a scapegoat . "  The only reason he has been dragged into this is because he happens to be my alibi , " she wrote . Since Kercher 's death , Knox and Sollecito have gone through a legal odyssey that led to a conviction that was overturned , followed by a second conviction . Another man , drifter and drug dealer Rudy Guede from the Ivory Coast is currently serving 16 years for Kercher 's murder . He was tried separately from Knox and Sollecito . He admitted having sex with the young British woman but said someone else killed her while he was in the bathroom .	The united cry of innocence may be crumbling , as Raffaele Sollecito changes his tone He finds Knox 's behavior , the morning Meredith Kercher was found dead , odd His lawyer advises that his case must be considered separately from hers Sollecito still says the evidence exonerates them both
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Seven foreign workers were kidnapped late Saturday from a construction company in northeastern Nigeria , police said . The workers include one Italian citizen , one Greek citizen and two Lebanese citizens , according to those governments . Nigerian police said a Briton was also kidnapped ; British authorities said they were aware of such reports and were making inquiries . Who are Boko Haram ? The workers were taken Saturday night from the offices of Setraco , a construction company in Jama'are , in Bauchi State , police said . The company is based in Abuja and is involved in many major road construction projects in northern Nigeria . The gunmen first attacked a prison , burning two police trucks , public service broadcaster Voice of Nigeria reported , citing state police spokesman Hassan Muhammed . Opinion : Nigerians still waiting for their ` African Spring ' They then killed a guard at the Setraco workers camp before kidnapping the workers , Muhammed told the broadcaster . Nigeria has seen a rash of killings and kidnappings blamed on criminal groups or the Islamist militant group Boko Haram . A week ago , three North Korean doctors were killed at a hospital in northern Yobe state , the state police chief told CNN . Ten suspects were arrested . Earlier this month , nine people working for a government polio vaccination program were killed in the northern city of Kano , a police spokesman said . Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it Nigeria launched a military crackdown on Boko Haram on New Year 's Day . Security forces have since captured one of the group 's leaders and killed 17 suspected Boko Haram members in a two-day offensive . Human Rights Watch says Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " -- has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria . Opinion : Why are Nigerians numb to slaughter ? In the past , the group attacked other Muslims it felt were on an immoral path . But it has increasingly targeted Christians with numerous attacks on churches , as well as striking police stations . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups say the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the Nigerian government . But the U.S. State Department has accused its leaders of having ties to the al Qaeda terrorist network and of hoping to drive a wedge between Nigeria 's Christian and Muslim communities .	The foreigners work for a construction firm in northern Nigeria , police say The victims are from Italy , Greece , Lebanon and possibly Britain Nigeria has seen a rash of killings and kidnappings Violence is blamed on criminal groups or the Islamist militant group Boko Haram
Washington  CNN  -- At its essence , the presidential inaugural symbolizes American democracy 's peaceful transition or extension of power . Every four years , the winner of the preceding November election swears to defend the Constitution . Cannons boom and bands play . It all unfolds outside in public , usually before a massive throng that thunders its approval . The simple practice and symbolism of inaugurating a president has remained consistent throughout American history -- 56 times before Sunday -- although the date , the pomp and the ceremony have changed since George Washington took the first oath 224 years ago . 13 reasons to follow the inauguration on CNN 's platforms and nowhere else The first Thirteen years after the Declaration of Independence and more than a year and a half after the Constitution was ratified , Washington was sworn in on April 20 , 1789 , at Federal Hall in New York . The capital city later named for Washington was just a swamp at the time . He set the precedent of kissing the Bible after the oath . Champagne glasses and buttons galore : Obama swag at Inaugural store Franklin Pierce broke the tradition of kissing the Bible . He placed his left hand on it instead in 1853 . Washington is also credited with creating other traditions . For instance , he started the inaugural parade when government officials , members of Congress , Army units , and prominent citizens escorted him to the ceremony . The oath The oath of office is specified in Article II , Section 1 of the Constitution . The oath for other federal officials , including the vice president , is not in the Constitution . The oath of office reads , "  I do solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . All dressed up and nowhere to go : The date night that Ticketmaster messed up The "  or affirm  " allows the president-elect to choose to affirm or to swear the oath of office . Only Pierce and Herbert Hoover chose to affirm rather than swear their oath . The words "  so help me God " do not appear in the Constitutional oath . That phrase was supposedly ad-libbed by Washington , setting a precedent for future presidents . President Barack Obama has requested his oath include the phrase . The Bible A personal aspect of the inauguration is the Bible . John F. Kennedy was the first Catholic president -- his religious identity was a contentious issue in his run for office . By the Numbers : Presidential inaugurations Only three presidents did not use a Bible : John Qunicy Adams opted for a volume of law ; Theodore Roosevelt used no Bible or book at his first inauguration in 1901 . Lyndon Johnson used John F. Kennedy 's Roman Catholic Missal during his hastily arranged swearing-in aboard Air Force One en route to Washington following Kennedy 's assassination in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 . The speech Like fingerprints , no inaugural address is the same -- they come in all lengths , tones and with all kinds of different motives . Some aim to set the agenda for the president 's term , others aim to define how the president will govern . Washington delivered the shortest address at his second inauguration in Philadelphia . It totaled 135 words . The longest was about 8,500 words and delivered by William Henry Harrison , who refused to wear coat on the cold March day in 1841 . He caught a cold and died from pneumonia a month later . Memorable lines Some memorable lines from inaugural addresses : "  With malice toward none , with charity for all . " - Abraham Lincoln , March 1865 . "  Let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself . " - Franklin D. Roosevelt , March 1933 . "  And so , my fellow Americans : ask not what your country can do for you  $ " ask what you can do for your country . " - John F. Kennedy , January 1961 . Second inaugural address puts Obama in select company Pastor backs out of inauguration Double Take January 20 falls on a Sunday this year as it did in 1917 , 1957 and 1985 . As a result , Obama will take the official oath in a private ceremony that day at the White House . He will follow up with the public ceremony on Monday at the Capitol . Obama will be the first president to have two oaths administered publicly and privately . In 2009 , Chief Justice John Roberts flubbed the oath as he read it Obama during the public ceremony . They did it again the next day at the White House to leave no question iReport : I hope Obama will ... Other facts : Thomas Jefferson was the first president inaugurated in Washington , March 1801 . The first inauguration on January 20 by decree of the 20th Amendment was in 1937 . Andrew Jackson was the first to take the oath on the East Front of the Capitol . Ronald Reagan of California was the first to be inaugurated on the West Front of the Capitol in 1980 . Jimmy Carter , in 1976 , was the first to walk from the Capitol to the White House . The first inaugural streamed live on the Internet was Bill Clinton 's second ceremony in 1997 . 13,000 troops to descend on D.C. for inauguration CNN 's Connor Finnegan and Robert Yoon contributed to this report	George Washington 's first inauguration took place on April 30 , 1789 , and not in the city named for him As allowed by the Constitution , only two presidents chose to "  affirm " rather than swear their oaths Obama will be sworn-in twice ; once on Sunday in private and again on Monday in public Inaugurations were predominantly on March 4 until 1937 . Since , January 20 is the date
CNN  -- The widow of a man who set free 56 exotic animals he owned before apparently committing suicide will get back the five animals that survived , Ohio agriculture officials said Monday . A state review board concluded Monday that the animals , which have been kept at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium , are free of "  dangerously infectious or contagious diseases . " The finding required them to lift a quarantine imposed in a move last October to delay their return . State officials said they were concerned that Marian Thompson has said she would put the two spotted leopards , two macaque monkeys and a large brown bear back into the same cages they previously inhabited on her Zanesville , Ohio , farm . "  This raises concerns , as she has indicated the cages have not been repaired , and has repeatedly refused to allow animal welfare experts to evaluate if conditions are safe for the animals and sufficient to prevent them from escaping and endangering the community , " said Erica Pitchford , a spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Agriculture . Last fall in Ohio : Wild animals on the loose State officials have no legal power to inspect the cages before the animals are returned , but they are hoping the local sheriff will seek a court order to inspect the farm "  to ensure the safety of the animals and the public , " Pitchford said . Thompson has not allowed local law enforcement onto the farm to check the pens , Muskingum County Sheriff Matthew Lutz told CNN Monday . Thompson 's lawyer did not immediately respond to a CNN call for comment . Deputies are ready to deal with any problems with the returned animals , Lutz said . "  We have the zoo on speed dial , " Lutz said . "  If we are pushed to do what we had to do the last time , we would take care of it . " Terry Thompson died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound on October 18 shortly after he pried open cages and opened the farm 's fences that held his private menagerie of lions , tigers , bears , wolves and monkeys . Authorities , who did not have access to tranquilizer guns , killed two wolves , six black bears , two grizzly bears , nine male lions , eight female lions , one baboon , three mountain lions and 18 Bengal tigers . One monkey that was unaccounted for might have been eaten by one of the big cats , they speculated . Thompson 's property is about two miles outside Zanesville , which is east of Columbus along Interstate 70 . The 62-year-old had been released from a federal prison three weeks earlier after pleading guilty earlier to possessing illegal firearms , including five fully automatic firearms . CNN 's John Fricke contributed to this report .	Board concludes animals are free of "  dangerously infectious or contagious diseases " Officials : Marian Thompson plans to keep two leopards , two monkeys , bear on her Ohio farm State officials raise concern about safety of cages , which they are n't allowed to inspect "  We have the zoo on speed dial " in case of trouble , the sheriff says
Tokyo  CNN  -- A 6.4-magnitude earthquake struck Sunday morning off the east coast of Honshu , Japan , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The earthquake was centered 27 miles  43.5 kilometers  beneath the surface about 114 miles  184 kilometers  northeast of Tokyo , the agency said . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage . The country 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said there were no reports of problems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant as a result of the earthquake , according to Japanese broadcaster NHK . The plant was crippled by a much more powerful earthquake on March 11 . Japan has been struck by hundreds of aftershocks off the coast of Honshu since that quake .	NEW : Fukushima plant not damaged by Saturday quake , broadcaster NHK reports 6.4-magnitude earthquake strikes off coast of Honshu , Japan There are no immediate reports of injuries or damage
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There are many superficial similarities between the worlds of the military and business , something Captain Robert M. Secher of the U.S. Marines knew only too well . U.S. Marines on an operation in Iraq . Secher was one of the instigators of the so-called Quantico Leadership Venture , an innovative cooperation between the Marine Corps ' Officer Candidate School in Quantico , Virginia , and the University of Pennsylvania 's top-rated Wharton School of Business . The outdoor-based course , intended to show Wharton students how Marine-style leadership principles and teamwork can help in business , has proved enormously popular . Tragically , Secher can no longer appreciate the success of his initiative -- a year ago , while serving in Iraq he was killed by a sniper 's bullet in Anbar province , in the west of the country . He was aged 33 . Wharton has decided to give something back in appreciation of Secher and has just announced a new scholarship in his honor . The Captain Robert M. Secher Scholarship will allow one Marine Corps officer per year take a Wharton Executive Education course , something that would normally cost many thousands of dollars . Secher 's parents attended the ceremony where officials announced the new scholarship . "  We are proud that he did such a good job and that he will be remembered , " said his mother , Elke Morris . More than 1,000 Wharton MBA students have taken part in the Quantico Leadership Venture since it was set up eight years ago . Such is the program 's popularity that each year more than 500 students apply for the 180 spaces available . "  Our partnership with the USMC  U.S. Marine Corps  and Officer Candidate School has greatly benefited our students and the USMC , with Marine officers participating every year in our leadership conference " said Jeff Klein , director of the Wharton Graduate Leadership Program . "  To say that the investment both Capt. Secher and the Marines have made in our students is unparalleled would be an understatement . " The courts focuses on the Marine Corps ' "  values of honor , courage , and commitment , " said Klein . "  Courage , we say , is about making a difference , and we 're proud to honor Capt. Secher and the USMC for making a difference with our students and in the world . " While Secher 's links with the business education world were closer than most , his contribution in combining the military and commercial worlds is not unique . For example , the UK 's Cranfield Business School has recently begun running a specialist MBA for senior military officers in association with the British military 's own leadership college . Closer to Secher , fellow Marine Captain Erik Orient - who attended the announcement about the new scholarship - mused on the subject in Wharton 's Leadership Digest journal . Until recently , he admitted , "  I thought the Corps had cornered the market on leadership -LSB- and -RSB- any leadership civilians did was merely ` management ' . " He added : "  But as I began to encounter more academic and business professionals through my teaching work , I became more introspective , reevaluating my own leadership style . " E-mail to a friend	New business school scholarship honors Marine killed in Iraq Captain Robert M. Secher helped set up joint Wharton-Marines course Scholarship gives Marine free executive education program
CNN  -- If the 21st century belongs to China , as some have argued , then it is worth asking what the defining Chinese idea will be . It is unsurprising that this very issue has ginned up ferocious debate within China , as the country 's might grows but its voice remains meek on the global stage . Economic success alone has yet to evince a self-assured China that it can offer a set of compelling values and ideas to the world . As a country that prides itself on the continuity of its great civilization and cultural force , China seems to grow increasingly dissatisfied with punching below its weight in the world of ideas . Indeed , much of the 20th century was defined by the rise of the United States and the dominance of the American idea : It was essentially an articulation of what modernity means . To be modern meant widespread economic prosperity , a healthy middle class , and technological superiority , combined with values that emphasized individual rights and freedoms to pursue whatever lives , liberties , and happiness that one sought . It was a manifestation of the ideals that were enshrined in the Declaration of Independence , a document that , at the young nation 's inception , defined what kind of country the United States ought to strive for . In many ways , the country was born out of a few central ideas because its existence could not be predicated on strong ethnic kinships , bloodlines , or the old monarchical order . It was not the "  Old World " but a new nation that was moving toward collective ideals . The belief in the very idea of America was the strongest glue that could bind together a diverse , continental nation . That cohesive idea has anchored the "  American Dream " and provided ballast for themes that are readily found in Hollywood and other popular culture products that pervade the global market . Whether by design or accidental , the genius of the American idea is that it is simply an open source template , or a "  default setting , " that can be easily replicated and customized in different cultural and institutional environments . Its power and universalizing appeal is apparent . Little wonder that the American idea gained immense market share and is still widely equated with the general aspiration of obtaining a high living standard and human dignity . China , in contrast , is both of the old world and a young republic -- or as scholar Lucian Pye once rendered it , "  a civilization pretending to be a nation-state . " And its transition into a modern state has been anything but smooth . The modern Chinese state was forged from a nasty civil war , and its recent history since 1949 has been plagued by a series of highly disruptive discontinuities . It has had no continuous narrative from which to draw inspiration and to define the soul of a nation . In fact , the People 's Republic under Mao Zedong primarily defined itself as what it is not -- that is , it was n't feudal or traditional . For the next six decades , the country lurched from devastating revolution to hyper materialism , breaking with whatever ideological milieu that had existed at the time . When Deng Xiaoping took power in 1978 , the only "  ism " that mattered was pragmatism , as the country went to work on nation building and zeroed in on material prosperity . Thirty-five years and several trillions worth of GDP later , an entire generation of Chinese is waking up to the fact that it still has little idea of what kind of nation to strive for . All this relentless work has built a dynamic middle-income economy , yet cumulative wealth is no substitute for the richness of a nation , especially for a China that believes it has much to offer the world . After all , this is a country that once brought the world paper , gunpowder , and the compass . Virtually every Chinese school child knows that . But few Chinese know or agree on what China should stand for in the 21st century . It is clearly a global economic power , but unlike the United States , China seems to have little desire to stake out social and political values that others might adopt . The Chinese government , which tightly controls historical narratives , simply can not look into its recent past to seek out those values because even communism is derived from a Western political philosophy appropriated for Chinese conditions . And politically , it could be potentially disastrous if the government owned up to all the dark chapters in its recent past . It seems that China has little choice but to look to its distant past in search of a continuous narrative and an indigenous idea that can carry the nation forward in the 21st Century . The new leadership of the Communist Party , particularly President Xi Jinping , has prioritized this effort because it understands that a major source of its political power is derived from ideological legitimacy . To keep a continental nation together , China , too , needs a ruling party to govern around a set of ideas so that its people can imagine what the country can and should become . And so the "  great rejuvenation " of the Chinese nation has become the new ideological offering -- an explicit effort to connect today 's China to the glories of a former empire that sat at the center of the world . It revives the traditional ideas of wealth and power that have defined the country through much of its history . The Chinese leadership is leaving little doubt that China will once again be a global force that garners respect . Yet it is far from clear what a rejuvenated China means or how that force might be employed . Reestablishing "  national greatness " may win over some of the Chinese public , but it hardly serves as an idea or value proposition that can extend beyond Chinese borders . Each nation is entitled to deem itself unique , exceptional , and "  great " -- the United States certainly does . But some nations also use their wealth and power to articulate a vision of how to shape the world and aspire to address common challenges . The tagline for a U.S. Navy advertisement , for example , is "  a global force for good . " China , at least so far , has exhibited little interest in becoming a charge d'affaires with world-shaping responsibilities , even as outside pressures mount for it to assume them . Indeed , it may simply be comfortable with being just China -- an idea that the rest of the world may have to get used to . Read more : Xi Jinping 's 2014 challenge : Resolving an identity crisis ? China marks muted 120th anniversary of Mao Zedong Mind the gap : China 's great education divide The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Damien Ma .	Damien Ma looks for an indigenous idea to carry China forward in the 21st Century And its transition into a modern state has been anything but smooth , he writes He says few Chinese know or agree on what China should stand for in the 21st Century
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is vowing to stay put despite protests against his government that have enveloped the nation 's capital . On Saturday , police fired tear gas on protesters after thousands of them threatened to march on the Prime Minister 's house in Islamabad . At least 158 people were admitted to the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences , the hospital said . A 24-year-old man was in critical condition after being hit in the head by a rubber bullet . After failing to negotiate a solution with the protest movements , Sharif on Thursday asked the country 's powerful military for help brokering an end to the crisis . "  Tear gas is a normal practice undertaken all over the world to disperse a crowd . It is something that is an alternative to using force , " Pakistan Defense Minister Khwaja Asif told CNN . "  The situation had precipitated to a point that if action had not been taken then it would have been a free fall for the government . " At least 8,000 people have rallied in the city 's center after allegations of vote-rigging during last year 's election . Negotiations between Sharif 's government and his opponents , some of whom are calling for his resignation , have reached an impasse . Sharif announced in a statement on Saturday that he will not resign -- a demand he has called "  unconstitutional . " Leading the two week-long protests are Imran Khan -- an enigmatic former cricket star who leads one of Pakistan 's largest political parties -- and outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , an outspoken cleric who wants to overhaul the country 's political system . Khan is demanding new elections , while Qadri is demanding much more sweeping reforms . As the protests have grown in size and scope , the army has stationed personnel at government buildings in case protesters try to occupy them . A spokesman for Qadri said that protests tried to enter the road leading to the Prime Minister 's residence . Asif said that no decision had been made on whether to arrest Khan or Qadri . "  They violated their original commitment with the government to protest in a designated space like it is done in civilized countries , " Asif said . "  We can not trust them . " CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad and Joshua Berlinger reported and wrote from Atlanta . Journalist Adeel Raja in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Police fire tear gas after thousands of protesters threaten to march on PM 's house Nawaz Sharif said in a statement that he wo n't resign Protesters have been in Islamabad for the last two weeks
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama renewed his push for comprehensive immigration reform Thursday , calling for bipartisan cooperation on an issue that has repeatedly proven to be a major cause of deep social and political division . The president tried to find what has often proven to be an elusive middle ground on the subject , highlighting the importance of immigrants to American history and progress while also acknowledging the fear and frustration many people now feel with a system that seems "  fundamentally broken . " He asserted that the majority of Americans are ready to embrace reform legislation that would help resolve the status of an estimated 11 million illegal immigrants . "  I believe we can put politics aside and finally have an immigration system that 's accountable , " Obama told an audience at Washington 's American University . "  I believe we can appeal not to people 's fears , but to their hopes , to their highest ideals . Because that 's who we are as Americans . " The president targeted Arizona 's controversial new immigration law , which requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there 's reason to suspect they 're in the United States illegally . It also targets businesses that hire illegal immigrant laborers or knowingly transport them . The measure -- currently under review by the Justice Department -- has "  fanned the flames of an already contentious debate , " Obama said . It puts pressure on police officers to enforce rules that are "  unenforceable " while making communities less safe -- in part , by making people more reluctant to report crimes . It also has "  the potential of violating the rights of innocent American citizens and legal residents , making them subject to possible stops or questioning because of what they look like or how they sound . " Arizona 's Republican governor , Jan Brewer , responded Thursday that Obama was failing to secure the border with Mexico , which forced her state to act on its own . "  Do your job . Secure the border , " Brewer said of the president in a speech to a Republican group . She pledged to "  defend this law against every assault , including attacks by the Obama administration . " In his speech , Obama warned that rounding up everyone in the country who has entered illegally would be both "  logistically impossible " and "  tear at the fabric of the nation . " At the same time , the president indicated it would be wrong to offer blanket amnesty for people who came into the United States unlawfully . To do so "  would suggest to those thinking about coming here illegally that there will be no repercussions for such a decision . And this could lead to a surge in more illegal immigration . ... It would also ignore the millions of people around the world who are waiting in line to come here legally . " Ultimately , he said , "  our nation , like all nations , has the right and obligation to control its borders and set laws for residency and citizenship . And no matter how decent they are , no matter their reasons , the 11 million who broke these laws should be held accountable . " Obama said those who entered the country illegally must admit they broke the law , register with the appropriate authorities , pay taxes , pay a fine , and learn English . They must "  get right with the law before they can get in line and earn their citizenship . " The president urged Congress to tackle immigration reform legislation , but stressed that it would require support from both Democrats and Republicans . "  That is the political and mathematical reality , " he said . Obama 's remarks , however , immediately received a cold reception from one top Senate Republican . Obama and congressional Democrats "  made a strategic decision to put immigration on the back burner , and they now claim they ca n't even propose immigration legislation without a Republican , " said Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas . "  It 's time for the president and congressional Democrats to stop the charade . Op-eds , outlines and speeches wo n't cut it anymore . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , in turn lashed out the GOP , arguing that "  instead of matching the leadership of Democrats to solve this problem and engaging in good faith negotiations , Republicans continue to engage in political grandstanding and polarizing rhetoric that encourages intolerance of our vibrant immigration population . " Reid , who is facing a tough reelection fight this year , is hoping for a strong turnout among Latino voters in November in his home state . Despite Obama 's call for bipartisan immigration reform , several senior Democratic sources said Thursday that they see virtually no chance of Congress taking up such a measure before November 's midterm elections . Though some hold out hope for potential movement during a lame-duck session of Congress after the election , most sources say the more realistic earliest target is next year . But even that , according to one source , may be "  happy talk . " Still , these sources said that , politically , it was crucial for the president to give a speech like he did Thursday in order to put pressure on Republicans and , more importantly , to reassure angry Latino voters that Democrats have n't forgotten about the issue . A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation national poll conducted in late May indicated that public support for beefing up security along the U.S. border with Mexico had grown significantly . According to the survey , nearly nine out of 10 Americans want to beef up U.S. law enforcement along the border with Mexico . Eight in 10 questioned also supported a program that would allow illegal immigrants already in the United States to stay here and apply for legal residency if they had a job and paid back taxes . But only 38 percent say that program should be a higher priority than border security and other get-tough proposals . Six in 10 said border security was the higher priority . Obama 's speech followed a highly anticipated meeting this week in which the president discussed immigration reform with grass-roots reform advocates . "  From our meeting , it is clear that the president is committed to comprehensive immigration reform and understands that congressional action is needed urgently , " said Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum and a meeting attendee . Other topics discussed at the meeting included concerns the grass-roots leaders had about reforms to current detention and deportation procedures , Noorani said . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report	Arizona governor challenges Obama to secure the border with Mexico Sen. Reid , D-Nevada , hits GOP for "  polarizing rhetoric " Sen. Cornyn , R-Texas , says speeches "  wo n't cut it anymore " Obama calls for bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform
CNN  -- France is facing fines and penalties after Europe 's highest court found the government has failed to do enough to protect its hamsters . In a case that stretches back three years , the European Court of Justice said Thursday that the French government has n't adequately conserved the remaining few hundred Great Hamsters of Alsace still living in a small enclave in eastern France . "  The court finds that the measures implemented by France in 2008 were not adequate to enable effective avoidance of deterioration or destruction of the breeding sites and resting places of the European Hamster , " the ECJ said in a statement . The little 10-inch rodents are considered pests by farmers there , and were trapped , poisoned almost out of existence by the early 1990s when they got official protection . But as the last surviving example of hamster left in western Europe , the court says they deserve better protection in line with the suit by European Commission regulators . "  The commission complains that in 2008 , France failed to take adequate measures to ensure strict protection of the European Hamster in Alsace  France  , the only region where it is present , " the court said . The hamster is at risk of extinction as a result of harmful agricultural practices and urbanization , which disturb its breeding and resting places , according to the court . Changing farming practices combined with encroaching building and urbanization in recent decades have led to the destruction of nearly all their burrows along the rivers there , leading to a population collapse . The commission said the switch to summer-ripening maize in many farms had further harmed the population because when the white-pawed , black-bellied hamsters wake up from hibernation in the spring , there 's no seed to eat . And while the court praised a move to grow winter crops and alfalfa that the hamsters like to munch on , it found that the government-backed moves were too little and too late . There are only about 800 of the animals still alive , but that 's several times more than were alive just a few years ago . Still , the court determined that there had to be nearly twice the current number of the little creatures to sustain their population . The French Ministry of Agriculture was not immediately available for comment .	Court says France has neglected its 10-inch rodent citizens It is the last surviving example of hamster left in western Europe Court : In 2008 , France failed to take adequate measures to ensure its protection
While reporting in Eastern Libya in November 2011 , I came across a black flag fluttering atop Benghazi 's courthouse . The flag was imprinted with a yellow moon and the Islamic declaration of belief , "  There is no god but God , and Muhammad is the messenger of God , " a design used by some extremist groups , namely al-Qaeda , to represent Islamic culture in the status of war  i.e. Jihad  . I quickly took some photographs and sent the images to VICE . An article was posted later that day and drew a fiery response from some corners of the media world , questioning my findings and accusing me of doctoring the photos to serve a hidden agenda . To prove what I 'd seen , I paired up with Ray Pagnucco , an American cameraman , and together we began our investigation into extremism in post-Gadhafi LIbya . It would be unfair , however , to claim that the black flag had been the only sign that radical figures were angling for a seat of power in the new Libya . At the capitol , a high-ranking member of the now-defunct Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , Abdul Hakim Belhadj , had been appointed the leader of the Tripoli Military Council . In the early days of the Iraq War , the LIFG had declared their support for al Qaeda and had been reported to share forces with the group for several years . Belhadj , after a stint in the U.S. 's rendition program and Gadhafi 's Abu Salim prison , now sits in a miniature throne of power within the National Transitional Council and is running as leader of his own political party in the upcoming elections . See the rest of Waiting for al Qaeda at VICE.COM . Over in Eastern Libya , where we traveled to meet a group of weapons makers and the Muslim cleric Abdul Hakim al-Hasadi , there are concerns that large numbers of the weapons used in the revolution are now being sold to extremist groups like the Tuareg fighters of Mali and al Qaeda in Somalia . And since Eastern Libya is traditionally known as the more radical region of the country , it 's feared that powerful religious leaders like Mr. al-Hasadi are encouraging fundamentalist religious groups to take root in these sparsely regulated lands . Our dealings with many of these characters did n't conjure up a nest of card-carrying al Qaeda operatives , but they did confirm that Libya has made itself very vulnerable by not filling the power vacuum created by Gadhafi 's ouster . If their transitional government does n't become a functioning government soon , Libya may indeed be waiting for al Qaeda .	After Gadhafi 's ouster , VICE correspondent spots black flag of al-Qaeda in Benghazi Correspondent snaps photos that draw fiery response fom those questioning his findings Controversy results in a VICE investigation into extremism in post-Gadhafi LIbya
CNN  British actress Emma Watson made an impassioned plea to women around the world : "  Do n't let anyone tell you what you can or can not do , or can not achieve . "  Just do n't allow it . It 's wrong . It 's so wrong . Be what you want to be -- and prove them wrong . " The emotional Harry Potter star took to the stage at Facebook 's headquarters in London on Sunday , March 8 , to talk about gender equality as part of International Women 's Day celebrations . CNN was among the live audience of around 150 people -- with millions more watching the live stream across the world -- as the 24-year-old UN Goodwill Ambassador spoke about her own feminist journey . Emma 's Facebook moment Of the dozens gathered at the event , the majority were bespectacled young men -- not so unlike Harry Potter himself . Describing the "  surreal " moment she gave a speech at U.N. headquarters , later watched by 17 million , Watson said : "  Gender equality historically has been a woman 's movement . "  And how it 's affecting men has n't been addressed , " she told moderator Greg James . During the hour-long conversation , Watson gave the audience a rare glimpse into her private life -- and the difference between chivalry and sexism . "  I love having the door opened for me , is n't that just polite ? " she said . "  But I think the key is , would you then mind me opening the door for you ? " "  Chivalry should be consensual . " And it 's not just women affected by gender inequality -- men suffer too , she added . "  I get disturbed by this idea that men ca n't cry , " she continued . "  They ca n't express themselves and I think that 's the saddest thing in the world . Being able to express yourself is what makes you human -- it 's not what makes you a girl . " When internet trolls threatened to release naked photos of the actress , following her UN speech , she said it only made her more determined in her campaign . "  If they were trying to put me off -- they did the opposite , " she added . Almost 230,000 men and boys across the world have since joined the HeForShe campaign , including U.S. President Barack Obama , and actors Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Matt Damon . "  I read a letter of support from a 13-year-old boy that was equally as passionate as a CEO , " said Watson , adding that she often read their stories before going to bed at night . "  I asked my younger sister : ` What would be the one thing you 'd want from boys in your life ? ' She said : ' I just want them to play with us . ' And I think that really translates at every level . We just want to be included . " Watson also talked about the inspiring influence of her mother , Jacqueline , who was a "  single working mother and type one diabetic . " "  She wanted me to be my own person and said a bit of rebellion was good , " said Watson , adding : "  She was actually thrilled when I got my first detention ... I think I failed a Latin exam . " Answering questions submitted via Facebook , Watson said the recent lack of female representation at the Academy Awards showed that the fight for gender equality was far from over . "  Why are women not directing their own stories ? " she said . "  The human race is a bird -- and it needs both its wings to fly . And at the moment one of its wings is clipped , " said Watson , paraphrasing famous American feminist , Gloria Steinem . When asked what things we can all do to affect change , the actress said it was n't necessarily about grand actions -- but small ones . "  It 's everyday , it 's individual , it 's on a case by case basis , " she said . "  Whether it 's speaking up or trying to change the way someone else thinks about an issue . " In the audience , a man wearing a Hogwarts jumper asked Watson whether women should be paid the same as men , when they are more likely to take maternity leave . She answered : "  I do n't think in the grand scheme of things -LSB- maternity leave -RSB- is going to hinder a woman being incredibly effective in her field . "  I think men should be equal partners in raising children . " Those missing out on a place still got watch it live on Watson 's Facebook page . See the whole conversation in the videos below . Part 1 : Part 2 : Part 3 : Part 4 : To see Watson 's best moments as they happened see our live twitter feed @CNNIwomen and join the conversation .	British actress Emma Watson held a Facebook chat to mark International Women 's Day The HeforShe campaigner calls for men to support women in their bid for equality
CNN  -- The family of a man whose lifeless , naked body -- wearing what appeared to be a dog collar -- was found in a hot tub next to a sleeping weatherman described him Thursday as someone who was "  easily influenced . " "  Dex had a very loving but trusting heart , " the family of victim Dexter Paul Williams , 24 , said in a statement released by their lawyer , Thomas Nichols . "  Anyone who knew him would agree that he was easily influenced . " Christopher Barbour , 36 , said he awoke Monday morning in his home outside Little Rock , Arkansas , to find Williams ' body at the bottom of the empty tub , his face blue and purple and a chain around his neck , a Maumelle Police Department report said . Asleep next to the corpse was KARK meteorologist Brett Cummins , 33 , who had arrived at Barbour 's house with Williams on Sunday night , Barbour told police . In a statement issued on Cummins ' behalf , lawyer Mark Hampton said Thursday that his client was devastated by the death of his friend . It added that Cummins was cooperating with authorities investigating the death and "  looks forward to a conclusion of the inquiry , secure in his own innocence and confident that no foul play was involved . " On Sunday night , the three men had drunk and snorted illegal narcotics , though Barbour could not identify the drugs , according to a report by Officer Gregory Roussie . Around 10 p.m. , Cummins and Williams moved into the hot tub , where Barbour joined them later ; they continued drinking until Barbour retired for the night around 11 , falling asleep on his couch in the living room , the report said . Around 8 a.m. Monday , Barbour awoke to Cummins ' snoring and discovered his two guests -- but no water -- in the hot tub , he told police . "  He observed that Dexter 's head was lying behind Brett 's left shoulder , " Barbour told police , according to the report . Barbour said that after he awakened Cummins , the two men saw that Williams ' face was discolored and his skin cold . Cummins screamed and ran to the living room , where he vomited next to the couch , Barbour said . Maumelle police and fire rescue arrived at the home around 8:10 , and they found Williams ' body in the tub , a ring of blood around his head , the report said . In the master bedroom , police found a pill bottle next to a pair of khaki cargo shorts on a storage ottoman , Sgt. David Collins said in his report . No arrests had been made , but an investigation was under way , Lt. Jim Hansard told CNN on Thursday . "  We do n't have a crime -- yet , " he said . "  That 's part of the investigation . " KARK made note of the incident on its website . "  Our Meteorologist Brett Cummins was at the home at the time of the death and we felt we should share this with our viewers , " the report said Tuesday . "  Brett will not be on the air as he is mourning the loss of his friend . Our thoughts go out to the family and friends of Dexter Williams . " Police said they are not releasing preliminary autopsy results . The family 's statement asked for privacy . "  While we are disturbed by the circumstances surrounding the death of our son , we are confident the authorities will fully investigate this tragic event , " it said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Cummins is "  secure in his own innocence , " his lawyer says "  Dex had a very loving but trusting heart , " Dexter Williams ' family says in a statement "  Anyone who knew him would agree that he was easily influenced , " it says Williams , 24 , was found dead in a hot tub next to a sleeping weatherman
Weary parents , doomed to hear "  Let it Go " on a loop until the end of time , made the "  Frozen " soundtrack the most downloaded album of the year on iTunes . Every year , Apple releases its lists of the top downloads , along with a selection of "  best of " content on iTunes , chosen by Apple staff . This year , Elsa and friends were all over Apple 's most-purchased charts . "  Frozen " was the most downloaded movie of the year , and the single "  Let it Go " was the eighth most-popular song . Kids  and kids at heart  were a driving force behind many of the top iTunes purchases this year . "  Minecraft " was the most popular paid iPad app and second most-purchased iPhone app . "  The Lego Movie " was the second most-downloaded movie and was Apple 's pick for best family movie . Young adult book "  The Fault in Our Stars " was the most popular fiction title , and YA hit "  Divergent " was the top-selling audio book . We hope the children were n't watching the most-downloaded TV shows . "  Game of Thrones " topped the list , followed by "  The Walking Dead , " "  Downton Abbey , " "  Breaking Bad " and "  Scandal . " Facebook 's plan to force its users to download the stand-alone Facebook Messenger app seems to have worked -- it was the year 's most popular free iPhone app . Microsoft Word was only the fifth most-popular free iPad app , coming in behind YouTube , Netflix , Skype and a weather app . In addition to naming its biggest moneymakers , Apple highlights what it thinks are the best movies , performances and apps of the year . The company safely dodged any controversy by naming Beyonce best artist and Taylor Swift 's "  1989 " as best album of the year . Other picks were "  Fargo " the year 's best TV show , Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson for best TV performances , and "  Key & Peele " for best breakthrough TV show . Comedian Jenny Slate 's movie "  Obvious Child " was the best discovery and "  Guardians of the Galaxy " best blockbuster . Brain training app Elevate is the company 's pick for best app of the year and "  Threes ! " is the best game of the year . Runaway true-crime hit "  Serial " was anointed the best new podcast of the year . "  Serial " is still iTunes ' most downloaded podcast around the world right now , having been downloaded 5 million times .	Apple releases its lists of most downloaded movies , TV shows and music for 2014 "  Frozen " was a big moneymaker in the movie and music sections The company also named its favorite content , including hit podcast "  Serial "
