CNN  -- If you travel by plane and arriving on time makes a difference , try to book on Hawaiian Airlines . In 2012 , passengers got where they needed to go without delay on the carrier more than nine times out of 10 , according to a study released on Monday . In fact , Hawaiian got even better from 2011 , when it had a 92.8 % on-time performance . Last year , it improved to 93.4 % . The Airline Quality Rankings Report looks at the 14 largest U.S. airlines and is based on an analysis of U.S. Department of Transportation figures . It 's co-authored by Brent Bowen , the head of the Department of Aviation Technology at Purdue University , and Dean Headley of Wichita State . In addition to on-time performance , the joint project looks at three other categories : rate of consumer complaints , mishandled bags and denied boarding performance . At a time when U.S. airlines are a whipping post for passenger complaints about crowded flights , tight seats , costly tickets and unsatisfactory service , there is a glimmer of hope . Eight airlines improved their on-time arrival performance in 2012 . Nine of the 14 rated had an on-time arrival percentage of more than 80 % . ExpressJet and American Airlines had the worst on-time performance  76.9 %  last year , according to the data gathered in the 23rd annual report . Virgin America had the best baggage handling rate of all the airlines  0.87 misplaced bags per 1,000 passengers .  American Eagle showed improvement from 2011 but still came in last , fumbling baggage at a rate of 5.80 mishandled bags per 1,000 passengers . When it came to complaints last year , Southwest again had the lowest consumer rate  0.25 per 100,000 passengers  while the distinction of being the airline with the highest consumer complaint rate went to United Airlines  4.24 per 100,000 . Seven of the world 's most entertaining airports Boeing does ` final ' battery test on 787 Dreamliner FAA delays closures of 149 control towers	Hawaiian Airlines again lands at No. 1 in on-time performance The Airline Quality Rankings Report looks at the 14 largest U.S. airlines ExpressJet and American Airlines had the worst on-time performance Virgin America had the best baggage handling ; Southwest had lowest complaint rate
CNN  -- Actress Kristin Davis is an ambassador for Oxfam , an international alliance of 15 organizations striving to find lasting solutions to poverty and injustice . The group works directly with communities in 98 countries . As part of her efforts , Davis advocates for vulnerable women around the world . She recently spoke with CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki about the need to help people improve their lives . Below are excerpts from that interview . CNN : What inspired you to get involved with Oxfam ? Kristin Davis : Oxfam is unique in helping people become independent . That 's their goal . One of the reasons I got involved was that after the tsunami , I remember all of the fishermen whose entire lives had gotten washed away in Indonesia . I thought , "  How are they ever going to get their livelihoods back ? " Oxfam was committed to staying there until those fishermen got their own livelihoods back together so that they could be self-sufficient . . CNN : You are specifically interested in helping women receive job training and education . Why is that important to you ? Davis : A lot of times , these women have been left alone or their husbands have died of AIDS or different things . I was interested in helping women who may live in a world where they were n't trained to do anything and they were n't afforded an education . Oxfam will go into these communities and try to help out . It might be raising chickens , it might be sewing beaded necklaces ; they 're helping the women empower themselves . And , especially for women , that 's a huge , huge life-changing thing to be able to be self-sufficient . The women can then support their children , and usually the women send their children to school and it changes the next generation . CNN : What is your role as an ambassador ? Davis : The way I perceive my role as an ambassador -- which I think is personal for everyone -- is that I travel to places that I 'm interested in , where there 's a story or a particular situation with women usually , and I just talk to people and I 'm a witness to their story . I come back and try to tell their stories . Just going is such an inspiration for me that I would do it  if  no one asked me at all . But it 's wonderful for me to be able to talk about it to other people , because I think sometimes we 're not aware of how other people are living . CNN : What is a hero to you ? Davis : I think right now our world is somewhat chaotic . There 's a lot to be upset about and a lot to complain about , and the heroes are the people who are getting up and doing something about it . That 's what I love about the CNN Heroes program : that it 's people all over the world who may just be on their own trying to fix something . And I think that 's great . It 's great to be able to support people who are involved in maybe a small-scale way , trying to make the world better . I think there are so many people trying so hard to change things , and the news just does n't get to cover them all . So it 's nice that CNN Heroes does cover it .	"  Sex and the City " star Kristin Davis is an ambassador for Oxfam The organization helps people in nearly 100 countries get back on their feet Davis is especially committed toward women and trying to empower them
CNN  -- Golf fans grew accustomed to the sight of Seve Ballesteros lifting trophies aloft during his glittering career , and his son Javier is continuing the family tradition . Javier Ballesteros , son of five-time major winner Seve , finished on six-under par to clinch the three-round amateur Madrid Open . Seve , who won a record 50 European Tour events during his 33-year playing career , passed away aged 55 in May last year after a prolonged battle with a cancerous brain tumor . "  My father always told me that you have to play with what you got , and that 's what I did , " 22-year-old Javier , a law student in the Spanish capital , was reported to have said by AP . "  I thought about him a lot during the 18 holes and I dedicate this victory to him and my mother . " Javier 's win arrived 12 days before his father 's close friend Jose Maria Olazabal captains Europe in the Ryder Cup against the United States . The Spanish pair played together in four Ryder Cup matches between 1987 and 1993 , winning three and drawing the other , and are widely regarded as one of the finest duos in the competition 's history . Ballesteros also captained a European team which included Olazabal to victory on Spanish soil at Valderrama in 1997 . Olazabal 's Europe will be looking to defend the trophy they won in 2010 when the 39th Ryder Cup match begins at the Medinah Country Club in Illinois on September 28 .	Javier Ballesteros wins the amateur Madrid Open The 22-year-old is the son of the late five-time major Seve Ballesteros Seve passed away in 2011 after a lengthy battle with a cancerous brain tumor Seve 's close friend Jose Maria Olazabal captains Europe in the Ryder Cup this month
CNN  -- The organization overseeing money raised to aid victims of the theater shooting in Aurora , Colorado , and their families responded Thursday to criticism from some victims ' relatives that their calls to help decide how to spend it were being ignored . "  Every penny collected will go to meeting the direct needs and the future needs of the victims and their families , " said Marla Williams , the chief executive of Community First Foundation , which oversees the relief fund . At least $ 5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund since it was established with the approval of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper to help families of the 12 killed and 58 wounded . The governor chose the Community First Foundation to oversee the relief fund . On Tuesday , Tom Teves , the father of shooting victim Alex Teves , said that "  people who were in the theater , together with those who have lost loved ones " should be driving decisions about how the money raised is spent . At a news conference in Denver , Teves led a group he said represented 11 of the 12 people who died in the July 20 shooting . "  We 're certain that everyone who donated their hard-earned wages intended for 100 % of the donations to go directly to the victims and then each family affected would use those funds for what they most needed to help their healing process , " Teves said . "  Unfortunately that does n't seem to be the case . " But Williams said Thursday the foundation was trying to manage the fund "  in a way that we can account for all the money . " She told CNN sister network HLN that it would take 30 to 45 days to determine how best to help the victims and their families . The organizations involved are committed not to take any fee from the funds , she said . The foundation is working with a community committee , the Colorado Organization for Victim Assistance , also known as COVA . COVA sent checks for $ 5,000 to each of the 70 victims ' families on August 17 , but Chantel Blunk , whose husband , Jonathan Blunk , was among the dead , said the money was not enough to help her deal with the trauma to her son and daughter , ages 2 and 4 . When she asked COVA to buy a plane ticket for her daughter Haley to travel from Reno , Nevada , to Denver , "  They told me no , " Blunk said . "  They 're like , ` There 's no more funding and we ca n't help you . ' " In a statement on its website , COVA said "  100 % of donations made to COVA in the aftermath of the Aurora shooting are going directly to the victims . COVA has been able to assist victims and their families with costs such as airfare , rental cars and emergency fund situations because of the generosity of people from around the nation . " The families demand "  a robust voice " on the committee that decides where the money goes , Teves said . Cheryl Haggstrom , Community First Foundation executive vice president , said Tuesday that there had been a conversation about adding family representatives to the committee . Hickenlooper 's spokesman , Eric Brown , said Tuesday that his office was working to "  improve communication and the ongoing distribution of assistance . " "  Everyone involved is trying to do the right thing in a very difficult situation , " Brown said . "  We understand the frustration shared today by victims ' families . That 's why we have been advocating for them to have a greater voice in the process . " Family representatives will meet with the relief funds committee on Friday , Brown said . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	At least $ 5 million has been donated to the Aurora Victims Relief Fund Relatives of victims say their demands on how to spend the money have been ignored All money will go to meet the needs of the victims and families , foundation official says Checks for $ 5,000 were sent to each of the 70 victims ' families earlier this month
CNN  -- Prince Harry and a trekking team made up of servicemen and women reached the South Pole on Friday , organizers for the Walking With The Wounded charity said . Three teams of seven participants each , representing the United Kingdom , United States and the Commonwealth , which consists of several countries long affiliated with the British Empire , took part in the charity event . Originally , it was a race among the three teams to reach the South Pole , but organizers called off the competitive aspect because it was putting undue strain on the participants . Harry -- himself a member of Britain 's armed forces , having served in Afghanistan and elsewhere -- has had a long association with this charity . In several ways , he 's been preparing for this latest mission for a long time . That includes taking part in a Walking With The Wounded expedition to the North Pole -- even plunging into the Arctic Ocean 's freezing waters -- in 2011 before withdrawing to attend his brother William 's wedding . More recently , he traveled to Iceland for training and even spent 24 hours in an industrial freezer in preparation for the South Pole trek . The teams had to trek more than 200 miles  322 kilometers  across the sparse continent , in temperatures as low as -35 degrees Celsius  -31 Fahrenheit  . Opinion : Why we should salute Prince harry for his polar charity walk	NEW : Prince Harry and a team made up of servicemen and women reach the South Pole Organizers called off competitive aspect of the charity event The team trekked more than 200 miles
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- Fires in southern Greece that have razed dozens of villages and killed at least 44 people may have been deliberately set ahead of next month 's national elections , the prime minister suggested Saturday . A fire burns in the Mesohoria area on Evia Island , northeast of Athens . Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis declared a nationwide state of emergency Saturday night . He also turned to European Union allies , which have promised help . Emergency crews pulled charred bodies from homes and local media reported death tolls of up to 50 people . Scores are hospitalized with severe burns and respiratory problems , state-run television reported . Although the fires were concentrated in the southern Peloponnese region , heavy smoke billowing Saturday afternoon above Mount Hymettus , southeast of Athens , signaled a new fire . It was burning close to Athens International Airport , forcing officials to close a highway . In a nationally televised address , Karamanlis suggested the blazes might have been set by political extremists , disrupting political campaigning . "  So many fires sparked simultaneously in so many places is no coincidence , " Karamanlis said , and vowed to punish those responsible . Many firefighters told CNN they are suspicious of the fire 's source , given several witness reports that the blazes cropped up simultaneously along a 20-kilometer  12-mile  front of lush greenery in southern Greece . The prime minister described the situation as a "  battle that has to be won , " and ordered all resources mobilized to fight the fires . He also announced that a fund has been set up for fire victims and their families , and an assessment of the disaster will be made . The most devastated area stretches for 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the western towns of the Zaharo , within the highlands of the western Peloponnese , to the southern tip of the peninsula , Mani . In the past 24 hours , hundreds of firefighters , soldiers , and planes loaded with water have been battling the infernos on a dozen fronts , authorities said . Yet , despite their efforts , officials said the flames had not been tamed . "  Our emergency services are overstretched and it is humanly impossible to battle this force of nature , " a top fire official told CNN . An EU statement said 30 member countries had offered assistance . France on Saturday was slated to send two planes to help quell the fires , and Norway and Germany pledged to send aircraft as well . A sweltering heat wave in Greece has parched forests and scrubland . With intense winds fanning the flames , authorities call this the country 's worst fire season on record . Since June , more than 3,000 fires have razed thousands of hectares of forests and scrubland across the country -- nearly triple last year 's total -- according to officials . A mother , her child and at least seven other people died fleeing burning woods in the mountainous villages in western Peloponnese , near the town of Zaharo , according to a fire department official . Farther south , six people -- including two French tourists found by rescue crews in an embrace -- were killed in a forest fire that swept near their hotel in the town of Areopolis , located 190 kilometers  120 miles  southwest of Athens . Greece 's elections are set for September 16 . The ruling party has called for a temporary suspension of political campaigning as a sign of respect to those who died in the flames , and flags on government buildings were flying Saturday at half staff . E-mail to a friend Journalist Anthee Carassava contributed to this report	NEW : Greek government declares a state of emergency for the entire country NEW : Death toll revised to 44 for fires sweeping southern Greece European Union says 30 member countries have offered help
CNN  -- Four more cases of a possibly fatal respiratory virus have been confirmed in Oman and Saudi Arabia , according to the World Health Organization . Three people in Eastern Saudi Arabia contracted the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome  MERS-CoV  and one of the patients has died , the WHO said . They ranged from 49 to 83 years old and all three had underlying medical conditions . The WHO is investigating what exposure might have caused their infections . The viral respiratory illness was first reported in Saudi Arabia in 2012 and since spread to at least four countries in or near the Arabian Peninsula , according the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . MERS unlikely to cause pandemic -- for now , experts say The WHO says it has confirmed the first case of the virus in Oman , where a 68-year-old man from Al Dahkliya region became ill October 26 and was hospitalized two days later . Since September of last year , the WHO has confirmed 149 cases of MERS-CoV and 63 people have died from the illness . No cases have been identified in the United States , according to the CDC . It 's believed the virus has spread through close contact with ill people . Symptoms of the disease include fever , cough , shortness of breath , diarrhea and -- in severe cases -- renal failure and acute respiratory distress syndrome with shock . The WHO is asking member countries to carefully review any case of severe acute respiratory infections . Opinion : Why MERS virus is so scary	Four new cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome reported , with one person dead World Health Organization says first report of illness in Oman Investigation is ongoing on how the virus may have spread 63 have died of virus which has been confirmed in 149 people in Middle East
CNN  -- Like a stereotypical beauty pageant , it looks like thin will be in at the world 's largest annual gadget convention next week in Las Vegas . At the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show , computer makers will be pushing a new breed of ultra-thin , ultra-light laptops amid a sea of razor-thin smartphones and tablets . Last year , 140,000 people in the technology industry convened at the Las Vegas Convention Center to mingle and gawk at cutting-edge hardware . The organizers expect to welcome at least that many people next week . Electronics makers use CES as a platform to show the types of products they plan to release in the coming year . The compact disc player , high-definition television and Blu-ray each debuted at past conventions . Decades since its formation , the yearly six-day event is a spectacle . But with some of the largest players in today 's consumer electronics industry shunning CES , the trade show 's impact may be waning . Apple , the world 's most valuable technology company , and Amazon , an upstart in tablets and the leader in e-readers , do not participate . Google 's operating systems can be found in partners ' booths , running on phones , tablets and TVs , but the software giant does not run a booth . And Microsoft , which will deliver its 14th CES presentation Monday , announced recently it will not have a booth or participate in the keynotes after this year 's event . "  Are we doing something because it 's the right thing to do , or because ` it 's the way we 've always done it ? ' " a Microsoft spokesman asked rhetorically in a statement . The big product categories that will dominate the CES show floor next week , according to manufacturers and analysts , are not revolutionary . They are expected to be thinner , lighter and more refined versions of gadgets that have already gained a toehold with consumers . Tablets Electronics makers have been chasing after Apple 's iPad for two years , and the racetrack is expected to get more crowded next week . Google and Samsung last month released the first phone running Android 4.0 , which is Google 's first system that 's designed to work consistently on either a phone or a tablet . At CES , tech companies will showcase plenty of phones with that software , but the touchscreen tablets with Android 4 will be prevalent . Not to get left out of the party it started about a decade ago , Microsoft is stepping up its tablet efforts . The next major version of Windows will have a revamped interface for tablet computers , which will present programs as tiles that can be touched to fill the screen . Analysts expect to see a bevy of Windows 8 tablets at CES . With so many options , bargain hunters may get to pick something besides Amazon 's Kindle Fire , which lit up holiday sales last month .  The Fire actually has quite a bit of Android code under the hood . Sorry , Microsoft . Ultrabooks Windows wo n't be just for tablets , of course . A new breed of computers called Ultrabooks will launch at CES from several PC manufacturers . If the tablet wars are a response to the iPad , then Ultrabooks follow in the footsteps of Apple 's MacBook Air . They are thinner and lighter than the average laptop because they typically do not have disc drives , and instead of hard drives , use flash memory , which is faster but more expensive . Microsoft will enable this anti-disc computer with the application store in Windows 8 . But the Ultrabook initiative is being driven by Intel , which makes the processor that runs them . "  You have Intel pushing heavily on this very thin but relatively traditional clamshell form factor without a lot of emphasis on touch , " NPD Group analyst Ross Rubin said in a phone interview . "  And then you 've got Microsoft pushing the touchscreen tablet experience . " Netbooks appear to be on their way out . That 's a bad sign for Google , whose Chromebooks have struggled to challenge Microsoft in PC operating systems . Internet TVs that also do 3-D TVs have long been the centerpiece of CES and of the consumer electronics industry as a whole . For the last few years , the big push has been in three-dimensional viewing technology , but demand has been small . Meanwhile , Internet services are also working their way onto television sets . Netflix and Pandora have seen tremendous growth on TV platforms . For the 3-D optimists , app-friendly TVs , which also happen to work with 3-D glasses , could allow for more 3-D video from independent filmmakers who distribute over the Web , Rubin noted . CES is expected to provide a launchpad for TVs that are smarter about how they let watchers access Web content , analysts say . Google has reportedly invested more in its TV platform , which should be evident at CES . The electronics giants do not want to get beaten to another big opportunity by Apple , which is rumored to be working on a TV set of its own . Do n't expect Apple to show up at CES with a big screen though . Or to show up at all . Connected cars As the automotive industry strives for a rebound , car makers are looking for high tech to be their guide . Several car companies have lined up CES presentations . They are expected to announce partnerships with popular Internet software companies and unveil technical wonders available at the touch of a button on the steering wheel . Dieter Zetsche , the head of Mercedes-Benz Cars , will present a keynote speech Tuesday . MOG , the music-streaming service , plans to announce integration with a line of cars Tuesday . And since last CES , Pandora has more than doubled the number of cars that tap into its streaming radio service , Pandora founder Tim Westergren said in a phone interview . "  These companies see the car as a software platform , " Westergren said . "  It 's the computer on four wheels . " Apps Sure , CES is about gadgets , but the programs that run on them have become a key selling point . Many electronics makers have apparently decided that each new phone , tablet , car or refrigerator should allow owners to update their Facebook statuses . "  Software has simply become so critical to the overall customer experience , " said Rubin , the NPD Group analyst . "  It 's no longer an optional part of the business . " Software makers are eager to exploit this reality . Many say they will tout their wares at partners ' booths and in private meetings . For example , online video provider Vimeo plans to make a major announcement Monday to coincide with the start of CES . Vimeo CEO Dae Mellencamp said in an interview at the company 's New York headquarters that CES has emerged as an important venue for her company and others like it . "  It 's the only trade show I attend all year , " she said .	The Consumer Electronics Show brings a slew of new gadgets Tablets running Google 's Android and Microsoft 's Windows 8 will debut Ultrabooks , a new type of thinner laptop , are expected to make a splash But some of the largest players in the consumer electronics industry are shunning CES
In 2011 , I was on a panel , organized by the security company RSA , with two retired National Security Agency directors , Michael Hayden and Kenneth Minihan . During the course of our debate , I raised concerns , as the only non-American on the panel , that their plans and preferences for having the NSA secure cyberspace for the rest of us were not exactly reassuring . To this , Minihan replied that I should not describe myself as "  Canadian " but rather "  North American . " As jarring as his response was , the fact of the matter is when it comes to communications , he 's right . Practically speaking , there is no border separating Canadian from U.S. telecommunications -- though that 's not true the other way around . Primarily , this one-way dependence is a product of history and economics . Canadians ' communications are inextricably connected to networks south of the border and subject to the laws and practices of the U.S. over which we , as foreigners , have no say or control . For American citizens , the recent NSA scandal has touched off soul-searching discussions about the legality of mass surveillance programs , whether they violate the Fourth and Fifth Amendments of the U.S. Constitution , and whether proper oversight and accountability exist to protect American citizens ' rights . Opinion : Massive spying on Americans is outrageous Indeed , with respect to the case of PRISM , NSA 's secret set of tools used to collect data about overseas Internet communications , some argue the program actually enhances those safeguards for Americans -- because it appears that collection of company data was segregated in such a way to limit the collection to "  foreign citizens . " As reassuring as this may be for Americans , for the rest of us non-Americans who enjoy our Gmail , Google Docs , and Facebook accounts , it 's definitely unsettling : We 're all fair game . While cyberspace may be global , its infrastructure most definitely is not . For example , a huge proportion of global Internet traffic flows through networks controlled by the United States , simply because eight of 15 global tier 1 telecommunications companies are American -- companies like AT&T , CenturyLink , XO Communications and , significantly , Verizon . The social media services that many of us take for granted are also mostly provided by giants headquartered in the United States , like Google , Facebook , Yahoo! and Twitter . All of these companies are subject to U.S. law , including the provisions of the U.S. Patriot Act , no matter where their services are offered or their servers located . Having the world 's Internet traffic routed through the U.S. and having those companies under its jurisdiction give U.S. national security agencies an enormous home-field advantage that few other countries enjoy . But there are unintended consequences of the NSA scandal that will undermine U.S. foreign policy interests -- in particular , the "  Internet Freedom " agenda espoused by the U.S. State Department and its allies . Opinion : Your biggest secrets are up for grabs The revelations that have emerged will undoubtedly trigger a reaction abroad as policymakers and ordinary users realize the huge disadvantages of their dependence on U.S.-controlled networks in social media , cloud computing , and telecommunications , and of the formidable resources that are deployed by U.S. national security agencies to mine and monitor those networks . For example , in 2012 , Norwegian lawmakers debated a ban on the use by public officials of Google 's and Microsoft 's cloud computing services . Although shelved temporarily , this type of debate will almost certainly be resurrected and spread throughout Europe and other regions as the full scope of U.S.-based "  foreign directed " wiretapping and metadata collection sinks in . Already we can see regional traffic to the United States from Asia , Africa and even Latin America gradually declining , a trend that is almost certainly going to accelerate as those regions ramp up regional network exchange points and local services to minimize dependence on networks under U.S. control . Many of the countries in the Southern Hemisphere are failed or fragile states ; many of them are authoritarian or autocratic regimes . No doubt the elites in those regimes will use the excuse of security to adopt more stringent state controls over the Internet in their jurisdictions and support local versions of popular social media companies over which they can exact their own nationalized controls -- a trend that began prior to the NSA revelations but which now has additional rhetorical support . In the age of Big Data , the revelations about NSA 's intelligence-gathering programs touched many nerves . The issue of surveillance wo n't go away , and Americans will need to figure out the appropriate safeguards for liberty in their democracy . It 's an important debate , but one that does n't include us "  foreigners " that now make up the vast majority of the Internet users . Americans would do well to consider the international implications of their domestic policies before they come home to bite them .	Ronald Deibert : For non-Americans , NSA 's massive surveillance is unsettling Deibert : While cyberspace may be global , its infrastructure most definitely is not He says much of global Internet traffic flows through networks controlled by the U.S. Deibert : U.S. needs to rethink the global implications of its domestic surveillance policies
CNN  Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko said Friday that a ceasefire due to go into effect over the weekend between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine is in "  big danger . " Fighting continued ahead of the cessation of the bitter 10-month-long conflict that has killed more than 5,000 people and strained East-West relations . The peace plan hammered out Thursday during marathon four-way talks in Minsk , Belarus , had raised hopes of an end to the fighting . But Poroshenko said that after the agreement reached by the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , Germany and France , the offensive against Ukrainian troops by pro-Russian separatists had intensified . "  This is not just an attack on Ukrainian civilians , this is an attack of the Minsk results , " he said in Kiev , adding the peace plan is in "  big danger . " The ceasefire agreement comes with many questions over how it will be implemented and whether it will stick . The first test will be whether the guns fall silent when the ceasefire comes into force at midnight local time Saturday to Sunday . Both sides are expected to start pulling back their heavy weapons from the front lines as of Monday , creating a buffer zone at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  wide . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which already has a monitoring mission in Ukraine , has been given the challenging task of overseeing the process . "  We need to have an effective ceasefire , " said OSCE Secretary General Lamberto Zannier , at a media briefing . "  So I 'm already concerned that we are seeing this morning a continuation of hostilities . " The OSCE hopes to see a reduction in hostilities between now and the start of the ceasefire , he said . But reports from eastern Ukraine -- where separatist soldiers told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh on Thursday that they were highly skeptical of the peace plan -- suggest otherwise . Eight Ukrainian soldiers have died and 34 have been injured in the past 24 hours , the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said Friday morning . There were 40 incidents of militants opening fire and shelling in the conflict area overnight , including 25 in the Debaltseve area , it said . What will happen to the strategically important , government-controlled town of Debaltseve , under siege by separatist forces for weeks , is one of the big unanswered questions . Thousands of Ukrainian soldiers remain there , almost surrounded , and it 's unclear who will ultimately control the town when the ceasefire comes into effect . The water began running Thursday night for the first time in a week at the Konopliovi home in Horlivka . A bath was quickly drawn so the three children could clean up . The kids ' mother went to another room to get a towel and the first shell hit , wiping out the bathroom but leaving the parents ' bedroom -- even its windows -- intact . Nastya , 14 ; Dasha , 7 ; and Kiriusha , 2 1/2 , were dead . "  What ceasefire ? I curse every day those who killed my children , and all those of the country . People who want to live peacefully , " Liuba Konopliovi told CNN , according to a translator . "  We lived , grew up , took our children to school . They are not people . " Doctors Without Borders said in a "  crisis update " from one of its doctors in Horlivka that between five and 20 victims are brought to their facility each day . On one occasion , there were 60 victims . But on three days , there was no water with which to sterilize the equipment , so only urgent care was administered . Despite the uncertainties over the deal , all those at the Minsk talks said it was a better alternative than simply allowing the escalating violence to continue . "  We had just two options : bad , and worse . So we decided at this particular period of time to get the bad option . Probably this option will save the lives of Ukrainian soldiers , and I hope this option will save lives of Ukrainian civilians , of innocent people , who are under a constant shelling of Russian-led terrorists , " Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Kiev . "  It 's better to have this new deal rather than not to have  it  . But we do not trust any words or any papers . We are to trust only actions and deeds , " he said . The White House issued a statement with a tone of guarded optimism and urged all parties to take "  immediate , concrete steps " to fulfill their commitments . "  Heavy weapons must be withdrawn from the conflict zone , and Russia must end its support for the separatists and withdraw its soldiers and military equipment from eastern Ukraine , " the statement said . While the Ukrainian forces have to pull back their heavy weapons from the front line as it stands Saturday night , the separatist forces must pull back theirs from the front line as it was on September 19 , when a previous peace agreement was signed in Minsk . That swiftly disintegrated amid continued violence . The new ceasefire proposal represents a territorial gain for the separatists , who control parts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , speaking after the talks wrapped up alongside French President Francois Hollande , said that what had been achieved gave "  a glimmer of hope " but that big hurdles still lay ahead . European Union leaders who met in Brussels later Thursday "  did not discuss any new sanctions against Russia , " European Council President Donald Tusk told reporters in the Belgian capital . Tusk said that the EU wants "  to encourage " Russia to implement the new Minsk agreement , but he also advised caution in light of how the first Minsk agreement unraveled . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti that while Russia had helped to bring about the Minsk agreement , it was n't in its power to fulfill it . "  We simply ca n't do this physically because Russia is not a participant in the conflict , " Peskov said . Moscow hopes that all of the points drawn up in the Minsk deal will be fulfilled , he added . Russia has steadfastly denied accusations that it is sending forces and weapons into Ukraine . But top Western and Ukrainian leaders have said there is n't any doubt that Russia is behind surging violence and separatists ' efforts to take over territory in eastern Ukraine . Zannier , the OSCE secretary general , said his organization intends to put 350 monitors into eastern Ukraine to oversee the ceasefire and withdrawal process . Under the terms of the Minsk agreement , it can use radar , satellite and drone technology to help it . But he warned that unless the environment becomes less hostile , there are limits to where the OSCE teams can go . Details of the new agreement , which is similar in part to the September 19 deal , were released Thursday , but it 's still unclear how elements of it will work . The points include : • An immediate and comprehensive ceasefire in parts of Donetsk and Luhansk starting at midnight on February 15 . • The withdrawal of all heavy weapons by both parties at equal distances in order to create a security zone width of at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  from each other for artillery systems and more for longer-range weapons . • This process should begin no later than the next day after the ceasefire and should be over within 14 days . • A dialogue on new local elections and the special status of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions will begin the day after the withdrawal . • A law will be created to give amnesty to people involved in events in Luhansk and Donetsk . • Both sides must ensure the release and exchange of all hostages and illegally held prisoners by no later than the fifth day after the withdrawal . • Withdrawal of all foreign troops and military equipment from Ukraine , including mercenaries , and the disarmament of militia groups . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Nick Paton Walsh , Alla Eshchenko , Pierre Meilhan and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev contributed to this report .	Petro Poroshenko claims that pro-Russian forces have increased their attacks Fighting continues in eastern Ukraine ahead of a ceasefire due to come into effect Sunday OSCE chief says he hopes to see a reduction in hostilities before the ceasefire
CNET  -- Compact-camera manufacturers have begun testing the waters with a wealth of high-end features as they search for new ways to gain revenue , market share , and recognition . A prototype of Olympus ' Micro Four Thirds model , one of several small cameras with big features . In earlier digital photography days , a camera with an extra megapixel of resolution , face recognition , or image stabilization could stand apart from the herd . But now that herd has grown larger , most folks who 'll buy a digital camera already have done so , the economy has put consumer spending on ice -- and camera makers are making some bolder bets with high-end features . Among them : Nikon 's built-in GPS support to record where a photo was taken , Casio 's high-speed video , and the Micro Four Thirds camera system from Panasonic and Olympus . Premium features are n't an easy sell . They tend to appeal to market niches rather than the mainstream . Early implementations are often rough around the edges . And it 's hard enough to convince people to buy a new camera , much less one with the higher price of premium features . But winning those customers can have a good payoff with better profit margins . And that 's critical in this day and age . Market research firm IDC expects that after years of growth , the shipments of digital cameras will decline in 2009 . "  It 's crowded , and it 's getting crowdeder , " IDC analyst Ron Glaz said of the digital camera market . "  We 're anticipating that with the slowdown in economy and disposable income , we 'll start seeing consolidation of the vendors . " In other words , even though something in the neighborhood of 38 million digital cameras are sold annually , some companies will throw in the towel . Even as the compact-digital market saturated in recent years , digital SLRs showed strong market growth . Some high-end compact models are geared for those thinking of buying an SLR , but who want something less bulky and complicated . Another type : SLR owners who need something they can slip into a pocket or easily take on a trip . Dethroning Canon The company to dethrone here is Canon , the leader of the compact camera market . Not only does it have seemingly innumerable cameras for every variation of consumer , but it also has long offered its G series for enthusiasts who are willing to pay a premium for high-end features . The current PowerShot G10 offers 14.7 megapixels of resolution , full manual controls , support for raw image format , a durable body , and a relatively fast lens . "  There have always been competitive products for the G-series . However , the range of competitors has expanded recently . Now , not only high-end point-and-shoot , but also low-end DSLR products are priced about the same as the G10 , " Canon said in a statement . The company has offered a new G-series model each year since 2006 , and Canon believes the G10 to be the leading high-end compact camera in the United States . Canon shares dominance in the SLR market with Nikon , and in the compact market , Nikon 's Coolpix P6000 is aimed straight at Canon 's G10 . The P6000 's chief distinguishing feature is its built-in GPS receiver , which enables the camera to know where it is when a photo is taken . That location data is written into the image file through a process called geotagging that lets people sort their photos not just by when they were taken or by what folder on a computer they were stuffed into , but also by where they were taken . "  Having GPS in the camera makes all the sense in the world to me , " Glaz said . "  People are now capturing thousands of pictures a year . There are only a few things they remember about them -- I was in Paris , it was around the holidays . " So location data is important , especially as software arrives that can convert a photo 's latitude-longitude information into a place name . That will let people search for photos by typing in text , not just by looking at image thumbnails on a map . The Micro Four Thirds contenders The P6000 and G10 are self-contained , one-off cameras . If you do n't like them , you can wait a couple years and buy the next model in the category . But Olympus and Panasonic are trying something much more ambitious in the market : the Micro Four Thirds standard . The two companies already sell SLRs that use the earlier Four Thirds standard , which governs the sensor size along with the interchangeable lenses mounting system and communication with the camera body . Micro Four Thirds is a smaller variation that employs the same size sensor but smaller lenses , and cameras forsake SLRs ' space-consuming flip-up mirror . "  We 're looking at  Micro Four Thirds  as the ability to offer a high-end interchangeable lens camera in an extremely small , compact body at an affordable price that would appeal to individuals coming up from the point-ad-shoot space , looking for a more sophisticated camera system they could grow with , " said Sally Smith Clemens , product manager for Olympus Imaging America . It 's for the person who demands high image quality but wants to be able to fit a camera and three lenses in a small fanny pack . Casio 's EX-FH20 camera can shoot slow-motion video . This one slows down time by a factor of 14 but has a native resolution of only 224x168 pixels . At 1000 frames per second , it 's a 224x56 strip . So far , Olympus has only shown a slim Micro Four Thirds concept model , and despite some speculation to the contrary , that 's all it 'll show at the Photo Marketing Show in March , Smith Clemens added . But Panasonic already has its first first Micro Four Thirds model for sale , the $ 670 Lumix DMC-G1 . While Olympus ' Micro Four Thirds effort is steered initially toward small models resembling the rangefinder cameras from the film era , Panasonic 's G1 is relatively expensive and bulky , smaller than an SLR but not something that fits into a pocket easily . Some wags have called the G1 a "  Barbie SLR . " But it shows what can be done with Micro Four Thirds , leading Popular Photography magazine to name the G1 camera of the year . DxO Labs has found the G1 's sensor quality to be superior to that of Canon 's G10 , boding well for Micro Four Thirds models . Sensor size has a lot to do with image quality -- and price -- and Micro Four Thirds sensors , at 17.3 mm by 13mm are vastly larger that those used in compact cameras . That 's important when shooting in dim conditions and when trying to get the best range of colors and tones . Panasonic 's ambition Panasonic , which has n't had much success with its Four Thirds SLR line against giants Canon and Nikon , is eagerly pursuing the Micro Four Thirds direction . Along with the G1 and two lenses , a 14-45mm model and a 45-200mm model  the equivalent of 28-90mm and 90-400mm in 35mm camera terms  , Panasonic plans to release three more lenses this year : a 7-14mm f4 , a fast 20mm f1 .7 , and an image-stabilized 14-140mm f4-5 .6 . "  I do see this being a big part of our future , " said David Briganti , Panasonic 's national marketing manager for imaging . "  The only people having extreme success in the true digital SLR world are Canon and Nikon . Sony is a huge player in the digital compact camera space , but even Sony has struggled despite the huge efforts with their Alpha line . We 'll still have Four Thirds models , and there will be potential for new models in the future , but we feel there 's a huge opportunity that 's been missed by camera manufacturers today , " the step-up from ordinary compact cameras . Panasonic believes there are 23 million people in the market who are willing to buy digital SLRs , but only 7 million have done so , and Micro Four Thirds is aimed at the other 16 million . Micro Four Thirds , though , is a hybrid technology that remains unproven in the market , Glaz said . "  Nobody knows if people will buy them . The G1 is kind of in a no-man 's land at this point , " he said . Why not make things even easier by skipping the interchangeable lenses altogether and shipping an model with a big zoom range ? In short , physics constraints preclude ultrazoom cameras with large image sensors , Briganti said . In general , the larger the sensor , the larger the lenses to support it must be . There is room for improvement , though . The G1 ca n't shoot video -- despite not being encumbered by the mirror that makes video in SLRs so difficult . But Panasonic plans a new model this year that will support high-definition video , Briganti said . Casio 's need for speed Casio has long had a niche with its very slim compact cameras , but in 2008 it started offering a new selling point : super-high-speed video . Most digital cameras shoot video at 30 frames per second , but Casio 's $ 1,000 EX-F1 can shoot much faster : 512x384-pixel resolution at 300 frames per second or 336x96 at 1,200 frames per second , for example . Later came the EX-FH20 , which at $ 600 is n't as expensive , then at the Consumer Electronics Show , the still cheaper EX-FS10 and EX-FC100 . These cameras also will take a high-speed burst of full-resolution still images , making it easier at least in theory to capture that exact moment when the your son 's bat hits the baseball . "  The megapixel wars have peaked out , " said Bill Heuer , head of Casio 's digital camera division . "  We challenged R&D to come up with something to use technology to do things that have n't been done before ... Our goal is to establish categories that are profitable to us and to the retailer . " With the camera industry now operating at the breakneck speed of computing technology , it 's certain other camera makers will try to stake their claims with high-end options . Fujifilm 's $ 400 F200EXR has a sensor designed to work better in low-light conditions . But it 's not just a research and development challenge . The industry now has to convince budget-constrained consumers that the new high-end features are n't just gimmicks but are actually advances worth spending money on . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Compact-camera makers are testing the waters with high-end features like GPS Premium features like high-speed video are n't an easy sell in a tough economy After years of growth , shipments of digital cameras are expected to decline in 2009 The company to dethrone here is Canon , leader of the compact camera market
CNN  -- Adolf Hitler , Pol Pot , Slobodan Milosevic . They are household names , infamous for masterminding genocide . But who were the foot soldiers who did the dirty work ? Recently discovered photos show Nazi officers relaxing at a retreat near Auschwitz . In many cases they were equally notorious in their communities because they were the friends , neighbors and co-workers of those they raped , slaughtered and buried alive . Nusreta Sivac watched ordinary people become killers while imprisoned in a concentration camp in Bosnia . She saw prisoners beaten beyond recognition and watched camp guards force a Muslim prisoner to rape a Muslim woman in front of everyone . She was shocked to see people she knew running the camp . "  They acted as if they had never seen me before , " she said . "  It was difficult for me to understand how people could turn into beasts overnight . " Watch as Nusreta tells her story " While some perpetrators participate unwillingly -- they are forced to kill or face death themselves -- many ordinary people are manipulated into participating in the killing machine voluntarily . Researchers say most perpetrators of genocide were not destined for murder and had never killed before . "  You do n't have to be mentally ill or even innately evil or criminal . You can be ordinary , no better or worse than you or me , and commit killing or genocide , " said Harvard psychiatrist Robert Lifton , who has studied Nazi doctors . "  The truth is that we all have the possibility for genocidal behavior . " Experts have reached a troubling conclusion : It was actually very easy for the architects of genocide to find more than enough ordinary people to do the killing . Genocide is often the result of a "  perfect storm . " A country reeling from political and economic turmoil , a fanatical leader promising to make things better and a vulnerable population targeted for blame -- all combine in a blueprint for mass murder . Architects of genocide use the same tools to execute their plan . Group identity Millions have been killed for being religious , ethnic or simply educated . Group identity is one of the foundations of genocide . This allegiance makes it easier for extremist leaders to stoke age-old animosities between groups . "  We all divide the world into ` us ' and ` them , ' " said psychologist Ervin Staub , author of "  The Roots of Evil : The Origins of Genocide and Other Group Violence . " "  Some people are like ` us ' because of nationality , religion , race , etc. . Those that are not like ` us ' are ` them . ' " "  Group identity intensifies during difficult times , " Staub said . Jean-Bosco Bizimana , a Rwandan Hutu , slaughtered his Tutsi neighbors 14 years ago . Leaders of the genocide exploited the history of hatred between the Hutus and Tutsis to pit them against each other . But before the genocide , the two groups had overcome their hostility to live peacefully together . "  We were manipulated , " Bizimana said . "  The government pushed us to kill . Before that , we intermarried , we helped each other in daily life and we shared everything . We ourselves ca n't even believe what happened . " Bizimana 's wife said her husband , "  would go around with the mob , and to show them he was part of it , he would kill . " Perpetrators do n't want to be seen as weak , and in a mob mentality , individual guilt seems to disappear . "  People will do almost anything in a group and will do anything not to be rejected , " said psychologist Philip Zimbardo , a professor emeritus at Stanford and famous for his 1971 Stanford Prison Experiment , which divided student volunteers into "  prisoners " and "  guards " and showed how easily people could be induced to commit sadistic acts . "  They give up a sense of personal accountability and diffuse responsibility to the leader . " Propaganda and dehumanization Genocidal regimes use propaganda to incite hatred . During the genocide in Bosnia , for example , a fictitious news report said Muslims were feeding Serb children to animals at the Sarajevo zoo . When people feel threatened and endangered , they can be led to kill . "  Most genocides are shaped on -LSB- a perceived need for -RSB- self-defense , " said Christopher Browning , a University of North Carolina history professor who studied a Nazi police battalion . Bizimana said Rwandan government radio broadcasts led him to kill . "  When instructions come from the government , we believed it was the right thing to do , " he said . "  People tend to believe the world is a just place , " psychologist Staub said . So the targeted group "  is seen as though they did something to deserve the suffering . " The propaganda machine portrays the victim group as less than human . In Rwanda , the Hutus called their Tutsi neighbors ` cockroaches . ' In Cambodia , the Khmer Rouge said their victims were "  worms . " To the Nazis , Jews were "  vermin . " Dehumanization is the most powerful psychological tool used in all mass murder and genocides , Zimbardo said . "  Dehumanization blurs your vision . You look at these people and you do not see them as human . " Instead , the enemy is treated as a germ -- as something to eradicate , or else face the threat of infection . "  Purification is at the heart of genocide , " said Harvard 's Lifton . "  In that purification ... -LSB- the killers -RSB- are healing . " Recently discovered photos show Nazi officers at a retreat near Auschwitz relaxing as though they are taking a break from a routine job , not an extermination factory . "  In order to carry out the function of killing , one must instill in that environment a sense of ordinariness , " said Lifton . Watch images of Nazis relaxing " In the end , the masterminds of genocide see their visions play out : Foot soldiers carry out the mission and entire populations are displaced or killed . Perpetrators and victims do n't realize what they 're involved in until it 's too late , said Ben Kiernan , director of the Genocide Studies Program at Yale University . "  It 's a conspiracy , a silent secret plan to set up a situation whereby the victims , who are unsuspecting , are brought into a conflict with a large number of people , many of whom are also unsuspecting , " Kiernan said . Looking back at their crimes , some perpetrators are now sorry for their actions , including Bizimana . "  What we did to them in the past was very bad , " he said . "  Deep in my heart , I regret it . " Bizimana has since reconciled with his surviving Tutsi neighbors , and is trying to build unity in his country . "  What happened , " he vows , "  will never happen again . "	Genocide 's foot soldiers were neighbors of those they tortured and killed Many ordinary people are manipulated into participating , researchers say Architects of genocide use group identity , mob mentality to execute their plan Other tools include propaganda and dehumanization
CNN  -- World champion Sebastian Vettel has taken an early stranglehold on this year 's championship after his second straight win in the Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang . Vettel won the season-opener in Austrlia and has now claimed fourth successive victories after two at the end of the 2010 season to clinch the title . Red Bull 's Vettel led from start to finish to come home ahead of McLaren 's Jenson Button with Nick Heidfeld giving Lotus Renault their second podium of the season . Formula One teams , drivers and circuits The German has 50 points , 24 ahead of Button , with Lewis Hamilton and Mark Webber , who was fourth in Malaysia , four further points adrift . Hamilton , who had a difficult afternoon , crossed the line in seventh , but was relegated to eighth after being penalized for a coming together with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso . It lifted Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi into seventh , scoring points again for the second straight race . Force India 's Paul di Resta secured his second straight 10th place finish on his F1 debut . Red Bull continue to lead the constructors ' championship as they bid to repeat their success of last year . Drivers ' standings after second F1 race of season in Malaysia : 1 . Sebastian Vettel Ger - Red Bull 50 points 2 . Jenson Button GB - McLaren 26 3 = Lewis Hamilton GB - McLaren 22 3 = Mark Webber Aus - Red Bull 22 5 . Fernando Alonso Sp - Ferrari 20 6 . Felipe Massa It - Ferrari 16 7 = Nick Heidfeld Ger - Renault 15 7 = Vitaly Petrov Rus - Renault 15 9 . Kamui Kobayashi Jpn - Sauber 6 10 . Sebastien Buemi - Sui STR Ferr 4 Constructors ' standings after round two : 1 . Red Bull 72 points 2 . McLaren 48 3 . Ferrari 36 4 . Renault 30 5 . Sauber 6 6 = STR Ferrari 4 6 = . Force India 4	Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel wins second successive race The victory gives the Red Bull driver the maximum 50 points after two rounds Jenson Button lies second in the standings after finishing second in Malaysia Red Bull lead the constructors ' standings from McLaren
CNN  -- FC Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the transfer ban imposed by FIFA is "  unjust " and the club will appeal . Speaking at a press conference on Thursday , Bartomeu stood firmly behind the Catalan club 's coaching system which has nurtured some of the club 's biggest stars including Lionel Messi , Andreas Iniesta and Xavi Hernandez . "  The La Masia system is something not to be touched . It wo n't be changed and we will fight this unjust attack on a model which has been a huge success over the last three decades , " Bartomeu said . Football 's world governing body announced Wednesday that they were sanctioning Barcelona for infringing transfer rules relating to players under the age of 18 . Under FIFA laws , clubs are not allowed to sign international players under the age of 18 unless the player is moving within the European Union , is aged between 16 and 18 and moving with their parents or the club and the player both live within 50 kilometers of a shared national border . Following an investigation , FIFA 's Disciplinary Committee concluded that Barcelona had broken these rules in the case of 10 young players . As a result , the club has been issued with a transfer ban at both national and international level for two complete and consecutive transfer periods and handed a fine of CHF 450,000  $ 508,000  . "  FIFA is punishing a method that it tried , tested and proven over the last 35 years , " he added . "  FIFA know that we do things correctly -- we had Lionel Messi , Andres Iniesta and Xavi as first , second and third in the Ballon d'Or . We want all of our fans and members to show their indignation at this sanction . " Barcelona had supplied FIFA with information on approximately 50 players under the age of 18 who had registered and played for the club between 2009 and 2013 , Bartomeu said . Bartomeu also revealed that he has "  some evidence " that may point to a conspiracy -- FIFA 's investigation was prompted by an "  anonymous complaint " about an "  unnamed player , " he said . "  For a while now someone wants to damage Barcelona , " Bartomeu said . "  We are investigating where the anonymous complaint came from . BarÃ § a have done nothing wrong , we just looked for talent . I can not say the suspicions point to one club or another . " Bartomeu has not discussed the punishment with FIFA boss Sepp Blatter but Secretary General Jerome Valcke "  considers the measure excessive , " he said . "  BarÃ § a did not break the rules . When they told  us  the kids could not play , they stopped playing , " he added . "  We ask FIFA to look from case to case , the circumstances of each kid , so that there can be exceptions to the rules . As a club , we accept FIFA regulations because we are a FIFA member . " The club has 10 days in which to lodge their appeal . Read more : Barcelona hit with transfer ban by FIFA	Catalan club president hits back at FIFA ban saying punishment is "  unjust " Barcelona banned from participating in next two transfer windows by FIFA FIFA ruled that Catalan club broke rules on signing of international players under 18 President Bartomeu says FIFA investigation prompted by an "  anonymous complaint "
CNN  -- The mother of a missing Iowa girl thinks there is a chance she and her cousin were abducted and are not at the bottom of a lake where dogs have led searchers . "  Because we have n't found them anywhere in the surrounding area , I feel like maybe they were taken , " Misty Cook-Morrissey , mother of 10-year-old Lyric Cook , told CNN on Wednesday . Lyric and 8-year-old Elizabeth Collins were last seen by their grandmother on Friday when they left on a bike ride . Missing girl 's grandma : ` We will fight ' The girls ' bicycles and a purse were found near Meyers Lake hours after they were reported missing . Scent dogs following the girls ' trail led searchers around the lake and stopped at the water 's edge , Cook-Morrissey said . Authorities are draining the lake , but the operation is taking longer than originally expected . Officials expect the lake to be drained by Friday , said Chief Deputy Rick Abben of the Black Hawk County Sheriff 's Office . Mom : Dogs searching for Iowa girls stopped at edge of lake But Cook-Morrissey said the girls do n't go to the lake . "  They do n't swim there . My daughter is familiar with swimming in lakes , so I do n't think she would be scared of this lake , but they do n't come here and swim here , " she said . Cook-Morrissey said she 'd be "  more comfortable " with the theory that the girls might have been abducted "  once they drain the lake and we find nothing there . " "  If you 've taken our kids , " she said on national TV , "  bring them back . " The FBI brought two dogs to the area to search Monday night , spokeswoman Sandy Breault said . Authorities did all they could with the dogs , and the animals wo n't be used again unless there is a new development , she said . Authorities said Tuesday that they did n't know whether the girls had been at the lake . "  We have their bicycles , and we have the purse , and that does n't tell me that they 've been there , just that those items are there , " Abben said . The family has been questioned and polygraphed and had information taken from their cell phones , a process Cook-Morrissey said is hard but necessary . "  We know that it 's a necessary measure they have to take to get as much information as they can and of course rule us out , so we did what we have to do , " she said . Questioning has taken Cook-Morrissey and other family members away from the lake , which is hard , she said . "  Not that being out here might make a difference , but in your heart you want to be close to where they were last seen , " she said . When Deutsch heard that two little girls were missing in his town , he said , the first thing he did was to make sure every city asset that was needed was made available to the county sheriff . Family ` bracing for the worst but hoping for the best ' The next thing he did was take to the air , taking off in his twin-engine plane and flew over his town , looking for any sign of Lyric and Elizabeth . "  It just makes you sick , " said Deutsch , who knows both families . In this town , neighbors know exactly how many people live there -- 4,751 -- and the small community has never suffered through anything like the worrying going on now , the mayor said . The search remains a missing persons case , authorities said . No evidence has been found to suggest this is a crime , Deutsch said , but it is a mystery that has the whole community looking for two of their own . "  We just want our girls home , " Tammy Brousseau , an aunt to both girls , told CNN 's "  AC360Ëš . " "  We 're bracing for the worst but hoping for the best . " Calls are coming in to a tip line , Abben said , and each bit of information is being checked out . Police ask that anyone who may have seen the girls on Friday contact authorities . Lyric 's grandmother Wylma Cook said she does n't believe that the girls intended to go swimming . "  I do n't think they would have even known the way to Meyers Lake , " she told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Tuesday . Heather Collins , Elizabeth 's mother , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that if the girls were abducted , she would not pass judgment . "  We just want our children brought back , " she said .	NEW : Officials expect the lake to be drained by Friday Mother says the family has been polygraphed , which is hard but necessary Mother says the girls do n't go to or swim in Meyers Lake Scent dogs ran around the lake and stopped at the water 's edge
CNN  -- Lionel Messi continued his incredible year by moving ever closer to Gerd Muller 's record goal total by firing Barcelona into the next round of the Champions League . The Argentina star scored twice to take his 2012 tally to 80 as Barca recorded a 3-0 win at Spartak Moscow . Muller scored 85 goals in 60 matches for Bayern Munich and Germany back in 1972 but his record is under increasing threat . Barca has six matches left before the turn of the year with Messi requiring six goals to surpass Muller and break yet another record . "  My aim was just to get the ball , create chances and that we win the game , that is what is important , " Messi told reporters . "  We knew we could n't afford to make mistakes after what happened against Celtic and that we had to go out strongly even though it is difficult to play away in this competition . " Messi passes Pele 's goal milestone Tito Vilanova 's men face Levante on Sunday before further games against Athletic Bilbao , Benfica , Real Betis , Atletico Madrid and Real Valladolid . After eclipsing the achievement of Brazil legend Pele , who scored 75 goals from 53 matches in 1958 , Messi moved up a gear in the Russian capital . With Barcelona already leading through Dani Alves ' 16th minute effort , the diminutive striker fired home following a mix-up in the Sparktak defense . On the synthetic playing surface , Barcelona 's tiki-taka football proved too much for the home side to cope with . And with just six minutes of the first period remaining , Messi grabbed his second of the evening with a neat finish after eluding the Spartak defense . "  Everyone talks about Leo , the goals and the records but it is more his awareness and tactics , " Vilanova told reporters . "  The way he defends and attacks and helps the team in all areas . "  The team showed how great they are as this was a difficult game in the cold on an artificial pitch although some of them have played on it before , and they played an excellent match . "  It was important for us not to have to qualify in the final game which will not be easy against Benfica . " Messi leads Ballon d'Or nominations Led by Xavi , who made his 125th Champions League appearance , the Catalan giant could have had several more goals had it not been for wastefulness in front of goal . Pedro Rodriguez and Cesc Fabregas both had chances to extend Barca 's lead as Spartak fell away . Meanwhile , Benfica kept alive its hopes of qualifying for the next stage with a 2-1 win over Celtic in Group G 's other game . The Portuguese side took an early lead through Ola John only for Georgios Samaras to pull Celtic level . But Ezequiel Garay 's fiercely struck volley secured victory for Benfica , who face a trip to the Camp Nou to play Barcelona in its final group game . Should Benfica suffer defeat , Celtic can secure a place in the last 16 with victory over Spartak Moscow . Barca 's unbeaten run ended by Celtic Chelsea could become the first defending champion to be knocked out in the Group Stage after it lost 3-0 to Juventus in Turin . The defeat is Chelsea 's heaviest in the competition since they were beaten 5-1 by Barcelona 12 years ago . The Blues will go into the final round of Group E matches in third place after goals from Fabio Quagliarella , Arturo Vidal and Sebastian Giovinco sealed the win for Juventus . "  We showed much better spirit than the last games , " Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech told ITV . "  The first half it was very difficult , we did well and created chances , but if you create a chance you need to take it . "  That was the difference . They went ahead with a lucky deflection , the second goal was another deflection but they did very well and deserved to win . We did n't cope very well . "  We said before the game that we have our destiny in our hands , not any more . Now we need to do our bit , we need to win our last game and hope our fate is kind . "  Being realistic , Juventus played very well and they need a point and Shakhtar are already through . It is a very sad moment . " Chelsea must hope that the Italians slip up and it records victory over Nordsjaelland to sneak through . Shakhtar Donetsk 's 4-2 triumph over Danish side Nordsjaelland means the Ukrainian champion is guaranteed a place in the last-16 of the competition . Controversy A Luiz Adriano hat-trick and a Willian double gave Shakhtar all three points and means it tops the group from Juventus . But it was n't all plain sailing for Shakhtar after it scored a hugely controversial goal to go to 1-1 . With a drop ball signaled by the referee , Shakhtar kicked the ball back to the Nordsjaelland goalkeeper , only for Adriano to intercept and score . With the Danes fuming , the visitors were ready to allow a Nordsjaelland player to walk the ball into the net in a gesture of sportsmanship . But one defender took exception and put in a tackle much to the fury of the home side . And while Nordsjaelland did grab another goal eventually , it never really recovered as Shakhtar eased home . In Group F , Thomas Muller secured Bayern Munich 's place in the next round following a 1-1 draw with ten-man Valencia . The Spaniards , who had Antonio Barragan sent off , had looked set to snatch victory when Sofiane Feghouli scored with 17 minutes remaining . But Muller hit back just five minutes later to claim a point and send both teams through to the next stage following BATE Borisov 's defeat by Lille . The French side claimed a 2-0 win in Belarus courtesy of goals from Dijbril Sidibe and Gianni Bruno . Pilkington punishes Manchester United Galatasaray kept its hopes of making it out of Group H alive following a 1-0 win over Manchester United . Buruk Yilmaz , the only Galatasaray player to score in the competition so far , took his tally to five to move level with Cristiano Ronaldo at the top of the scoring charts . The Turkish side sits second in the group with United having already qualified after winning its first four games . "  It was difficult conditions and the pitch was n't great , " Manchester United midfielder Darren Fletcher told Sky Sports . "  It was an intimidating atmosphere . "  It was difficult to hear but you have to deal with that . The big problem was the pitch . "  I thought first half especially we did enough . I thought the young players did fantastic and they 'll only get better playing in an atmosphere like that . "  As soon as they got the goal they slowed the game down . They started to foul and make tactical fouls . " But Romanian side Cluj , which faces United at Old Trafford in its final game , still has a chance of making it through to the knockout phase . It won 3-1 against Braga with Portuguese striker Rui Pedro scoring a hat-trick to leave it within touching distance of the next round .	Leo Messi moves to 80 goals for 2012 after Barca 's 3-0 win at Spartak Moscow Messi needs just six more goals to surpass Gerd Muller 's record of 85 set back in 1972 Chelsea face early exit from Champions League after Juventus defeat Bayern Munich and Valencia both through to knockout phase after 1-1 draw
CNN  -- A California man accused of running a "  revenge porn " website told CNN affiliate KFMB that he has n't done anything criminal , but that he understands why people are upset and is done with the business . "  I just do n't want to be involved in that kind of website anymore , " Kevin Bollaert told KFMB . "  I want to do good things with my life . " Bollaert , 27 , of San Diego , is accused of creating one website that allowed people to post explicit images of people without their permission , and creating another one soliciting payments to get the photographs taken down . Authorities on Tuesday charged Bollaert with 31 felony counts of conspiracy , identity theft and extortion , the state attorney general 's office said . Court documents allege that in December 2012 , Bollaert created the website ugotposted.com , which allowed for the posting of sexually explicit photographs of people without their permission . "  This website published intimate photos of unsuspecting victims and turned their public humiliation and betrayal into a commodity with the potential to devastate lives , " Attorney General Kamala D. Harris said . The sexually explicit material , primarily of women , was routinely posted by angry former boyfriends and ex-husbands , authorities said . It contained their real names and links to their Facebook profiles . Prosecutors allege Bollaert also created a second website , changemyreputation.com , that charged up to $ 350 to remove the content , the documents said . Bollaert made tens of thousands of dollars through the website , prosecutors allege . Neither website was operational Wednesday morning . A 20-year-old Reno , Nevada , woman whose nude pictures appeared on the site told KFMB that she did n't know how the photos got there , but that it was devastating . "  You should have seen me . I was a wreck . I was bawling my eyes out , " the woman said . "  That 's me , that 's my personal nakedness , and everyone can see it now . " Bollaert denied doing anything illegal . "  I do n't feel like I 've committed any crime , " he said , adding that he knows why there 's an uproar . "  I understand that a lot of people would be upset by what would happen and be hurt , " Bollaert said . KFMB reported that court documents contained pleas to the website from women who said the postings resulted in nearly around-the-clock harassment from creepy men . "  I have gone to the police , I 've had a restraining order put in place because of this site ,  and  my phone has been going off EVERY 2 MINUTES with strange men sending inappropriate things to me , " one woman , who said she was a minor when the photographs were posted , wrote to the website , according to the court documents cited by KFMB . "  It 's disgusting . Also , I 've had to ... have a sexual harassment charge put in place in court because of this . I do n't know what gets you off about ruining people 's lives , but I was underage in the photos posted of me so , yes , you are showing child pornography , " she wrote . Sonya Hamasak contributed to this report .	Man accused of running "  revenge porn " site tells KFMB he 's done with the business But Kevin Bollaert , 27 , says he has n't done anything illegal Authorities say Bollaert created a site for people to post sexually explicit photos of others They allege he then used another site to solicit payments to get the materials removed
CNN  -- Roberto Castro enjoyed an impressive debut at the Players Championship , carding a nine-under-par round of 63 to tie the course record at TPC Sawgrass and top the leaderboard after day one of the $ 9.5 million tournament . Yet to record a PGA Tour win in his six-year career , the American equaled the record set by golf icons Fred Couples and Greg Norman to lead two-time major winner Rory McIlroy and 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson by three shots . "  Tiger Woods  did n't  play till this afternoon , " Castro told the Tour 's official website after a round which included seven birdies and an eagle at the second hole . "  So I 'm sure some people were looking for something interesting to watch . "  The last two weeks I 've hit the ball nicely , the scores just have n't shown it . A couple of rounds , especially in the last two weeks , could have been low . They were n't even remotely low on the scorecard , but had a couple of quality shots . " Playing alongside Castro was compatriot Jason Bohn , who suggested the 27-year-old 's round could have been even better . "  It was a clinic , " said Bohn , who was four under at the end of Thursday 's play . "  It was beautiful . I 've never seen a 63 shot like that . "  You see guys chip in or hole a bunker shot ; but he shot 63 and it could 've been two or three shots lower . " McIlroy enjoyed his best ever day at the event , having missed the cut and failed to break par on his three previous trips to Ponte Vedra Beach . The world No. 2 was part of a stellar threesome which also included recently crowned Masters champion Adam Scott -- playing for the first time since his Augusta triumph -- and 12-time PGA winner Steve Stricker . "  I think when you get all three guys playing well in a group , you sort of feed off one another , " said McIlroy . "  It was a good group to be a part of . " Scott , who won the Players in 2004 , was satisfied with his opening round of 69 . "  I was a little surprised when I teed off that someone was five under already , " explained the Australian . "  I thought it might play a little tougher than that . But it was ideal . "  There was n't even a breath of wind hardly on the front nine . The greens seemed pretty receptive , too , so if you were in the fairway you could attack . " A slip up at the 18th dashed world No. 1 Tiger Woods ' hopes of carding a first bogey-free round at the Players . The 14-time major winner carded six birdies during his round of 67 , one stroke off his career best score at the event . "  I felt like I hit the ball good enough , but more importantly , I missed the ball in all the correct spots , " said Woods , who is looking to win the tournament for the second time . "  I left myself some easy up and downs , and I was able to convert those up and downs . "	Roberto Castro leads Players Championship after record-equaling opening round The American shot a nine-under-par 63 to lead the field by three shots Rory McIlroy and Zach Johnson tied for second place on six under Tiger Woods bogeys the 18th to sit tied for fourth on five under
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French Culture Minister Frederic Mitterrand said Thursday he will not resign over accounts in a book he wrote in 2005 about paying to have sex with "  boys " in Thailand . Frederic Mitterrand admitted to paying for sex with "  boys " in his 2005 autobiography , "  The Bad Life . " In an interview with French television network TF1 , Mitterrand said he "  absolutely condemn -LSB- s -RSB- sexual tourism , which is a disgrace , and ... pedophilia , " in which he insisted he has never participated . Despite the use of the French word "  garcon " in his 2005 book "  The Bad Life , " Mitterrand , 62 , has previously said the term did not mean "  little boys . " He said the males he paid for sex were his age , or maybe five years younger , but not underage -- and the relations were consensual . "  Anyway , you can recognize someone who 's 40 years old ... " he told TF1 . A 40-year-old man "  does n't look like a minor , " he added , suggesting that his partners were middle-aged men . His actions , Mitterrand said , were "  without a doubt , an error , " but "  a crime , no , " he said in the interview . Despite recent calls to resign from the far-right National Front and the left-leaning Socialist Party , Mitterrand , who is openly gay , vowed to stay in his job . He said he met Thursday morning with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and that the president supports him . In a July interview with the weekly French news magazine Le Nouvel Observateur , Sarkozy said he had read Mitterrand 's book , and found it "  courageous and talented . " The controversy over the revelations in his book -- which he called neither autobiography nor memoir -- erupted anew after Mitterrand deplored the arrest last week of filmmaker Roman Polanski , who fled the United States in 1977 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl . The culture minister told TF1 that he was "  too emotional " when he denounced the filmmaker 's arrest in Switzerland as "  horrifying . " "  To see him thrown to the lions for an old story that really has no meaning , and to see him alone , imprisoned , when he was going to attend a ceremony where he was to be honored , that is to say , he was trapped , it 's absolutely horrifying , " he said October 4 , according to Agence France Presse . The far-right National Front organized an anti-Mitterrand demonstration in Paris on Thursday evening . "  Send this message on to everyone who will not put up with this indecency ! " the party 's Web site said . The party 's vice president , Marine Le Pen , has demanded Mitterrand 's resignation for what she termed his sexually deviant acts . Mitterrand responded , saying , "  It 's an honor to be dragged through the mud by the National Front . " Mitterrand 's acts of "  sexual tourism " have left "  a dark smudge " on the government , Le Pen said . The group is also gathering signatures on a petition , online and on paper , from those who want Mitterrand to step down . "  We really hope he will resign , " National Front communications director Julien Sanchez told CNN . "  It 's an embarrassment for our country , that our culture minister has done this . It affects our international image . It 's not right , " he added . Watch report on the controversy surrounding French Culture Minister Frederic Mitterand " On the other side of the political spectrum , the left-leaning Socialist Party suggested Sarkozy should consider Mitterrand 's position . "  It 's up to President Sarkozy to decide whether or not we can be involved in the fight against child prostitution and sexual tourism , and whether or not the acts written in an autobiography -- written by a minister -- are acts of sexual commerce , " said party spokesman Benoit Hamon . "  If everything is relative and Mr. Mitterrand can be excused because he 's famous , well , I do n't excuse his behavior , " Hamon said . Martine Aubry , the leader of the Socialist Party , said she would wait until she had read the book before making any judgment . Mitterrand said on TF1 that he had had sexual relations with boys -- using the French word "  garcons " -- but added , "  you must not confuse pedophilia with homosexuality . " He also described his book as a mixture of his life and the life of others , and denied accusations that it was a glorification of sexual tourism . The minister said he never had sex with "  young boys " and denounced those who accused him of such acts , saying that maybe they were confusing their own fantasies with what the book was really about . Mitterrand told an interviewer in 2005 that assertions that he liked "  little boys " were untrue . "  It 's because when people say ` boys ' we imagine ` little boys , ' " he said then . "  How to explain that ? It belongs to this general puritanism which surrounds us , which always makes us paint a black picture of the situation . It has nothing to do with that . " Mitterrand was a television personality , not a government minister , when the book was published . It caused a stir upon its publication , as well , and has been the subject of heated debate several times since then . In one passage , published by the French newspaper Le Monde on Thursday , Mitterrand describes in detail a sexual encounter with a "  boy " he said was called Bird . "  My boy did n't say a word , he stood before me , immobile , his eyes still straight ahead and a half-smile on his lips . I wanted him so badly I was trembling , " he wrote . Mitterrand also wrote about visiting clubs to choose young male prostitutes in Thailand -- where prostitution is illegal and sexual intercourse with a minor is statutory rape and is punishable by imprisonment . "  Most of them are young , handsome and apparently unaware of the devastation that their activities could bring them . I would learn later that they did n't come every night , that they were often students , had a girlfriend and sometimes even lived with their families , who pretended not to know the source of their breadwinner 's earnings , " the book said . "  Some of them were older and there was also a small contingent of heavier bruisers , who also had their fans . It was the artistic side of the exposition : Their presence made the youthful charm of the others stand out . " He also wrote that while he had read reports and seen documentaries on the evils of "  le commerce des garcons "  the boy trade  -- the misery , the piles of money from which "  les gosses "  the kids  got only a few crumbs , the ravages of drugs -- "  all of these rituals of the fair of the youths , the slave market , excited me enormously . " "  The profusion of very attractive boys , immediately available , put me in a state of desire that I no longer had to restrain or conceal . " Mitterrand -- the nephew of the Socialist former president Francois Mitterrand -- joined Sarkozy 's center-right government this summer . Wikipedia , the user-edited online reference Web site , has locked down Mitterrand 's entry , preventing changes to it , in a possible sign of the intensity of the debate surrounding him . CNN 's Jen Carswell in Paris , France and Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Culture minister condemns sexual tourism , denies he is a pedophile Frederic Mitterrand , in 2005 book , wrote of paying for sex with "  boys " in Thailand Le Monde on Thursday published steamy excerpts from "  The Bad Life " Mitterand came to the defense of Roman Polanski after the filmmaker 's arrest
CNN  -- A zip gun was found at a Houston-area high school Monday after the building was evacuated over fears of an unspecified , perceived threat , the Katy Independent School District said . The device was secured and the building was cleared . A student was taken into custody and charges are pending , the school district said in a statement on its website . It described a zip gun as any device altered to propel an object designed to cause harm . Seven Lakes High School in Katy was evacuated Monday after police "  learned of a perceived threat on campus " about 10 a.m. CT , and students initially were sent to an enclosed area on the school 's athletic fields , the district said . About an hour later , authorities told district officials that a possible bomb was found in the building . The FBI sent bomb technicians to help the county bomb squad in the case , said Agent Shauna Dunlap , a spokeswoman for the FBI in Houston . Video from CNN affiliate KTRK showed a number of emergency vehicles parked outside the school early Monday afternoon . Katy is about 25 miles west of Houston . Seven Lakes High has more than 3,800 students , according to its website .	NEW : Seven Lakes High School in Katy is safe for students to return NEW : A student was taken into custody and charges are reportedly pending NEW : A zip gun is a device altered to propel an object to cause harm
CNN  -- Two Iranian warships sailed through Egypt 's Suez Canal into the Mediterranean Sea , Iran 's semi-official Mehr news agency reported Saturday , amid heightened tensions in the region . The move represents only the second time such ships have crossed the Suez Canal since the Islamic republic 's 1979 revolution . The first time took place in February 2011 , just days after Egypt 's post-Hosni Mubarak government gave the green light to the passage -- putting Egypt 's new military leaders in a prickly position with its Israeli neighbor . "  As the Navy affected the region with its presence in the Mediterranean Sea last year , the Navy 's 18th fleet will in the best way carry the message of peace and friendship to regional countries , and display the might of the country and the sacred system of the Islamic Republic of Iran , " said Rear Adm. Habibollah Sayyari , according to Mehr . It was not clear from the report where the two vessels , a destroyer and a supply ship , were headed . However , another semi-official Iranian news agency , ISNA , said the ships were on their way to Syria . The canal is an internal body of water , and as such , Egypt has sovereignty over it . But Egypt also is bound by the 1978 Camp David Accords , which guarantee the right of free passage by ships belonging to Israel and all other nations on the basis of the Constantinople Convention of 1888 . The warships ' reported movement comes as tensions between Iran and Israel are high , with speculation of a pre-emptive Israeli strike on Iran to stop its suspected nuclear weapons program . Israel has also blamed Tehran for attacks on Israeli targets in India , Georgia and Thailand . The United States and the European Union bolstered sanctions against Iran after a November report by the International Atomic Energy Agency that said Iran could be developing nuclear weapons . Iran insists its program is strictly for civilian energy purposes . On Friday , Western nations welcomed a letter from Iran offering a resumption of stalled nuclear talks , though they were still determining the Islamic republic 's sincerity . The Suez Canal is a key waterway for international trade . It connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea , allowing ships to navigate between Europe and Asia without having to go around Africa . Millions of barrels of oil move through the Suez every day en route to Europe and North America . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : The ships are reportedly heading to Syria It 's only the second time such ships have crossed the Suez Canal since 1979 The move comes amid heightened regional tensions Report : The mission carries a "  message of peace and friendship , " a rear admiral says
CNN  -- Thousands of clicks per minute . More than 23,000 reader comments , with the counter spinning like an odometer in a "  Fast and Furious " movie . With 45 murders a day in the United States and about one a minute worldwide , why have so many of us fastened on this one ? Why do we care so much about the shooting death of someone for texting during a movie ? It 's clear from the headlines why the media are featuring the story : It 's not just a fatal shooting . It 's a fatal shooting over texting . As a crime story , it would be confined to the local Tampa paper . As an Internet story , readers ca n't look away . We 're reading it because we think it tells us something about an issue we already care about . You can see this in the comments of people reading online articles about it . For some people , it 's proof that the texting has gone too far . For others it 's a lesson about gun control . Others use it to decry the loss of civility . That 's how we take the story . But what does it actually tell us ? That some people habitually text too much ? We already knew that , but it 's not clear at all that the victim , Chad Oulson , was one of those people . Maybe his 3-year-old had a question or just needed to hear from her dad . That some people are thoughtless about how what they 're doing affects the people around them ? We already knew that , although it could be that Oulson thought his texting was unobtrusive or was urgent enough to override the concerns of those he was disturbing . That the norms for Internet use are not yet fully agreed upon by everyone ? We already knew that , although maybe the gunman was provoked not by the rudeness of Internet users but by what he perceived as the general rudeness of those who unwrap crinkly candies , talk back to the screen and whisper about what 's about to happen . The truth is , I fear , that although we receive news of this horrible incident as evidence of something , there 's really nothing to learn from it -- or from other individual events that are supposed to prove a point -- for two reasons . First , lots of people are rude in theaters without getting shot . So , we 'd need to know what made this case different . Was the texter unusually persistent or obnoxious ? Was he in a bad mood because his 3-year-old needed something from him , because he thought previews count as advertisements and thus can be disrupted ? And why would this provoke someone to shoot him ? Was the shooter mentally unstable ? On bad meds ? Convinced that this would send a message to texters everywhere ? To understand this story , we would need to know the specifics -- why this texter got shot this time -- because humans do n't act for general reasons . But , as we understand the specifics , the scope of what we learn decreases . This becomes less an example of , say , the push-back against the Internet than a story about particular people in a particular circumstance . The more specific the details , the less you can generalize from it . That holds not just for this story but for every time the media present a dramatic event in the life of individuals . Choosing to take something as evidence of what we already believe is the opposite of evidence . "  Man shoots texter " is not evidence of a larger societal trend unless it is well-researched and part of a much larger , systematically gathered set of data . There would be no harm done , except stories like this actually get in the way of our learning something new . They encourage us to go "  Tsk , " and sadly shake our heads as if one of our beliefs has yet again been shown to be right , because that 's how we 've chosen to construe it . In short , we learn nothing from stories like these except which narratives the media think will get us to pay attention , and which narratives actually do . But this killing is not a lesson . It is just a tragedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Weinberger .	David Weinberger : Media , readers riveted by story of shooting of texter in theater He says we look only because it raises issues people care about : guns , civility , texting As we learn particulars , story sheds ever less light on those broader issues , he says Writer : These stories feed our existing notions , there are no lessons . It is only tragic
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Karma caught up with former Culture Club singer Boy George on Friday when a court sentenced the star to 15 months for falsely imprisoning a male escort , a court spokeswoman said . George O'Dowd , also known as Boy George , arrives at Snaresbrook Crown Court , in east London . Full details of the sentence were n't immediately clear . A jury unanimously found the pop star and DJ , whose real name is George O'Dowd , guilty of the charge last month after a seven-day trial at Snaresbrook Crown Court in northeast London . The jury determined O'Dowd , 47 , had chained male escort Audun Carlsen to a wall at his apartment in London 's hip Shoreditch neighborhood . Carlsen had also said the singer beat him with a metal chain . Watch as Boy George arrives at court " O'Dowd , who maintained his innocence , came to court Friday sporting a multicolored tattoo on his bald head , none of his trademark makeup , and a black winter coat . The star quit Culture Club in 1987 after a string of hits with the group , including "  Karma Chameleon , " "  Do you really want to hurt me ? " and "  Church of the Poison Mind . " He has since become a DJ and revived his singing career , releasing a single last year called "  Yes we can , " inspired by Barack Obama and featuring clips of the U.S. president-elect . O'Dowd is no stranger to the law . In August 2006 , he spent five days cleaning the streets of Manhattan as part of a community service sentence for falsely reporting a break-in at his New York City home . He has also publicly battled drug addiction .	Former Culture Club singer jailed for falsely imprisoning a male escort The victim , Audun Carlsen , claimed he was also beaten with a chain Boy George , whose real name is George O'Dowd , has battled drug addiction He spent 5 days cleaning the streets of Manhattan in 2006 on community order
CNN  -- Five Royal Marines have been charged with murder for the death of a man in Afghanistan 's Helmand province last year , authorities said Sunday . In all , authorities arrested nine Marines in connection with the death , but four were later released without charge , the British defense ministry said . The men were part of Operation Herrick 14 , as Britain 's efforts in Afghanistan are known . Their case will now proceed through a military court system that mirrors the civilian legal system . In its announcements of the arrests , and later the charges , the ministry offered little detail about the incident except to say it took place last year and described the dead man as "  an insurgent . " However , the British newspaper The Independent said Saturday the Marines were arrested after police found footage on a laptop during a separate investigation into pornographic material . The newspaper said the footage showed the Marines discussing whether they should offer medical aid to an injured man . The man was wounded while trying to ambush a patrol . He later died -- although the death was not captured on the footage , the paper said . Read more : Q&A : International troops in Afghanistan By Sunday , a Facebook page supporting the men had gathered more than 36,000 followers . "  This page is set up to show support for the seven Royal Marine Commandos arrested for murder for an event which happened in Afghanistan 2011 where no civilians were injured and one gunman was killed who shot at them FIRST , " the page said . Read more : Afghan war is not over yet	In all , nine Marines were arrested ; four have been released The ministry offers little detail about the case The Independent says the Marines discussed whether to help a wounded Afghan The Afghan had attacked their patrol , the paper says
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon has "  put a proposal on the table " for U.S. military forces to train and equip moderate Syrian opposition forces for the first time , two Obama administration officials told CNN . If approved , it would dramatically increase the role of the U.S. military in Syria 's civil war and would for the first time put American troops in direct contact with opposition forces . The idea has been under consideration since the August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus , which the United States says was carried out by the regime of Bashar al-Assad . There are few specifics on troops or other aspects of the military proposal , but both officials said the effort envisions training taking place in a country near Syria . "  We have any number of options under development that could expand our support to the moderate opposition , but no decision has been taken at this point , " Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey said when asked by reporters on Wednesday about the proposal . U.N. chemical weapons inspectors to return to Syria Until now , any training and equipping of Syrian opposition forces has fallen under the purview of the CIA and has not directly been acknowledged by the United States government . The Obama administration has acknowledged providing logistical , humanitarian and some military assistance to rebels fighting al-Assad 's forces in a civil war now in its third year . The training proposal was first floated in the days after the August attack as a means to step up U.S. support for the opposition . The proposal envisions U.S. troops training certain rebels on small arms , command and control and military tactics , according to one of the officials . Weapons however would not be directly supplied by the United States because legal authority does not exist for the Pentagon to arm the rebels . Is the U.S. back to square one on Syria ? President Barack Obama , who blames al-Assad 's regime for the attack and threatened a limited military strike as punishment , has vowed not to put "  boots on the ground " inside Syria . The training idea , however , has run into trouble in recent days as the United States has focused on diplomatic efforts to turn Syria 's chemical weapons over to international control , sidelining at least for now Obama 's push for congressional support to take military action . Both administration officials said the timing might be too sensitive now to engage in such an initiative . Dempsey initially hinted at the plan during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing earlier this month . "  The path to the resolution of the Syrian conflict is through a developed capable moderate opposition , and we know how to do that , " he said . Dempsey noted the focus on dealing with chemical weapons . "  I think that subsequent to that , we would probably return to have a discussion about what we might do with the moderate opposition in a more overt way , " he said . Both administration officials declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information .	Plan envisions U.S. forces training and equipping only certain members of the Syrian opposition The idea surfaced after August 21 chemical weapons attack in Syria the U.S. blames on regime No specifics on troops or other aspects , but officials envision any training taking place near Syria Though , plan has run into trouble as emphasis shifts from military response to diplomatic effort
Denver  CNN  -- Once relegated to sleazy red-light districts and the darker corners of the Internet , porn stars are now gaining followings in a surprising place : Twitter . They are using the social media site to engage directly with their fans and build their individual brands "  Twitter has opened up these porn stars fan bases like nothing the adult film industry has ever seen before , " said Dan Miller , managing editor of XBiz , an adult industry trade publication . "  Since most mainstream pop culture publications do n't cover the porn industry  and  porn movie reviews do n't generally appear alongside reviews of big Hollywood movies ... the adult industry has embraced Twitter as a way to reach out directly to fans beyond the typical porn consumer . " Miller estimates that 90 % of porn performers are on Twitter , and he believes it is essential for new performers to use social media effectively to promote themselves and build their "  brand . " Porn stars showcase all-American success ? "  If you 're not on Twitter , you are definitely at a disadvantage right out of the gate , " he said . Alexander Raymond Palumbo was one of the first executives in the adult entertainment business to embrace social media , first on Friendster , then Myspace and now on Twitter . "  Via our social media platforms like Twitter I 'm trying to establish brand loyalty , like people have for a company like Disney , " said Palumbo , a social media strategist at Digital Playground , an adult movie production company . Palumbo holds seminars for adult movie actors , helping them set up their accounts and guiding them on how to tweet in a way that will connect them to their audience by engaging directly with fans and showing some of their personal sides to their followers . "  I try to instill in performers that you should let people know who you are , invite them into your interaction , " he said . Palumbo begins his work day by logging onto Twitter to gauge reaction from the fans to his company 's movies and performers . If viewers of a new movie trailer tweet that there is too much emphasis on male characters , Palumbo will make a call to the edit department asking for changes . "  Twitter is like an instant focus group , " explained Palumbo . "  It 's not going to go away , it is the future . From our company 's point of view , it 's pure customer service . " Social media is profoundly changing the porn business , according to Chauntelle Tibbals , a visiting scholar at University of Southern California who studies the porn industry . "  Before it was about pure fantasy : you did n't have enough information to be real fans of performers , " she said . "  But now you can become a true fan of a porn star . " The performers who are successful on Twitter are the ones who open themselves up and share parts of their non-professional life with fans , allowing followers a window into their off-camera personalities . "  That kind of interaction is something you do n't see mainstream celebrities doing to the same degree , " according to Tibbals . "  You do n't see Angelina Jolie tweeting directly to people . " Many of the performers are surprisingly funny , smart and engaging on Twitter . While they all promote their movies , most focus more on their hobbies , current events and personal lives . "  You are seeing a different kind of relationship that a viewer has with a porn performer , " Tibbals said . "  One of the things that comes with social media is the deconstruction of stereotypes . " Social media has the power to change how the public views porn stars , according to Tibbals , and it may ultimately make porn more mainstream and socially acceptable . Here are several adult film stars who are using Twitter to attract a wider audience : Putting your ` erotic capital ' to work The Boy Next Door : @JamesDeen James Deen is arguably the hottest male performer in the porn industry . At 26 years old , he has already appeared in over 1,200 movies . He has made a name for himself by defying stereotypes about male porn stars : he comes off as a funny , slightly goofy boy-next-door . His non-threatening demeanor has made his films popular with younger woman and has led him to more mainstream opportunities . Deen is currently working on a Hollywood movie called "  The Canyons , " in which he is co-starring with Lindsay Lohan . The film is directed by Paul Shrader , who is known for writing "  Taxi Driver , " "  Raging Bull " and "  The Last Temptation of Christ . " The movie is slated to premier in 2013 . Deen credits Twitter with helping his transition to mainstream films . "  I think a lot of the mainstream thing has to do with Twitter , " he told CNN . "  People look at me and they say , ` He 's not a porn star , he 's just a nice guy . " His approach to Twitter is simple : be yourself . "  I like to keep my Twitter very personal and used as a random outlet for my feelings , " Deen said . "  I see no reason to be involved except to be myself . " Despite his non-commercial approach to Twitter , he said being an effective tweeter is an essential part of his business . "  The way the world is going , you have to be able to communicate with your market , know about your demographic , know what people are clicking on and then communicate back to them , " Deen said . The Internet 's Girlfriend : @danadearmond Dana DeArmond describes herself as a "  pornographer of the people " and is one of the most accessible adult performers on Twitter . She responds to most of her followers who post a comment or question , often with a smart-alecky remark . "  People like to laugh and they like to know that people who are sex workers can also be smart and funny , " said DeArmond , who occasionally performs stand-up comedy around Los Angeles . DeArmond , 33 , says the porn world is extremely competitive and she uses Twitter to differentiate herself from other performers by interacting directly with her fans . "  I 've developed the moniker ` the Internet 's girlfriend ' and tried to make a more personal connection with the people who found me and followed me , " she said . . "  It 's something I 've used in my branding . It 's like ` OK , if you do n't have a real girlfriend you can pretend I 'm your girlfriend on the Internet and I wo n't treat you like a customer . ' That 's how I brand myself . " DeArmond describes the porn industry as an "  ever-changing animal " : viewers ' relationship with the product and their expectations of the performers are "  constantly evolving and now requires a much more personal approach by performers . " "  Porn is not a utilitarian thing ; if it were there would already have been enough porn made forever , " she said . "  People have a connection to it and Twitter helps me make that connection . " The Smartest Woman in Porn : @Kayden_Kross Perhaps the most surprising porn figure to emerge on Twitter is Kayden Kross . With her dyed blonde hair and pouty lips she certainly looks the part of an adult film star . When she 's not making porn movies , Kross tweets about her very non-pornographic passions : books and horses . "  People seem to be surprised with the things I 'm into , " she told CNN . She often tweets about her favorite authors , David Foster Wallace and Don DeLillo . Between shoots in the San Fernando Valley , she travels to New York where she is taking a series of writing classes with legendary editor Gordon Lish , noted for his work with authors Raymond Carver and Richard Ford . "  The porn people could care less who I 'm reading , " Kross said . "  I have a slim sliver of fans based on a common passion for books and the written word . Those are who I interact with . " She is working on a novel set in the world of porn and posts essays on her website and tweets them out to her followers . "  If you 're interacting with people , you 're putting part of your soul into it , " she said . "  The people that understand me the best are people into writing . " Back in Los Angeles , Kross enjoys spending time with her horses . In April , her mare Regina gave birth and Kross tweeted throughout the process , posting pictures and even asking her followers to help name the foal . Despite the situation having nothing to do with her porn life , her Twitter followers were with her all the way , tweeting congratulations and piping in with suggestions for names . She ultimately settled on the name Maya . Although many of her tweets are on her hobbies , Kross says that Twitter has been the key to her success in the porn world . "  I was largely unsuccessful up until Twitter came along because I 'm very shy ... and it came through in my movies , " she said . "  But with Twitter , people see a different side of me and they see it in my movies . " Twitter allows Kross to defy people 's preconceived notions of what porn stars are like and be more comfortable both on camera and off . "  Twitter has made me more confident as a person and a performer , " she said .	Twitter has become a way for adult film stars to define themselves Social media is helping the industry go mainstream , experts say Many porn stars post mundane or funny tweets about their everyday lives ` Twitter is like an instant focus group , ' says a social media strategist in the industry
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Eight years ago , Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna became global pin-ups for the resurgence in Mexican filmmaking after their memorable breakthrough in coming-of-age road movie "  Y tu Mama Tambien . " "  Rudo y Cursi " reunites Luna and Bernal , who became pin-ups for the resurgence in Mexican filmmaking with "  Y tu Mama Tambien " in 2001 . Today , Luna and Bernal 's on-screen chemistry has once again grabbed the public 's attention , this time in Mexico , where their latest film "  Rudo y Cursi " made box-office history . It became the fourth highest-grossing film in the country 's history when it was released at the end of 2008 . "  Rudo y Cursi , " approximately translated as Tough and Corny , tells the story of two rural banana farmers who , after being ` spotted ' by a crooked talent scout , gain instant celebrity in the Mexican soccer league playing for opposing teams . But , mesmerized by women and fast cars and unable to defy their demons , they look on powerless as the dream disintegrates in front of them almost as suddenly as it arrived . The movie touches on fame , poverty and corruption , but for its makers , it is ultimately a tale of brotherhood . It was written written and directed by Carlos Cuaron , and is the first release from groundbreaking new production venture Cha Cha Cha films . Cha Cha Cha was established by Mexico 's three leading directors who are also renowned internationally -- Carlos ' brother Alfonso Cuaron  "  Children of Men "  , Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu  "  Babel "  and Guillermo del Toro  "  Pan 's Labyrinth "  . All three serve as producers on the film . In pictures : Bernal and Garcia in "  Rudo y Cursi " " "  Originally I wanted to make a fake documentary about a footballer from a humble background who made it big and then disappeared mysteriously , " Carlos Cuaron told CNN . "  But I told this idea to Gael -LSB- Garcia Bernal -RSB- and Diego -LSB- Luna -RSB- , and they both said they wanted to play the part . I had one part and two actors . So I made up another brother and forgot about the fake documentary . " Cuaron also cast Bernal and Luna -- best friends since childhood in Mexico City who were so keen to do the film the signed up before they saw a script -- against type and against their wishes . Both had originally wanted to play the opposite character : Bernal the abrasive Rudo , and Luna the romantic Cursi . They were eventually dissuaded by Cuaron who said : "  I do n't want to make Y Tu Mama Tambien 2 . " The idea behind Cha Cha Cha films was conceived by Cuaron senior , del Toro and Innaritu when the trio -- a kind of all-stars of Mexican cinema -- found themselves with a surprise 16 nominations and 4 awards at the 2007 Oscars . The idea came out of a desire to pool their their rising bargaining power and maximize their clout in Hollywood -- and , of course , out of friendship . The company was "  born out of friendship and sibling sympathies , " del Toro told CNN . When Carlos was originally writing the script , his bother , Alfonso told him thought it was perfect for Cha Cha Cha . The venture formalizes a working relationship del Toro , Innaritu and Alfonso Cuaron have had for years , but they freely admit they spend little time together . Rather it is a case of exchanging ideas and honing each other 's writing over the phone and via email from all over the globe . Del Toro , for example , is currently in New Zealand directing Peter Jackson 's follow-up to his wildly successful "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , "  The Hobbit . " It would appear that the Mexican trio have created an ideal creative environment for themselves , Cha Cha Cha has been criticized for forgetting their Mexican heritage in the rush to embrace Hollywood . It is not a criticism they take lightly . Watch Cuaron , Bernal and Garcia talking about "  Rudo y Cursi " "  I do n't care about Mexican films , about indie films , about Hollywood films , " says Alfonso . "  Just good or bad movies . "  Yes , it 's great that we have a common background as Mexican creators , but once you are a creator you have a common language with creators from all around the world . " For del Toro , the company will extend the influence of Mexican cinema not diminish it : "  We want to give Mexican cinema , if you want to call it that , the credentials and right to exist in world cinema . "  People do n't think twice when -LSB- Italian filmmaker -RSB- Bernardo Bertolucci is doing a movie about China called ` The Last Emperor . ' "  But in your mind , Latin American filmmakers are only doing Latin American films . We 're trying to show that it 's important to have roots , but not borders . " The bittersweet drama has played to big laughs all over Mexico and the U.S. , but for its makers , it is not simply a comedy . "  People talk about this film as if it 's a comedy but I question that , " says Alfonso . "  The elements are very dramatic and actually very tragic , and the ending has a very bittersweet tone . " According to del Toro , the movie "  says there 's a way to be comfortable with failure , and finding you 're emotionally more satisfied in failing . " Failure though , is not an issue overly burdening Cha Cha Cha 's "  three amigos , " -- their second film , "  Biutiful , " set in Barcelona , directed by Inarritu and starring Javier Bardem is currently being edited in Spain . Alfonso told CNN his next movie would be shot in France and Scotland , and would be in French and English , though that too "  will be a Cha Cha Cha film . " Carlos Cuaron is the only one who is unhappy , despite the unprecedented success of his directorial debut . "  For me it 's difficult , " he says . "  Whenever I see the movie , I only see the flaws . Nobody else sees them . " "  Not even your mother ? " asks Bernal . "  No , not my mother , " says the director . "  She thinks I 'm a genius . "	Mexican superstars Gael Garcia Bernal , Diego Luna star together Film has gone down in Mexican history as fourth most popular box office hit ever Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , Alfonso Cuaron , Guillermo del Toro behind film Directed by Carlos Cuaron and produced by production company , Cha Cha Cha
After Mukhtar Mai was gang raped on the orders of a tribal court in Pakistan in 2002 , local tradition dictated she was expected to commit suicide . She defied her attackers and fought for justice . More than a decade on , she is still fighting for women 's rights in Pakistan and inspiring many around the world . Mai 's "  honor revenge " was carried out on the orders of a jirga -- a tribal assembly -- because her 12-year-old brother was wrongly accused , according to a subsequent investigation ordered by the Punjab governor , of improper relations with a woman from another tribe . "  They decided I should be punished against my brother 's crime , " Mai , now 39 , told CNN through an interpreter . "  They immediately acted upon that decision and dragged me out . That was the hardest moment of my life . " Read : The wisdom of women -- whose words inspire you ? While the majority of rapes go unreported in Pakistan , according to Pakistani national newspaper The Express Tribune , Mai was determined not to stay silent . "  I was of the view that I must fight back to get my rights , " said Mai . "  First of all , there was the rape , and afterwards when I tried to call the police , I received death threats that I would be killed if I went to a police station . "  I sat inside the four walls of my home , but I was encouraged by well-wishers . My local community gave me the courage to fight back and go to the court . " "  I decided that what happened to me should never happen to anyone else . " Initially , six men were sentenced to death for the rape or abetting the rape . However , in 2011 , Pakistan 's Supreme Court overturned all but one of the convictions and the men were freed . Mai grew up in a small village in the Punjab region of Pakistan , where she never went to school and was forced into marriage at the age 13 . After only a few years , she was divorced and living back home with her parents . "  I came back to my parents ' home and I started to make myself independent . I started working at home doing sewing and household work , low income work . "  I did that for 10 or 12 years and generated enough money to buy my own cattle . " At the age of 28 , her life changed forever when she was gang raped as a result of her younger brother 's alleged crime . Also on Leading Women : The woman powering Japan 's nuclear hopes post-Fukushima Far from destroying her , as her attackers would have expected , the incident made Mai determined to fight for women 's rights and she set up the Mukhtar Mai Women 's Organization . Convinced that lack of education contributed to the poor treatment of women , Mai established a girls ' school , initially in a single room of her family home with a just one teacher and three students , including herself . "  The first school I attended was my own school , " said Mai . For the first three years , she ran the school without any outside funding . "  Whatever I earned I used to pay the salary of the teacher . Sometimes I had to sell my own things , " she said . Mai 's school gained worldwide attention following a spate of articles in the international press in 2005 and donations began to pour in -- as well as some government money . Today the Mukhtar Mai Girl 's Model School offers free education , books and uniforms to 550 girls from nursery to the beginning of high school . However Mai said the school has received no government funding for the last three years and is struggling for income . In addition , she has set up a women 's shelter and resource center for victims of violence , while her memoir , "  In the Name of Honor " , was published in 2006 and has been translated into 23 languages . In 2009 , Mai married a police officer who acted as her bodyguard and they now have a one-year-old son . Late last year , the shooting of the young Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai brought women 's rights back to worldwide attention . Malala , now 15 , was shot by the Taliban for campaigning for girls ' education in Swat Valley in October and is now recovering in hospital in the United Kingdom . "  I am praying for Malala 's health and recovery , " said Mai . "  She is a very little girl and the work she was doing and intends to do is great . "  More girls are now getting an education in her region due to Malala . " In the decade since her attack , Mai believes she has made a difference to women 's rights in Pakistan , but still has a long way to go . "  Things have improved , but not as much as they should have done . There are laws , but the laws are not always implemented . "  It 's an evolutionary process and it will take time . I hope I have given the courage to girls and women to speak about women 's rights and to open new horizons . " Mai is the headline speaker at the Geneva Summit for Human Rights and Democracy on February 19 .	Mukhtar Mai was gang raped at the age of 28 on the orders of a tribal council She refused to kill herself , as was expected , and fought for justice and women 's rights Mai is headline speaker at Geneva Summit for Human Rights and Democracy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Republicans on Wednesday presented what they called a "  sorely needed " alternative to Democrats ' proposals to overhaul health care . Rep. Eric Cantor says Republicans are drafting a plan to ensure all Americans have access to affordable coverage . Republicans want to make sure all Americans have access to affordable coverage , Rep. Eric Cantor , the House minority whip , said Wednesday . "  We do so by making sure we keep down costs and incorporate the ability for folks to pool together to access lower costs , to bring private sector into the game and keep government out , " Cantor said . Neither Democrats nor Republicans have detailed how they would pay for their proposals . Rep. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri , said his party 's plan will cost "  far less " than that of the Democrats and "  provide better results for the American people . " Rep. Dave Camp , R-Michigan , who co-authored the GOP plan , said it 's important to make sure the bill is one with a "  common-sense approach . " "  We are not going to have a bill that is larger than the GDP -LSB- gross domestic product -RSB- of most countries , which is what we are beginning to see roll out , " said Camp , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee . "  Clearly , if we move forward and this bill is on the floor , we are going to have to have a bill that is paid for and that 's going to depend on what the scores come back . " A score is a preliminary estimate of the cost of proposed legislation . A preliminary review by the Congressional Budget Office of a plan being drawn up in the Senate found it would cost about $ 1 trillion over 10 years to extend health insurance to 16 million people who otherwise would not be covered , about a third of the roughly 45 million now uninsured . Camp said that the House Republican proposal calls for refundable tax credits for lower-income Americans . But Camp and Republicans have not determined key details for their proposal , including the amount of those tax credits or who precisely could be eligible . House Republicans on Wednesday planned to release a two-page summary of Camp 's proposal , which CNN Radio obtained . Some highlights include : This Republican alternative bill also contains several health care ideas that are increasingly championed by both parties . This House Republican plan comes a day after fellow Republican Rep. Mark Kirk of Illinois and other moderates in the so-called Tuesday Group released their proposal , which spelled out many of the same ideas as the Camp bill . Kirk contends his plan is less partisan but said he supports Camp 's effort . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Eric Cantor says plan keeps "  government out " of health care market House Republicans plan to release two-page summary of health care bill Plan 's author says it 's important bill have "  common-sense approach " Neither Democrats nor Republicans have detailed how they would pay for proposals
CNN  -- Martin Luther King Jr. fought and died so blacks would no longer be viewed as inferior but rather enjoy the same inherent rights given to whites in America . Yet in 2014 , 50 years since the passage of the Civil Rights Act , the West View News thinks it 's appropriate to publish a story about our first black president , Barack Obama , with the headline , "  The Nigger in the White House . " Oh , the times we are living in . All I could do was feel sick to my stomach when I read the headline that the monthly newspaper serving Manhattan 's Lower West Side published . And it brought up the pain my family went through nearly four decades ago . Not only is the word reprehensible but also why would an editor of a newspaper use the n-word in a headline about America 's first black president ? As a black woman who is a dogged critic of Obama 's policies and his presidency and also happens to be the daughter of parents who grew up in the segregated South and were called that word , I find the headline disgusting and reprehensible to say about the nation 's first black President , even if the author claimed he was actually writing in support of the President . The article , written by an 86-year-old white man , James Lincoln Collier , supports Obama , noting , "  far right voters hate Obama because he is black . " "  That was the whole point in this , that a great many people in the United States continue to think of President Obama as the n **** r , and I wanted to make that point , that there 's a substantial amount of racism still existing in the United States , " Collier told CNN 's Don Lemon on Monday . I guess Collier could be a liberal but in his heart still feels it is OK to use that word to describe Obama . Clearly , no political party owns racism and that 's just the problem . For the record , I do n't think it 's OK for blacks to call each other the word either or for so-called black hip-hop artists to lace their music with the word like they 're saying the "  hello . " Still , despite all the major achievements of blacks before and since the Civil Rights movement , most notably the attaining the highest office in the land , many whites in this country have a deep-seated hatred toward blacks and will never view us as equal . They even think they are complimenting us when they call us that word . And at the end of the day , that 's all we 're considered , no matter what we do or accomplish . In a pathetic attempt to defend using the headline , the West View News ' editor , George Capsis , told the New York Post : "  In this article , however , Jim reminded me that The New York Times avoids using the word which convinced me that West View should . " Capsis defends his decision as wanting to be provocative and "  out do " the Times . I think it 's more plain that . It seems the only way Capsis thought to praise a black President was to use a racist word to disparage him . The entire incident shows how far America has to yet to go in race relations . Remember , this is 2014 . Not 1977 . That 's when I was just a child and my parents had to sue the Salisbury Country Club in Chesterfield , Virginia , suburb of Richmond , Virginia , for denying them membership a private club in our neighborhood only because we were black . It was then I learned about racism , specifically , that no matter what , some white people just hate black people for no other reason than the color of their skin . My father  Dr. Thomas Wright Jr. , an accomplished dentist  and mother  Barbara B. Wright  had moved into their dream home they had spent a year building and applied for membership to the club their kids could ride their bikes to and learn how to swim and play tennis . But in the summer of 1977 , the club 's all-white board of directors voted to reject my parents ' membership application . The all-white board also rejected the family of NFL all-pro star Willie Lanier . The club had no black members and no white applicant had ever been denied membership to the club . Part of the reason my parents built a home in Salisbury was because the real estate developers of the subdivision advertised homeowners could enjoy club membership . They just failed to mention it was a perk available to "  white-only homeowners . " After my parents got rejected , one of the co-developers , J. Kenneth Timmons , sent a letter to the Salisbury Country Club board of directors congratulating them on a job well-done and told them to "  continue to act in the same responsible way , " according to June 5 , 1980 , Richmond Times-Dispatch article "  Club Fight Tires Black Dentist . " Like the author in the West View News , Timmons did n't use the n-word to refer to my parents in the body of his letter . But he may as well have because that 's how he viewed them . After a lower court ruled against my parents , they appealed to the Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which unanimously ruled on September 30 , 1980 , my parents had been discriminated against . My parents never joined the club . It was n't about the membership . It was about respect and teaching their three children about doing what was right and "  responsible . " Just before the ruling was handed down , my father was quoted saying : "  You ca n't believe it 's 1980 , and they 're still doing this thing . " Sadly , it 's 2014 and Dad , they 're still doing the same thing , only this time to the President of the United States . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Crystal Wright says the use of the n-word to describe the President was reprehensible An 86 year-old writer used the term in a recent headline in a New York newspaper In 1977 , Wright 's family was refused admission into an all-white country club
CNN  -- Stalin was to the point . Napoleon went on and on . Hitler did it as if he were writing an employee 's job review . "  Evil may walk among us , but that does n't mean evil never wrote a love letter , " said John Kirkland , an author who has plundered the depths of cheesy writing throughout history by revered , infamous and just plain awful people . His book "  Love Letters of Great Men " is mostly filled with leaders acting honorably . But it also features several who had an affection for tyranny . "  I found that almost all powerful people are very passionate , and that naturally can make them over the top in their personal lives , " Kirkland said . "  Another truth I learned , " the author said , "  is that it 's never a good idea to hook up with a dictator . " Nadya Stalin 's family sheltered Joseph Stalin after one of his escapes from Siberian exile during 1911 , and the two reconnected later when she worked as a clerk in Vladimir Lenin 's office . Their romance began when she was a teenager . When they married in 1919 , he was 41 . They had a boy , Vasily , and a girl , Svetlana . It 's unclear exactly what the brown-eyed young woman saw in the stout and swarthy older man . Perhaps she developed an attachment to him when she was a child , or maybe it was because she too was a diehard Bolshevik . Like Stalin , she had an unpredictable temper and exceptionally bold political ambitions , especially for a woman of her time , rising up eventually through party ranks to pull her own weight . While historians describe her as conservative in dress and manner -- at least publicly -- Stalin wore his heart on his sleeve for his wife . In June 1930 , Stalin was busy revamping the Soviet Union 's economy , which led to millions of people being deported and exiled and a catastrophic famine . His plans would later lead to the slaughter of millions . He wrote to his wife , using his pet name for her , while she was away having her headaches treated in Germany . "  I miss you so much Tatochka . ... I 'm as lonely as a horned owl . " The dictator did n't discuss his job in letters to his wife , Kirkland said . "  I 'm not going out of town on business , " Stalin wrote . "  I 'm just finishing up my work and then I 'm going to go out of town to the children tomorrow ... so goodbye , do n't be too long , come home sooner ! My kisses ! Your Joseph . " She replied to him by writing , "  I am kissing you passionately . " While Stalin 's letters were lengthy in the beginning of their courtship , he sometimes wrote the equivalent of a refrigerator Post-It to his wife . "  I forgot to send the money , but I 've now sent it  120 roubles  with colleagues leaving today , " he wrote . "  Kiss you , Joseph . " Their correspondence flew back and forth quickly , carried by secret police couriers , writes historian Simon Sebag Montifiore , author of "  Stalin : The Court of the Red Tsar . " Nadya and Stalin were an explosive match , both quick to anger and not afraid to snap at each other at dinner parties . They had epic fights . In 1926 , she took the kids to Leningrad and he begged her to come back , so she did . "  Both were selfish , cold with fiery tempers , though she had none of his cruelty and duplicity , " Montifiore wrote . The two fought one night at a party . She ended up dead by dawn of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound . Russian officials told the public she died of illness . Some people believe Stalin killed her . Loving Benito Mussolini ended similarly for Ida Dalser , a beautician who some sources say was his first wife . The Italian tyrant ordered her and their son , Benito Jr. , institutionalized . But in the beginning , it was all kisses and sweetness . He called her "  my little friend " and signed a letter "  your wild friend and lover . " "  My little Ida , " he wrote , "  I have just arrived after twelve endless hours on a train that left me completely covered in soot . I washed it off as best as I could and my first thought , even before going to dinner , is you . Are you pleased ? Will you say , once again , that you alone love me , while I do n't love you ? I love you too , my dear Ida , even though I have n't been able to prove it to you . " Another letter : "  How happy I would have been to have you with me , today , while the train was racing along under a cloudless sky , through a countryside displaying all of autumn 's melancholic seduction , towards this beautiful Rome which appeared before me just as the sunset was setting ablaze the horizon of the seven hills of the Eternal City . " "  When they met , he was pretty much a nobody , enlisting and heading off to World War I , " said Kirkland . "  After the war , his career takes off . He has his minions declare her insane , locks her and her son up and she dies . " Josephine de Beauharnais was much more in control of her relationship with Napoleon Bonaparte , a notoriously temperamental military commander . Kirkland said that the French emperor seemed to perform better in battle when Josephine returned his smothering affection . "  She wore the pants , " the author said . "  He was completely in love and obsessed with her . " Shortly after they were married , Napoleon left to command the French army near Italy . Much of his correspondence to Josephine bordered on begging , particularly in April 1796 . He wanted her to join him closer to battle so they could have a honeymoon . "  I have your letters of the 16th and 21st . There are many days when you do n't write . What do you do , then ? No , my darling , I am not jealous , but sometimes worried . Come soon ; I warn you , if you delay , you will find me ill . Fatigue and your absence are too much . " "  Your letters are the joy of my days , and my days of happiness are not many , " he writes , saying that he 's racked with "  hopeless sorrow , inconsolable misery , sadness without end . " "  But you are coming , are n't you ? You are going to be here beside me , in my arms , on my breast , on my mouth ? Take wing and come , come ! A kiss on your heart , and one much lower down , much lower ! " Napoleon appears to have written multiple letters on the same day , like a guy who leaves a half dozen increasingly desperate voice mails back to back . "  I am going to bed with my heart full of your adorable image . ... I can not wait to give you proofs of my ardent love , " he writes in November 1796 . " ... How happy I would be if I could assist you at your undressing , the little firm white breast , the adorable face , the hair tied up in a scarf a la creole . You know that I will never forget the little visits , you know , the little black forest . ... I kiss it a thousand times and wait impatiently for the moment I will be in it . To live within Josephine is to live in the Elysian fields . Kisses on your mouth , your eyes , your breast , everywhere , everywhere . " Most of Napoleon 's letters were flowery , as were those of the many other leaders in Kirkland 's book . "  Almost everyone was descriptive and seemed to put a lot of care into what they wrote , " he said . "  Except Hitler . " Eva Braun met Adolf Hitler in Munich when she was a teenager . By every standard , Braun had a terrible experience . She tried to kill herself twice during their relationship . She was married to the Fuhrer for only 40 hours before she bit a capsule of cyanide in his bunker and they both died there in April 1945 . There are no surviving letters between the two . But there are accounts , Kirkland said , of what Hitler said about Braun to his inner circle . Braun had a "  calm , intelligent and objective way of being , " Hitler remarked . "  There 's a coldness , like he 's evaluating her , " said Kirkland . "  He controlled everything . " Perhaps the only control Napoleon had over Josephine was that he gave her that name . Her real name was Rose . And Rose lost interest in her French fighter not long after they married . During the First Italian Campaign , according to a PBS documentary , rumors reached Napoleon that Josephine was cheating on him . When he returned to her home in Milan , she was n't there . Historians believe she might have taken off with her lover . Napoleon waited for nine days for her to come back and wrote , "  I do n't love you anymore ; on the contrary , I detest you . You are a vile , mean , beastly slut . " No couples therapy could help them . Napoleon grew resentful and took a lover -- and kept taking them -- while Josephine came back to him and tried to persuade him to stay with her . But his ego was trampled and he divorced her , claiming that that was best for France . Napoleon married a 19-year-old who bore him a son . In 1814 , a coalition of enemies invaded France . Napoleon went off to war , lost and was exiled . He learned that the love of his life had died of a cold by reading about it in a newspaper . Napoleon locked himself in a room for two days . For the rest of his life he wore a locket around his neck containing tiny violets he gathered in Josephine 's garden .	Stalin to his wife : "  I miss you . ... I 'm as lonely as a horned owl " Mussolini to his beloved : "  Will you say , once again , that you alone love me ? " Hitler was less flowery about Eva Braun , called her "  calm , intelligent "
CNN  -- The simmering row between departing Kimi Raikkonen and his Lotus team came to a boil Friday as the Finn threatened to boycott the final two races of the F1 season because he has not been paid . Raikkonen turned up late for the Abu Dhabi round and took fourth behind all conquering Sebastian Vettel in afternoon practice . But addressing gathered reporters at the end of session , the former world champion gave vent to his frustrations . "  I came here only because hopefully we found an understanding on the certain issues we have been having , " said Raikkonen told UK 's Press Association . "  Hopefully it will be fixed and we can finish the season as well as we can . " But when pushed on the possibility of not taking part in the final races in the United States and Brazil , Raikkonen hinted at the possibility of a no show . "  I enjoy racing , I enjoy driving -- but a big part of it is business , " he said . "  Sometimes when that is not dealt with like it should , we end up in an unfortunate situation . You have to put the line somewhere , and if it goes over that ... it is not really my fault anymore . " Raikkonen is reported to be owed $ 20 million for his efforts in 2013 , a situation which has arisen because of financial arrangement Lotus has with its majority owners , the Luxembourg based investment group Genii Capital . Under the arrangement , the drivers -- Raikkonen and Frenchman Romain Grosjean -- get their pay at the end of the season after sponsorship deals are tied up to cover the fees . Raikkonen 's frustrations with Lotus have built up over the season and he was involved in an angry and very public altercation with pit wall boss Alan Permane at the Indian Grand Prix last Sunday . Team chairman Gerard Lopez has tried to cool the situation , praising Raikkonen for his efforts which leave them challenging for second place in the constructors ' championship behind Red Bull . "  The only reason we 're fighting for second in the world championship is because of all the points that Kimi has scored , " he told the team 's official website . "  We 're doing everything we can to ensure Kimi and the team can continue to fight right up to the checkered flag in Brazil . "  Of course , recently a lot was made about the comments between Alan Permane and Kimi during the course of a tense moment in a race , but this was just one exchange taking a matter of seconds in the course of a two-year relationship , " he added . Raikkonen told reporters that he regretted the incident , but said other factors had left him disgruntled . "  It is all the other stuff , and all the things come together in the end . Like I said , it is easy to say that is the reason but it is not that . " "  Sometimes it is not very nice when you hear that you are not really a team player , and you do n't have the interests of the team  at heart  -- but you have been paid zero Euro the whole year , " added the Finn . Meanwhile , Vettel , who wrapped up a fourth straight title in India , continued his domination with a one minute 41.335 second clocking at the Yas Marina Circuit , ahead of Red Bull teammate Mark Webber . Lewis Hamilton took third for Mercedes ahead of Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg in the second Mercedes .	Kimi Raikkonen hints at Lotus walkout Raikkonen unhappy about not being paid yet for 2013 season Lotus fourth in constructors ' championship heading into final three races Sebastian Vettel fastest in practice at Yas Marinas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Global warming could destabilize "  struggling and poor " countries around the world , prompting mass migrations and creating breeding grounds for terrorists , the chairman of the National Intelligence Council told Congress on Wednesday . Climate change could increase flooding in coastal areas , like the flooding that hit the Philippines . Climate change "  will aggravate existing problems such as poverty , social tensions , environmental degradation , ineffectual leadership and weak political institutions , " Thomas Fingar said . "  All of this threatens the domestic stability of a number of African , Asian , Central American and Central Asian countries . " People are likely to flee destabilized countries , and some may turn to terrorism , he said . "  The conditions exacerbated by the effects of climate change could increase the pool of potential recruits into terrorist activity , " he said . "  Economic refugees will perceive additional reasons to flee their homes because of harsher climates , " Fingar predicted . That will put pressure on countries receiving refugees , many of which "  will have neither the resources nor interest to host these climate migrants , " he said in testimony to the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming . Reactions to the report broke down along partisan lines , with Democrats generally praising it and Republicans expressing doubts . Committee members had concerns about the report 's secrecy , reliability and use of intelligence resources . Global warming may have a slight positive effect on the United States , since it is likely to produce larger farming yields , Fingar said But it is also likely to result in storm surges that could affect nuclear facilities and oil refineries near coasts , water shortages in the Southwest and longer summers with more wildfires , the study found . International migration may also help spread disease , Fingar added , and climate change could put stress on international trade in essential commodities . "  The United States depends on a smooth-functioning international system ensuring the flow of trade and market access to critical raw materials , such as oil and gas , and security for its allies and partners . Climate change and climate change policies could affect all of these , " he warned , "  with significant geopolitical consequences . " The report was the conclusion of the most comprehensive government analysis the U.S. intelligence community has ever conducted on climate change . Fingar emphasized that it could make no hard and fast predictions , saying that the operative word in his assessment was "  may . " Wealthy countries will be able to handle the situation better than poorer ones , he said . "  We assess that no country will be immune to the effects of climate change , but some will be able to cope more effectively than others , " he said . "  Most of the struggling and poor states that will suffer adverse impacts to their potential and economic security are in Sub-Saharan Africa , the Middle East , and Central and Southeast Asia . "  However , the spillover -- from potentially increased migration and water-related disputes -- could have a harmful global impact , " he added . Fingar painted a mixed picture of the effects of climate change on the United States itself . "  Most studies suggest the United States as a whole will enjoy modest economic benefits over the next few decades , largely due to the increased crop yields , " he said . "  Costs begin to mount thereafter , however , and some parts of the United States -- particularly built-up coastal areas -- will be at greater risk of extreme weather events and potentially high costs related to losses in complex infrastructure . " The impact of fighting and preparing for climate change may be greater than the effect of global warming itself , Fingar said . "  Government , business and public efforts to develop mitigation and adaptation strategies to deal with climate change -- from policies to reduce greenhouse gases to plans to reduce exposure to climate change or capitalize on potential impacts -- may affect U.S. national security interests even more than the physical impacts of climate change itself , " he said . The report , the "  National Intelligence Assessment on the National Security Implications of Global Climate Change to 2030 , " relied on U.S. government , military , academic and United Nations studies of climate change . The report itself is classified , which some members of the House committee objected to . "  I am disappointed it is classified , " said Rep. Anna Eshoo , D-California . Secrecy "  prevents this report from being released and discussed in public domain . " Committee Chairman Ed Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat , said he would ask the administration to declassify it . Markey opened the hearing by saying "  human beings all over the planet face death or damage or injury if we do not act . " He blasted the White House stance on climate change , saying , "  The Bush administration continues to limit what their experts know . The president does n't want America to know the real risk of global warming . " Republicans on the committee criticized the report as wasteful , with Rep. Darrell Issa of California calling it a "  dangerous diversion of intelligence resources . " Rep. Pete Hoekstra , R-Michigan , said that the report was unreliable and that its authors admitted as much . "  We have a lot of information where we are incapable of assessing it , " Fingar conceded . Hoekstra also questioned the committee 's priorities . "  There are a lot more pressing issues out there for the intelligence community to be focused on right now that would help keep America safe , " he said . The assessment "  was a waste of time , a waste of resources for the intelligence community to be focused on this issue versus other folks in the government that could have done this job and have a responsibility for doing it . " Fingar said the intelligence community had relied on the science of others because it did not itself monitor climate change . He said the assessment was based on midrange predictions of global warming .	Climate change could destabilize "  weak " states , intelligence chair says Global warming could spark mass migrations , classified report finds U.S. food production could increase with climate change , report suggests But it says U.S. coasts could be threatened by larger storm surges
CNN  -- Six people face charges including theft and trespassing in the aftermath of a wild party over the Labor Day weekend at a former NFL player 's second home while he was out of town , police in New York state said Thursday . Brian Holloway , a former offensive tackle for the New England Patriots , was in Tampa , Florida , during the holiday weekend when his son told him he was receiving tweets about a party at their home in Stephentown , New York , Holloway said . "  I thought it was a joke , " he told CNN . According to a news release , the six suspects , who range in age from 17 to 21 , turned themselves at the Rensselaer County Sheriff 's office . A 19-year-old was arrested for "  organizing , advertising , and providing alcohol for the party , " the police statement said . He faces two felony charges , including third-degree burglary , and two misdemeanors . Three of those arrested are accused of stealing a granite eagle statue and are facing felony grand larceny charges . Two others among the six arrested are accused of trespassing and providing alcohol to children . The party made national news after the homeowner , a former offensive tackle for the New England Patriots , reposted pictures and tweets from the party online . Brian Holloway said the 300 teens at the party did more than $ 20,000 damage to his home . He said some of the kids had been to other parties at his house . The investigation continues and more arrests are expected , police said . Tweets tip off former NFL player about party	Party was attended by 300 people , former NFL player says Six suspected partiers are arrested on charges that include burglary One man is accused of being a ringleader of the party More arrests will occur , police say
CNN  -- The Nobel prize-winning biologist who caused a furor with comments about the intelligence of black people resigned Thursday from his longtime post at a renowned research lab . James Watson won the 1962 Nobel prize for discovering the structure of DNA . In a statement announcing his departure from the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory on New York 's Long Island , Dr James Watson did not mention the comments but instead cited "  events " which led to his decision . "  The circumstances in which the transfer is occurring , " he wrote , "  are not those which I could ever have anticipated or desired . " The lab 's board had already suspended him pending a review of his remarks , for which Watson apologized last week . The controversy began with an interview with Watson published October 14 in Britain 's Sunday Times . Watson was quoted as saying he was "  inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa " because "  all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours , whereas all the testing says not really . " He also asserted there was no reason to believe different races separated by geography should have evolved identically , and that while he hoped everyone was equal , "  people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true . " Watson had been on a tour of the United Kingdom to promote his new book , and the comments led several venues to cancel his planned appearances . The 79-year-old biologist apologized "  unreservedly " last week and said he did not understand how he could have made the quoted remarks . The paper stood by its interview . Watson won the 1962 Nobel prize for his role in discovering the double-helix structure of DNA . He had been chancellor of the lab and served on its board for 43 years , but he said it was now time to retire . "  Closer now to 80 than 79 , the passing on of my remaining vestiges of leadership is more than overdue , " he wrote . Watson said he was proud of the laboratory 's legacy and reputation as one of the world 's leading sites for biological research and education . Specifically , Watson mentioned cancer research as one of the lab 's achievements . Eduardo Mestre , chairman of the lab 's board , said Watson had made "  immeasurable contributions " to the lab 's research and that the board respected his decision to retire . The lab 's director , Bruce Stillman , credited Watson with raising the lab 's profile . "  Jim 's legacy will not only include CSHL and the double helix , but his pioneering efforts that led to the sequencing of the human genome and his innovations in science writing and education . " Watson had made controversial remarks in the past . In 1997 , Britain 's Sunday Telegraph quoted Watson as saying that if a gene for homosexuality were isolated , women who find that their unborn child has the gene should be allowed to have an abortion . During a lecture tour in 2000 , he suggested there might be links between skin color and sexual prowess , and between a person 's weight and their level of ambition . And in a British TV documentary that aired in 2003 , Watson suggested that stupidity was a genetic disease that should be treated . E-mail to a friend	Nobel prize-winning biologist resigns from his job after making racist remarks James Watson worked at the renowned Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory He won the 1962 Nobel prize for his part in discovering the structure of DNA
London , England  CNN  -- Something is stirring within the Hamas body politic , a moderating trend that , if nourished and engaged , could transform Palestinian politics and the Arab-Israeli peace process . There are unmistakable signs that the religiously based radical movement has subtly changed its uncompromising posture on Israel . For example , in the last few months top Hamas officials have publicly stressed that they want to be part of the solution of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , not part of the problem . What is happening inside Hamas ' mosques and social base shows a concerted effort on the part of its leadership to re-educate its rank and file about co-existence with the Jewish state and in so doing mentally prepare them for a permanent settlement in the future . In Gazan mosques , pro-Hamas clerics have begun to cite the example of Salah al-Din al-Ayubi , a famed Muslim military commander and statesman , who , after liberating Jerusalem from the Western Crusaders , allowed them to retain a coastal state of their own . The moral lesson of the story is that if the famed leader could tolerate the warring , bloodthirsty Crusaders , then today 's Palestinians should be willing to live peacefully with a Jewish state in their midst . This story is important because it provides Hamas with religious legitimacy and allows it to justify and explain its change of direction to followers . As an Islamic-based movement , Hamas ' very raison d'etre rests on religious legitimization , and its leaders understand that they neglect that at their peril . Hamas ' recent narrative marks a pronounced departure from the past in which Hamas moderates called for a minor or long-term truce . Now Hamas leaders appear to be going further by laying the ground for a shift in their position by educating their social base about the requirements of permanent peace -- recognition of the Jewish state . Although the evolution of Hamas ' stance on the peace process has been slow , gradual and qualified , in the last three years many of its leaders repeatedly have said they wanted a two-state solution . Pressed by an Australian journalist on policy changes that Hamas might make to any new order , Khaled Meshaal , the top Hamas leader and head of its political bureau based in Syria and considered a hard-liner , asserted that the organization has already shifted on several key points : "  Hamas already changed -- we accepted the national accords for a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders , and we took part in the 2006 Palestinian elections . " Over the years , I have interviewed more than a dozen Hamas leaders inside and outside the Palestinian territories . Although , on the whole , Hamas ' public rhetoric calls for the liberation of all historic Palestine , not only the territories occupied in 1967 , a healthier debate occurs within . My recent conversations with Hamas ' rank and file suggest that the militant organization has evolved considerably since the group unexpectedly won power in Gaza in free elections in 2006 . Before then , Hamas was known for its suicide bombers , not its bureaucrats . But that had to change . "  It is much more difficult to run a government than to oppose and resist Israeli occupation , " a senior Hamas leader told me while on official business in Egypt in 2007 . "  If we do not provide the goods to our people , they 'll disown us . " Ironically , in spite of the West 's refusal to regard this government as legitimate , the democratic demands for governance from within Gaza are themselves driving change within Hamas . What is striking about Hamas ' recent shift of opinion toward the peace process is that it has come at a trying time for the Islamist organization which , in the last two years , has faced critical challenges from al Qaeda-like jihadist groups , a low-intensity civil war with rival Fatah , the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority , and a deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza . Last summer a militant group called Jund Ansar Allah , or the Warriors of God , one of a handful of radical al Qaeda-inspired factions , declared the establishment of an Islamic caliphate in Gaza , a flagrant rejection of Hamas ' authority . Hamas security forces struck instantly and mercilessly at the Warriors , killing more than 20 members , including the group 's leader , Abdel-Latif Moussa . In one stroke , the Hamas leadership sent a message to its foes and friends that it will not tolerate the existence of global jihadist groups such as al Qaeda : Hamas will not allow al Qaeda-inspired factions to turn Gaza into a theater to wage transnational jihad . However , the challenge to Hamas ' authority persists . Israel 's punishing siege of Gaza , in place since 2007 , along with the suffering and despair it has caused to its 1.4 million inhabitants , has driven hundreds of young Palestinians into the arms of small Salafist extremist factions that accuse Hamas of forfeiting the armed struggle and failing to implement Quranic or Shariah law . Operationally and ideologically , there are huge differences between Hamas and al Qaeda and its various inspired factions , and a lot of bad blood . Hamas is a broad-based religious/nationalist resistance whose focus and violence is limited to Palestine/Israel , while al Qaeda is a small , transnational terrorist group that has carried out attacks worldwide . Thus Hamas , unlike al Qaeda and other fringe factions , is not merely an armed militia but a viable social movement with a large popular base that has been estimated at more than half a million supporters and sympathizers . Hamas also has shown itself to be sensitive and responsive to Palestinian public opinion . A further example of its political and social priorities is Hamas ' decision to engage seriously with an Egyptian-brokered deal that sketches out a path to peace with rival Fatah . Despite its reactionary rhetoric , Hamas is a rational actor , a conclusion reached by former Mossad chief Ephraim Halevy , who also was Ariel Sharon 's national security adviser and who is certainly not an Israeli peacenik . The Hamas leadership has undergone a transformation "  right under our very noses " by recognizing that "  its ideological goal is not attainable and will not be in the foreseeable future , " Halevy wrote in Yedioth Ahronoth a few months ago . His verdict is that Hamas is now ready and willing to accept the establishment of a Palestinian state within the temporary borders of 1967 . Yet if Hamas is so eager to accept a two-state solution , why does n't it simply announce that it recognizes Israel 's existence and promise to negotiate a peace deal that allows the two countries to coexist ? In interviews with Hamas officials , they stress that their organization has made significant concessions to the so-called Quartet 's three conditions , though the Quartet  the United Nations , Russia , United States and European Union  has not lifted the punishing sanctions against Hamas nor has it effectively pressed Israel . Hamas ' diplomatic starting point will be to demand that Israel recognizes the nationalist rights of the Palestinians and withdraws from the occupied territories , but it will not be its final position . There could be no viable , lasting peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians if Hamas is not consulted about peacemaking and if the Palestinians remain divided with two warring authorities in the West Bank and in Gaza . Hamas has the means and public support to undermine any agreement that does not address the legitimate rights and claims of the Palestinian people . Its rival , Fatah and the Palestinian Authority , lacks a popular mandate and the legitimacy needed to implement a resolution of the conflict . President Mahmoud Abbas has been politically weakened by a series of blunders of his own making and by pressure by the U.S. , compromising his moral authority in the eyes of a sizable Palestinian constituency . If , instead of ignoring Hamas or , worse yet , seeking its overthrow , the United States and Europe engaged the Islamically based organization , diplomatically and politically , and encouraged it to continue moderating its views , the West could test the extent of Hamas ' evolution and find out if the organization is willing to accept a settlement based on the two-state solution . So far , the strategy of isolating and militarily confronting Hamas pursued by Israel and the Bush administration has not appeared to weaken the organization dramatically . If anything , what success this strategy has had in undermining Hamas has been counterproductive , since it has radicalized hundreds of young Palestinians who have joined extremist al Qaeda-inspired factions and reinforced the culture of martyrdom and nihilism . To break this impasse , and prevent further gains by more extremist factions , the U.S. and Europe should support a unified Palestinian government that could negotiate peace with Israel . The ongoing Egyptian-brokered truce deal between Hamas and Fatah is an opportunity that may be built on to repair and strengthen intra-Palestinian governing institutions that have been frayed as a result of intense rivalry in the last two years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges .	There are signs Hamas is taking new stance on Israel , Fawaz A. Gerges says He says pro-Hamas clerics are preparing people for coexistence Hamas is fighting groups inspired by al Qaeda , Gerges says He urges West to test Hamas ' willingness to engage in Mideast peace process
CNN  -- The key to President Barack Obama 's triumphant performance in Monday night 's debate was not his command of the facts , his well-crafted answers or his cutting comeback lines . It was one thing : the stone cold , laser-like stare Obama shot his opponent when Mitt Romney was answering questions . I call it "  Obama-stare " -- but unlike Obamacare , this Obama plan may not be good for your health . For those , like me , who watch the other candidate closely when his opponent is answering a question , the contrast between Obama and Romney 's reactions was like comparing Darth Vader with Honey Boo Boo . Romney 's look vacillated between forced smiles to that of a person whose stomach was alarmingly churning and was worried he would n't make it to the bathroom in time . But Obama pinned Romney with the look -- Obama-stare . It 's not a look we saw at the previous debates .  Of course , Obama did n't even attend the first one . Opinion : Obama in command ; Romney plays it safe Obama-stare resembles the grimace that Wyatt Earp might have had on his face moments before guns were drawn at the famed gunfight at the OK Corral . Or even Clint Eastwood 's classic scowl in his "  Dirty Harry " movies just before shooting a bad guy -- not to be confused with the look he recently gave to an empty chair . The Obama-stare is more than just a laser-like game face -- apparently it causes people to agree with him on issue after issue . Obama-stare is more akin to Obi-Wan Kenobi 's use of the Jedi mind trick , or vampires on "  True Blood " glamouring someone into saying exactly what they want to hear . Romney agreed with Obama so often I thought Mitt was going to endorse him . How else can anyone explain why Romney -- who is highly critical of Obama 's foreign policy when he is out on the campaign trail -- would agree with the president on issue after issue when placed in the same room ? Romney appeared as if he was n't vying for commander in chief as much as for "  agree-er in chief . " For starters , Romney praised Obama regarding Osama bin Laden : "  I congratulate him on taking out Osama bin Laden and going after the leadership in al Qaeda . " Romney then agreed with Obama 's policy regarding Egypt during the Arab Spring : "  I believe , as the president indicated , and said at the time that I supported his -- his action there . " Opinion : Romney endorses Obama 's national security policies Romney continued his "  I agree with Obama " tour with regard to Israel : "  I want to underscore the same point the president made , which is that if I 'm president of the United States ... we will stand with Israel . " And on the Obama administration 's use of drones , Romney agreed some more : "  I support that and entirely , and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology . ... " Romney also concurred with the president on employing a host of tough sanctions against Iran .  But I wish he would 've said he would impose "  a binder full of sanctions . "  And Romney agreed with Obama that at this time , he would not call for the deployment of U.S. military personnel into Syria to stop the bloody conflict there . True , there were some disagreements . But those were mostly in the area of domestic policy , which oddly dominated the middle portion of the foreign policy debate . Thankfully , moderator Bob Schieffer finally regained control and returned the candidates to foreign policy . I can only assume someone texted Schieffer the words "  Jim Lehrer . " I 'm sure there will be those who fault Romney for agreeing so often with Obama instead of articulating a stark contrast on foreign policy . But it was truly refreshing to see a Democrat and Republican actually agreeing on issues . Opinion : Was Obama too relentless with Romney ? Now , if the president can just figure out how to use Obama-stare on the entire Congress , maybe then we would see Congress get something done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : President 's secret debate weapon was laser-like stare he shot Romney Obeidallah : Romney 's look turned from forced smiles to that of someone who 's really queasy He says the stare 's power seemed to make Romney agree with Obama over and over If Obama could train the stare on Congress , he says , maybe something would get done
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan officials said 26 people across the country were killed in election day violence , although they hailed Thursday 's vote as a success . A woman dips her finger in ink to show she voted in Bamiyan , one of Afghanistan 's more peaceful provinces . Nearly 95 percent of the more than 6,000 polling stations across Afghanistan opened on Thursday , according to government and electoral officials . Counting is under way but initial results are not expected for another 36 to 48 hours , while final results will not be certified until mid-September . Officials extended voting until everyone waiting in line had a chance to cast their ballots . "  At some -LSB- polling stations -RSB- there is a very large line , " said Azizullah Ludin of Afghanistan 's Independent Electoral Commission . "  We have to complete all these people that are coming here . " It is the nation 's second presidential election since the 2001 fall of the Taliban . Ludin said the decision to add more time to vote was because of a large turnout at some stations and technical issues that delayed voting for others . There were no official details on voter turnout and it has been difficult to get an accurate count of how many Afghans voted in defiance of threats of violence from the Taliban . CNN 's Atia Abawi said election officials at one polling station in Kabul had already begun counting ballots after a low turnout when the order to extend voting reached them . Afghan voter turnout low as presidential election nears end " When asked how many ballots had been counted , an election official said 1,000 -- which seemed high to the CNN crew that had been at the polling station all day . "  We were there all day and we did not see 1,000 people , " CNN 's Kevin Flower said . Election workers in central Bamiyan province immediately began reopening the polls after the order to extend voting . "  Election workers had put up security tape barriers and even tied down the flaps to their voting tents shortly after 4 p.m. local time , " CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from the province . "  The security tape has been removed and voters are straggling in again . " Election observers from 30 groups -- both domestic and international -- said voting in Kabul province was fairly smooth , though a few reports surfaced of irregularities at various polling stations . Afghans were electing a president from 40 hopefuls and 420 members of the provincial council in what was seen in the international community as a high-stakes test for the fledgling South Asian democracy . The Taliban had vowed to disrupt the voting and the risk factor in some areas may have been too high for some Afghans to venture out to vote . Watch an election monitor in Kabul discuss what 's being examined " The government ordered a ban on media coverage of incidents of violence in an effort to "  ensure the wide participation of the Afghan people " as 300,000 NATO and Afghan soldiers were out in force to safeguard voters . The independent Pajhwok Afghan News , which had announced it would not heed the media ban , posted online reports of deadly attacks across Afghanistan . CNN has not confirmed those incidents . Afghan security officials said voting day violence claimed the lives of 17 Afghan policemen and soldiers , and another nine civilians . An American service member was killed in a mortar strike in eastern Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . It did not say where the attack took place . Major fighting continued for a second day in the city of Baghlan , north of Kabul , security sources said . Rockets were fired at the town throughout the day , a day after heavy fighting that claimed the life of the city 's police chief , the sources said . Afghans in Baghlan are afraid to leave their homes to cast their ballots , Afghan security officials said . In the eastern city of Gardez , four rockets pounded the outskirts of the city , while a roadside bomb struck in another area , the local security chief said . There were no casualties from either incident . But other parts of Afghanistan have been largely spared the daily drumbeat of car bombs , assassinations and whizzing rockets . Enthusiasm filled the air as voters lined up to have their say . Pajhwok reported brisk turnout in western Herat province , which borders Iran . Khwaja Mahboob told Pajhwok that he voted for a woman for a provincial council seat because he believed women should have a stronger say in Afghanistan . Watch what ranks high among Afghan concerns " In central Bamiyan province , where predominantly ethnic Hazaras suffered under Taliban rule , thousands of voters cast their ballots behind cardboard screens inside dust-caked tents . Police struggled to hold back and search the crowd and at one point , people pushed through , breaking off one of the gates to the polling center . After voting , one elderly man admitted he was n't sure who he voted for . "  Whoever God wants will be king , " he said . Many Afghans are illiterate and rely on symbols like light bulbs and books to identify their candidates on the ballot paper . Organizers from Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission said 11 polling centers in Daikundi province were closed because of security concerns . Some polling stations in eastern Kunar and Nuristan provinces did not open and others , including 100 in Ghor , opened without a security presence , according to Pajhwok . Afghanistan observers and experts said a high turnout would help marginalize the Taliban which ruled Afghanistan from 1996 until the 2001 U.S.-led invasion . Incumbent President Hamid Karzai , dressed in his traditional purple and green striped robe , cast his vote shortly after the polls opened and had his finger stained with ink that is supposed to last for two weeks , a measure intended to thwart fraud by preventing people from voting multiple times . "  I 'm sure this will be for peace , for progress and for the well-being of the Afghan people , " Karzai said . But at some Kabul polling stations , the ink apparently was not potent enough , according to Damaso Magbual , an observer from the Asian Network for Free Elections . At another station , a boy who successfully voted with a fraudulent registration card , admitted to being only 13 , Magbual said . Karzai 's top rival was his former finance minister Abdullah Abdullah , who once served as a confidante of Ahmed Shah Massoud , the charismatic leader of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance killed by al Qaeda . Who are the candidates ? How does the voting work ? Read here " The other candidate who gathered steam in the campaign was former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani , a Western-educated man who served as a World Bank analyst . Karzai was named interim leader after the fall of the Taliban regime and won the 2004 election by a significant margin . His popularity , however , has waned in recent months as Afghanistan has been crippled by corruption and increasing bloodshed . Both Abdullah and Ghani hailed anti-corruption measures and government transparency as centerpieces of their campaign platforms . Women 's votes were seen as crucial after an especially repressive period for women under the Taliban when they were stripped of rights . But in some polling stations Thursday , women voters were greatly outnumbered by men . What do Afghans want ? See in photos here " Habiba Surobi , the female governor of Bamiyan , said women who live in remote Afghan villages are still not aware of their rights . "  This is something to be concerned about , " she said , adding that it was the responsibility of Afghanistan 's women leaders to ensure better awareness and education . About 15 million of Afghanistan 's 33 million people are registered to vote . Earlier , officials had estimated that number as 17 million . CNN 's Atia Abawi and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	26 people killed in election day violence , Afghan officials say Vote hailed a success by officials as the count begins The Taliban had vowed to disrupt the voting More than 3,000 candidates vie for 420 provincial seats ; 40 standing for president
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The second of two men who last month pulled off a daring escape from a county jail in New Jersey was taken into custody Wednesday , authorities told CNN . Otis Blunt , 32 , was arrested in Mexico City , according to the U.S. Marshals Service . He will be transported back to the United States as soon as possible , probably within 24 hours , authorities said . Mexico has no extradition proceedings . On Tuesday , local and federal authorities captured Jose Espinosa , 20 , who broke out of Union County Jail on December 15 along with Blunt . Espinosa and Blunt escaped by digging a hole through the cinder block wall of their adjoining cells , and hid the hole by using posters of bikini-clad women . The two then jumped onto a roof and over a 25-foot-high razor wire fence onto a railroad bed . Authorities said Espinosa might have injured his foot making those jumps . Authorities traced Blunt to Mexico City , where he was hiding in a $ 10-a-night hotel , said Commander Lenny DePaul of the New York/New Jersey Regional Fugitive Task Force . They spotted him when he looked out a window . Marshals and Mexican authorities then converged on the hotel room , DePaul said . A written statement from marshals identified the hotel as the Hotel Zomara . Blunt , who was arrested without incident , was in a holding cell Wednesday afternoon , DePaul said . Marshals said Blunt was in the custody of the Mexican immigration agency and is awaiting its determination about his deportation . "  Since the day of his escape , right through the holidays , apprehending this guy has been the highest-priority case , " DePaul said in the statement . In recent days , Blunt had spoken with the Rev. Al Sharpton , the civil rights activist , to help negotiate his surrender . Sharpton traveled to Mexico City , where he said he was led to believe Blunt would give himself up Tuesday . But that surrender did not occur , and Sharpton left the country Wednesday morning . Police believe it took two weeks for Espinosa and Blunt to chisel out two cinder blocks -- one between the cells and a second to the wall outside , using a valve wheel one of the men took from a pipe . Union County prosecutor Theodore J. Romankow said it is n't clear why no one heard the digging , as a reenactment conducted by his office showed it would be loud . When the men made the jumps , they were wearing flip-flops and had wrapped their feet in sheets , the prosecutor said . The sheeting strips were found by authorities later . Acting on a tip , authorities found Espinosa about 9 p.m. Tuesday in an apartment six blocks from the jail , said James Plousis , a U.S. marshal for New Jersey . Espinosa was alone in the residence and was lying on a couch with his foot raised . Investigators said they also arrested a "  female associate " of Espinosa . They identified her as 19-year-old Odalys Cortez of Hazleton , Pennsylvania , and said in a news release that they plan to file criminal charges against her . During their escape , Blunt and Espinosa left behind dummies in their jail beds , along with a note naming prison guard Rudolph Zurick . It thanked him "  for the tools needed , " and said , "  You 're A real Pal ! Happy Holidays . " Zurick committed suicide last week at his home in Sayreville , New Jersey . His attorney , Michael Mitzner , said Zurick had not been charged in the jail break and was cooperating with investigators . "  It 's possible that his name being associated with the escape was more than he could take , despite his lack of involvement , " Mitzner said . As Espinosa , wearing a sleeveless black T-shirt , khaki pants and slippers , was led into Union County police headquarters Tuesday night , a reporter asked him about the guard 's death . "  It was n't our fault , " he said . Espinosa recently pleaded guilty to aggravated manslaughter and was to be sentenced January 25 , authorities said . He faced a minimum of 17 years in prison . Blunt was in prison in lieu of $ 75,000 bail for weapons and robbery charges . Both men were being housed in the multilevel jail 's high-security area , officials said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Susan Chun and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Otis Blunt was captured Wednesday in Mexico City , officials said Jose Espinosa was caught not far from the New Jersey jail Tuesday Last month , they escaped through a hole they dug in their cells ' cinder block wall A guard whom the inmates taunted in a note they left behind , committed suicide
AOL Autos  -- Ah , that new car smell , that eau de car-logne ; it does an ego good while it does a wallet bad . And now it turns out , it can do bad things to your health , too . Air freshners can contain aldehydes , esters and ketones , industry spokesman says . All these years , while we were being offered safety first , last and front , side and rear ways , hardly anyone in the vehicle industry had given much thought to what actually was in that perfume de profit , the new car smell that car buyers sought and bought . As everyone knew , pollution related to vehicles originated from the exhaust pipe , not the shifter knob . It was spewed out the back of the rear , not the back of the rear view mirror . Well , what everyone thought they knew was wrong . It turns out -- take a deep breath -- that most of that new car smell is not some carefully-compounded , luxury , feel-good incense to the Mammon gods . But the new car smell comes from toxic gases . Not only that , but like a two dollar cologne , the effects can linger and linger for years , stinking up not only your shiny new car , but the reputation of the entire vehicle industry itself . AOL Autos : Best new small cars Who says so ? Just about everyone in the vehicle business these days . But the initiator was The Ecology Center  EC  , a membership-based , nonprofit environmental organization based in Ann Arbor , Michigan . AOL Autos : 10 most fuel-efficient new cars In a 2006 industry-awakening report entitled "  Toxic At Any Speed : Chemicals in Cars and the Need for Safe Alternatives " , this independent green organization declared that much of the material in most car interiors that produce that new car smell is made with toxic chemicals known to pose major public health risks . The report went on to say that not only are vehicle drivers and passengers breathing toxic air , but are also in constant physical contact with dangerous chemicals leaching from just about every interior surface of a new vehicle . The report says these chemicals give off gases that not only contaminate the air , but also coat interior surfaces with toxic "  fog , " generally seen as that new car film common to new car interior windshields and windows . These are the same type of chemicals that are , "  linked to birth defects , impaired learning , liver toxicity , premature births and early puberty in laboratory animals amongst other serious health problems , " according to EC . Fake is probably as bad as real . The companies that market those "  new car smell " products that are sold at car washes and auto accessories stores generally will not reveal product contents . One fragrance industry spokesman indicated they can contain artificial leather odor , plus aldehydes , esters and ketones , which are all organic or chemical compounds . AOL Autos : Safest cars under $ 30,000 Back to real . We are not speaking of plastic doodads here . There is an average of 250 pounds of plastic in new cars , the largest portion used for interior seat cushions , arm rests , door panels , steering wheels , dashboards , wire insulation and the plethora of aircraft-type knobs and switch controls throughout a car 's cockpit . AOL Autos : 10 least expensive new cars In addition to acettonitrile , decanol , formaldehyde , naphthalene and carbon disulfide used in foams , adhesives and fabrics , the two major problem chemicals in most new vehicles are  a  the PBDEs , which are used as fire retardants throughout the industry and  b  phthalates , which are widely employed to soften PVC plastics . AOL Autos : Best financing deals of the month Extended research by the Ecology Center covered samples from model years 2000 to 2005 made by 11 manufacturers . Part of the research showed significantly higher levels of PBDEs in those vehicles as compared to those levels in homes and offices that had been measured in previous studies , making in-car pollution a major source of indoor air pollution and health danger . In the resultant table of contamination levels , Hyundai rated lowest and Mercedes highest in PBDEs . Volvo rated lowest and Hyundai highest in phthalates . Not only are these toxic elements dangerous in any situation , but the combination of higher temperatures caused by the surrounding glass of windshields and windows and UV exposure from the sun can cause PBDE flame retardants to become even more dangerous with solar exposure , up to five times higher than in homes and offices . Imagine the gas chamber you 're creating by also smoking in the car , Jack . Report coauthor and EC 's Clean Car Campaign Director Jeff Gearhart wrote , "  We can no longer rely just on seatbelt and airbags to keep us safe in cars . Our research shows that autos are chemical reactors , releasing toxins before we even turn on the ignition . There are safer alternatives to these chemicals ... " The Ecology Center called for these actions : Manufacturers : Should phase out PBDEs and phthalates in auto material parts . Government : Should provide phase-out guidelines and provide technical assistance and research to vehicle manufacturers for development of alternatives . At a most recent count , nine states have passed laws banning two forms of PBDEs with at least six more coming aboard . Vehicle occupants : Should minimize health risks by using solar reflectors , ventilating car interiors with open windows and non-recirculating air conditioning and parking out of direct sunlight whenever possible . In other words , get rid of that new car smell . Although the automotive industry took notice of the report , there was no instant fire drill to rectify the status quo . Reaction to the report was slow-growing , but due to things green busting out all over , just about every vehicle manufacturer began to initiate research and development to reduce or eliminate built-in passenger compartment pollution . Actually , research on toxic chemical reduction and elimination had been underway for some time in the electronic and electrical industries . As far back as 2003 , the European Union had passed legislation requiring the phase-out of PBDEs . Companies like Apple , Dell , HP , IBM , Panasonic and Sony have already eliminated PBDEs from their products . Addressing progress or lack of same in its recent Second Annual Report , the Ecology Center graded the country 's eight leading car manufacturers on their plastics policies and practices . The report said that Ford and Honda had made the most significant improvements since the original findings and had joined Toyota as the three leaders in using "  safe " plastics for indoor auto parts by  a  use of bio-based materials ,  b  improving interior air quality and  c  reducing the use of PVC . Bio-based materials Toyota led the group with a ` B ' grade by developing an eco-plastic made from sugar cane or corn and building a pilot plant to produce it . DaimlerChrysler came in second through increased use of renewable materials , and Ford came in third for developing a soy-based foam and a bio-fabric for seating . Interior air quality Ford headed this group with a B for having four vehicles certified to an independent allergy-free standard . Toyota got a C + in this group for its goal to reduce in-cabin VOC  volatile organic compound  levels in all vehicles globally by 2010 , but it 's noted that Toyota did n't say to what levels they would be reduced . PVC reduction Honda was tops with a B for removing PVC from most applications in its products . Also cited were Hyundai , Toyota and DaimlerChrysler for replacing PVC parts in some lines . But not all is mountain fresh air in vehicleland . While these studies show progress , vehicle manufacturers still have miles to go before the interiors of their offerings are safe from "  new car smell . " When grading the manufacturers that account for 94 % of total vehicles in sales in the US , it resulted in the highest overall grade of a C + for Toyota and a C for Ford , while the lowest score in this group overall was a D - for Volkswagen . Much of Ford 's good grading came from its Volvo component . Volvo , which had the Ecology Center 's lowest emissions of phthalates and a lower incidence of the flame retardant PBDE than in most other cars , actually led the Ecology Center to encourage other car manufacturers to follow Volvo 's example . "  Safety is more than crumple zones and air bags , " said a Volvo spokesman . "  All of our interiors comply with Oeko-tex 100 , probably the toughest cabin standard being used today . " Oeko-tex 100 is an international environmental standard for textiles which demands that seat belts , carpets , thread and fabrics contain no harmful substances , that leather upholstery undergoes chromium-free tanning with natural plant substances and even smaller parts , such as handbrake buttons and steering wheel emblems , be tested as possible contact allergy sources . Finally , the greenies also found their share of doubting Thomases , or in this particular case , Hermanns or maybe Hanses . A group of German scientists decided to conduct their own tests of indoor vehicle pollution . They ran tests of volatile organic compounds originating from the interiors of vehicles and concluded that there was no evidence of toxic effects when they exposed human lab cell cultures to cabin pollutants . Although they declared their research showed no evidence of any health harm , the scientists did n't explain why so many people derive such pleasure from inhaling new car smell , which comes from alky benzenes , alkanes , formaldehyde and acetone . Or could it be that inhaling those fumes could lead the mind to such wondrous suggestions ? Either way , now that you have the facts about that once-desirable , now-controversial new car smell , you can breathe easier . Well , maybe not .	Ecology Center study shows "  new car smell " comes from toxic gases Effects of gases can linger for years Toyota , Honda and Ford lead in using "  safe " plastics for indoor auto parts German scientists run alternate tests -- say no evidence of toxic effects
Washington  CNN  -- Big tech firms and private prisons represent two industries vigorously lobbying to influence the scope of legislation aimed at overhauling U.S. immigration policy , a political priority in Washington . Microsoft , Facebook , and Intel want lawmakers to support increasing the number of visas available to highly skilled workers , according to an analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks the influence of money in politics . Others , like Corrections Corporation of America , which builds detention facilities to house illegal immigrants , have contributed heavily to the campaigns of lawmakers who take tough stances on the issue . In all , 359 lobbying clients pressed their positions on immigration reform to officials at nearly every level of government , including the White House , Congress and the Homeland Security Department , according to the analysis for 2012 . The figure is up from the 317 clients lobbying on immigration from the previous year . It is difficult to track exactly how much each spends on lobbying an issue , campaign finance experts say . However , tracking the number of times something specific is mentioned on disclosure reports indicates its importance to a company or industry . "  They 're not spending this money just willy-nilly . They have a goal and they 're trying to achieve that goal legislatively , " said Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense , a watchdog group . "  You have to be sure they 're writing the legislation for the right reasons and not just trying to benefit one particular company , " Ellis said . President Barack Obama underscored the need for comprehensive immigration reform earlier this year stressing the need to better enforce related laws , provide a path to citizenship for the more than 11 million undocumented workers already in the country and reform the legal immigration system . The so-called "  Gang of Eight " in the Senate and a similar bipartisan group in the House are working on crafting a reform framework leading up to what could be one of the year 's biggest legislative showdowns . What 's in Senate immigration plan ? "  The reason immigration is on the table now is the outcome of the last election , " said Judith Gans , manager of the immigration policy program at the University of Arizona . "  No political party likes to lose and the Republican party realized that their unfriendly stance toward immigrants was creating a coalition in the Democratic Party . " The upcoming legislative battle will create winners and losers , and businesses are doing everything they can to ensure they can influence the outcome . "  We will see Congress make it easier for that high-skilled , cutting-edged talent to come to the U.S. . But if they do n't address the channels for low skilled workers to come to the U.S. , illegal immigration will continue , " Gans said . The nation 's tech sector , which has come to rely strongly on highly trained and science-savvy foreign workers , has long had a vested interest in immigration policy . When Congress failed to take action on the issue , big business and their lobbyists turned their attention to agencies and lawmakers for support in increasing the number of H-1B visas . Those are used by companies to temporarily employ foreign workers with special skills . But H-1B visas are capped at 65,000 annually for those with undergraduate or professional degrees . Another 20,000 are reserved for candidates with graduate-level credentials . The competition is fierce for slots and available caps are often exhausted quickly . Microsoft spent $ 8 million last year in broader lobbying efforts and filed 33 disclosure reports dealing with immigration â $ " twice the number of lobbying reports of companies like Intel . Microsoft , which contributed $ 814,645 to President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign , submitted four reports showing that some of its lobbying efforts were directed at the executive office of the president . The company also lobbied Congress and 22 other federal agencies and offices on issues like corporate tax reform and antitrust law . But the second-highest number of lobbying reports filed by the company dealt with immigration . Other tech companies also lobbied heavily . Intel spent $ 3.7 million in overall lobbying and filed 16 reports . Facebook spent $ 3.9 million in overall lobbying and filed eight reports , including those for lobbying the executive office of the president and the White House . "  The reality is that in the United States , we are creating unfilled jobs faster than we are creating new filled positions , " Brad Smith , Microsoft 's executive vice president and general counsel , said during a speech at the nonpartisan Brookings Institution last year about his industry 's need for more highly-skilled workers . Tech companies say they look for qualified U.S. workers first , but are having a tough time finding college graduates with the needed skills to work in science and technology fields . A significant portion of these corporate workforces are comprised of well educated , highly-skilled foreign nationals who are highly sought after and can only go to work for an American company if they are extended an H1-B visa . Intel says it is encouraged by legislative changes in the works . Several proposals to expand the available number of visas are working their way through Congress . These include a bipartisan measure sponsored in part by Republican Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , considered a potential 2016 presidential candidate . The lawmaker is also part of the "  Gang of Eight " working on comprehensive immigration reform , which both parties view as a priority for capturing support from Hispanics , whose influence politically is growing . Politicians also are weighing the impact on business and how attracting the best workers helps innovation , product development and productivity . "  Immigration reform is critical issue for Intel , " said company spokeswoman , Lisa Malloy . "  In the last year , we have seen growing bipartisan support for high-skilled , employment-based visa reform . This is very encouraging to Intel . " Another "  Gang of Eight " member , Sen. John McCain has changed his views on immigration over the years . For instance , the Arizona Republican first supported and later opposed a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants . He is also the fourth-highest recipient of campaign donations from Corrections Corporation of America . House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , both Kentucky Republicans , are other notable recipients of that company 's campaign donations , according to Center for Responsive Politics data . "  The private prison industry is responsible for 16 % of federal prisoners in the U.S. and makes a substantial portion of its profits from detention centers for illegal immigrants , " the group said . "  Illegal immigration creates a pool of potential prisoners and there 's some incentive to them wanting to have input on those policies , " Gans said . In one case last year , lobbyists representing CCA were paid $ 60,000 to monitor "  issues pertaining to the construction and management of private prisons and detention facilities , " according a federal lobbying disclosure report . Corrections Corporation of America spent $ 970,000 last year to lobby Congress and the U.S. Marshals Service on a variety of issues . It says it supports a bipartisan group of lawmakers who support or are "  open minded to the merits of public-private partnership and the related services we provide . " The company says its lobbying effort has been aimed at ensuring it understands reforms related to new civil detention facilities being pursued by Immigration and Customs Enforcement . "  Not a single firm hired by CCA lobbies on our behalf for or against immigration enforcement or detention policies . Every firm we engage with is contractually bound to adhering to this strict policy . The primary focus of our lobbying efforts is education on the merits and benefits of public-private partnership in corrections and detention generally , and the relevant services CCA provides , " said company spokesman Steven Owen . Construction , agricultural , leisure and hospitality were among other industries also lobbying Congress and federal agencies heavily last year on such issues as changing the nation 's guest worker program . Whether spending on immigration lobbying will have any impact remains to be seen , policy and lobbying experts say . "  Lobbying on immigration reform is like lobbying on any complicated legislation in DC : messy and unpredictable . Just as with tax reform and health care reform , every affected constituency in the immigration debate is pushing their own agenda , " said Stephen Yale-Loehr , a veteran immigration attorney . "  Sometimes the stars align and a bill gets passed , " Yale-Loehr said . "  Often , however , the effort fails , despite or because of everyone 's efforts . "	Companies push immigration reform lobbying blitz for different reasons Microsoft , Intel , Facebook want more visas for highly-skilled workers Private prisons want tough immigration laws to help keep detention facilities filled Lobbying efforts could help craft immigration reform legislation
CNN  -- The bullets that killed Beatle John Lennon were given to Mark David Chapman by an Atlanta police officer who was his friend , Chapman told a parole board as he made his case -- for an eighth time -- to be freed . Chapman said he sold a Norman Rockwell painting to finance the assassination plot , which he described as "  very well thought out . " It involved "  incredible planning , absolutely , incredible stalking . " Chapman , 59 , fired five rounds into Lennon outside New York 's Dakota Hotel on the evening of December 8 , 1980 . But in the 34 years since then , Chapman has found God , he testified to three New York parole commissioners August 20 . "  I found my peace in Jesus , " Chapman said . "  I know him . He loves me . He has forgiven me . He has helped in my life like you would n't believe . " He also told the parole board that he was "  an idiot " for killing Lennon "  and choosing the wrong way to glory . " But the "  bright light of fame , of infamy , notoriety " was irresistible , he added . 8th bid for release Chapman 's testimony last week was his eighth request for freedom since he became eligible for release under the 20-years-to-life sentence for his second-degree murder conviction . The commissioners denied parole as they 've done seven times before -- in 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , 2006 , 2008 , 2010 and 2012 . The decision said the board found a "  reasonable probability that  Chapman  would not live and remain at liberty without again violating the law " and that his release "  would be incompatible with the welfare of society and would so deprecate the serious nature of the crime as to undermine respect for the law . " The hearing transcript and the decision were made public Wednesday . The commissioners questioned Chapman about why he decided to kill Lennon and how he carried out the murder . "  I was confused , " he told them . "  I needed a lot of attention at that time , and I took it out on him . " Chapman , who was 25 at the time , said his life had "  sunk to a depressed state " and he was drinking . "  I just saw that as my way out , you know , a lazy way out of my doldrums . It was a horrible decision , but I knew what I was doing . " Decision was made at a young age The idea of killing Lennon began when he read a book about the Beatles as a child , a time when be was "  feeling left out , " he said . "  I just said to myself what would happen if I killed him , " Chapman said . "  I remember that , and then the idea just avalanched on me that this was something I am going to have to do . It grabbed ahold of me and would n't let go . " He acknowledged to the board that he had several "  alternate targets " to kill , although the names were redacted in the published transcript . The commissioners noted that all of the former targets are now dead . Retired cop reveals letters from Lennon 's killer The police officer who arrested him showed CNN letters sent to him by Chapman in 1983 saying that actors Marlon Brando and George C. Scott , former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis and CBS news anchor Walter Cronkite were on his hit list . He made two trips to New York to stalk and plan , he said . His first trip ended when his wife convinced him to return to their home in Hawaii , where he said he tried to get counseling . "  They said that there was a backup and they could n't see me , " Chapman said . He convinced his wife that he had thrown away his gun and she had no idea his second trip to New York was to kill someone , he said "  I told her I was coming to New York to write a book , a children 's book , and that I kind of needed space to find myself and she believed me , " Chapman testified . "  She really did . I think if she would have thought otherwise she would have stopped somebody or called somebody . I was very convincing . " He sold a Norman Rockwell painting to pay his airfare to New York from Hawaii and his hotel expenses , he said . Mark David Chapman Fast Facts Bullets came from police officer Chapman , who grew up in Atlanta , said he stopped in his hometown on the way . He asked a friend who was an Atlanta police officer for help . "  I told him I had the gun , but I could n't get bullets , and I needed protection while I was in New York , " he said . "  He gave me five bullets . " Lennon was "  very kind " to him when Chapman encountered him before the shooting , even signing a copy of his latest album , he testified . He knew he "  could have turned it around " and not killed Lennon , but he chose not to , he said . "  That bright light of fame , of infamy , notoriety was there , " Chapman said . "  I could n't resist it . My self-esteem was shot , and I was looking for an easy way out . It was a bad way out , but it was the way I chose and it was horrible . " Lennon a ` great and talented man ' He told the parole board that he realized the pain he has caused by killing Lennon , who he said was "  a great and talented man . " "  I am sorry for causing that type of pain , " he said . "  I am sorry for being such an idiot and choosing the wrong way to glory . " He 's no longer seeking notoriety , he said . "  Got enough of that . I do n't need anymore . " "  I am interested in one thing and that 's ministering to prisoners , " he said . "  Me and my wife have a ministry . We distribute brochures that tell people about Christ . " His wife has stood by him for 35 years . She visited last year and is planning to visit later this year , he said . "  I ca n't believe she stuck with me all these years but she has , " he said . "  We 're closer to the Lord now than we were on the street , so I am going to credit him with keeping our marriage together and our sanity , but she is still with me . " If freed , he has a job lined up with a New York minister , he said . His skills include fixing wheelchairs , which he does as a prison job , he said . He told the commissioners he expected them to deny his parole and he understood they are just doing their jobs . Chapman , who is being held at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden , New York , will have another chance for parole in 2016 . Ron Howard to direct Beatles concert documentary CNN 's Marisa Marcellino contributed to this report .	"  Bright light of fame , of infamy , notoriety " of killing Lennon was irresistible , Chapman says "  I found my peace in Jesus , " he tells the New York parole board Parole commissioners deny Chapman 's 8th request for freedom Chapman is serving a 20-years-to-life sentence for murdering John Lennon in 1980
CNN  -- Xavi Hernandez scored the only goal of the game with a thunderous free kick as Barcelona beat nine-man Granada Tuesday to return to the top of La Liga . The Spanish champions , held 0-0 at home by Sevilla at the weekend , once again found goals hard to come by against their struggling opponents . But midfield ace Xavi did find the net with a long-range free kick on 32 minutes which flew into the top corner . At the start of the second half Granada 's Jaime Romero was shown red , but despite dominating possession Barca could not grab a second , but they have gone seven games , a club record , without conceding a goal . In injury time , Granada 's Daniel Benitez was also red carded after being cautioned for a second time . Barcelona can be overtaken at the top by perennial strugglers Levante , who go in search of a remarkable seventh straight win against Real Sociedad Wednesday . Real Madrid play Villarreal and can also leapfrog their arch-rivals with a win as Cristiano Ronaldo , on 98 goals for the club , aims to reach triple figures after his weekend hat-trick against Malaga . In Italy , Juventus went back to the top of Serie A after beating Fiorentina 2-1 in Turin Tuesday night . Udinese and Lazio are not playing until Wednesday as Juve took full advantage to regain the leadership they held until a 2-2 draw against Genoa Saturday . Leonardo Bonucci put them in front but Fiorentina hit back after the break and equalized through Stevan Jovetic . But Alessandro Matri grabbed the winner as Juve kept up their unbeaten start to the season . England 's League Cup fourth round saw an immediate return to winning ways for Manchester United after their 6-1 defeat to Manchester City Sunday in the EPL . Making 11 changes to that team , Alex Ferguson 's men beat fourth-flight Aldershot 3-0 . Strikers Dimitar Berbatov and Michael Owen , who have been frozen out of league action , scored the opening two goals with Antonio Valencia getting the third . Arsenal also reached the last eight with a 2-1 home win over Bolton .	Barcelona beat Granada 1-0 to regain leadership of La Liga Zavi Hernandez scores only goal of game with a fine free kick Juventus back on top in Ialy after 2-1 win over Fiorentina Manchester United beat Aldershot to reach last eight of English League Cup
CNN  -- Like giddy teenagers , Republican activists have fallen for another charming , personable and accomplished black conservative . Dr. Ben Carson is the newest object of their crush , which was born of a desperate need to attract more black men and women as high-profile standard-bearers . You ca n't blame Republican loyalists for swooning over the doc , a renowned surgeon who rose from poverty to head pediatric neurosurgery at Baltimore 's famed Johns Hopkins Hospital . If wooing voters of color were simply a matter of finding an attractive black face with an inspiring personal story and an impressive resume , Carson would be hard to beat . But black voters tend to be more discerning than that . They have shown an unerring instinct for rejecting condescension and dismissing tokenism . There are many black Americans who admire Carson for his professional accomplishments  I 'm one of them  , but that admiration is unlikely to translate into votes . One of the reasons is that Carson does n't seem to know black Americans ' political values very well . In his most recent book -- a political tract called "  America the Beautiful : Rediscovering What Made This Nation Great " -- he writes : "  Many African-Americans voted for Obama simply because he was a black man and not because they resonated philosophically with his policies . " In fact , black voters have been increasingly allied with the Democratic Party since the 1960s when Lyndon Johnson pushed through significant civil rights legislation . Al Gore received about 95 % of the black vote in 2000 , John Kerry about 93 % in 2004 . Moreover , Carson seems to have adopted the view , popular among so many ultra-conservatives , that the Democratic Party appeals to voters who shun the work ethic . Talking to The New York Times recently about his conservative views , Carson described himself as a "  flaming liberal " in college who later became disaffected with the Democratic Party . "  One thing I always believed strongly in was personal responsibility and hard work , " he said . "  I found the Democrat Party leaving me behind on that particular issue . " That notion -- fallacious though it is -- is at least as popular among black conservatives as among white ones . I 've been hearing it from black Republicans for at least two decades . Several years ago , I interviewed a black conservative running a doomed campaign for a suburban Atlanta congressional district . She had no prior political experience , no policies to advance , no program to sell . Her platform consisted of her belief in hard work , which she contrasted , at least implicitly , with black Democrats ' supposed preference for sloth . That view is as puzzling as it is infuriating . It may charm those white conservatives who hold stereotypical views of black Americans , but it bears little resemblance to the realities that inform their choices at the ballot box . In his memoir , "  Gifted Hands , " and in his motivational speeches , Carson talks about his impoverished childhood and his remarkable semiliterate mother . Married at 13 only to later divorce her philandering husband , she enforced high academic standards for Carson and his brother while working two or three jobs as a maid or nanny -- and battling debilitating depression . Carson eventually got into Yale and became , at 33 , the youngest person to head a department at Johns Hopkins Hospital . He is famous for separating conjoined twins . That 's a compelling and powerful tale . But it differs from those of other hardworking black people I know only in the degree of success that Carson attained as a result , not in the measures of ambition , industriousness , discipline and self-respect his mother instilled in her children . Yet black Americans know better than to believe those traits are enough to guarantee success . History taught us better . Just look back over the last decade and a half . In 2000 , according to the U.S. census , less than a quarter of black Americans -- 22.5 % -- lived in poverty . By 2010 , that number had risen to 27.4 % . Was there a sudden outbreak of indolence among black folk over that period ? Or were there outside forces that conspired to knock them back down the economic ladder ? As long as the Republican Party refuses to acknowledge that , it will have little to offer workers of color -- and declining appeal to younger whites . They , too , understand the limits of self-reliance . To be helpful to the GOP , Carson would have to remind them of the caprice of capitalism and the generational reach of racism 's barriers . Instead , he sounds like the standard-issue Ayn Rand acolyte , no different from Mitt Romney or Paul Ryan . He opposes the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and supports a flat tax . For good measure , he 's also a religious conservative who disputes evolution . It 's no wonder that conservatives have started to trumpet him as their Great Black Hope . Psychologists believe that romantic interest increases when people mirror each other 's gestures . Carson perfectly reflects the beliefs of his suitors . Still , this romance is unlikely to blossom into a long-lasting love affair . There are too many misunderstandings , too many unspoken expectations , too many half-baked assumptions . And some of those half-based assumptions are Carson 's . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Tucker .	Cynthia Tucker : Republicans are desperate for more high-profile black candidates She says they have swooned over Ben Carson , a renowned surgeon who rose from poverty Carson has a great life story but puts too much faith in the power of self-reliance , she says Tucker : Many Americans realize that outside forces also determine success or failure
Atlanta  CNN  -- By the time Leikia Reynolds was 12 years old , her life was heading down the wrong path . Her grandparents took her in when she was 11 months old . She did n't know her mother , and her father was serving a 16-year prison sentence . Her grandmother , Dorothy Reynolds , saw the warning signs . "  She was getting into fights . She saw other kids with parents , and she felt left out . She called me ` Mama ' and my husband ` Daddy , ' " she recalls . "  She did n't feel good about herself . She was failing in math ... she did n't have good grades . " Looking back , Reynolds agrees . "  I 'd just be outside every day until 12 -LSB- at night -RSB- . I 'd be outside playing and being rough . " Her grandmother saw an ad for Big Brothers Big Sisters on TV and knew she had to do something . "  Leikia needed somebody in her life who was younger . ... I 'm kind of sickly , and I could n't get out with her a lot to take her places , " she says . "  I saw a need for her to have a Big Sister to show her a better life . " Reynolds was matched with Nicole Marchand , a chief assistant district attorney in Atlanta , six years ago . Marchand learned early on the importance of giving back by watching her mother mentor co-workers and other women at their church . After graduating from law school , Marchand was ready to do the same for Reynolds . Marchand spent time with her twice a month and talked to her about making better choices . "  When you 're in an environment where that 's what you see , you do n't know you 're doing anything wrong . Leikia was reacting and behaving based on her surroundings , " Marchand says . "  I tried to give her a different perspective by letting her see the big picture . She was doing things and not evaluating what she did . ... I would make her answer some tough questions and give her some alternatives . " Reynolds quickly learned to walk away from fights . "  When I begin getting into it with people or females , I 'll call Nicole and we 'll start talking about it . She 'll say ignore it . Do n't worry about it . Do n't listen to it ... do n't be feeding into that kind of stuff , " she says . Marchand also helped Reynolds turn her grades around . She sat down with her early on to work through math problems , and she encouraged her to get tutoring and get involved in activities at school . "  I was headed down the wrong path , " Reynolds says . "  She helped me focus on the important things in life . ... I need to focus on school . At the end of the day , all I have is school to fall back on to take care of myself . " Along with finding time to impart knowledge , Marchand tried to expose Reynolds to things she otherwise would n't have been exposed to . She took her to her first concert , to sporting events and even to Disney World . In 2009 , when Marchand was an Atlanta Falcons cheerleader , she also encouraged Leikia to get involved in the Falcons Junior Cheerleader Program . "  It was fun to look across the field and see her , " Marchand says . "  I would tell all the girls on my team , ` That 's my mentee right there ! That 's Leikia ! ' ... It was very special for me . " But more importantly , Marchand wanted to create a special bond . "  She 's more than a Big Sister . She 's like my friend , my mom , everything , " Reynolds says . "  I feel like if I was to start doing the wrong thing , I could call on her . Or she would probably call me first to get me back on track . " Now a junior at Tech High School , Reynolds has brought her grades up , she goes to tutorial to get help with biology , and she 's the point guard on the basketball team . "  She 's a very energetic young lady . She 's a diligent worker on and off the court , " says Brian Jones , her basketball coach and physical education teacher . "  I can tell there 's a sense of accountability as it relates to her Big Sister . ... She has somebody that she 's looking up to that she respects very much . " Reynolds sees how far she 's come and has watched other teens get pregnant , drop out of school , get into fights and even spend time in jail . She knows her life could have gone in a similar direction if she had n't met Marchand . "  I 'd probably be at Crim -LSB- an alternative school -RSB- and just probably doing bad things , being ghetto and getting into a lot of fights all the time , " she says . Instead , Reynolds has dreams of going to college and becoming a forensic pathologist . She 's been on college tours with Marchand and with CREW Teens , a college and career readiness program . If she continues on this path , Reynolds will not only be the first in her family to go to college , but the first to graduate high school . "  I have big dreams for myself , " Reynolds says . "  If my grandma took care of me for so long , it 's time for me to return the favor . And since my dad is incarcerated , when he comes out , he 'll see that I 'll be the first in our family to go to college . And that I 'm really doing something with my life . "	Mentor visits helped Leikia Reynolds realize that education will help her succeed As Reynolds ' Big Sister , Nicole Marchand has exposed her to new experiences With Marchand 's help , Reynolds will be the first in her family to graduate from high school
CNN  -- The recently discovered Flame virus bears all the hallmarks of a cyberattack concocted by a nation-state . It 's big and complex and pointed directly at a geopolitical hot zone , Iran . What really gives it away as a government project is the extent to which its programmers sought to keep it out of civilian hands . The malware seems no more designed to protect us from a nuclear Iran than it is safeguarded to keep us from using the program itself against one another . Flame is sophisticated . It 's not a tiny piece of code that nests itself in e-mail and then erases your hard drive . It might better be described as a suite of programs -- the Microsoft Office of malware -- that perform different tasks . One turns on the microphone of a computer to record conversations ; another sets up a virtual machine on the computer to be controlled remotely ; another uses Bluetooth to connect to nearby cell phones and copy data or monitor phone calls . One compresses all this espionage into smaller files ; yet another sends data back to the master computer , accepts commands and installs new updates . This level of complexity and breadth of functionality is unparalleled . But , in the theater of cyberwarfare , every successful cyberattack can be considered the most advanced attack of all time . This is an arms race of a new sort , where measures and countermeasures change the entire programming landscape . The methods of previous attacks , once analyzed , are neutralized by new additions and patches to computer operating systems . This sends would-be infiltrators back to the drawing board to come up with new , superior approaches . Technological warfare is a bit like evolution , where new mutations compete for survival . Only on computers , we do n't have to wait for nature to spontaneously fold a chromosome in some new way . We have programmers actively looking for new windows of opportunity , new maneuvers , new countermeasures and new ways of hiding what they 're doing . It amounts to the weaponization of cyberspace -- a practice in which the U.S. government has apparently been participating , sometimes reluctantly , according to an article in The New York Times last week . The cybercampaign against Iran apparently began under the Bush administration working with Israel , and continued under Barack Obama , who voiced concern about the precedent America was setting . The resulting Stuxnet virus , aimed at disabling Iran 's nuclear refineries , ended up getting loose on the Internet in the summer of 2010 . The revelation of U.S. involvement with the virus worried Obama , according to the Times article , as it could justify future cyberattacks on Americans by enemies of the United States . Flame may or may not be another product of this same campaign . When asked about his nation 's complicity in the malware , Israeli Vice Prime Minister Moshe Ya'alon cheekily told Army Radio , "  Israel is blessed with high technology . " But the rest of us are blessed with high technology , too . What 's to keep malware such as Flame from being used against civilian populations or even by civilian populations ? Nations have been using computers for warfare since computers existed . The development of the modern computer was in no small part accelerated by World War II . America 's ENIAC computer calculated artillery trajectories , while Britain 's Colossus computer decoded the Nazi 's encrypted messages . At the time , however , computers were not household appliances . Like cannons and other weapons of war , they were tools of the state and inaccessible to regular folks . And while the current cyberwar may be a nation vs. nation affair , the kinds of technologies unleashed in this conflict are not beyond the technical capability of more rogue hackers and criminals . The same technologies that let the U.S. and Israel thwart Iran 's nuclear program can also enable , say , an Eastern European crime syndicate to participate in your banking activity . What makes Flame unique -- and almost certainly of government origin -- is that it appears to have been written in a way that not only slows detection and countermeasures , but that also slows the spread of its techniques . The complete suite of programs is over 20 megabytes . And while at first glance this seems to be a downside -- an elephant hiding in plain sight -- it has actually served to keep it unnoticed for at least two years . More importantly , it was made huge on purpose . Much of its code is simply camouflage -- 3,000 lines of programming that make it hard to understand and even harder for an enemy team of coders or even hackers in the civilian population to copy and use themselves . It 's as if its programmers were attempting to be responsible or at least exclusionary , and to prevent the weaponization of the greater Internet . Now that 's classic government behavior . It 's also probably futile . Such efforts will likely only slow this inevitable slide toward an Internet that feels as blocked by security checks as an international airport . For in truth , we are all blessed with high technology . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Flame virus attack on Iran has hallmarks of being concocted by nation-state He cites article saying Obama concerned that such an attack might someday be aimed at U.S. He asks : What 's to keep malware from being aimed at civilian populations ? Rushkoff : We are headed toward an Internet that 's blocked by airport-style security checks
Washington  CNN  -- Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , indicated Wednesday that the GOP-controlled House of Representatives will not back a resolution sponsored by Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , expressing congressional support for limited American involvement in the NATO-led military campaign in Libya . "  I do n't think that 's where the House is , " Boehner told reporters on Capitol Hill . "  The fact is the president has not made his case to the members of Congress . He has not made his case to the American people . " McCain 's resolution , introduced Tuesday along with Massachusetts Democrat John Kerry , authorizes the commitment of U.S. forces for one year while stressing the lack of support for any use of American ground troops . McCain , the GOP 's 2008 presidential nominee , said Tuesday he believes President Obama "  did the right thing by intervening  in Libya  to stop a looming humanitarian disaster . " House leaders are preparing to hold a vote on the McCain-Kerry measure , but are also considering another resolution that would strictly limit U.S. involvement in Libya to a noncombat role . House Republicans will meet behind closed doors Wednesday afternoon to discuss the issue . The allied military effort , which already has formal United Nations support , was launched to protect Libyan civilians from violence stemming from a crackdown launched by the North African country 's longtime ruler , Moammar Gadhafi . Western leaders have made clear , however , that they believe the mission can not be successfully completed without Gadhafi 's ouster . The Obama administration has already promised not to use U.S. ground troops , but bipartisan congressional opposition to the military campaign has been mounting . An unusual coalition has formed between traditionally anti-war Democrats and conservative Republicans worried about the cost of the conflict and skeptical of its national security importance . Support for the war has also been shaken by evidence presented by Gadhafi 's government of several noncombatant deaths caused by recent NATO airstrikes . NATO officials admitted over the weekend that aircraft from countries in the alliance had mistakenly struck vehicles aligned with the Libyan opposition . In addition , critics contend the administration has violated the 1973 War Powers Resolution , which gives the president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end hostilities . The combined 90-day period ended Sunday . The White House argues the president did n't need congressional authorization because U.S. forces are playing only a supporting role in Libya and have n't engaged in what the law defines as hostilities . Obama , however , personally overruled contrary legal opinions put forward by both the Pentagon and the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , according to a Saturday report in The New York Times . Boehner indicated Tuesday the House proposal seeking to limit U.S. forces to a noncombat role reflects growing frustration over Obama 's alleged failure to inadequately consult Congress . "  If the commander-in-chief believes that intervention in Libya is important for our national security , he has a responsibility to make a case for it -- clearly and publicly -- and seek authorization , " the speaker said in a written statement . "  In the three months since military action in Libya began , none of this has occurred . ... Congress has a responsibility to hold the White House accountable . " In the Senate , however , Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , have resisted holding a vote on the war because of divisions within their respective caucuses . Reid said Tuesday that there is bipartisan support for the McCain-Kerry resolution in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , but that he was still in discussion with the two sponsors on when to bring the measure from the panel to the Senate floor . He indicated it could be brought to the floor as early as this week . McConnell , meanwhile , told reporters that "  we all anticipate that there will be some kind of Libya debate in the Senate in the near future . " McCain has expressed anger that the White House did n't push for an earlier congressional vote on the war . The veteran senator , considered a leading voice on military matters , contends that a resolution of support would have passed easily when NATO first intervened . "  The administration 's disregard for the elected representatives of the American people on this matter has been troubling and counterproductive , " McCain said Tuesday . "  The unfortunate result of this failure of leadership is plain to see in the full-scale revolt ... that is occurring in the House of Representatives . " The House is also planning to take up the 2012 defense spending bill later this week , and liberal Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , intends to propose an amendment cutting off funding for the mission . However , that amendment is likely to only come up next month after the House returns from its Fourth of July recess . To prevent a similar resolution from Kucinich from passing earlier , Boehner pushed through a resolution giving the president two weeks to send Congress information justifying the U.S. strategy in Libya . Obama responded with a 32-page report arguing in part that he has not violated the War Powers Resolution . Even if the Republican-controlled House passes measures intended to limit funding for the Libya mission , it is unlikely the Senate would do the same . "  The president 's done a lousy job of communicating and managing our involvement in Libya , but I will be no part of an effort to defund Libya or to try to cut off our efforts to bring Gadhafi down , " conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . Obama "  needs to step up his game with Libya , but Congress should sort of shut up and not empower Gadhafi , " Graham argued . In March , the Senate unanimously passed a nonbinding resolution supporting the no-fly zone over Libya . Some Republicans , however , have now expressed opposition to that effort , citing growing concerns about its cost . In its report on the mission , the administration said the cost of military and humanitarian operations through June 3 was about $ 800 million . It estimated the total cost through September 30 would be $ 1.1 billion . Questions about the war 's financial and other costs have also been raised in the United Kingdom , which has played a leading role in the NATO effort . British Prime Minister David Cameron insists that Britain 's military involvement in the North African country can continue "  as long as we need . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Dan Lothian , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Speaker Boehner says the House wo n't back the McCain/Kerry resolution The House may consider a resolution limiting U.S. role to noncombat activities Senators Kerry and McCain introduce a resolution offering support for the Libya mission Pressure is mounting in the House to cut U.S. support for the NATO-led mission
CNN  -- We said we would , and you said , "  I do ! " CNN Living launched the Matrimony series in June , and we 've been thrilled to see an exuberant response from readers , eager to see their own experiences reflected , pick up some expert tips and do a little celebrity gawking while they 're at it . In 2014 , we 'll be delving even deeper into the wedding trenches with stories on over-the-top receptions , the evolving etiquette for same-sex ceremonies , the emotional lead-up to getting hitched , planning a wedding with a terminally ill partner and so much more . But until then , thanks for taking this walk down the aisle with us , and here 's a little souvenir from the year in weddings . The most clicked-on Matrimony stories in 2013 : 10 . The new wedding rules If Martha Stewart says so , it must be true ! Gone is the era of the cookie-cutter wedding ; you can celebrate your own way . Forget the "  have tos " and "  shoulds " about nuptials . There are no hard-and-fast rules . Except one : Be a gracious bride and groom while letting your true style shine . 9 . Wedding etiquette : To keep or to toss ? Good manners are always in style , but points of wedding etiquette can be safely wrapped up and tucked away in the attic without the world crumbling to dust and guests rending their garments and wailing . Matrimony editor Kat Kinsman took a look at traditional wedding practices from which we may now part . 8 . I do ... cost a lot : Weddings by the numbers All you need is love , right ? Sure , but a little cash ca n't hurt , especially when it 's time to get hitched . Weddings are big business across the United States . Michelle Hall and Lizzie Jury of the CNN Library tallied up some quick stats on how money meets matrimony and the most popular places and ages at which to pledge your eternal devotion . 7 . Plan a paw-sitively pet-friendly wedding Some people ca n't imagine taking the most important commitment in their life -- their wedding vows -- without their pet close at hand . CNN 's Ann Hoevel tracked down some expert advice on how to include four-legged friends in your special day without things getting too dog-gone crazy . 6 . Do n't waste money on your wedding ! Regrets : Brides and grooms have had a few . Sometimes , sadly , it 's over the person to whom they 've pledged their undying devotion . Other times , it 's about the cash they 've dropped on their wedding . So step away from the ice swan and back off from the gilded matchbox covers ; Kinsman shares some simple tips for how to save a few bucks and still stay stylish . 5 . Something borrowed : Wedding traditions from around the world For as long as couples have been tying the knot , the rites and customs of their cultures have been integral to marriage ceremonies . These rituals uphold tradition as time marches forth and families meld -- and they 're a wonderful opportunity to celebrate ancestors , origins and faith . Kinsman took a look at marriage customs from around the globe . 4 . Wedding photos : When snap-happy guests go too far 2013 was , no doubt , the most documented wedding year yet . From Twitter to Instagram to Facebook , guests and wedding party members alike posted images straight from the scene , sometimes using hashtags and apps so interested parties could follow along . But some of them took it a bit too far , getting in the way of professional photographers and turning a personal event into a public spectacle . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg shared perspectives on privacy from wedding participants on both sides of the aisle . 3 . Bling ! How stars put a ring on it Jay-Z did n't just put a ring on it ; he went above and beyond for wife BeyoncÃ © with a huge 18-carat diamond ring . Elle magazine zoomed in for 17 close-ups of the biggest celebrity sparklers . 2 . When God is n't on the guest list Atheists need love , too . They 'll even get legally hitched in the eyes of the government -- but not before a higher power in which they do n't believe . This can cause some upset for friends and relatives accustomed to church weddings , or at least a verse from Corinthians . Grinberg spoke with experts and atheist couples about how to prepare guests for a secular ceremony . 1 . I now pronounce me ... broke Stephanie Gallman is a CNN national desk assignment editor and a semi-professional wedding guest . She 's been a bridesmaid four times and stopped counting wedding attendances at 74 . In our most popular Matrimony feature of the year , Gallman shared some friendly advice for for guests worried about draining their wallets in celebration of their friends ' nuptials . Got a wedding topic you 'd like to see addressed in 2014 ? We 're listening !	Market research says there are more than 2 million weddings in the United States every year The average wedding cost is $ 28,427 , according to a survey by TheKnot.com 17 % of couples get married in June , making it the most popular month for weddings Las Vegas is the top wedding destination in the U.S.
CNN  -- Mark Webber has a maiden Formula One title in his sights to banish memories of an agonizing end to his 2010 campaign . The Australian led the crivers ' championship for Red Bull for most of the season only to be pipped at the post by team-mate Sebastian Vettel , who secured the title in the final race at Abu Dhabi . Webber 's year was dominated by controversy , as he accused his team of treating him as a "  number two driver " and had a high-profile collision with Vettel in the Turkish Grand Prix which cost them both the chance of victory . But despite missing out on the F1 crown , the 34-year-old says he has moved on from the disappointment of his near miss . "  I 'm completely over it , " he told the official Formula one website . "  Life goes on and I do n't feel any regret . It was quite a season . It was an incredible year . "  I lost the championship in the last race and over the whole season no one had a one-race lead over the other guys fighting for the title . I still think I had the opportunity to be the champion , but I did n't do it because I did n't get the job done on the track . "  Every race was alive . Even if we 'd had one more race after Abu Dhabi four guys could have still won the championship . He  Vettel  did a great job and deserved the championship . "  There been a lot of great moments for me , but of course I did n't get the jackpot . But I am still very proud of what happened . I am definitely looking to improve this year . " Away from the track , the relationship between Webber and Vettel was a running theme throughout the season as the pressure of the title race set in . But Webber says it is important for Red Bull that he and Vettel enjoy a harmonious start to the season . He said : "  I would say our relationship is pretty good at the moment . We had some contact over the winter -- not a huge amount , but enough I would say to have a good start into the season . "  I am not stupid and know that harmony in the team is important and the drivers play a key role in this . What is important is that we do n't destabilize the team . " Red Bull were propelled into the limelight as their drivers finished first and second in the title race , while the team romped away with the constructors ' championship . And Webber says Red Bull will come back stronger in 2011 as a result of the pressure they experienced during a record breaking season . "  Of course you always learn from such a situation . Probably everybody does -- not only the drivers . It was a new situation for us -- suddenly being the pacemaker on the grid . "  In the end it was a very , very successful season for the team so I would say we managed all the hiccups perfectly . You need to be flexible and adjust to what might happen . "  That 's what we 've learnt as a team . It was a new situation for everybody in the team , from the drivers to the management to everybody on the floor . "	Mark Webber aiming to end his Formula One title drought in the upcoming season Red Bull driver finished third in 2010 after leading most of the season Webber 's teammate Sebastian Vettel won the drivers ' championship Australian says his relationship with Vettel is ` pretty good '
CNN  -- Ukraine 's FC Dnipro earned a 1-0 victory over English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur as the knockout stages of the Europa League got underway on Thursday . Yevhen Konoplyanka scored from the penalty spot nine minutes from the end to hand the Ukrainian Premier League side a priceless lead ahead of next week 's return leg at White Hart Lane . The first leg at the Dnipro Arena was played in front of a sparse crowd following the terrible violence that has taken place in recent days on the streets of the capital Kiev , 280 miles  450 km  northwest . A national day of mourning was declared on Thursday following the loss of dozens of lives in anti-government protests . Both sets of players wore black armbands as a mark of respect to the dead and observed a minutes silence before the start of the match . Read more : Sergey Bubka urges Ukraine to end violence Once the game got underway Spurs dominated possession but it was the home side who made the most of their chances . Roberto Soldado should of put Spurs ahead in the 56th minute but fired over the bar from five yards after Paulinho had played in an inch-perfect cross from the right . Tim Sherwood 's side were made to pay for their profligacy when Jan Vertonghen brought down striker Matheus in the box before Konoplyanka scored from the spot kick to end Spurs ' 100 % record in the Europa League this season . Dynamo Kiev , who are currently lying third , one place above Dnipro , in the Ukrainian Premier League , had to have their last 32 first leg tie with Valencia moved to Cyprus because of the ongoing violence . The match played in the GSP Stadium in Cyprus ' capital Nicosia was won 2-0 by the Spanish side . In other matches , last season 's runners up Benfica beat Greek side PAOK Salonika while 2011 champions Porto could only manage a 2-2 draw against German side Eintracht Frankfurt . Italian clubs enjoyed a mixed time of it on Thursday with Fiorentina running out 3-1 winners against Dutch side Esbjerg . Serie A leaders Juventus , who finished third behind Galatasaray in the Champions League Group B last December , had better luck against fellow Turkish side Trabzonspor beating them 2-0 . Napoli , however , only managed a 0-0 draw with Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium and Lazio lost 1-0 to Bulgaria 's Ludogorets Razgrad at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome .	Ukraine 's FC Dnipro beat Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 in first leg of Europa League tie Dynamo Kiev lose 2-0 to Valencia in tie that was played in Cyprus Juventus make positive to Europa campaign following Champions League elimination
New York  CNN  -- Two life coaches who hosted a radio show called "  The Pursuit of Happiness " apparently committed suicide together in their Brooklyn apartment , police said . Motivational speaker John Littig , 48 , and his common-law psychotherapist wife , Lynne Rosen , 46 , were found with plastic bags over their heads and a tube attached to a canister of helium , according to police . Two suicide notes were found , police said . The manager of the building , Hasan Boztepe , 51 , said he smelled a strong odor coming from the apartment and broke down the door Monday morning after no one answered his repeated knocks . He found the bodies sitting on a couch , holding hands . The canister with an open valve was on Rosen 's right , he said . Boztepe said he also found two suicide notes , one apparently written by a man and one by a woman . In the man 's note , Boztepe remembered the words : "  I ca n't take it anymore , my wife is in too much pain . " "  I was shocked . I am still in shock . I feel so bad for these people , " Boztepe said . Screening for suicide : A psychiatrist 's take He said he knew the couple and stopped by the apartment last week to fix something for Littig . "  He walked me to the door and said ` thank you very much . ' He was a very nice guy -- and a couple of days later , this . " The couple 's radio show , "  The Pursuit of Happiness , " on WBAI-99 .5 FM focused on "  personal development , growth and creativity " according to their website . It was an hourlong show airing every other Thursday afternoon . "  RIP Lynne Rosen + John Littig . Partners on air and in life , " the station posted Thursday on Facebook and Twitter . The couple also led a life coaching consulting company , Why Not Now , offering coaching "  designed to help foster and encourage your inner strengths , " and "  put you confidently on the path to designing the life you 've always wanted to live , " according to their website . "  You should try to do something that scares you every day , " Littig said on a show in February . "  People really need to try to implement that into their lives , " Rosen later added . "  Even if it is small things and it feels scary ; but it 's a small step and it moves you forward toward your real self . " Opinion : America has to tackle its suicide problem	Motivational speaker John Littig and psychotherapist Lynne Rosen are found dead Apartment manager : Note said , "  I ca n't take it anymore , my wife is in too much pain . " Their "  Pursuit of Happiness " radio show spoke of personal development and growth
CNN  -- Sina Weibo , China 's most popular microblogging platform , has introduced a VIP paid membership package in an effort to monetize its vast community of 324 million users who use its services for free . The VIP membership includes fifteen "  special privileges " under the categories of user personalization , functions , mobile phone , and security . These perks range from using fancier homepage templates , following a higher number of users , and receiving SMS birthday alerts and password reminders . Users can increasingly access these features , as they progress through six different levels of membership based on points awarded for usage . A one-month subscription is priced at 10 RMB  US$ 1.57  . Discounts are offered for longer subscriptions of three months to two years . The VIP package has generally been met with muted enthusiasm by industry analysts . The free features of the site are sufficient for users , You Tianyu , an analyst at Beijing-based internet consultancy iResearch , told state newspaper , Global Times . He predicted the premium services would not be significantly profitable and recommended that Sina concentrate on advertising and gaming revenues . This move follows monetization initiatives introduced last year , such as "  Weibi " virtual currency and "  Weihao " custom account numbers . Sina Corporation , which also operates the popular Sina web portal , reported a net loss of US$ 13.7 million for the first quarter of 2012 , despite a 6 % year-on-year increase in net revenue to $ 106.2 million .	Sina Weibo , China 's most popular microblogging platform , has introduced a VIP paid membership package Weibo 's VIP membership includes fifteen special features for a monthly price of 10 RMB  US$ 1.57 The move is intended to monetize Weibo , as Sina Corporation posted a Q1 2012 loss of US$ 13.7 million
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London 's newest hotelier Mark Fuller is showing commendable bravado for someone about to open a luxury hotel during a global recession . Entrepreneur Mark Fuller in the Sanctum Soho hotel , a rock 'n' roll "  haven of hedonism " in London . "  F *** the recession , let 's get on with it , " he says , while sitting on the roof terrace of the Sanctum Soho , a 30-room establishment dubbed the rock 'n' roll hotel , as much for its "  anything goes " service philosophy as the pedigree of its owners , which include the co-managers of heavy metal band Iron Maiden . "  We do not recognize there is a credit crunch because we believe you should battle through it , " Fuller says , adding , "  If you get panicky and scary about things like this , you 're no man at all . " Besides , he admits , three years ago when he started working on the concept of an ` alluring haven of hedonism '  as the hotel is described on its Web site  , the credit crunch did n't exist . And by the time it hit , it was too late to pull out . "  We would n't do anyway , " Fuller insists , adding "  fortune favors the brave , as they say . " See images of the rock star hotel " The former band manager turned entrepreneur , is looking quite the rock star tonight , decked head-to-toe in black while a shiny silver skull stares ominously from his belt buckle . Downstairs , staff are frantically preparing for a launch party that promises to be heavy on champagne , cocktails and celebrities . It 's almost like the crunch does n't exist . This is Fuller 's world and he 's hoping plenty of people will want to join it . "  In every downturn in the economic climate I think people look for some affordable glamour and escape , " he says . Fuller also owns and runs the Embassy Hotel , an exclusive nightclub in the upmarket London suburb of Mayfair which he plans to franchise in Dubai , Istanbul and Abu Dhabi . The partners in his new hotel venture ooze rock credential : Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor . While Taylor has experience running a restaurant and hotel , "  The Inn on the Green , " Smallwood 's experience in the hotel industry is based on 30 years on the road with Iron Maiden . Last year he stayed in 80 hotels in 40 countries and one of his biggest gripes is returning to his hotel after a gig and finding the bar is closed . "  You want good service , and you want the bars open , and you want good food available , " he says from the roof terrace equipped with a bar and Jacuzzi he 's taken to calling "  my lounge . " Smallwood expects to stay in the hotel once a week and says it will become a London bolt-hole for the band . While non-music types and the tone-deaf are welcome to stay in the hotel , over-enthusiastic groupies are not . "  If you 're on the road for three months , you can never escape , " Smallwood says . "  The fans , some of them , think they have a God-given right , just because they 're staying in the same hotel , to put a camera in your face over your cornflakes . " "  The rule here is no autographs and no photographs , " he says firmly . "  Say Paul Weller is sitting in the corner having a beer , and you go and ask for an autograph or photograph , you will not stay here again . " Along with privacy and a beer at all hours , guests have access to an on-call guitar doctor , a necessity , apparently , if you break a string while strumming in your room . Guests who have inadvertently left their guitar at home can hire one from reception . The rock star concept extends to the room decor . The silver wallpaper and mirrored columns may appear garish in daylight , but at 3 a.m. one suspects they add a touch of glamour . Free standing baths are a bold leap from the bed and the mini bar is well-stocked with champagne . Rod Smallwood is confident the concept will work . "  Recession or no recession , we 're talking about 30 rooms in a huge major city . If we ca n't sell 30 rooms in the depths of recession it means we 're useless , and we know we 're not . " Mark Fuller says he 's selling more than a hotel room . In times of economic crisis the Sanctum Soho offers the chance to forget the mortgage and live like a rock star , if only for a day . "  You can sit in the restaurant and have a hamburger for seven pounds  $ 10  , " he says . "  The drinks are cheaper than most hotels , and probably cheaper than most nightclubs . The room accommodation runs everywhere from # 125  $ 255  straight up to # 450  $ 650  . Take your pick . Cut your coat . " I mishear him . "  Cut your coke ? " I ask . "  No , you ca n't do that ! " he exclaims . "  Musicians are not like that anymore , " Fuller says . "  The music industry is such now that people release CDs to support tours , not the other way around , so this is a professional state . "  I just do n't want to be the hotel at the end of the tour , then I 'm in danger , " he laughs .	Entrepreneur braves recession to open rock 'n' roll hotel in London 's Soho Sanctum Soho offers roof terrace with 24 hour bar , Jacuzzi , guitar doctors Rooms sparkle with silver wallpaper , free standing baths and champagne Backers include Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor
CNN Student News  -- October 14 , 2014 Geography , weather , civics and science all factor heavily into our show this Tuesday . We cover meteorological and mysterious events in Asia , and we bring you a report on a how a college project turned into a NASA drone that could help explore the universe . Also featured : counter-protests in Hong Kong and a unique view of our nearest star . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Washington  CNN  -- Noisy protests at military funerals , immigration reform and violent video games were among the issues on the Supreme Court 's docket as the high court began its new term Monday . The term also marks the debut of Justice Elena Kagan on the Supreme Court and the first time three women are serving on the nine-justice panel . Roughly 52 appeals are currently on the high court 's schedule . About another two dozen are expected to be added in coming months . But Kagan , 50 , will recuse herself from at least 24 cases already on the docket . That means she will not sit in oral arguments or vote on the outcomes . As the former Solicitor General in the Justice Department , it was Kagan 's job to supervise all pending appeals at the high court , and she has withdrawn from those cases in which she was involved or which might present a conflict of interest . The caseload for the term is usually settled by February . Other controversial appeals that might get added to the high court 's docket cover issues related to same-sex marriage , terrorism and health care reform , among other things . Here are some key cases the Supreme Court is scheduled to tackle in its 2010-2011 term : MILITARY FUNERALS - Snyder v. Phelps  arguments on Wednesday , October 6 AT ISSUE : A balancing test between the privacy rights of grieving families and the free speech/assembly rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message . THE CASE : A small Kansas church has gained national attention for protesting loudly at funerals of U.S. service members , promoting their anti-homosexual message . Albert Snyder , the father of a U.S. Marine killed in Iraq sued after members of the Topeka-based Westboro Baptist Church conducted an angry demonstration at his son 's burial service . The family of the Marine won a $ 5 million judgment from the protesters . The ruling , however , was later overturned by a federal appeals court , which said the protest did not directly refer to the lance corporal , and therefore was protected speech on an issue of national debate . THE ARGUMENTS : The church , led by pastor Fred Phelps , believes God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . The marchers say they obey local rules over where they can gather to protest . The Snyder family says their son was not gay , and the emotional wounds from the protest have yet to heal . They have the support of a number of members of Congress , 48 states and the District of Columbia . THE IMPACT : The court 's ruling could set new guidelines on a broad range of speech-related events , including protests . Several states have attempted to impose specific limits on when and where the church can protest . The justices may be asked to address how far states and private entities like cemeteries and churches can go to justify policies meant to silence or restrict demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting . DEATH PENALTY - Skinner v. Switzer  09-9000   arguments Wednesday , October 13 AT ISSUE : A Texas death row inmate claiming innocence is demanding authorities conduct more thorough DNA testing of evidence gathered at the crime scene . THE CASE : Henry "  Hank " Skinner , 47 , was convicted of the New Year 's Eve 1993 killings of his live-in girlfriend and her two adult sons . The justices issued a stay less than 30 minutes before his scheduled March 24 execution . THE ARGUMENTS : In a recent death row interview , Skinner told CNN that if he loses this appeal , an innocent man will be put to death . He claims that new analysis of certain untested DNA samples would clear him and determine the real killer . The state says he is not entitled to testing of evidence that was not analyzed before his 1995 trial . It also claims the wealth of forensic evidence available -- evidence reviewed repeatedly by various state and federal courts -- points to his undeniable guilt . IMPACT : What if an executed prisoner is later found to be innocent ? Other inmates have recently pushed "  actual innocence claims , " prompted by growing use of DNA testing on old evidence . A court ruling could make such claims easier or harder to pursue in the future . VIOLENT VIDEO GAMES - Schwarzenegger v. Entertainment Merchants  08-1448   arguments on Tuesday , November 2 AT ISSUE : A free speech dispute over a California law banning the sale of violent video games to children . THE CASE : A 2005 state law -- designed to strengthen the current industry-controlled rating system -- would have placed an outright ban on the sale or rental of games deemed excessively "  violent " to those under 18 . As defined by California , such interactive games are those in which the player is given the choice of "  killing , maiming , dismembering or sexually assaulting an image of a human being " in offensive ways . Retailers could be fined up to $ 1,000 for any violation . The law is in limbo pending the high court 's ruling . THE ARGUMENTS : Video game makers said the ban goes too far against their free speech rights , and the existing industry-imposed , nationwide voluntary ratings system is an adequate screen for parents to judge the appropriateness of computer games . The state says it has a legal obligation to protect children when the industry has failed to do so . THE IMPACT : The motion picture industry has its own self-monitoring ratings system , imposed decades ago after complaints that some films were too explicit for the general audience in what was seen and heard . A high court ruling allowing greater government control over the evaluation of expressive content could be applied to other media . The Supreme Court in recent years has thwarted repeated congressional attempts to protect children from pornography , saying such legislation went too far in limiting adult access to lawful but explicit sexual content on the internet . The court has also said in various contexts that minors enjoy a variety of free-expression rights . SCHOOLS-RELIGION - Arizona Christian School Tuition Org . v. Winn  09-987  ; Garriott v. Winn  09-991   arguments Wednesday , November 3 AT ISSUE : A lawsuit challenging Arizona 's tax breaks for donations to private school scholarships . THE CASE : The 13-year-old program provides dollar-for-dollar income tax writeoffs for donations to organizations providing aid covering school tuition . Some Arizona taxpayers have challenged the program as unconstitutional , because religious organizations award most of the scholarships and require children to enroll in religious schools . THE ARGUMENTS : The suit says the program amounts to an unconstitutional state endorsement of religion . But in 2002 , the Supreme Court upheld school voucher programs , and supporters of the Arizona measure say it is no different from a Cleveland , Ohio , program permitted eight years ago . In both cases , the government does not direct any money to religious schools . THE IMPACT : Taken separately , disputes over education and religion are among the most contentious issues the high court faces . This case has become a hotly contested political and legal fight . The program 's supporters call it "  private charity , " saying it has been a boon to school choice ; contributions have risen to the tens of millions of dollars . Opponents call it a government spending program , and claim that private schools serve as willing state surrogates . IMMIGRATION REFORM - Chamber of Commerce v. Whiting  09-115   arguments Wednesday , December 8 AT ISSUE : Do federal immigration laws trump state efforts to crack down on businesses that hire illegal aliens ? THE CASE : In 2007 , Arizona passed the Legal Arizona Workers Act , allowing the state to suspend the licenses of businesses that "  intentionally or knowingly " violate work-eligibility verification requirements . Companies would be required under that law to use E-Verify , a federal database to check the documentation of current and prospective employees . THE ARGUMENTS : In its lawsuit , the Chamber of Commerce argues federal law prohibits Arizona and other states from making E-Verify use mandatory . The state argues its broad licensing authority gives it the right to monitor businesses within its jurisdiction . The Obama administration recommended review . IMPACT : This case could serve as a bellwether to a larger , more controversial state immigration law from Arizona . That statute was tossed out by a federal judge in August and is currently pending at a federal appeals court . It would , among other things , give police authority to check a person 's immigration status if officers have a "  reasonable suspicion " that individual is in the country illegally . Kagan has withdrawn from the E-Verify case after her earlier involvement in the appeal process while serving as the solicitor general in the Obama administration . Last week , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy  D-Vermont  proposed legislation that would allow a retired Supreme Court justice to sit on the high court if an existing justice recuses himself or herself from a case . "  Under the proposed bill , the active justices of the Supreme Court would be permitted to vote to designate a retired Supreme Court justice , " a statement on Leahy 's website says . "  The proposed legislation would also allow the Court to preempt potential 4-4 split decisions , in which the decision of a lower court stands . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	About 52 appeals are on the Supreme Court 's schedule for the 2010-2011 term Issues include immigration reform , violent video games and military funerals Justice Elena Kagan will recuse herself from at least 24 cases Lawmaker to propose bill allowing retired Justice to sit in on cases of recusal
Washington  CNN  -- When the Bureau of Land Management retreated from a standoff with Cliven Bundy , a few hundred people traveled to his Nevada ranch to protest what they see as an overreach of the federal government . One protester from neighboring Utah , Stephen L. Dean , 45 , called the Bureau of Land Management 's actions "  tyranny in government . " And a banner at the protest site blared : "  Has the West been won ? Or has the fight just begun ! " Showdown on the range The Bundy standoff is emblematic of the larger anti-government sentiment around the country that has been amplified with the creation of the tea party movement in 2009 . But the latest move in a two-decade-long tug of war between Bundy and the federal government is bringing to light the delicate balance that has lasted between citizens in the West and the federal government over the use of federally owned land for generations . Private rancher on public lands ? Bundy tends his 900 cattle grazing on taxpayer-owned land about 100 miles north of Las Vegas . To an East Coast dweller , the concept of public lands can be a foreign one , as people own or rent their plot of space in urban , suburban and commuter towns that crowd the Eastern Seaboard . But out West , public lands are a big deal . Almost everyone uses them or depends on them . They are key to people 's recreational hiking , fishing , hunting and skiing . And they are critical to people 's livelihood , as they are used to cut timber , drill oil , mine coal and ranch cattle . Vast swaths of the land in the West are predominately public . In Nevada , for example , 87 % of the state is owned by the federal government , and the BLM oversees 245 million acres of public lands mostly west of the Mississippi River , not including the lands overseen by the National Forest Service and half a dozen other federal agencies . "  Public lands are true assets of the U.S. , " said Bob Abbey , former director of the Bureau of Land Management . Reid calls Bundy , supporters ` domestic terrorists ' How did Bundy ever get use of federal lands ? In Nevada , ranchers depend on the federal lands for their livelihood . The government began allowing the use of the land in 1877 to promote the economic development of dry , difficult-to-cultivate desert areas . So it offered land for dirt cheap . Bundy says his family has owned the ranch since about the time the Desert Land Act passed . A version of the law still exists today , allowing ranchers to graze their cattle on public lands for a nominal rate . The fee is cheaper than what the rancher would pay the state or a private land owner , but the tradeoff is that the rancher has to share the land with the public . Feds end roundup , release cattle after showdown The history This is not the first standoff between public land users and the government . The most famous one , the Sagebrush Rebellion in the 1970s , pitted ranchers , loggers and miners against the federal government . They thought the Jimmy Carter administration was too heavy-handed in its regulatory and environmental policies . Former Nevada state Sen. Dean Rhoads , who is also a rancher , led the negotiations with the federal government , which he said were peaceful and productive . Ronald Reagan , Carter 's opponent in the 1980 presidential election , sided with the Sagebrush rebels , saying , "  The next administration wo n't treat the West as if it were not worthy of attention . The next administration will reflect the values and goals of the Sagebrush Rebellion . Indeed , we can turn the Sagebrush Rebellion into the Sagebrush Solution . " Reagan was a former governor of California , where the federal government owns roughly half the state 's land Since then , the BLM and the corresponding state agency have confiscated cattle from violators , but nothing escalated to the temperature of the Bundy Ranch situation . The Bureau of Land Management The BLM is a federal agency that operates predominantly in the West and is in charge of managing these lands . It must balance the desires of ranchers , environmentalists , recreationalists , and industrialists . "  I think a lot of people who live in the East do n't understand the BLM , " said Abbey , the former director . Jon Griggs is manager of the 200,000-acre Maggie Creek Ranch in Elko , Nevada , a third of which uses public lands . He says he 's sympathetic to the BLM , citing its difficult job . "  A lot of times they do n't make anybody happy , " he said , because the bureau is responsible for managing lands for so many uses . "  I think that folks on the ground at BLM are good folks trying to do the best they can . " But this system unique to the United States brings conflict . The environmentalists The balance between conservation and public use is a major source of tension when overseeing government land . The desert tortoise is a factor in the Bundy equation , and the rancher was ordered to remove his cattle from public lands in 1993 after the tortoise was placed on the protected species list . Bundy refused to comply , and he racked up more than $ 1 million in fines . Brian O'Donnell , executive director at the Conservation Lands Foundation , called Bundy "  one of the most selfish and irresponsible users of public land that I 've ever witnessed . " "  The key tenet in public lands in America is they belong to all of us , " he said . When one person puts his "  own selfish interest above everyone else 's , the whole system falls apart . " Ranchers ' sentiment The Bundy situation is a common topic of conversation in rural Nevada , a part of the country filled with libertarian sentiment distrustful of the government , Griggs said . And like his , he said people 's feelings are mixed . While the ranch manager is sympathetic to the BLM 's mission , he said its tactics were the wrong approach . Griggs said he understands where Bundy is coming from , saying the BLM "  put his back up against the wall . " But Griggs also said that Bundy lost all efforts at appeal and that now he should follow the law . "  I think it 's a mess any way you slice it , " he said . ` Welfare ranchers ' Because of the cheap rent , some , including fellow cattlemen who do n't ranch on public lands , call public land ranchers "  welfare ranchers " and have no sympathy for the Western lot . But Griggs said they do n't understand that ranching public land is "  not a bargain . " "  On public lands , you might get kicked off at any moment for a turtle . That 's kind of the deal , " he said . Rhoads , the former Nevada state senator , said 600 ranchers are currently paying their fees to the federal government for use of the land . He says that because of Bundy , people will "  think that us in Nevada are getting away with not paying the government what it owes them . " The politics Unsurprisingly , Bundy has become a political symbol . Senate Majority Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called him a "  domestic terrorist . " "  These people who hold themselves out to be patriots are not , " he said in Las Vegas . Democratic Rep. Dina Titus told journalist John Ralston that Bundy is "  not a folk hero , " Ralston tweeted , but said Reid should n't call him a terrorist . But libertarian-minded Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky criticized the federal government 's response , saying it "  should n't violate the law , nor should we have 48 federal agencies carrying weapons and having SWAT teams . " "  Can everybody decide what the law is on their own ? No , there has to be a legal process , " he said on WHAS radio in Louisville . "  But I think there is definitely a philosophic debate over who should own the land . " The future The BLM might have lost the latest battle with Bundy , but it has other tools at its disposal , including arresting Bundy for failing to follow the law , seizing his assets through the Treasury Department or sending the case to the Department of Justice . The agency has not yet said what its next course of action will be , but former BLM director Abbey said that it must prevail because of the precedent it would set . If Bundy gets away with illegally grazing on lands and not paying fines , it could encourage other ranchers to follow suit . While Bundy is a source of contention , ranchers out West are watching the BLM 's next steps in the Bundy standoff , and they are worried about the BLM 's next major action : Conservationists are asking for protection for the sage grouse . The Nevada Cattlemen 's Association says the BLM 's draft proposal includes "  overly burdensome grazing requirements . " It would also reduce the number of grazing permits .	Bundy Ranch supporters say the federal government is trampling on its rights But not all ranchers in Nevada support rancher Cliven Bundy The use of public lands out West is critical to people 's livelihood
CNN  -- A typhoon off the coast of the Philippines is fueling monsoon rains , which flooded the capital city of Manila and could trigger flash floods and landslides , forecasters said on Wednesday . The Philippine government said Typhoon Kabayan was expected to enhance the monsoon over the entire island of Luzon , where Manila is located , according to the country 's National Disaster Risk Reduction Management Council . The storm system has maximum winds of 102 mph  165 kph  and gusts over 124 mph  200 kph  , the council reported . It is forecast to be about 100 miles off the coast of Okinawa , Japan , by Thursday evening . The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration said that the western part of Luzon will experience monsoon rains on Wednesday , which could cause flash floods and landslides . The typhoon was reported to be some 656 miles  1,055 km  east-northeast of Basco , Batanes early Wednesday morning . Government officials said relief goods have been positioned in areas that could be affected by the typhoon , according to the Philippines News Agency . Officials suspended government work and college classes Tuesday because of the heavy rains , the agency said . Veronica Lon , a CNN iReporter , said about 35 % of metropolitan Manila is submerged under water and hundreds of families are in evacuation centers . "  This is a unusual scene in our city and always , it only takes a few minutes for the flood to form , " Lon said . "  More than half the city and about 75 % of metro Manila area had floods , " she said .	NEW : Flash floods and landslides are possible , forecasters say Typhoon Kabayan strengthens monsoon over the island of Luzon Storm has winds over 102 mph Government officials cancel government work , college classes
CNN  -- As President Obama and Mexican President Felipe Calderon talk tough about cracking down on the deadly drug war , the United States is changing tactics in the battle against illegal narcotics at home . Legalizing marijuana is off the table , the White House says . The man Obama picked to be the new "  drug czar , " Gil Kerlikowske , has made it clear that the United States is going to do a better job of treating addicts to try to reduce the demand for narcotics . Kerlikowske , 59 , is a military veteran with 36 years of law enforcement experience . The drug czar oversees an agency that sets the country 's drug-control strategy . The White House and Congress want to see more drug courts , and increased funding for the program 250 percent in the spending bill signed in March . It 's a campaign pledge that the Obama administration thinks will give nonviolent offenders "  a chance to serve their sentence , where appropriate , in the type of drug rehabilitation programs that have proven to work better than a prison term in changing bad behavior , " according to the White House Web site . Judge Paul Gluchowski , who works with the Prince William County Juvenile Drug Court in Virginia , dismissed the notion that a drug treatment program is the easy way out . Watch what it 's like inside the drug court " If anyone thinks that , he said he 'd tell them they should "  come and talk to some of the participants . A lot of them probably wish they never agreed to undergo drug court . And a lot of them have given up because it 's too hard . " Those who slip up in drug court can be forced to wear ankle-monitoring bracelets or put into juvenile detention . "  If they do n't give up , then when it comes time for graduation and you see the shine on their face , when you know that they have accomplished something , and they know that . That 's what it 's all about , " Gluchowski said . Vice President Joe Biden stressed the importance of drug courts and prisoner re-entry programs when he announced Kerlikowske 's position in March , saying they "  can serve as the light at the end of the tunnel , of a very long , long dark tunnel , for those who are stuck in the cycle of drug addiction and incarceration . " Kerlikowske said he was committed to tackling the nation 's drug problem , but noted that it would take a "  coordinated and multifaceted effort . " "  The success of our efforts to reduce the flow of drugs is largely dependent on our ability to reduce demand for them , " Kerlikowske said , calling the nation 's drug problem one of "  human suffering . " "  It requires prosecutors and law enforcement , courts , treatment providers and prevention programs to exchange information and to work together . And our priority should be a seamless , comprehensive approach , " he said . In meeting with Calderon on Thursday , Obama tried to show Mexico 's president that he is committed to ending a crisis that hits so close to home . Obama vowed to beef up security along the border and to work to slow the flow of guns and drugs . He said the United States shares responsibility for the drug problem , saying "  a demand for these drugs in the United States is what is helping to keep these cartels in business . " But he also tried to limit expectations that there could be any sort of quick fix . "  Now , are we going to eliminate all drug flows ? Are we going to eliminate all guns coming over the border ? That 's not a realistic objective , " he said . "  What is a realistic objective is to reduce it so significantly , so drastically that it becomes once again a localized criminal problem , as opposed to a major structural problem that threatens stability in communities along those borders . " The White House has listened to those who say legalizing marijuana will pull the rug from under the violent cartels in Mexico and boost the U.S. economy , but that option is not on the table . Asked Thursday if that is something realistic , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano quickly responded , "  No , it is not . " Sixty percent of drug criminals sent to prison re-offend , compared to 17 percent of graduates of drug court , according to the National Association of Drug Court Professionals . Drug policy experts like those numbers , but say the nation needs more treatment options . "  For individuals who do n't have the resources , do n't have public health insurance , ca n't afford it themselves , the single best way that they can access treatment is to get arrested , " said Ryan King , a policy analyst with the Sentencing Project . "  And that 's wrong . What we need to do is make sure for every American that is abusing drugs and wants to stop , that they have the resources made available to them , regardless of whether they can afford them . " CNN 's Jim Acosta and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Drug court supporters say program is more effective than jail time Biden stresses the importance of drug courts in announcing new drug czar Obama vows crackdown on drug war but says stopping all drug flow is unrealistic Legalizing marijuana is not an option , White House says
A German tourist bitten by a shark while she was vacationing in Hawaii died Wednesday , a week after the attack , her family said . Jana Lutteropp was remembered by her mother , Jutta Lutteropp , and sister , Julia Broeske , as "  a very beautiful , strong young woman who was always laughing , and we will forever remember her that way . " "  Jana fought hard to stay alive , " her relatives said . "  However , we are sad to say that she lost her fight today . " Shark bites teen 's legs in latest attack in Hawaii The woman , believed to be about 20 years old , was snorkeling about 50 yards off the Hawaiian island of Maui when a shark severed her right arm around 4:40 p.m. on August 14 , authorities said . "  The water was choppy with limited visibility " at the time , the county of Maui noted on its Facebook page . Two male friends , who were nearby in the water , and a kayaker carried Lutteropp out of the water . First responders found her unconscious and took her to Maui Medical Center , said Lee Mainaga of the Maui Fire Department said . She was initially listed in critical condition . Shark attack claims Brazilian teen 's life The incident spurred authorities to shut down beaches one mile on each side of where the attack happened . By noon the next day , Thursday , the beach reopened , according to the county . Lutteropp had traveled to Hawaii after finishing her year as an au pair , according to Cultural Care Au Pair , the agency she 'd worked with . The agency said Wednesday , on its Facebook page , that Lutteropp died "  surrounded by her family . " "  Please join us in keeping them in your thoughts and prayers , " Cultural Care said . This shark attack is the fourth in Maui this year , with two happening on the same day in February , and the other in late July . Four days after the Maui incident , in Pohoiki Bay on what 's known as the Big Island , a gray shark bit a 16-year-old across both legs as he was surfing , CNN affiliate KHON reported . While shark attacks have been on the uptick in recent years , according to the University of Florida , the fatality rate in the United States is just 2 % .	Victim had gone to Hawaii after working a year as an au pair , agency says Jana Lutteropp dies a week after being bitten by a shark off Maui Her family describes her as "  a very beautiful , strong , young woman " Shark attacks have risen in recent years ; just 2 % are fatal , report finds
CNN  -- Just as Egypt 's revolution took the world by surprise , so did President Mohamed Morsy 's unexpected assertion of presidential power so soon after he came into office . On August 12 , Morsy forced Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi and his heir apparent , Lt. Gen. Sami Anan , to retire . No one was prepared for Morsy , a former leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , to pull the proverbial rug out from under the two most powerful and widely hated military officials and to reassert civilian power . In hindsight , Morsy foreshadowed his move against the military in his inaugural speech when he declared that "  no institution is above the state . " In what has become almost second nature in Egypt since the revolution , people took to the streets to express their political views . Following Morsy 's announcement , Tahrir Square was instantly filled with supporters -- a powerful reminder of who motivated Morsy to make his bold move . While ordinary people have shown their approval , the same forces that supported Hosni Mubarak 's regime now insinuate that Morsy has taken his first step toward dictatorship . They dismiss the possibility that Morsy is fulfilling hopes of the revolution that brought him to power , and that he has a right to claim powers that come with his presidency . By unseating Tantawi and Anan , Morsy responded to the longstanding demands of the revolutionary forces as well as ridding Egypt of the handicap of a two-heads-of-state system . "  Down , down with military rule " has been chanted by revolutionaries since Tantawi replaced Mubarak . No wonder the activist Wael Ghonim and the Revolution Continues coalition were among the first to publicly support Morsy 's brilliant tactic . Morsy himself has explained that he has acted in the interests of the nation by fulfilling the aspirations of the revolution . However , much more needs to be done . The revolutionaries have called for the retrial of Mubarak 's acquitted regime heads and prosecution of Tantawi and Anan for their crimes against civilian protesters . Morsy has opted instead for a more pragmatic "  safe exit " for Tantawi and Anan , even bestowing them with decorations on their way out . Morsy should pardon more if not all civilian protesters -- some 12,000 in total -- who are still being held in military detention . So far , Morsy appears to be sensitive to the Egyptian street . Recognizing his own diminishing popularity as well as the declining approval ratings of the Muslim Brotherhood and the Parliament that it dominates , Morsy may feel the need to do more before August 24 , when nationwide demonstrations against the Muslim Brotherhood are scheduled to take place . The two hard-won gains of the revolution -- civic participation and democratic processes -- have empowered Egyptians to engage actively in politics . The real force behind any change in Egypt comes down to ordinary citizens who flex their political muscles . Wagih El Akkad , a taxi driver in Cairo who voted for the first time in 67 years , spoke for many when he said : "  I did n't like either of them  presidential candidates Morsy and Ahmed Shafik  , but I like the system . ... You have to take risks to bring about change , but these things take time . " Everywhere in Cairo , people are talking politics . Nothing , including the opaque control of possibly 40 % of the Egyptian economy by military-connected entities , is taken for granted . For Morsy , it might have been riskier not to act . Egyptians are growing impatient with the lack of noticeable change in political life while the country 's economy continues to slump . Gallup 's Egypt polls indicate that Islamist voters have the same priorities for government as secular voters : economic growth and security . Distractions like the social issues pursued by the Brotherhood-dominated Parliament will not satisfy most Egyptians . Maybe this is why a Morsy representative announced that the president is inclined to further changes , including reforming the unpopular Constituent Assembly , which is charged with writing the Constitution . The jury is still out on Morsy . He will be hard-pressed to meet the demands of economic and social justice that fueled the revolution . Morsy 's new appointments send mixed signals . He replaced Tantawi with Gen. Abdul al-Sisi as defense minister . Although al-Sisi has good relations with the U.S. , he is known for defending the barbaric "  virginity tests " performed by the military during the revolution . Arguably , the appointment of reformist judge Mahmoud Mekki as vice president  which has garnered little attention in the West  holds greater promise and significance for Egypt 's future . What will Morsy do next ? Will he deliver what the revolutionaries have hoped for ? Or will he move in the Brotherhood 's regressive direction , evident in their recent censorship of the press ? We will find out soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Schneider and Khaled Abol Naga .	Cynthia Schneider , Khaled Naga : Egypt 's new president took the world by surprise Schneider , Naga : President Morsy forced two powerful military officials to retire They say perhaps Morsy is genuine about fulfilling the aspirations of the revolution Schneider , Naga : The jury is still out on Morsy , early signs are mixed so far
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Members of a Colombian leftist rebel group released two more longtime prisoners Wednesday afternoon , bringing the total released since February 9 to six , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known by the Spanish acronym FARC , freed Police Maj. Guillermo Solorzano and Army Cpl. Salin Antonio Sanmiguel Valderrama on Wednesday afternoon in a rural area located in the departments of Cauca and Valley of the Cauca in southwest Colombia , the Red Cross said in a news release . Solorzano had spent three years and eight months in captivity ; Sanmiguel had been held for two years and eight months , it said . Both men were handed over to former Sen. Piedad Cordoba , ICRC representatives and a member of the group Colombian Men and Women for Peace , the Red Cross said . The freed men were being taken to the city of Cali in a helicopter donated by the government of Brazil . From there , they were to travel to Bogota to reunite with their families . "  It pleases us that the relatives can be with their loved ones whom they have been waiting for for a long time , " said Christophe Beney , the International Red Cross 's chief in Colombia . "  We are very satisfied that , in the end , the agreements assumed by the sides , as much by the Colombian government as by the FARC , have been carried out . " With the handover , the number of people freed by the FARC since February 9 rises to six , the Red Cross said . The releases came three days after an initial attempt to retrieve the hostages failed when coordinates for their location proved to be inaccurate . Solorzano , Sanmiguel , and police patrolman Carlos Alberto Ocampo were to have be released Sunday , but only Ocampo was freed . Colombian authorities were upset at what they said were wrong coordinates given by the Marxist guerrilla group . In December , the FARC pledged to release five hostages as a humanitarian gesture . Wednesday 's releases surpassed that number by one . Some have suggested the hostage releases could fuel renewed negotiations between Colombia 's government and the rebels . One of the freed hostages called for dialogue between the government and insurgents . "  Humanitarian exchange is the first step toward a friendly understanding , which permits the return of our brothers deprived of their liberty , " politician Armando Acuna said last week after his release . But Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has sharply criticized the FARC , accusing the group of having a "  double standard " and creating an "  absurd media show " in order to draw sympathy to its cause . He said last week that he was tempted to call off the rescue mission after learning that two workers from the Carton de Colombia company had been kidnapped the night before in southwestern Colombia .	The two men were released in southwestern Colombia They are being taken by helicopter to be reunited with their families FARC 's releases bring to six the number of hostages freed since February 9
Chris Christie , the New Jersey GOP Governor and possible 2016 White House contender , is slamming President Obama for passing the buck on the U.S. being ill prepared for the ISIS threat . In an interview with CNN , Christie said he was "  disturbed " by the fact that Obama told CBS 's "  60 Minutes " that the director of national intelligence admitted "  they underestimated what had been taking place in Syria . " "  It should be ` we , ' Mr. President . It 's your administration and when you 're the leader , you have to be held accountable for what they do . I was disturbed by that . I think that makes people a little less certain of his footing on these things , " Christie told CNN . "  He 's the president and he needs to be accountable and I hope that he says that and corrects what I hope was a misstatement , " Christie added . Paul Ryan open to boots on the ground : We need to ` see this thing through ' The governor argued that Obama must "  come up with a plan that helps bring the world together to fight this fight . " When pressed on the fact that the president has in fact gotten a coalition of Arab countries together to help the U.S. in airstrikes , Christie responded that he does n't think he has a "  complete plan . " "  Listen , as I 've shown before , if I think the president is doing something well I do n't hesitate to say that he is , " Christie said . "  But I think the jury is still out on this because we should n't be in this position to begin with . " Chris Christie builds profile as he eyes 2016 presidential run As the governor considers a run for president himself , he has been expanding his studies and rhetoric to include more about foreign policy . Unlike senators contemplating white house campaigns , questions about U.S. policy in the Middle East are not in Christie 's daily wheelhouse as chief executive of New Jersey . What is noteworthy about Christie 's criticism of the president on ISIS is that he kept it focused in an area where he believes he has experience -- leadership and accountability . When asked what he would do if he were commander in chief to confront ISIS , he quickly responded that he does n't have to answer that question because "  I 'm not the commander in chief . " But he might want to be someday . "  But that day is not today , " he quickly responded with a mischievous smile .	Chris Christie : Obama should have owned intelligence failures on ISIS Christie to CNN : ` Makes people a little less certain of his footing on these things ' Christie is a potential Republican presidential candidate in 2016
Washington  CNN  -- Americans are split over whether China represents a military threat to the United States -- but there is no doubt in the public 's mind that the country poses an economic threat , according to a new national poll . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday , 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat , with 47 percent disagreeing . That 4-point margin is within the poll 's 4.5 percent sampling error . The poll 's release coincides with U.S. President Barack Obama 's first visit to China to bolster relations . At a town hall meeting on Monday he made the case to Chinese students that the two countries ' philosophical differences should not get in the way of a robust relationship . According to the survey , two-thirds see China as a source of unfair competition for U.S. companies , while only a quarter are more likely to view China as a huge potential market for U.S. goods . "  That may be why 71 percent of Americans consider China an economic threat to the U.S. , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Americans tend to view foreign countries as competition , and China is no exception . " Only a quarter of those questioned in the poll say that China has a good track record on human rights . Sixty-eight percent suggested that China is doing a bad job respecting the human rights of its citizens . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted November 13-15 , with 1,014 adult Americans questioned by telephone . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	71 percent of Americans polled consider China an economic threat More than 1,000 adult Americans were questioned by telephone Poll coincides with Obama 's visit to China
CNN  -- Former first lady Barbara Bush will spend the night in a Houston , Texas , hospital Tuesday night after falling ill , according to a family spokeswoman . Former first lady Barbara Bush has been admitted to a Houston , Texas , hospital . Spokeswoman Jean Becker said Bush , 83 , was admitted to Methodist Hospital for testing after complaining of stomach pain for several days . She arrived at the emergency room at about 5:30 p.m. Central Time . After feeling ill , Bush called her husband , former President George H.W. Bush , at his office urging him to take her to the hospital . The former president 's Secret Service detail drove them both to the hospital , Becker said . Jim McGrath , a spokesman for Bush 's husband said all of the tests were negative . "  She 's fine , " McGrath said . Bush has been diagnosed with the thyroid condition Graves ' Disease . It was not known whether the condition had any relation to her hospitalization on Tuesday . Bush , the mother of President George W. Bush , was first lady during her husband 's term as president from January 1989 to January 1993 . Born in New York in 1925 , Bush , born Barbara Pierce , married her husband in 1945 . She is the great-great-great niece of Franklin Pierce , who served as president from 1853 to 1857 . She and the former president split their time between Houston and Kennebunkport , Maine .	NEW : Former first lady will spend the night in a Houston , Texas , hospital NEW : "  She 's fine , " spokesman for Barbara Bush 's husband says Family spokeswoman : She complained recently about stomach pains Tests Tuesday night came back negative , ex-president 's spokesman says
Mental Floss  -- Although Portuguese striker Eusebio scored nine goals in the 1966 World Cup and England 's Geoff Hurst booted four goals to lead the home team to victory , neither of them was the real most valuable player of that year 's Cup . That distinction went to an English pooch named Pickles . As part of the ramp-up to hosting the 1966 World Cup , English soccer officials had been displaying the Jules Rimet Trophy that went to the Cup 's winner in various places around the country . That March , the trophy had been residing in Methodist Central Hall in the Westminster area of London under the watchful eyes of five guards . Mental Floss : 7 really tiny towns Something went awry on the morning of March 20 , though . The guard who normally stayed at the trophy 's side had the day off , and at some point when the other four members of the security detail were enjoying their coffee or a quick trip to the bathroom , thieves broke in a back door of the hall and swiped the trophy . As you might imagine , this theft did n't reflect too well on England . Hosting the World Cup is a complex , logistically difficult operation , and while everything may not go totally smoothly , FIFA at least expects host countries not to lose the trophy itself . The theft immediately became the biggest story in the British press , and crackpot theories and false leads soon inundated Scotland Yard . Mental Floss : Weird stolen items like Hulk Hogan 's toilet seat Eventually , the police received a ransom demand : the thief would return the trophy in exchange for # 15,000 in small bills . Scotland Yard and soccer officials reluctantly went along with this plan , but a trailing police van spooked the thief before he led them to trophy . After police apprehended the suspect , a petty grifter named Edward Betchley , he claimed he was only a middleman who was working for a shady , possibly fictitious character known as "  The Pole . " Mental Floss : 10 stars who started on Sesame Street The police had their man , but they were still short one Jules Rimet Trophy . That 's where Pickles , a four-year-old mutt , entered the picture . On March 27 , Pickles was out for a walk with his owner , David Corbett , in South London when something under a hedge distracted the pup . Pickles insisted on investigating this hedge and eventually pulled out a newsprint parcel tied together with string . When Corbett opened the parcel , he realized that Pickles had found the Jules Rimet Trophy . It 's still not clear how the trophy ended up under the hedge in the first place . Mental Floss : Look what the dog swallowed ! Corbett ran the trophy to his local police station , but the cops thought the story of Pickles miraculously finding the trophy in a hedge was a bit far-fetched . They initially thought Corbett was a suspect for the theft ; detectives even questioned him until 2:30 a.m. and made him stand in a lineup before clearing his alibi for the day of the burglary . Once Corbett was cleared , the media got the story , and Pickles became an international star . Offers to visit foreign countries rolled in for the heroic hound , and he received a free year 's supply of dog food . Pickles even starred in a feature film , "  The Spy With the Cold Nose . " At the height of Pickles ' popularity , he was earning # 60 a day for Corbett . Mental Floss : Why do hockey fans throw things on the ice ? Better still , when the English team won the World Cup that year , the players asked for Pickles to attend the celebratory banquet and even let him lick their plates clean . Corbett received a # 3,000 reward that he used to buy a house in Surrey . Sadly , Pickles did n't live to see the next World Cup . And the Jules Rimet Trophy was n't much luckier . When Brazil won the Cup for the third time in 1970 , it earned the right to keep the trophy in perpetuity ; the familiar FIFA World Cup trophy someone will win next month made its debut in 1974 . Thieves stole the Jules Rimet Trophy from a locked case in Brazil in December 1983 . Tell your pups to keep their eyes open ; the purloined trophy still has n't been recovered . Mental Floss : Great Confederate snowball fight of 1863 For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	A thief swiped the World Cup Soccer 's Jules Rimet Trophy in England in 1966 While on a walk , a dog named Pickles sniffed trophy out of hedge where it was hidden Brazil won the Cup for third time in 1970 , earning the right to keep trophy in perpetuity Thieves stole trophy from case in Brazil in December 1983 ; it has n't been recovered
CNN  -- A court has lifted a ban on identifying a man charged with one of a number of deadly wildfires that scorched southeastern Australia this month . A dirt track runs through the burnt out forest in the Kinglake region of Victoria state . The man , 39-year-old Brendan Sokaluk , did not appear in Monday 's hearing in Melbourne Magistrates ' Court , the Australian Associated Press reported . An order banning the publishing of Sokaluk 's street address or his image remains in place . Public passions are running high in the aftermath of the fires that have killed scores of people . One T-shirt says , "  The bastards who lit Victoria 's fires should : Burn in hell . " Sokaluk is suspected of lighting a fire on February 7 . He was charged with arson causing death , intentionally or recklessly lighting a bush fire , and possessing child pornography , Victoria state police said last week . The fire Sokaluk is accused of setting killed at least 21 people in Gippsland . See map of fire-hit areas " Sokaluk 's identity had already been revealed on social networking sites before the court lifted the suppression order on his name . There were 12 Facebook groups carrying details about Sokaluk , with one attracting more than 3,600 members . Watch more on arrest " Robbie Shenton , who has joined one such group , told CNN : "  The judicial system had no right to suppress his name or photograph . " Melbourne 's Age newspaper reported Police had contacted Facebook seeking removal of Sokaluk 's details . The death toll in a string of fires across Victoria climbed to 189 on Monday , police reported . The number of fires burning had dropped to six , from about a peak of about three dozen , the Country Fire Authority said . Watch a survivor tell his story " Meanwhile , more than 150 detectives were working on the arson investigation , authorities said . The fires have destroyed more than 1,800 homes and displaced about 7,000 people . Priyanka Deladia contributed to this report .	Court lifts ban on identifying man charged with starting deadly wildfire Brendan Sokaluk , 39 , did not appear in Melbourne Magistrates ' Court Order banning publishing of Sokaluk 's address or image remains in place
Washington  CNN  -- Johnny Bench , Tony LaRussa and Steve Carlton , their 1980s-style hair shoved under their caps , look forever young in a substantial baseball card collection that 's missing an owner . Since June 24 , the Metropolitan Police Department has been trying to find the rightful owner of well more than 500 cards , each carefully placed in a plastic protective sleeve . A visitor to East Potomac Park found the cache of cards in a grassy area and notified police , who combed through crime reports but have thus far struck out on identifying the owner . "  We do n't know if it fell off the back of a car , " Lt. Nicholas Breul said Wednesday , indicating it 's his guess that they were stolen . Police publicized the find Wednesday and included photos of some of the collection . They are n't releasing all the information because they want to be sure whoever comes forward can provide extensive details before they turn them over . The Topps and Fleer cards are of Major League Baseball players from the 1980s and 1990s . Players include Reggie Smith , Gary Carter and Toby Harrah . Breul wo n't hazard a guess on their value , but he indicated some might be worth about $ 1 . Of course , a few could be worth more . If no one successfully claims them , the cards may be auctioned and serious collectors would get a better handle on their worth . "  So much depends on condition , " Breul told CNN . The department spokesman said he 's not an avid baseball fan . After all , he grew up in Washington , which twice lost the Senators to other cities and whose Nationals have been dependable cellar-dwellers . He is friends with Boston Red Sox fans and has at least one connection with one of the finds . "  That Fred Lynn card is pretty cool , " Breul said , referring to the outfielder who starred for the Sox in the '70s . Anyone with information or believes the set is theirs can contact the department 's Public Information Office at 202 727-4383 between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. ET Monday through Friday . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Large collection of baseball cards found at park Police in Washington are hoping the rightful owner comes forward Most appear to be from the 1980s and 1990s
CNN  -- Nikolai Valuev will face Ruslan Chagaev in their much-anticipated rematch for the WBA heavyweight title in Finland on May 30 . Ruslan Chagaev  left  lands a powerful left-hander during his win over Nikolai Valuev two years ago . The bout , at Helsinki 's Hartwall-Arena , will be the first-ever heavyweight contest on Finnish soil , and will see a pumped-up Valuev going all out to "  settle the score " against the only man to defeat him in a 51-bout career . Chagaev twice pulled out of scheduled rematches with Valuev last summer due to injury problems , prompting the WBA to vacate the title . Uzbeki southpaw Chagaev has been listed as ` champion in recess ' ever since and -- as a result -- has to fight Valuev by the end of June in order to determine the undisputed champion . Valuev reclaimed the vacant belt by defeating American John Ruiz in August and defended his title against Evander Holyfield in December . "  The day has come to settle the score , " Valuev told a news conference . "  I have been waiting for two years to make amends . Only a victory over Chagaev can put my mind at rest . " Valuev bounced back with four wins on the spin following his loss to Chagaev in April 2007 but the Russian admits the only scalp that matters is that of the Uzbeki . "  I know everything there is to know about Chagaev , " said Valuev . "  This is the fourth time I am actually preparing for a fight with him , " he added , referring to the two postponed fights last year . "  Now is the time to end all this confusion . There will only be one WBA heavyweight champion after May 30 -- and that will be me . "	Nikolai Valuev will face Ruslan Chagaev for WBA heavyweight title next month The May 30 showdown will be the first-ever heavyweight clash on Finnish soil Valuev looking for revenge after Chagaev won their first contest two years ago
At least 30 Palestinian youths were injured Friday in clashes in East Jerusalem , Palestinian medics said , as security was stepped up across the city amid concern that heightened tensions could flare into new violence . The latest clashes came hours after hospital officials confirmed that a second Israeli had died from injuries suffered when a Palestinian drove a van into pedestrians at a rail station in eastern Jerusalem on Wednesday . Friday 's unrest broke out in the Shuafat Palestinian refugee camp in East Jerusalem , where the van driver lived , as well as in other neighborhoods , sources said . Smoke rose in the camp as Palestinian youths threw rocks , set off firecrackers and set tires afire , while Israeli security forces responded with rubber bullets , stun grenades and tear gas . Palestinian medical sources said they had treated injuries caused by rubber bullets hitting the head and body , as well as many cases of tear gas inhalation . Fierce clashes between Israeli security forces and Palestinian youths erupted in the same area Wednesday after news that the Palestinian van driver had been shot dead by police . He was identified by Israeli authorities as a member of the Islamist Hamas movement , Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . A representative for Jerusalem 's Hadassah Medical Center did not give details about the second van attack victim . But the Times of Israel said he was a 17-year-old student who had suffered serious head injuries . An Israeli border police officer also died and 12 other people were injured in the attack . No motive for the attack was immediately released , but Hamas supported the hitting of the Jerusalem pedestrians in a text message to the news media : "  Hamas blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld called the incident "  a terrorist attack . " Barricades near Old City Against a backdrop of days of unrest over the Temple Mount , or Haram al-Sharif , Israeli police set up barricades early Friday at the Damascus Gate entrance to the Old City . But some restrictions were eased ahead of Friday prayers , with Israeli forces allowing men over age 35 and all women to enter the site to worship . Israeli police on Wednesday clashed with Palestinian youths at the holy site , leaving more than 15 people injured , according to paramedics with the Red Crescent . It was just the latest round of unrest there since activist Rabbi Yehuda Glick was shot and gravely wounded last week after championing more Jewish rights at the site , where Jews can now gather but not pray . Israeli police shot and killed a suspect in Glick 's shooting . Soldiers injured in attack by vehicle A second attack on pedestrians Wednesday in the West Bank injured three Israeli soldiers , who were taken to the Hadassah hospital . All three are in moderate condition , said Dr. Asher Salmon , the hospital 's deputy head . A Palestinian turned himself in to Israeli authorities Thursday to say he was responsible for that incident , the Israeli military said . Though the motives were n't immediately clear , the incidents were the latest in a series of vehicles striking pedestrians in Israel and the West Bank as the long-taut tensions between Israelis and Palestinians worsened in recent months , agitated in part by killings and a seven-week Israeli-Gaza conflict earlier this year . On October 22 , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people , Israeli police said . Palestinian state news reported that a 5-year-old girl died on October 19 after an Israeli settler deliberately ran over her as she returned home from kindergarten near a village to the north of Ramallah in the West Bank . Recent tension at the holy site Some of the recent tension centers on the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif and Glick , who has argued that Jews must have a place of worship there . Such a Jewish prayer right is a sensitive issue for Muslims , who suspect a plan to expel them from the site . Glick 's October 29 shooting helped to ratchet up tensions in Jerusalem and prompted Israeli authorities to close the holy site for one day -- a move that a spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called a "  declaration of war . " A spokesman for the military wing of Hamas said Wednesday that the site 's al-Aqsa Mosque "  is the detonator needed to ignite a volcano in the face of the cowardly and treacherous occupier . " "  We salute the heroes of the mujahideen of Hamas , " Abu Abiada said in a message posted on the military wing 's website . Since Muslims began construction at the site in the seventh century , Haram al-Sharif , now controlled by an Islamic trust , has been an almost constant source of tension between Muslims and Jews . Jordan controlled the site for a time until 1967 , when Israel seized eastern Jerusalem . Sacred events With its golden dome overlooking Jerusalem , the site is said to have hosted sacred events in the Jewish , Muslim and Christian religions . Jewish tradition holds that the Temple Mount contains Mount Moriah , where Abraham , the Hebrew patriarch , is said to have nearly sacrificed his son -- under God 's orders -- before an angel intervened . Later , Israeli King Solomon constructed the first Jewish temple on the mount , including the Holy of Holies , a room that kept the Ark of the Covenant . At the foot of the Temple Mount , the 62-foot-tall Western Wall , or Wailing Wall , stands . Once supporting the courtyard of the ancient temple , Jews gather there now to hold religious services , to pray or to slip notes into its cracks . For Muslims , the Noble Sanctuary contains one of the most sacred sites in Islam : the al-Aqsa Mosque . Muslims believe that the Prophet Mohammed was carried on a flying steed from Mecca to the site during his miraculous Night Journey , said Muqtedar Khan , an expert on Islam and politics at the University of Delaware . Gaza bombings Meanwhile , in Gaza , several houses belonging to leaders of the Palestinian Fatah faction in Gaza have been the targets of bombings and were damaged , the Palestinian Authority said Friday . The explosions took place as Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah was due to visit Gaza , but the Palestinian government said that the trip had been postponed until further notice .	Palestinian medics : At least 30 Palestinian youths hurt in clashes in East Jerusalem Security is stepped up in Jerusalem amid rising tension over killings , status of holy site An Israeli injured two days ago in an attack by a van driver has died , hospital officials say Israeli military : A driver who says he struck soldiers in another attack turned himself in
Former NFL star Darren Sharper pleaded not guilty in a Los Angeles court Thursday in the alleged druggings and rapes of two women . Judge Renee Korn raised Sharper 's bail to $ 1 million from $ 200,000 in response to a prosecution request to raise it to as high as $ 10 million . The judge also ordered Sharper not to frequent clubs , bars or any venue where alcohol is the primary item for sale . Korn also ordered Sharper "  not be alone with any women he does not have a previous relationship with  from  prior to October 30 , 2013 , " the date of the first alleged rape in Los Angeles County . Sharper has already surrendered his passport , the judge noted . "  Mr. Sharper must stay in Los Angeles County , " the judge said . Sharper , who had been free on bail , stood quietly in a gray pinstripe suit with a black shirt and no tie . One of his defense attorneys , Blair Berk , said that Sharper was pleading not guilty . Berk has said that she is "  hopeful that before the case is concluded that Mr. Sharper will be exonerated . " Leonard Levine , another of Sharper 's attorneys , indicated his client would post his residence and his father 's residence for the $ 1 million bail . The five-time Pro Bowl player , who became an NFL Network analyst , is charged with two counts of rape by use of drugs , four counts of furnishing a controlled substance and one count of possession of a controlled substance , all felonies , according to Los Angeles County prosecutors . The alleged rapes occurred in October and last month , authorities said . Sharper also is under investigation in Arizona , Louisiana and Nevada in connection with a total of five alleged rape cases in those states , according to Los Angeles authorities . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Stacy Okun-Wiese said in court that Sharper is also being investigated in sexual battery case in a fifth state , in Miami Beach , Florida . But in court , a Sharper lawyer disputed all the rape allegations . "  It was all consensual contact with women who wanted to be in his company , " Levine said . In unsuccessfully seeking a $ 10 million bail , the prosecutor argued that "  Sharper is a danger to women . " "  He hangs out with them in clubs . Takes them back . It 's the same story , " Okun-Wiese told the court . "  He gives them a shot . They black out . "  The next day they have no idea of what happened the previous night , " she said . In the Los Angeles cases , Sharper is accused of using morphine and zolpidem -- another name for the prescription sleep aid Ambien -- on his two alleged victims , who said they blacked after Sharper served them a shot of alcohol , according to authorities . Okun-Wiese said authorities took count of Sharper 's Ambien pills . "  I counted it up and Mr. Sharper has gone through 70 pills in 65 days , " the prosecutor said . When Los Angeles County authorities filed the rape charges last month , they were n't aware of the Nevada and Arizona investigations , Okun-Wiese said . "  The circumstances have changed tremendously since the January 17 arrest " of Sharper in California , Okun-Wiese said . Defense attorney Levine , however , said "  there is no probable cause " against Sharper in those other states ' cases . In the latest accusation , a Florida woman last month filed a sexual battery complaint in Miami Beach against Sharper relating to a 2012 incident , a police report said . The alleged victim filed the complaint shortly after an acquaintance told her last month that Sharper was arrested in California on rape charges , the Miami Beach police report says . The alleged Florida victim filed the report because "  she felt she needed to clear her conscious , " the report said . According to the police report , in September or October 2012 , the woman was with two friends at a Miami Beach club when she met Sharper , and when she , her friends , and another person went to Sharper 's condo , the woman was "  extremely intoxicated . " The woman 's two friends later told her she went with Sharper into his bedroom , and the friends heard her telling Sharper , "  No , no , stop . I do n't want to , " the report said . The two friends knocked on the bedroom door , entered the room and tried to take the woman home , but because "  she was so intoxicated , she ca n't remember what she said to  the two friends  because her speech was slurred and she wanted to sleep , " the report said . Everyone subsequently left Sharper 's Miami Beach condo , except for Sharper and the woman , according to the report . The woman awoke the following morning , the report said , with Sharper allegedly sexually assaulting her without a condom . The woman was treated by a doctor a week after the incident , the report said . Miami Beach police are investigating the case , Miami Beach Detective Vivian Hernandez said Thursday .	Sharper is now under investigation in a sex case in a fifth state , Florida "  It was all consensual contact with women , " his attorney says in court Judge orders Sharper to not to be alone with women he met since first alleged rape Miami Beach police are investigating Sharper in latest case , detective says
CNN  -- Tribal leaders in Falluja called Tuesday on people who fled weekend fighting between al Qaeda-linked fighters and government troops to return , a signal efforts were underway to dial back the violence that has raised questions about the ability of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to hold Iraq together . In the statement released to CNN , tribal and religious leaders called on government employees and other workers to return to work Wednesday . "  All residents and families who have fled recent fighting should return as well , " it said . Even as Sunni tribal leaders issued the call , government troops took up stronger positions within sight of the city , according to a journalist in Falluja working for CNN . Conflicting reports emerged over the weekend about who was in control in Falluja , the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents during the Iraq War . Some suggested the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , formerly the group commonly known as al Qaeda in Iraq , is in partial control of the city , which is situated roughly 60 kilometers  37 miles  west of Baghdad , in the volatile province of Anbar . The government said this weekend that the Iraqi army shelled Falluja in an effort to clear out the al Qaeda-linked fighters . The statement came a day after al-Maliki ordered Iraqi forces not to target residential neighborhoods in Falluja . It 's unknown whether a deal between the Sunni tribal leaders and the Shiite-dominated government prompted what appears to be a clear effort to calm the situation . The journalist working for CNN has seen people moving freely in and out of Falluja , though Sunni tribal forces are manning checkpoints . CNN is not identifying the journalist out of concern for his security . Violence has flared in the province following the arrest of a Sunni lawmaker in Ramadi and the dismantling of protest sites by the army in Falluja and Ramadi . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Statement released to CNN calls on government workers to return to work in Falluja It also calls on residents who fled weekend fighting to return A journalist in Falluja says people are moving freely through checkpoints
Health officials say they have made an important discovery in the mystery surrounding the deaths of 64 children in Cambodia . The Institut Pasteur in Cambodia tested samples taken from 24 patients and found 15 had tested positive for Enterovirus Type 71 -- a common cause of hand , foot and mouth disease that can also cause severe neurologic complications , mainly in children . "  These results now give a good explanation to this outbreak , " Dr. Philippe Buchy , head of the institute 's virology unit , said in an e-mail . "  We will get more results hopefully by next Tuesday or Wednesday . " But an official with the World Health Organization cautioned that the outbreak has not been fully solved , and more analysis is needed . Outbreaks "  occur periodically in the Asia-Pacific region , " according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Brunei had its first major outbreak in 2006 . China had an outbreak in 2008 . Though the detection of EV71 in Cambodia is significant , there may be other factors , said Dr. Beat Richner of Kantha Bopha hospitals . Over the past three months , 66 children -- between 2 and 3 years old -- were admitted to Kantha Bopha facilities . All but two died mysteriously after suffering severe neurological and respiratory complications , Richner said . In their last hours of their life , the children suffered a "  total destruction of the alveola  e  in the lungs , " Richner said . "  We have now to see what really is causing the deadly pulmonary complication and see if a toxic factor is playing a role too , " he said . Investigators probe mystery disease killing Cambodian children The positive test for EV71 does not particularly help in the treatment of the illness , as there is no effective antiviral treatment for severe EV71 infections , and no vaccine is available . In milder cases , EV71 can cause coldlike symptoms , diarrhea and sores on the hands , feet and mouth , according to the journal Genetic Vaccines and Therapy . But more severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio-like paralysis and death . Adults ' well-developed immune systems usually can fend off the virus , but children are vulnerable to it , according to the CDC . Richner said the patients suffered from encephalitis , which is the inflammation of the brain . On Sunday , a World Health Organization  WHO  representative in Cambodia warned the new discovery "  does not mean we have solved the problem of the undiagnosed cases . A lot more analysis is needed , and further laboratory investigations need to be done . " Richner criticized WHO for previously making statements to the media "  without being clear on the facts , " the hospital official said in his statement Sunday . "  WHO was telling whole the world : New mystery killer disease in Cambodia ! This was causing unnecessary panic in Cambodia , " Richter wrote . Richner has said the number of cases affected by the mysterious disease is relatively low -- 34 cases in June , compared with the 75,000 sick children at Kantha Bopha 's outpatient clinics and 16,000 hospitalized kids . But Pieter van Maaren with the WHO in Cambodia rejected suggestions that his organization caused any kind of panic . He said Richner was the one who stated , in a letter to the government , that the situation in Cambodia was "  most severe . " "  WHO has not made any statement about the disease , other than what we issued in the joint press release with the Ministry of Health , " van Maaren said . The ministry reported the outbreak to WHO through the International Health Regulations , which 194 nations are parties to , van Maaren said . "  Since this event fitted the criteria of being an event where the underlying agent , disease or mode of transmission is not identified at the time , WHO is obliged to communicate information to other member states . " EV71 was first isolated in California in 1969 , according to the CDC . Mystery illnesses : A mother 's painful quest for answers	WHO denies causing panic Hospital officials : At least 64 children have been killed ; two have survived 15 of the 24 patients screened test positive for Enterovirus Type 71 The outbreak has not been fully solved , a WHO official says
Cairo  CNN  -- Hundreds of demonstrators extended their sit-in outside Egypt 's defense ministry to a sixth day Thursday , as organizers called for mass protests following violence that killed at least 11 people . The coalition of political and civil groups -- known as the Board of Trustees of the Revolution -- condemned the clashes in Cairo 's Abaseya area Wednesday and demanded the resignation of the government . The protests come against a backdrop of frustration over the pace of reform since Hosni Mubarak was ousted as president last year and amid concern that Egypt 's military leadership is delaying the transition to civilian rule . Many of the protesters taking part in the sit-in are voicing their anger over the disqualification of Islamist candidate Hazem Abu Ismael from the May 23 presidential election . They also want to disband the presidential election commission . Abu Ismael was disqualified because of evidence that his late mother had U.S. citizenship , an assertion he has denied , prompting his followers to protest the decision by the election commission . The election commission has disqualified some 10 of the 23 presidential contenders , its chief has said . Meanwhile , three of Egypt 's presidential candidates were referred to the general prosecutor for alleged violations of election campaign law Thursday . The presidential election commission said it had referred leading independent candidate Abdel Monein Aboul Fettouh , Mohamed Mursi , of the Islamist Freedom and Justice Party , and Amr Moussa to the prosecutor for breaking the law by holding meetings on college campuses . "  These infringements by the presidential candidates will be taken very seriously and they will be questioned as soon as possible . They could be fined , " Adel Saeed , the official spokesman for the general prosecutor , told CNN . Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said on its Facebook page Thursday that the clashes in Abaseya were aimed at delaying the presidential elections and stalling the formation of a constituent assembly . The Supreme Council also said certain "  unnamed " groups have used verses from the Quran calling for jihad , or holy war , to try to draw the military into an armed conflict . The military had tried to convince the protesters to move from their position near the Ministry of Defense to Tahrir Square , the heart of Egypt 's protest movement , but they refused , the Facebook statement said . "  Investigations into the clashes of Abseya Square have begun and some people have been arrested , " Saeed said . Two of the presidential candidates referred to the general prosecutor for investigation , Mursi and Fettouh , had announced Wednesday that they were temporarily suspending campaign activities because of the violence . Amr Moussa said in a televised statement that he had canceled some of his campaign events out of respect for those killed . Mursi said Wednesday he would suspend his campaign for two days to "  mourn the souls of the martyrs " in the clashes , and blamed the military government for what he called a "  massacre . " Fettouh said on his Twitter account that lawmakers must push the interior minister to investigate . A "  revolutionary march " toward the Ministry of Defense has been called for Friday by the April 6 Movement , which wants accountability from the Supreme Council for the Armed Forces over the deaths of protesters in the Abaseya clashes . Western powers have been watching developments in Egypt closely . Alistair Burt , UK Foreign Office Minister for the Middle East and North Africa , said Thursday he was deeply concerned by the recent bloodshed and called on all sides to show restraint . "  The right to peaceful freedom of expression and assembly is integral to Egypt 's transition to democracy , and it is crucial at this stage of the presidential election process that it is not threatened by the return of such violence , " he said in a statement . "  Such unrest reinforces the need to make progress on the transition to civilian rule , through a transparent and inclusive process which allows all voices to be heard , to the timetable already agreed by the Egyptian authorities . " "  We 're very concerned about the outbreak of violence , " said U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice . The United States considers it "  important for elections to go forward as planned , " she added . Assailants targeted the protesters in Cairo early Wednesday , medical sources said . At least 150 people were injured , Dr. Ahmed Thabet , a physician working in a field hospital near where the clashes took place , said Thursday . It was unclear who the attackers were , but they were not wearing uniforms , witnesses said . The mood in the city 's Abaseya district appeared calm but tense , state media reported Thursday . Some shops closed their doors and some residents left their homes , fearing more clashes , according to Egypt 's MENA news agency . Protesters hurled rocks at the assailants , who responded with a steady barrage of rocks and Molotov cocktails . "  Down with military rule ! " the protesters chanted . Alaa Younis , who took part in the sit-in with some friends , said "  dozens of military men dressed in plain clothes started pelting " them "  with stones , cement blocks , and fired tear gas from rifles , so they were obviously security officers under cover . " The military dispatched a unit to attempt to restore calm . A day before the clashes , state TV broadcast videos showing protesters chanting against the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which has ruled Egypt since Mubarak was forced from power last year . The Freedom and Justice Party , the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood , issued a statement Thursday blaming the Supreme Council for the death and injuries in the Abaseya clashes , saying it wanted to delay the transition of power . A government official earlier denied reports that the military was involved in Wednesday 's violence . "  There were no riot police or military that tried to evict the sit-in by force , " said Gen. Marwan Mustapha , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . "  We are not sure of the identities of the thugs that attacked the peaceful protesters . The military only protects the vicinity of the ministry and blocked some roads leading to it . " The epicenter of the violence was around a mosque in Cairo , but clashes continued in several streets . Residents formed neighborhood watches to protect their streets as gunfire crackled for hours , according to witnesses . The military blocked some highways leading to the ministry and did not interfere in the fighting between protesters and the unidentified attackers . Clashes have erupted in Egypt since an uprising led to the toppling of Mubarak in February of last year , with protesters demanding the military leaders who took over hand over power to a civilian administration . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Military leaders accuse unnamed groups of trying to use the Quran to provoke conflict NEW : UK Foreign Office minister concerned by bloodshed , urges restraint on all sides Street protests continue , a day after violent clashes left at least 11 dead Many protesters are concerned by the slow transition of power from Egypt 's military to civilian rule
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Karen apparently will not become a hurricane , but the storm still means a soggy weekend for parts of the U.S. Gulf Coast . The storm , expected to near land between southeastern Louisiana and the Florida Panhandle early Sunday morning , before it weakens into a depression , the National Hurricane Center said . The hurricane center canceled a hurricane watch Friday afternoon . A tropical storm watch continued from Morgan City , Louisiana , to Indian Pass , Florida . Coastal residents were warned that storm surges and dangerous waves remain possible . Karen 's maximum sustained winds dropped to about 40 mph by midday Saturday . The storm was centered about 130 miles south-southwest of the Mississippi River 's mouth about 10 p.m. CT  11 a.m. ET  . The mayor of Grand Isle , Louisiana , on Friday ordered a mandatory evacuation for the barrier island town , CNN affiliate WGNO-TV reported . Grand Isle has about 1,300 residents plus tourists . Mayor David Camardelle ordered them to take camper trailers and recreational vehicles off the island . Track the storm A tropical storm warning is in effect from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the mouth of the Pearl River on the Louisiana-Mississippi line . 3 to 6 inches of rain The storm is expected to drop 3 to 6 inches of rain over parts of the central and eastern Gulf Coast through Sunday night , mainly near and to the east of the storm 's center , the hurricane center said . Isolated storm total amounts of 10 inches are possible . Storm surges also are a concern . If peak surges coincide with high tide , water could reach 3 to 5 feet above ground from the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana to Alabama 's Mobile Bay , the center said . "  The combination of storm surge and the tide will cause normally dry areas near the coast to be flooded by rising waters , " the center said . The hurricane center 's tracking map shows that the storm could make two landfalls : once over the Louisiana barrier islands Saturday night and again over the Florida Panhandle on Sunday morning . Back to work at FEMA The storm prompted the Federal Emergency Management Agency to recall some of its workers furloughed during the government shutdown . The agency also reactivated its Hurricane Liaison Team at the National Hurricane Center in Miami . FEMA officials in the Atlanta and Denton , Texas , offices are monitoring Karen . "  At all times , FEMA maintains commodities , including millions of liters of water , millions of meals and hundreds of thousands of blankets , strategically located at distribution centers throughout the United States , including in the Gulf Coast region , that are available to state and local partners if needed and requested , " the agency said in a statement . The hurricane center said it , too , would be unaffected by the government shutdown as Karen approaches . "  The National Hurricane Center is fully operational ... and has all of its resources available to it , " spokesman Dennis Feltgen said in an e-mail . "  The government shutdown will not inhibit NHC from providing its mission . " Storm preparations Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley declared statewide states of emergency . Florida Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency in 18 counties . A Louisiana law prohibiting price gouging during emergencies went into effect , CNN affiliate WDSU-TV reported . New Orleans officials released a statement asking residents to "  monitor weather conditions and stay alert . " The city is included in the tropical storm watch area . Karen formed between Cuba and Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula . CNN 's Sean Morris , Eliott C. McLaughlin and David Simpson contributed to this report .	Hurricane watch canceled ; tropical storm watch continues Barrier island town of Grand Isle , Louisiana , gets evacuation order Coastal residents warned of storm surges and dangerous waves FEMA recalls some of its workers who were furloughed during shutdown
CNN  -- Throughout his campaign , Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has cast himself as an ardent backer of Israel -- and , either directly or indirectly , suggested that President Barack Obama has n't been similarly supportive . The former Massachusetts governor lashed out again Monday in a speech at the Virginia Military Institute , criticizing Obama on several points . Among them was Israel , with Romney stating the relationship between Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "  has suffered great strains " in recent years . "  The president explicitly stated that his goal was to put ` daylight ' between the United States and Israel . And he has succeeded , " said Romney . "  This is a dangerous situation that has set back the hope of peace in the Middle East and emboldened our mutual adversaries , especially Iran . " Fact Check : Was Obama ` silent ' on Iran 2009 protests ? Vowing to "  reaffirm our historic ties to Israel " and its security , Romney added , "  The world must never see any daylight between our two nations . " So is Romney 's characterization of Obama 's remarks , and U.S. relations with Israel , fair and accurate ? The facts : Obama 's "  explicit " statement Romney is referencing dates back to July 2009 , at a closed meeting between Obama and select Jewish leaders . According to the Washington Post 's account , concerns were building over the president 's reasoning on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Obama sought to assure the leaders that he and his administration understood the "  nuances of the current issues . " Malcolm Hoenlein , executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations , told Obama , "  If you want Israel to take risks , then its leaders must know that the United States is right next to them . " "  Look at the past eight years , " Obama said , according to the Post . "  During those eight years , there was no space between us and Israel , and what did we get from that ? When there is no daylight , Israel just sits on the sidelines , and that erodes our credibility with the Arab states . " Complete coverage of CNN Fact Checks Following the confusion that ensued over these comments , and their resurgence in the election season , administration officials have again and again defended the president and insisted there was indeed no "  daylight " between the two countries . Defense secretary Leon Panetta , speaking to reporters traveling with him in the Middle East in July , said that new U.N. sanctions against Iran would be "  ratcheting up to a whole new level of impact . It sends a strong message to  the Iranian leadership  that they ca n't continue to do what they are doing . " He emphasized that there is no disagreement between the United States and Israel about Iran . "  My view is that when I sit down with my counterpart in Israel , we are unified in our view with regards to Iran , " Panetta said . In response to reported disagreements between Obama and Netanyahu on how specifically to handle curbing Iran 's nuclear program , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice told CNN 's State of the Union , "  We share a grave concern about Iran pursuing a nuclear weapon ... . We are determined to prevent that from happening . "  President Obama has been absolutely clear , and on this there 's absolutely no daylight between the United States and Israel that we will do what it takes to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon . " Rice went on to say that the steps the United States and other countries are taking to pressure Iran are working . Speaking more generally in late July about cooperation between the two nations , Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister Ehud Barak described U.S. support for Israel 's security as unparalleled . "  I should tell you honestly that this administration under President Obama is doing in regard to our security more than anything that I can remember in the past , " Barak told CNN . Despite such assertions , some have continued to insist that U.S.-Israeli relations have deteriorated since Obama took office . They include Elliott Abrams , who told a U.S. House committee in September that he believed the political relationship and cooperation between the two nations are the worst in two decades . Notably , Abrams had top State Department and national security-related positions under Republican presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush and his writings are featured prominently on Romney 's campaign website . Conclusion : The Obama administration has stressed repeatedly that it is committed to maintaining a strong relationship with Israel . In May 2011 , Obama said , "  The bonds between the United States and Israel are unbreakable , and the commitment of the United States to the security of Israel is ironclad . " The exact context of Obama 's remarks in his closed July 2009 meeting with Jewish leaders is not clear . And it has n't been proven Obama "  explicitly stated " then that it was "  his goal " to put "  daylight " between the two countries . His remarks , as reported , suggest rather that "  our credibility with the Arab states " suffers when U.S. and Israeli policies are mirror images of each other . Fact Check : Romney 's comparison of past , present Navy pointless In fact , Obama has on occasion offered views different from those of Netanyahu , including calling on Israel to halt West Bank settlement activity early in 2009 . During the 2012 campaign , Romney has sought to assure voters that he will be tougher against Iran 's nuclear ambitions than Obama , although the two candidates ' positions on Iran are nearly identical , according to a top Romney adviser . The Obama administration has hardly been soft against Iran . In addition to voting for U.N. Security Council sanctions against the country , in July 2010 , Obama signed legislation that aimed to make it harder for the Iranian government to purchase refined petroleum and necessary materials to modernize Iran 's oil and natural gas sector . The legislation also mandated that the U.S. government will no longer grant procurement contracts to businesses doing prohibited business with Iran . And the president signed an executive order pushing further sanctions against Iran in November 2011 . There have been numerous reports of tensions and disagreements , and there have been times where Obama has expressed a view  as on settlement activity  not shared by his Israeli counterpart . But any blanket assessment should also take into account assertions from the likes of Barak , lauding cooperation between the two nations over the last four years . Opinion : Obama has bungled foreign policy Fact check : Obama ` has not signed one new free-trade agreement ' Colorado is ` ground zero ' of election	A report says Obama told Jewish leaders the risks of "  no daylight " between U.S. , Israel Romney cites that remark , and claims "  great strains " between Obama and Netanyahu Context of Obama 's comments is unclear , and he never said "  daylight " was his goal
CNN  -- The blowout is stopped . The oil disaster that began with an explosion 100 days ago has not ended by any means . But we seem to be seeing a murky ending to the beginning of the crisis . We have an enormous amount of floating oil , and Gulf waters polluted by oil and dispersant . Most estimates range from 2 million to 4 million barrels  84 million to 168 million gallons  . The higher end would make it the largest unintended release of oil ever .  In 1991 , Saddam Hussein 's army intentionally released about 400 to 500 million gallons into the Persian Gulf to slow American troops .  Added to the Gulf of Mexico 's troubles : about 2 million gallons of dispersant , a major intentional pollution event in itself . What now ? As a naturalist , I 'd say the wildlife effects remain hard to grasp . The damage to people is most easily observable , best quantified and perhaps even most acute . Regionally there 's been further damage to Louisiana marshes already assaulted by decades of channel-cutting , shipping , water direction , erosion and sinkage . For resident wildlife , undersea oil and dispersant endangers countless sea creatures -- from plankton to whale sharks to dolphins and whales -- including reefs and the eggs and larvae of corals , fishes , crabs and oysters . Watch a talk by Carl Safina at TED.com Of hemispheric importance are creatures that range widely but funnel through the Gulf to migrate or to breed . Two of the most important breeders are the world 's most endangered sea turtle -- the Kemp 's Ridley -- and the giant bluefin tuna , one of the most overfished of the world 's giant ocean fishes . Migrants include millions of shorebirds , ducks and geese ; herons and egrets ; gannets , loons , terns , skimmers and other seabirds ; peregrine falcons , ospreys and Gulf-crossing songbirds that often land exhausted on beaches and marshes . How many of these creatures , and what proportion of their populations , were damaged or spared , no one can say . Every oiled carcass found may suggest 10 to 100 undetected deaths . But it 's also true that at this point -- with much of the oil yet to go somewhere -- there remain numerous clean-looking pelicans , gleaming gulls , and immaculate egrets along Gulf shores and marshes . People , though , have taken deep and immediate hits . Closures have meant an end to fishing , cessation of a way of life and of the way thousands of people understand who they are . Some may say the closures are artificial , that there are still plenty of fish , probably safe to eat . Others say the seafood safety is unreliable , and that , anyway , future consumer confidence is the most important thing to preserve . There 's truth to both sides . The mere tainting of beaches has been enough to send beachgoers fleeing to other destinations , creating a real-estate implosion , hordes of refunded deposits , halted construction and thousands of service jobs lost . Nationally , we 're all connected by the loss to the nation 's seafood supply and by taxpayer funded government expenses related to agencies such as the Coast Guard and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , as well as lost attention on other issues , and added unemployment costs that wo n't be covered by BP . No one knows whether the seafood and tourism and fisheries will be clean and healthy again next year or in a decade . We should be willing to learn some lessons . One is that this catastrophe was n't just an accident . It was the result of reckless corner-cutting by the oil company and scandalously compromised oversight by the government . As U.S. Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , observed , "  BP appears to have made multiple decisions for economic reasons that increased the danger of a catastrophic well failure . " The compromised oversight included the Minerals Management Service failing to require a backup shutdown system required in much of the rest of the world , failing to require offshore drillers to file plans to deal with major oil spills and specifically allowing BP to drill without a detailed environmental analysis . The George W. Bush administration gave top Interior Department jobs to former lobbyists of the fossil fuel industry . Now the inspector general finds that Interior had "  a culture of substance abuse and promiscuity . " Another lesson : Preparedness is near zero . The only two things responders could quickly muster were booms that ca n't handle open water , and dispersants . But dispersants sink oil , defeating the idea behind booms , polluting much more water , making the oil more widely toxic to marine life and making it impossible to recover or clean up . Absent preparedness , BP and other companies responding to the spill made stuff up as they went ; during weeks of blundering , hare-brained schemes like using shredded tires and golf balls to "  top kill " the well , and fabricating new slap-dab caps and domes that did n't work . Meanwhile people sent their hair clippings to the Gulf . A comedy of horrors . That is not a response plan . Obviously , reforms are needed . Rig regulations should now require that the best equipment and procedures are used . To eliminate guesswork and argument , these procedures must be specified and quantified . For instance , blowout preventers should have a specified number of valves for drilling in a particular range of depths , all spelled out as requirements . Further , there should be explicit checklists and decision trees . If the driller detects a possible problem , the operation must be shut down ; they must not retain the option of arguing about whether it 's probably OK to keep going . A culture of safety and best practices must replace the culture of risk . We should never again be subjected to the comment , "  We 've never tried this at this depth . " It 's as if , after the house is on fire , they set about devising and then building a truck capable of spraying water . With all the contracting companies servicing thousands of rigs , you 'd think the oil giants would have , say , two or three pieces of equipment in a warehouse somewhere capable of stopping and controlling a blowout at one of their wells -- and capturing the oil . This should be devised and required . Because an oil company 's interests are not aligned with the public 's interests , the oil company must be liable , but not in charge . Allowing an oil company to run the response to a spill makes it possible for it to try to hide the amount of oil and the numbers of wildlife killed , to suppress scientific data and hamper journalists . The federal government should nationalize major spills , avail itself of the best pooled talent in the oil industry , and send the offending company the people 's bill . Once it 's on our property , the offending oil company should not touch anything unless specifically directed to do so . As it is now , things are so insanely backward that at the end of June the Coast Guard made it a felony for boats to get within 70 feet of boom . We need to stop putting the murderer in charge of the crime scene . Larger lessons lurk . The mortgage bubble , banking collapse , taxpayer-funded bailouts and this blowout all stem from a three-decade assault on government effectiveness , the consequent deregulation Mardi Gras , and the unleashing of corporate greed and corporate "  personhood . " Corporate capture of government away from the public 's interests is the basic poison . Campaign finance reform and publicly funded elections would be the antidote . Lastly and probably most important , to honor the scale of this catastrophe , we need to create a historic moment that begins to give us some energy options and creates a graceful phase-in of greater reliance on the clean , eternal energy that actually runs our planet . There are many reasons to do this . Blowouts and dead workers and the awful environmental destruction wrought by coal mining and oil are some . Helping weaken petro-dictators and gaining U.S. energy independence is major . Helping stabilize world climate and the acidifying seas , and securing agriculture , are yet others . Providing jobs , incentives for construction and investment opportunities are others still . The basic vision is to reduce oil subsidies , create a level playing field for clean renewable energies like wind , solar , tidal , geothermal , algae fuels , etc ; construct a national smart grid capable of carrying power produced by any energy source whether dirty or renewable from where it 's abundant to where it 's needed . Electric cars would be the grid 's storage battery . Other countries -- China and some in northern Europe -- are doing this . But I 'd rather see American leadership regained . The nation that owns the future of energy will own the future . I want that nation of the future to be the United States of America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Carl Safina says precise size of oil disaster and impact on wildlife is not known He says impact on people is clearer -- since many lost their livelihood Safina says accident was avoidable if proper safeguards had been in place Decades of government deregulation helped lead to disaster , he says
CNN  -- Apple is testing iPhone display screens as large as 6 inches , according to a new report . The screens , ranging upward from 4.8 inches , would be a pretty massive leap from the 4-inch display on the iPhone 5 . But do n't expect to see them when Apple rolls out new iPhones next week . Citing "  people familiar with the matter , " the Wall Street Journal on Friday reported that the bigger screens could signal a future move by Apple to offer iPhones of various sizes . That would put them more in line with their chief rival , Samsung , which has put a dent in the iPhone 's dominance with devices like their Galaxy S and Galaxy Note lines . On Wednesday , Samsung unveiled its Galaxy Note 3 , with a whopping 5.7-inch display that further blurs the boundary between large phone and small tablet . On Tuesday , Apple is expected to roll out two different iPhones -- an update to the iPhone 5 and a cheaper model that would be designed to appeal to buyers in emerging markets like China and India . Apple CEO Tim Cook has knocked Apple 's rivals for making "  trade-offs " in order to pack larger screens into phones , although he has not ruled out such a move for future iPhones . Opinions are split on whether Apple will also introduce other products , like a new iPad or a much-anticipated smartwatch , next week . The Journal report said the iPhones unveiled next Tuesday will likely have the same size screen as the current model . An Apple spokesperson , predictably , declined to comment .	Report : Apple testing bigger screens for future iPhones They 'd run from 4.8 to 6 inches , says the WSJ Phones unveiled next week will have 4-inch displays , sources say The iPhone 5 has a 4-inch display , but many rivals ' phones are larger
CNN  -- Persuading Congress to ban assault weapons will be tough , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Thursday . But it 's a fight the outspoken advocate of stricter gun laws says he 's determined to win . "  Getting rid of assault weapons , that is a tougher sell , and that 's what we 've really got to work on , " Bloomberg said in an interview with CNN 's AC360Â ° . "  I 'm optimistic , but it 's tougher . " Bloomberg said he 's encouraging the roughly 800 mayors who are members of his Mayors Against Illegal Guns organization to start lobbying lawmakers and "  explain to them why constituents really want this done . " Speaking a day after President Barack Obama announced a list of proposals to reduce gun violence , Bloomberg said the package -- which calls on Congress to reinstate the assault weapons ban , restrict ammunition magazines and expand background checks for gun buyers -- is "  reasonably comprehensive . " And even though parts of the proposal will face an uphill battle , he said , that does n't mean it is n't a worthwhile fight . Obama-backed gun bills considered a longshot in Congress "  There are lives involved here . And if you can save one life , is n't that worth trying ? " Bloomberg said . "  And I always thought that you should address issues when they 're on the public 's conscience , while they 're being covered by the press , and you should try to do a complete job so you do n't have to go back again and again and again . " Poll : Gun control support wanes Republicans immediately rejected the Obama proposals as an attack on the constitutional right to bear arms . "  Nothing the president is proposing would have stopped the massacre at Sandy Hook , " Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , said in a statement . "  That 's probably true , " Bloomberg acknowledged on Thursday . "  But that does n't mean that having fewer guns around is n't a better idea . " Under New York 's stricter gun laws , he said , the city has seen murder and suicide rates that are lower than the national average . Last week , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told AC360Â ° that the evidence in Chicago tells a different story . A look at U.S. gun laws "  Chicago has very strict gun laws . It is also the deadliest city in America , " Gingrich said . Asked Thursday about Gingrich 's observation , Bloomberg said gun laws are n't a panacea . "  There 's no one solution to this , " he said . "  This is , however , a very important step . Fewer guns means fewer murders . Fewer guns means fewer suicides . Fewer guns means you and your children are safer . " Since last month 's shooting massacre at a school in Newtown , Connecticut , Bloomberg and his group have been at the forefront of a push for stricter gun laws . Opinion : A father 's murder , a plea on gun control He 's said that more than 1 million people have signed a petition backed by the organization to tighten gun control laws in the wake of the Newtown shooting rampage . The group has spent millions on television spots calling for gun control , including an ad that ran nationally this week , featuring family members of victims killed by gun violence repeating the word , "  enough . " On Thursday , Bloomberg sharply criticized the National Rifle Association for its approach to the gun control debate . After blaming video games for the Newtown shooting rampage , the organization released its own gun-related mobile video game . And on Tuesday night , the NRA released an ad accusing Obama of hypocrisy for being "  skeptical " about placing armed guards at schools , when his two daughters are protected by the U.S. Secret Service . That was "  bad P.R. " and an "  outrage , " Bloomberg said . "  I think it 's just a bad strategy , " he said , "  and they 're going to lose this battle . " CNN 's Mark Preston , Dana Bash , Jessica Yellin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Getting rid of assault weapons is "  what we 've really got to work on , " Bloomberg says He says he 's encouraging members of Mayors Against Illegal Guns to lobby Congress Obama 's new measures probably would n't have prevented the Newtown shooting , he says Still , the New York mayor says , "  fewer guns means you and your children are safer "
CNN  -- A federal judge on Thursday struck down the federal statute that established the National Day of Prayer , ruling that it violates the constitutional ban on government-backed religion . " -LSB- I -RSB- ts sole purpose is to encourage all citizens to engage in prayer , an inherently religious exercise that serves no secular function , " a Wisconsin judge wrote in the ruling , referring to the 1952 law that created the National Day of Prayer . "  In this instance , the government has taken sides on a matter that must be left to individual conscience , " wrote the judge , Barbara B. Crabb . The injunction against the National Day of Prayer will not take effect until the defendants in the case , President Obama and White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , have exhausted their appeals , the decision said . The Obama administration said in a Twitter message on Thursday that Obama intends to recognize this year 's National Day of Prayer , which is May 6 . The White House press office referred a question about whether the administration would appeal the ruling to the Justice Department , where a press officer was unavailable for comment . Conservative religious groups called on the White House to appeal the decision . "  The National Day of Prayer provides an opportunity for all Americans to pray voluntarily according to their own faith and does not promote any particular religion or form of religious observance , " said Joel Oster , senior legal counsel for the Alliance Defense Fund . Church-state separation groups , meanwhile , applauded the ruling . "  This decision is a tremendous victory for religious liberty , " said the Rev. Barry W. Lynn , executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State . "  Congress has no business telling Americans when or how to pray . " The Interfaith Alliance also welcomed the ruling . "  Maintaining clear boundaries between religion and government only serves to strengthen both , " said the group 's president , the Rev. Welton Gaddy . One constitutional scholar doubted the case would survive an appeal to a federal circuit court . "  Judges have never been absolutists in these establishment clause cases , " said Douglas Laycock , a University of Michigan Law School professor specializing in religious liberties issues . "  If they were they would to tell the president to stop issuing Thanksgiving proclamations and tell the Treasury Department to take ` In God We Trust ' off our money . " The lawsuit against the Obama administration was brought by the Freedom From Religion Foundation , a group based in Madison , Wisconsin . The statute that established the National Day of Prayer calls on the president to annually designate one day , other than a Sunday , "  on which the people of the United States may turn to God in prayer and meditation at churches , in groups and as individuals . " The law was amended in 1988 to designate the first Thursday in May as the annual National Day of Prayer . The event has been celebrated more ostentatiously by Republican than Democratic White Houses , partly because it has become aligned with religious conservatives . Since 1991 , the National Day of Prayer Task Force has been led by Shirley Dobson , wife of conservative evangelical broadcaster and activist James Dobson . Shirley Dobson criticized the Obama administration last year for forgoing the White House celebrations that marked the National Day of Prayer under President George W. Bush . But Obama did issue an official proclamation designating a National Day of Prayer . "  Throughout our nation 's history , " Obama 's proclamation read , "  Americans have come together in moments of great challenge and uncertainty to humble themselves in prayer . "	Judge says law violates constitutional ban on government-backed religion Wisconsin case sued Obama over National Day of Prayer Appeal uncertain ; expert says ruling probably would not hold on appeal
CNN  -- British businessman Charles Green has agreed a deal to take over Scottish Premier League side Glasgow Rangers , the club 's administrators said on Sunday . The former Sheffield United chief executive is leading a global consortium made up of 20 investors from the Middle East , Asia and the Far East . "  We are very pleased to announce that we have accepted an offer from a consortium headed by Mr. Charles Green for the purchase of Rangers , " said David Whitehouse of administrators Duff and Phelps . "  Mr. Green has secured , via a substantial financial commitment , a period of exclusivity to complete the purchase of the club and this is expected to be finalized at a creditors ' meeting on June 6 . " Neither Rangers , who have been Scottish champions 54 times , nor the administrators disclosed financial details of the offer from Green 's consortium , but reportedly the deal is worth # $ 13.6 million . "  Mr. Green , through a corporate vehicle , has entered into a binding commitment to inject funds into the Rangers Football Club plc so that the administrators can propose a Company Voluntary Arrangement which , if approved by creditors , will result in their claims being compromised for specific amounts and the company exiting administration free of the historic debt and with new owners . "  If the creditors do not approve the Company Voluntary Arrangement , the agreement obliges Charles Green 's purchasing vehicle to acquire the business and assets of the club on agreed terms , through a newco structure . It is Mr. Green 's strong preference to achieve a CVA . " The Glasgow team 's slide into administration in February was related to an unpaid tax bill of $ 14 million , incurred after businessman Craig Whyte bought the club in June 2010 , but the UK government is also seeking $ 118 million allegedly owed in back taxes . "  I can assure you that there will not be any investor who owns more than 15 % . I do n't believe that any one person should own a football club , " Green said . "  I think when we look around at certain clubs where one individual is in control there is no contingency and things are driven by their ability to sign a check . " After entering administration , Rangers had 10 points deducted and will suffer a further points deduction if the club does not emerge from administration by the time the 2012-2013 season kicks off .	Former Sheffield United chief executive Charles Green agrees Rangers takeover deal His consortium is made up of investors from the Middle East , Asia and the Far East Takeover consortium wants to exit administration by Company Voluntary Arrangement Green promises no investor will owns more than 15 % in the Scottish club
CNN  -- Vincent "  Buddy " Cianci has been mayor of Providence , Rhode Island -- twice . Both times , he left under a dark cloud after being convicted of crimes he committed while in office . Now , he wants back in . Cianci announced Wednesday on his weekday radio show that he intends to seek a third go as the mayor of Rhode Island 's capital and biggest city , feeling he 's the best bet for Providence 's future regardless of his own past . "  Today with a sense of humility , contrition and confidence I announce to you my candidacy for mayor of Providence , " the 73-year-old Cianci said on WPRO 630 . He was an Army veteran and prosecutor when he became mayor the first time in 1975 , quickly establishing himself as a character and significant actor in the New England city . Things came tumbling down in 1983 , when he was indicted for extortion , assault with a dangerous weapon , kidnapping , conspiracy and simple assault . That stemmed from an incident that year at his Providence home , in which he used his hands and a lit cigarette to assault a man he accused of having an affair with his estranged wife , with a uniformed policeman nearby -- an account detailed in court records and documented by then-Providence Journal reporter Mike Stanton . He pleaded nolo contendere , or no contest , the following year to one count of assault with a dangerous weapon and one count of simple assault , according to court documents . As part of the plea deal , Cianci never went to prison -- getting five years of probation on the assault with a dangerous weapon charge and one year 's probation on the simple assault charge -- but was forced to leave his job as mayor . Still , Cianci did n't go away completely . He remained very much a part of the Providence landscape and a fixture on talk radio . And soon after his probation was over , Cianci was elected mayor once again . He stayed in that position for 11 more years , continuing to push the redevelopment and becoming a celebrity of sorts -- with a signature marinara sauce and guest spots on the NBC show "  Providence . " But Cianci 's tenure in office ended abruptly , as part of what was known as Operation Plunder Dome . That led to his conviction in 2002 on federal corruption charge , earning him a sentence of five years and four months in prison , plus two years probation and a $ 100,000 fine . At his sentencing , U.S. District Judge Ernest Torres credited the then-mayor 's "  rare vision and boundless energy " and his "  great role in the renaissance of the city . " "  It is not an understatement to say that this is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , " Torres added , saying it was his job to sentence "  Mr. Hyde . " Reflecting on his past Wednesday , Cianci told CNN affiliate WPRI . "  I understand it comes with baggage , but I think people have to take you for who you are . "  They know me from head to toe . They know my faults . " Cianci joins six other candidates aiming for the office . "  There are some of you that may say that this is an 11th hour decision but I assure you it was not made irrationally or in haste , " said Cianci . " Rather it has been conceived with much soul searching and reflection . " During his announcement on Wednesday , Cianci acknowledged that he will be scrutinized for this decision and even hinted at his previous experiences as his foundation for being a worthy candidate . "  Experience is a great teacher , but often a painful one , " he said .	Vincent "  Buddy " Cianci has had two runs as mayor of Providence , Rhode Island Both tenures ended after he was indicted -- once for assault , next for corruption Now , Cianci says he 'll run again for mayor of Providence "  Experience is a great teacher , but often a painful one , " he said
Hundreds of anti-abortion activists gathered in Washington 's Lafayette Park on Sunday on the 39th anniversary of Roe v. Wade , the Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion nationwide . The 90-minute program featured speakers , music and a quick march along the White House 's north gate , located in front of the park . Many carried signs and recited prayers during the gathering , which was organized by the nonprofit group March for Life . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee told the crowd the reason he got into politics is because he is "  pro-life , " and believes "  if we get this issue wrong , we will inevitably get all the other issues wrong , too . " "  Whether the baby is in the mother 's womb , or whether it 's 8 years old or 18 or 80 , that life has value , not because I said so , but because God made it to have value , " said Huckabee , a Republican who made an unsuccessful presidential bid in 2008 . Emily Morgan , 21 , said she traveled from Cincinnati , Ohio , with her parents and pastor because she felt obligated to speak up . She told CNN she has had friends and family members who have had abortions and endured "  the emotional chaos that happens after that . " "  Killing is wrong , " Morgan said . "  Abortion is killing unborn children . " In a statement issued early Sunday , President Obama said he remains "  committed to protecting a woman 's right to choose and this fundamental constitutional right . " "  While this is a sensitive and often divisive issue , no matter what our views , we must stay united in our determination to prevent unintended pregnancies , support pregnant women and mothers , reduce the need for abortion , encourage healthy relationships , and promote adoption , " the statement said . Obama was in the White House residence during the protest , having spent some time earlier in the day at an off-site venue playing basketball with daughters Sasha and Malia . Other Roe v. Wade-related events were planned elsewhere in Washington Sunday and Monday , by both anti-abortion activists and abortion rights advocates alike .	Sunday was the 39th anniversary of the decision that legalized abortion Hundreds gather in Lafayette Park to demonstrate against abortion rights "  Life has value " no matter what age , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee says Obama says he remains "  committed to protecting a woman 's right to choose "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pentagon officials have begun preparing for the first transfer of power during war since Vietnam . They insist that the complicated transfer from the Bush administration to the Obama administration will go smoothly . The coming transfer of power during wartime will be the first since 1968 . President Bush met Thursday with members of his Cabinet , including Defense Secretary Robert Gates , and urged them to cooperate . "  We 're in a struggle against violent extremists determined to attack us , and they would like nothing more than to exploit this period of change to harm the American people , " Bush said . "  For the next 75 days , all of us must ensure that the next president and his team can hit the ground running . " Teams in Gates ' office and that of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen , have been working on the transition for months , according to Pentagon officials . See who Obama may be considering for his Cabinet " With ongoing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , it will mark the first time a transfer of power has taken place during wartime since 1968 , when Lyndon Johnson handed over power to Richard Nixon while the Vietnam War raged . "  We are preparing to make this as smooth a transition as we can , " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said this week . Although officials say the transition is in good hands , little is being said about what discussions will occur between the Pentagon teams and President-elect Barack Obama 's transition teams when they begin showing up within days or weeks . "  There is a recognition that given that we are a nation at war , that energy and effort -LSB- should -RSB- be sufficiently placed to ensure that we do n't drop any balls , because national security and supporting our fielded forces that are engaged in combat is of paramount importance to this country , " Whitman said . Robert Rangel , special assistant to Gates and the deputy secretary of defense , is in charge of the transition process in the Pentagon , while Marine Brig. Gen. Frank McKenzie , who reports to Rangel , is leading the effort for the Joint Chiefs . Last month , Gates issued guidelines for the transition , stressing that the department must maintain continuity of operations and ensure efficient and effective transition between the outgoing political leaders and the incoming administration , according to Whitman . The Pentagon has opened offices for Obama 's transition staff . The nondescript offices are just down the hall from the secretary of defense 's office and have been readied with computers , phones and filing cabinets . The offices remain empty until staff members are designated by Obama 's team and cleared through the White House . "  The initial contact point for the Obama transition team will be through the White House , and there will be a discussion on the way forward on the transition , and what will happen out of that will be a memorandum of understanding that says , ` these people will be working with the Defense Department , ' so we know who has been sanctioned and designated by the president-elect , " Whitman said . In his comments Thursday , Bush said , "  ensuring that this transition is as smooth as possible is a priority for the rest of my presidency . "	Transition of power will be the first during wartime since Vietnam Pentagon officials say they began transfer preparations weeks ago President Bush says terrorists could use this transfer period "  to attack us " Smooth transition of power is a "  priority for the rest of my presidency , " Bush says
CNN  -- Father , son , husband of a Spice Girl , fashion icon , role model , sporting ambassador . It is sometimes easy to forget that David Beckham was ever a midfielder of the highest caliber with more than 100 appearances for England . He wore a sarong , a headscarf , nail varnish , adorned his body with tattoos and changed his expertly coiffured hair-do practically every week . He spoke sparingly and , when he did , it was with a high-pitched , slightly effeminate whine . And , as far as anyone could tell , his female partner seemed to make all the important decisions . And yet his masculinity was never in doubt . Can you bend it like Beckham ? Prove it ! Send us your videos In the 1990s , we called Beckham a New Man , or a metrosexual . He was evidently straight , but never aggressive or even assertive in a traditional masculine way . In fact , he seemed mild-mannered . He dressed stylishly -- if a little too flamboyantly for many tastes -- groomed himself painstakingly and appeared unembarrassed when asked about his formidable following of gay fans . There was a shimmering complexity , a quiet elegance , and perhaps even a sly wit about Beckham . Footballers , as the world knew them , were hard-boiled characters , who liked a drink and a good play up , especially after a game . Their reputation was hewn from the granite of working class tradition -- men were tough and affectless . We can barely imagine the reaction in the locker room when Beckham unpacked moisturizer , bronzer , and assorted hair products from his kit bag . In the late 1990s , when he first surfaced , only Beckham could get away with it . After all , he enjoyed the adoration of women all over the world , had a pop star girlfriend and soon-to-be wife , and had to fend off advertisers who clamored for his endorsement services . He was a man with the world at his feet . He still is . Today , cultural history is unimaginable without Beckham -- because he helped change that history . He slew the image of the unrelentingly macho sport hero and emerged heroically as the world 's first all-purpose celebrity athlete . A symbol of a new masculinity . And still we have to remind ourselves : Beckham was never rated as the best footballer in the world . And , far from being a hellraiser or a serial womanizer like many a notorious sports figure , he was squeaky clean . Well , at least until 2004 when the News of the World tabloid alleged that he had an affair -- something he denied . Paradoxically , the alleged affair added rather than subtracted from his already iconic status , introducing a dash of devilry and rescuing Beckham from a kind of borderline piousness , and perhaps issuing a reminder that , despite all the affectations , his manhood was beyond doubt . So why is Beckham the game-changing celebrity athlete ? There were two David Beckhams : one the flesh-and-blood mortal who kicked a ball around for a living , the other a character that existed independently of time and space -- a product of our imaginations . Everyone thought they knew Beckham and enjoyed a secret relationship with him . He was like a blank canvas . Had he espoused his own views , or aligned himself with great causes he would have spoiled it . But he was silent , giving interviews rarely -- and , I suspect , at Victoria 's discretion . And while he stayed largely unknown , the Beckham mystique grew . When Beckham first entered the popular consciousness it was amid feelings of hate and revenge . Red-carded in a crucial England game against Argentina in the 1998 World Cup , Beckham was blamed for his team 's exit . Effigies of him were burnt and he was forced to retreat . It 's difficult to imagine the intensity of the loathing back then . Yet it was crucial in generating interest , even , passion . The sight , even the name of Beckham stirred up powerful feelings . Football fans may have despised him , but others were just curious . And they became more curious as Beckham defiantly refused to give interviews or make public appearances , save for at the occasional fashion launch or a party hosted by a rock star or designer . All this was very un-footballer-like and faintly unmanly . By the time Beckham and Victoria were married in 1999 , interest in him had extended far beyond the football fraternity . His most devoted followers knew nothing of football . Unlike traditional sport fans , they were not interested in how he played : they were interested in him -- just Beckham . At the start of the 21st century , there was only an embryonic celebrity culture ; the fascination we now have for people who make no material impact on our lives and , in many cases , had no accomplishments of note was a new and perplexing development . Fans knew famous sportsmen and women by their talents and achievements . Beckham was different , he was known for being Beckham and , in this sense , he was among the first generation of celebrities . Beckham 's departure from football will not mean his disappearance . He will remain on our TV screens , in our magazines and on advertising hoardings the world over . But most significantly , he will remain in our imaginations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ellis Cashmore .	David Beckham 's masculinity was never in doubt , writes Ellis Cashmore Beckham dressed stylishly -- if a little too flamboyantly for many tastes He became a symbol of a new masculinity
CNN  -- A man filmed a group of girls attacking a 12-year-old girl in his neighbor 's garden , and told Providence , Rhode Island , police he thought it was a prank . Two of the girls have been charged with assault with a deadly weapon and conspiracy , and two others have been charged with simple assault and conspiracy , said Providence Police Sgt. Matthew Ryan . The 12-year-old suffered two black eyes , a bruised nose and bite marks on her hands . Holly Gingerella , the girl 's mother , said , "  My daughter is doing OK . She does n't look very good , but she 's a strong child . " She said her daughter has a shunt in her brain to aid with a medical problem , but the shunt was not damaged in the assault . The man posted the video of the incident on YouTube , where he shows his face to the camera and describes the attack , "  Kids are  expletive  sitting outside for like 20 minutes saying , ` Do n't do this , do n't do that . You got ta keep going , you got ta keep fighting . ' They 're like planning it so they can just record it . " While he speaks , girls can be heard shouting in the background . Ryan said additional cell phone video of the attack was turned in to police after it was confiscated at Woonsocket Middle School . The principal 's office was closed when CNN tried to contact the school . Ryan said the man is not being charged and is not involved in the case now that the video is no longer in his possession . Gingerella said she was "  horrified " the man did n't try to stop her daughter 's attack . Gingerella said the leader of the girls invited her daughter to spend Friday night at her house and that all was normal between the girls . She said there had been no major incidents between them besides what she said were the usual ups and downs of a young school friendship . Gingerella described her daughter as someone who "  is very quiet . She likes to stay to herself . She tries to get people to like her . " On Saturday afternoon , Gingerella said , the situation changed . "  My daughter said everything turned bad in about 10 minutes . She was attacked and they would n't stop . She got up and ran . Then they attacked her on the pavement . Nobody interfered . Not even the man who videoed it . " Gingerella said the other girls posed as her daughter via text message , quickly canceling a request from her daughter to be picked up with a message saying , "  Can I please stay the night ? " After the incident , Gingerella 's daughter started to walk home before being picked up by one of her friends , who she begged not to tell her mother about the incident because she was afraid of retribution , Gingerella said . When the girl got home , Gingerella said her daughter told her she was hit by a softball , but then began crying and explained what happened . Gingerella said there were no parents in the house at the time of the incident . The mother of the girl accused of leading the attack spoke to CNN affiliate WJAR and said , "  I love my daughter , too . But my daughter needs help . My daughter has done this too many times . She needs to be punished for this . " Ryan said two of the girls had been turned in by their parents to police and charged as minors , while the other two are expected to be turned in soon . Parents of the other girls were not available for comment .	Four Rhode Island girls accused of attacking school friend Man who filmed the incident and posted it on YouTube says he thought it was a prank Police say other cell phone videos of incident were confiscated at school
CNN  -- South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford declared a state of emergency Thursday for a coastal county where a wildfire has consumed thousands of acres and destroyed dozens of homes . Scott Vereen sprays water on his family 's home Thursday near Conway , South Carolina . "  This has already proved to be a devastating event for Horry County , and it is n't over , " Sanford said in a written statement . The county includes some of the state 's most popular tourist spots , including the Myrtle Beach area . By late afternoon , however , officials in North Myrtle Beach said the fire there was mostly contained . "  The fire is very contained on our end right now , " said the city 's director of public safety , William Bailey . "  We have hot spots . I would say we 're about 75 to 80 percent -LSB- contained -RSB- . " But as he gestured toward the dark clouds behind him , he told people who had been evacuated : "  As you see with the smoke and activity behind us , we still got some issues that we 're concerned about . We 're doing everything we can to get you home . " Authorities began alerting people in the city 's Barefoot Resort area early Thursday after the fire jumped a highway and began consuming some houses . As of about 6 p.m. ET Thursday , the fire had consumed 15,500 acres , destroyed 69 homes and damaged 100 others , according to the Horry County Emergency Operations Center . While no fatalities or injuries were reported , some 2,500 people have been evacuated , officials said . About 440 people were in two shelters at the House of Blues and at the North Myrtle Beach Aquatic Center , the operations center said . Both the Barefoot Resort and the Pelican Bay subdivisions had been evacuated . In addition , three schools were evacuated because of heavy smoke . Eight vehicles had been destroyed as of Thursday afternoon , said Mayor Marilyn Hatley . Watch footage of coastal areas in flames " Bailey said authorities were hopeful the weather would continue to cooperate . Low humidity had persisted for most of the day . "  We have the resources , we just need to get a weather break , " he said . Authorities said the fire has been unpredictable . "  When we got our last report -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- , we had no idea that it would be crossing over into the Barefoot Resort area , " Hatley said at the morning news conference . "  The fire kind of created its own weather , and it just started the wind spinning . " Nick Gentile , 64 , told The Myrtle Beach Sun News that he left his Barefoot Resort home around 2 a.m. Thursday . "  They came around with a police car with a loudspeaker , " he told the newspaper , still wearing his blue-plaid pajamas . "  You always read about stuff like this , but you never know when you are going to be in it . " Helicopters were conducting water drops over portions of the area , Hatley said . The National Weather Service issued a dense smoke advisory for the county until 3 a.m. Friday . Thick plumes billowed high above buildings , prompting North Myrtle Beach school officials to close school Thursday , CNN affiliate WPDE-TV reported . Officials have not determined a cause for the fire , which began about noon Wednesday in Conway . CNN 's Samuel Gardner contributed to this report .	Wildfire has consumed 15,500 acres in Horry County , South Carolina Area is home to popular tourist spots , including Myrtle Beach South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford declares state of emergency in county No injuries are reported , but fire damages dozens of homes
CNN  -- Bayern Munich capped a successful week by returning to the top of the German Bundesliga with a 2-1 victory away to title rivals Schalke on Saturday despite having a man sent off in the first half . Louis Van Gaal 's team followed up the midweek Champions League victory over Manchester United with a win that puts them a point clear of previous leaders Schalke ahead of Wednesday 's trip to England for the second leg of the quarterfinal . Bayern took a 2-0 lead after only 26 minutes as Franck Ribery and Thomas Muller scored within 60 seconds of each other , but Schalke 's former Germany striker Kevin Kuranyi reduced the deficit soon after . The Bavarians had Hamit Altintop sent off for a second booking four minutes before halftime , but Schalke -- beaten by Bayern in the German Cup semifinals 10 days ago -- could not claim a point and had Marcelo Bordon dismissed at the end of the match . Bayern were again without Dutch forward Arjen Robben , who missed the United game with a calf problem , but surged into a two-goal lead when French playmaker Ribery fired home from a corner and Tuesday 's match-winner Ivica Olic set up Muller . Kuranyi followed up his double from last weekend with another strike from a pass by Rafinha , who was fouled by Altintop to see the Turkey international an early bath . Kuranyi should have leveled just before the break but missed from close range , and Schalke failed to seriously threaten the Bayern goal in the second spell . Third-placed Bayer Leverkusen suffered another blow to their title hopes with a 3-2 defeat at Eintracht Frankfurt which left the former leaders six points adrift of Bayern after a run of just one win in seven league outings . Frankfurt , who upset Bayern two weeks ago , moved up to eighth with a third successive win thanks to Maik Franz 's 89th-minute winner . Leverkusen led 2-1 straight after halftime through Stefan Kiessling 's second goal , but had Daniel Schwaab sent off three minutes later for a rash tackle on Umit Korkmaz . Caio leveled on 62 with a super long-range effort , and Franz snatched victory from close range . Borussia Dortmund consolidated fourth place with a 2-1 victory at home to Werder Bremen , scoring both goals in the first half through Kevin Grosskreutz and Neven Subotic before Aaron Hunt pulled one back in the 65th minute . Dortmund closed to with a point of Leverkusen , who hold the final Champions League place , and went four clear of fifth-placed Bremen . Stuttgart moved up to seventh with a 2-1 victory at home to Borussia Moenchengladbach , while Nuremberg moved three points clear of the relegation zone with a 2-0 win at home to 10-man Mainz . Bochum joined Nuremberg on 28 points with a 1-1 draw at third-bottom Freiburg , while bottom side Hertha Berlin earned a surprise 3-0 win at Cologne in Saturday 's late match thanks to two first-half goals from Raffael and a 75th-minute effort from fellow Brazilian Cicero .	Bayern Munich return to top of German Bundesliga with 2-1 victory at title rivals Schalke Bavarians beat previous leaders despite having Hamit Altintop sent off late in first half Third-placed Bayer Leverkusen six points behind Bayern after losing at Eintracht Frankfurt Borussia Dortmund close on Leverkusen with a 2-1 victory at home to Werder Bremen
The millennials are growing up , but they are not growing out of their liberalism . The generation born since 1981 is the age group most likely to vote Democratic . The eldest of them are in their 30s now , and they continue to be much more liberal than previous-age cohorts at the same point in their lives . A big new survey by the Pew Research Center seeks to understand why . Its report carries political warnings for conservatives -- and some larger warnings for us all . The warning for conservatives is : Millennial attachment to the Democratic Party is not a phase . Millennials are far less likely to be religiously affiliated than their elders . They are more likely to have children outside marriage  47 % of their children are born outside marriage , compared with only 35 % of Generation X children in 1996  . They are poorer than their predecessor generations at the same point in their life cycles . Despite facing higher levels of unemployment and student loans , millennials stand out -- in Pew 's phrase -- "  as the nation 's most stubborn economic optimists . " A majority expect that they will earn enough money in the future to live the lives they want . Let 's hope their dreams come true . But looking at the demographic and economic statistics , that 's not the way to bet . What then ? Here 's a generation detached from religious institutions and only weakly attached to the country : Only 49 % of millennials describe themselves as patriotic , compared with 64 % of the next older cohort and 75 % of baby boomers . Millennials are alienated . What will happen if they feel disappointed as well ? One prediction about their future is already coming true : The millennial generation will be a generation characterized by high levels of inter-ethnic political conflict . Among the young as among the old , political preferences are cleaved by race and ethnicity . One obvious example : Non-white millennials approve of President Obama 's job performance by a 2-1 ratio . White millennials disapprove by almost the same margin . By a margin of 52 % to 39 % , white millennials prefer a smaller government that offers fewer services to a bigger government that offers more . Non-white millennials say the opposite by a margin of 71 % to 21 % . These numbers show a racial gap about the same as among the older cohorts . However , since non-whites make up a bigger portion of the millennials than in older generations , their overwhelming preference for a more activist government will sway future elections even more than recent ones . Good news for liberals ? Maybe . But maybe not . Since John F. Kennedy 's clarion "  ask not , " liberals have tried to call Americans to a politics of common purpose . The continuing sharp divide between the politics of the country 's dwindling white former majority and its emerging non-white new majority may portend that common purpose will recede even further out of reach than ever . A quality of millennials that leaps out from the survey is their deep mistrust of other people . In response to the question , "  Generally speaking , would you say that most people can be trusted or that you ca n't be too careful in dealing with people , " just 19 % of millennials say most people can be trusted , compared with 31 % of Generation Xers , 37 % of the silent generation and 40 % of boomers . Pew hypothesizes that this low level of trust is a consequence of the economic vulnerability of the milllennial generation : "  People who feel vulnerable or disadvantaged for whatever reason find it riskier to trust because they 're less well-fortified to deal with the consequences of misplaced trust . " Yet there 's another -- and more ominous -- explanation lurking in the numbers . Robert Putnam of "  Bowling Alone " fame has collected data showing that social trust declines as a community becomes more ethnically diverse . "  The short run effect of being around people who are different from us is to make all of us uncertain -- to hunker down , to pull in , to trust everybody less . Like a turtle in the presence of some feared threat , we pull in . " In other words , in a more diverse society , it 's not just those who feel vulnerable who trust less . In a more diverse society , everybody trusts less . The clarion call of common purpose begins to sound more like a warning alarm that your group is about to be used for the benefit of another . The accusation that the  non-white  "  takers " are plundering the  white  "  makers " has powered protest politics since 2009 . If anything , that accusation looks likely to increase in its political effect in the years ahead . As America has become more ethnically diverse , political leaders have insisted ever more persistently that this diversity is a source of strength . Let 's hope that proves to be true . America will need that strength in a future that , by the number , seems likely to be more mutually suspicious , more alienated , more unequal and less united by patriotism .	A Pew report says millennials are most likely to vote Democratic David Frum : Survey indicates that they are less trusting , patriotic , more alienated Some say social trust declines as a community becomes more ethnically diverse Frum : As U.S. becomes more ethnically diverse , will diversity be a source of strength ?
CNN  -- Women spend every day juggling bosses and birthday parties , dates and diapers , but when was the last time you had a day to do what you want to do , obligation-free ? How about four ? Enter Campowerment , a retreat for women to , as they put it , "  escape , unwind and reignite your flame ; to renew and re-energize , however you choose to do it . " Translation : Me time . Big-time . It was founded by Tammi Fuller , an Emmy award-winning TV producer , who calls camp her "  happy place " and dreams of being a camp director full time . Campowerment offers a variety of activities for body , mind and spirit . "  We go out of our way not to make it spiritual , " Fuller says , "  because there are so many retreats like that . It 's all there , but it happens naturally . We say it 's a life-changing weekend for some people , but what that is is different for everyone . Some people do n't even know what they need when they get there . "  That 's what we hear , ' I did n't even know how badly I needed it . ' " The camps are held in Malibu , California , and Ocala , Florida , with an upcoming session being planned in New York next year . The four-day weekend costs $ 975 for all lodging , meals , snacks , alcohol and activities . Let me get a few things out of the way : I did n't pay to attend . I was at camp as reporter invited by the organizer . Although I loved summer camp as a kid , these days I 'm not what you 'd call a joiner . My emotions run deep , but I do n't typically share them with just anybody . And I fantasize about chucking my life and living like a hippie , but for now I enjoy both privacy and luxury of all varieties . My approach to the weekend was to think of it as a very cool work assignment , and the limited cell reception would give me an excuse not to check e-mail . I did n't expect to love it and I certainly did n't expect to be changed by it . But then the alchemy of being in nature with a group of amazing women kicks in . I met women who loved summer camp as a kid , and wanted to relive the days of youth ; moms who celebrated a milestone birthday away from the stress of daily life and others who just wanted a getaway . Our days were filled with yoga and fitness , parenting and relationship workshops , life coaching , healthy cooking demonstrations , energy healing , journaling , astrology and palm reading , fashion and style advice , as well as sing-alongs , s ` more roasting , a sex toy party and happy hour featuring vodka-soaked gummy worms . You 're participating in activities  or not -- everything is optional  that push you out of your comfort zone physically and emotionally , and supporting one another in the process . Before I knew it , all of my defenses melted and gave way to deep bonding . In fact , I was so present that , with apologies to my editor , I kinda forgot I was there to write . "  It was so nice to just be with other women and share our stories , " says Selena Long , 40 , a stay-at-home mother of two from of Scottsdale , Arizona . "  It made me a happier person . I felt renewed and like I am not alone . " "  It was amazing to see strong friendships form after only three days , " says Jill Brody Sundahl , 45 , an entertainment marketing consultant from Studio City , California . "  I was more open with sharing feelings than I thought I might be with complete strangers . " The idea for Campowerment started in 2001 when Fuller 's friend invited her over for wine and chocolate with four other women , none of whom knew anyone but the hostess . "  Apparently we were all bitching and moaning to her about the same things , " Fuller recalls . "  We were working too hard , we were not working out enough , we were all making more money than our men , we were giving our kids too much and not taking anything for ourselves , we were taking care of our aging parents , we were trying to figure out ` What 's this spiritual thing ? ' and if there 's really a god and everything happens for a reason , why the hell am I so miserable ? "  Because we did n't know each other , it was the theory of sitting next to the stranger on an airplane : We started to talk about things like guilt and relationships and sex and stuff that is normally off-limits in your world . It was a place to share common experiences ; to go and dump in a safe space . There was unconditional acceptance and no judgment at all . " The group 's meetings eventually grew longer , and their lives more intertwined . The gatherings were so therapeutic , the women decided to share their stories in the hope that it would have the same effect on others . They also organized retreats , originally dubbed Camp Bombshell . Fuller refined the program over the years . The April Campowerment session I attended was the 19th camp she 's produced , and every camp lineup is different . At ours , a reading led by Mary Ann Zoellner , co-author of "  Sh*tty Mom : The Parenting Guide for the Rest of Us , " found a roomful of mothers laughing for an hour straight in both recognition and relief as they shared stories of their own so-called s -- tty parenting . One woman sometimes keeps her kids up past their bedtime so she can sleep late , one lies about dead batteries -- even on toys that do n't run on them -- when she does n't feel like dealing . Another accidentally left her sleeping infant upstairs when she and her husband went to a movie for the first time after the baby was born . "  It made me realize there are so many moms out there like me and we are n't s -- tty , but truly great moms who are n't perfect , " Sundahl says . "  It was highly amusing and it felt good to laugh from the belly , " says Tina Ryder , 42 , a daycare business owner , from Scottsdale , Arizona . The centerpiece of the Campowerment experience is the ropes course , which involves traversing an elevated balance beam and swinging off Tarzan-style when you reach the other side , or climbing a 35-foot telephone poll and jumping off onto a trapeze , AKA the "  leap of faith . " "  I loved the ` leap of faith , ' " Long says . "  It was scary , emotional and invigorating . So freeing . " "  We 've got these hot coaches offering encouragement , " Fuller says . "  You do n't realize you 're about to be transformed because you just think , I just have to get across that beam or to the top of that pole . But when you get to the top , all of a sudden , you 're raw . You 're standing looking at the ocean . You 're so proud of yourself and ca n't believe you did it . " That 's when the coaches start asking you questions : What do you love about your life ? What do you want to leave behind ? What 's not working for you ? What are you afraid of ? "  Who thinks about that ?! " Fuller says . "  Now you 're standing on the top of the world with people on the ground cheering for you . There 's something magical that happens from the unconditional support you 're getting from people that 48 hours before you never even knew that bonds everybody instantly . Everybody is so happy for each other . " Before Campowerment , I was perfectly content for my thrills with poles to take place at sea level . See , I mistook the "  leap of faith " for a physical adventure that I was n't particularly interested in , but would be mad at myself for skipping . Instead , it was an unexpected confrontation with -- and then triumph over -- my limiting beliefs . My brain tried every excuse to keep me from reaching the top , all of which basically boiled down to : What if you try and you fail ? It 's a recurring negative thought that has prevented me from taking other risks in my life . Through sheer force of will that this time be different , and the encouragement from the women below , I reached the top with a new outlook on life : The view is breathtaking , and you 're supported even if you fail . "  I did the swing and it was fun and all , but the ladies who did the pole brought me to tears every time , " Ryder says . "  I felt like I was going through all their emotions with them -- with my feet firmly on the ground -- and fighting for them to overcome whatever challenge they were struggling through . " "  The leap of faith was a game changer for me , " says Alison Manzardo , a 40-year-old mother of two . "  I have never done anything like that before . It was a raw fear that I pushed through . I felt supported and found a courage that I did n't know existed . " Of course , Fuller did . "  We did n't just pull the experts off the street , " she says . "  I spent months building this team . They 're well-heeled in what they do , but more importantly , I 've been helped personally by them and I just want to share with people the stuff that 's helped me . "  I 'm a 53-year-old single mother , workaholic , camp-obsessed person , " she says . "  I 'm every woman . I 'm 10 pounds overweight , I 'm struggling to juggle my life , I want more in the way of money , I want more love , I want to be able to share and have joy every day , I want to have children who contribute to the planet , I want more out of my life . " Now , at least for one weekend at a time , we can .	Campowerment retreat draws women to a grown-up version of summer camp Activities include archery , yoga and the "  leap of faith , " a jump from a 35-foot pole Also : s ` more roasting , happy hour sing-alongs , a sex toy party Camper : "  It was so nice to just be with other women and share our stories "
CNN  -- Nick Charles , who started off as a taxi driver and later became the first sports anchor at CNN , died Saturday after battling bladder cancer since 2009 . He was 64 . Charles died peacefully , looking out at the spectacular land that drew him to Santa Fe , New Mexico , his wife , Cory , said . Charles began at CNN on the network 's first day , June 1 , 1980 , and covered nearly every sporting event over the years . He was paired with Fred Hickman for most of the next two decades on "  Sports Tonight , " a show that beat ESPN in ratings when the upstarts were battling for viewers . To this day , he and Hickman remain one of the longest-lasting anchor duos in television . Topps , the trading-card company , put Charles ' million-dollar smile on a bubble gum card , a rarity for a television personality . People magazine once dubbed him one of the most handsome men in America . "  Nick was your friend from the moment you met him -- and he stayed your friend forever , " said Rick Davis , one of Charles ' producers at CNN in the 1980s . "  All of us who had the very good fortune to have been his friend have so much to remember about how he touched our lives in his own special way , " said Davis , who is CNN 's executive vice president of News Standards and Practices . At his home in Santa Fe recently , Charles pointed to his signature mop of curly black hair as he scrolled through photographs of his on-air days . "  Look at that thing , " he said with a laugh . "  It 's my Billy Ray Cyrus mullet . " Facing death , Charles embraced life While the world knew Charles for his sportscaster days , it was his battle with cancer that inspired tens of thousands of people . In a recent CNN.com article , he talked openly about the dying process and preparing his family for when he was gone . He made birthday video diaries for his 5-year-old daughter , Giovanna , in the years to come . "  This is a gift from God where I need to build these memories for her , so that I 'm not a blur , " he said . "  I feel that when I go , that I 'm going to prepare a place for my daughter and my wife . I 'm going to be in their heart and soul . I tell them that every day . " Gupta : The friend I ca n't fix His message , he said , is to "  never give up on life . " "  It 's an imperfect world , but , boy , it 's still beautiful . " "  What is life ? " he said . "  It 's 20 percent what happens to you and 80 percent how you react to it . " "  Find that little kernel every day that brings you pleasure and joy -- and fasten onto that . That 's what 's going to make life worth living . Always look for the best . " "  When you 're contemplating your mortality and your life , " he said , "  those are the things I reflect on . " The son of a taxi driver who was mostly absent from his life , Nicholas Charles Nickeas grew up poor in inner-city Chicago . In grade school , during the frigid winters when his dad did n't pay the heat bills , Charles would curl up in bed with his mother and brother to stay warm . He struggled in high school . He had no mentors . He was too busy working late-night jobs at produce docks in desolate Chicago neighborhoods . Once , his boss pointed to mounds of rat feces , threw lye all over the floor and handed the 17-year-old Charles a pair of gloves , rubber boots and a hoe . He scrubbed away , but thought to himself : "  I 'll never be trapped again in life . Never . Never . " "  That was a watershed , life-changing moment for me . It really drove me to the point where I had focus in my life . " He eventually went to Columbia College Chicago , where he studied communications and journalism . He drove a taxi to help pay for college . Even in the driver 's seat , he was practicing for his broadcast career . "  I was n't nosey , but just curious about people 's life . I 'd ask , ` How 'd you get to this country ? What was the spark that motivated you in life ? ' ... I do n't know what it was , but people would open up . " Charles was still driving taxis in the fall of 1970 when he auditioned for his first television job , at WICS in Springfield , Illinois . Two days later , he got the job . He took a pay cut to enter the television business : $ 130 a week as a sports anchor , compared with $ 200 driving a taxi . He was told by his news director that his Greek name was too ethnic and to change it to something more "  vanilla . " "  Nick Nickeas , sounds like you got a stutter , too , " the news director added . At the age of 24 , Nick Charles was born . He covered sports for WICS , before the job rolled into just about anything , from farm reports to fluff . A wolf once urinated on his leg : "  The mother wolf was a little mad . We got a little too close to her cubs . " From Springfield , he worked at local stations in Baltimore and Washington before joining CNN . And it 's at CNN where he shined . In his prime , he and Hickman had chemistry , charisma and dynamism -- a duo of boundless energy . The two were revolutionary for their time , a white and black man sitting side-by-side live every night in studios from the once-segregated South . "  We just clicked from the very beginning , " Hickman said in an interview before Charles ' death . "  In television , you always have personality conflicts . Nick and I never had one . Nick and I have always had a tremendous relationship . " Hickman 's favorite memory with his long-time friend came in the 1980s when they arrived in Los Angeles for the Cable Ace Awards . Stretch limousines and other luxurious cars were parked everywhere . "  We pulled up in a red Ford Tempo , " Hickman said with a laugh . His favorite line ever uttered by Charles came after Mike Tyson demolished an opponent : "  Tyson tore his meat house down . " "  I still do n't know what it means , " Hickman said , "  but I love it . " Charles covered everything from the Olympics to the Super Bowl to the Kentucky Derby . But boxing was his passion . He covered some of the most classic boxing matches -- when Tyson bit Evander Holyfield 's ear , when Roberto Duran quit and told Sugar Ray Leonard , "  No mas . " Seeing an undefeated Tyson get knocked out by Buster Douglas in Tokyo in 1990 was epic . "  That night was magical , " Charles said . "  It speaks to the uncertainty , that anybody 's cloak of invincibility can be ripped away . " Charles would cry when he talked about the strength of boxers , because when he looked at the ring , he saw young men like him from the inner city who had to rely on themselves to reach success . "  You have to walk down that alley way to the ring , " he said . "  You 're going to get hit . You have to take pain to get it . You have to fight through fear . " "  There 's just such an empathy I have for these guys . They want it so badly . " Tyson on Saturday sent a message on Twitter : "  Mourning the loss of a true warrior . My friend & brother , Nick Charles . " In an interview in March , Charles had said he hoped to make it to one more Easter , to see his dream home completed in May , to see his daughter play the piano , to reach his 65th birthday on June 30 . He made three of those four goals . "  If I do n't make it , " he said , "  there 's no need for any pity parties . " "  People wo n't remember who you are or what you said , " he said . "  It 's really about : Are you going to be remembered as a good person ? " "  That 's victory to me . That 's success . " Charles is survived by his wife , Cory , of 13 years and their daughter , Giovanna . He has three children from two previous marriages : Jason , 39 ; Melissa , 36 ; and Katie , 24 . "  His passing is a loss to CNN , to the sports world and to the fans and friends everywhere who were with him to the end of his extraordinary life , " said Jim Walton , Charles ' field producer in his early days and current president of CNN Worldwide . Nick Charles and his family formed the "  Embrace Life " project to help stop child trafficking and abuse , increase access to education and allow children to embrace life . Working with the humanitarian organization World Vision and the TEACH NOW : Preventing Child Labor in the Philippines project , the family welcomes support here : www.worldvision.org/EmbraceLife .	Charles began at CNN on the network 's first day , June 1 , 1980 Charles appeared on a bubble gum card , a rarity for a television personality He covered everything from the Olympics to the Super Bowl to the Kentucky Derby
CNN  -- "  The British are n't coming ! The British are n't coming ! " screams the headline of New York 's Daily News , describing Britain as "  normally reliable " but now a surprising let-down for U.S. President Barack Obama . Following a lengthy debate in the UK parliament Thursday , a majority voted against the government 's motion to militarily intervene in Syria in response to an alleged chemical attack by the Assad regime . The result of the emergency meeting has been described in the press as a humiliating defeat for both UK Prime Minister David Cameron and Obama . The New York Times says Cameron 's intentions were hasty and the result of the vote was a "  blow " to the U.S. president . "  Like nearly all presidents since the Vietnam War , he has relied on Britain to be shoulder-to-shoulder with Washington in any serious military or security engagement , " it said . Writing for Canada 's National Post , author Kelly McParland criticizes U.S. President Barack Obama 's approach as slow and indecisive . "  Syria 's government can only feel fortunate that so grievous a violation of international norms has provoked so uncertain and disjointed a response , " she concludes . Al Jazeera reports UK finance minister George Osborne 's view that the result will diminish Britain 's position in the world and fray the bond it has with the U.S. Russia 's weekly newspaper the Moscow News says the debate is "  a stunning defeat " for Cameron . They also add that the White House has said Thursday 's U.N. Security Council permanent member meeting , which failed to reach a conclusion , was another effort by Russia to not hold the Syrian regime accountable for the use of chemical weapons . Russia 's English-speaking daily , Moscow Times , says there are eight issues that must be considered before carrying out an attack on Syria . It says the main point is that Western leaders are not thinking about the bigger picture , such as whether military intervention will actually prevent further use of chemical weapons . The paper also suggests pushing for diplomatic instead of military resolutions . The BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson writes : "  The prime minister has lost control of his own foreign and defence policy and as a result he will cut a diminished figure on the international stage . " He adds that the prime minister 's defeat will be mostly felt within his own party . UK 's daily newspaper The Independent said Cameron 's military plans were "  shot down in a dramatic Commons vote " and that "  foreign policy is in disarray . " It adds that the prime minister 's "  humiliating defeat " questions his leadership . The paper also claimed the loss was a win for opposition leader Ed Miliband , who supported military intervention but then spoke firmly against it . According to the paper , some Tory ministers were quite confused . In the British political television program Newsnight , Defence Secretary Philip Hammond twice referred to the need to deter "  Saddam Hussein " from chemical warfare . British tabloid newspaper The Mirror also claims that UK politicians can not pin Damascus on a map . "  One person picked Texas - hopefully they were joking , " quips the paper . Britain 's Daily Mail newspaper suggests Cameron has shot himself in the foot , describing him as the "  Grand Old Duke of York " attempting to march his men to the top of the hill . "  He now discovers that he has charged up his own hill while the majority of the British people and indeed a majority of their MPs remain stubbornly at the bottom . " Time Magazine reminds readers in its blog that the British government 's desire to take action in Syria is nothing new , including numerous warnings to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to stop attacks on his own people . French news outlet France 24 expresses shock at the result of the vote , claiming that the nation 's President Francois Hollande will maintain his firm stance in support of military intervention . Unlike in the UK , the French leader does not need a vote in parliament to back his actions . Hollande is also quoted as saying that Britain 's agreement is not needed : "  Each country is sovereign to participate or not in an operation . That is valid for Britain as it is for France . " The South China Morning Post in Hong Kong reflects on the Iraq War -- the memory of which clouded the debate in parliament and gave rise to concerns from politicians who remember the invasion only too vividly , it says . However , unlike the uncertain grounds of that war , the paper points to the strong evidence of the use of chemical weapons . "  Unlike Iraq in 2003 , the triggering event in Syria a decade later is not a shaky argument that the government possesses weapons of mass destruction , but a rocket assault that left hundreds of victims convulsing and gasping for breath , glassy-eyed and foaming at the mouth -- all classic symptoms of a reaction to poison gas . " However , some feel excluded from the debate altogether . The online version of the Israeli Haaretz Newspaper claims that Israel should have been a part of the discussion : "  During the lengthy debate in the British parliament over a possible military intervention in Syria on Thursday , Israel barely featured . "	British members of parliament voted against military intervention in Syria The decision goes against the government 's motion and U.S. President Barack Obama 's intentions
CNN  -- Samsung 's flagship smartphone could be getting twice as fast . The South Korean electronics company plans to release a quicker version of the Galaxy S4 , says CEO J.K. Shin . He told Reuters it will be for sale in South Korea later this month . The phones , which will be powered by a new Qualcomm processor , use what 's being called LTE-advanced technology , which will reportedly deliver data at speeds up to twice those of current 4G LTE connections . Some downloads could be even quicker . A movie that takes three minutes to download on the current Galaxy S4 would take one minute on the new phone , Samsung told Reuters Shin said Samsung is in talks with carriers in other countries about the phone . He did not specify which countries , or carriers . The Galaxy S4 has been Samsung 's most popular smartphone yet . It passed 10 million sales in its first month -- a clip that outpaced its predecessor , the S3 , which emerged as the Android system 's most successful rival to the iPhone . Recently , though , both Apple and Samsung have seen a slowdown in sales of top-end smartphones , as that market has shown signs of becoming saturated . An even faster S4 , obviously , would be an effort to appeal to that upper-tier buyer who 's willing to fork over cash for the fanciest and fastest new models . Shin told Reuters the new model would be "  slightly more expensive " than the current S4 , which sells for $ 199 and up , depending on the carrier and which service plan the customer signs up for . Last month , Samsung announced that it will be making a smaller version of the S4 . That phone will be unveiled at an event Thursday . There also have been unconfirmed reports that Apple will release a cheaper version of its iPhone . As the high-end market tightens up , Apple , Samsung and other phone makers are eyeing developing countries , where interest in smartphones is still growing .	Report : Samsung CEO says phone to be released first in South Korea Variant will transmit data at twice the normal speed Samsung in talks with carriers in other countries about the phone , report says
CNN  -- Elizabeth Johnson -- whose 8-month-old baby , Gabriel , disappeared in 2009 after she allegedly took him to Texas -- was found guilty Thursday of unlawful imprisonment and custodial interference . Johnson also was originally charged with kidnapping , but the jury could n't reach a verdict on that charge . Instead , the jury found her guilty with aggravating circumstances on the lesser charge of imprisonment and two custodial interference charges . Her next appearance in court will be November 1 when the judge will set a sentencing date . She has already served nearly three years in jail , having been taken into custody shortly after Gabriel disappeared . He was 8 months old when he was last spotted alive at a Texas motel in late 2009 . What happened to him is unclear . Johnson originally told the boy 's father that she had killed Gabriel , but after she was arrested , she told police that she gave the baby to an anonymous couple in San Antonio , CNN affiliate KPHO-TV reported . Police in San Antonio searched a landfill and found nothing . There also have been searches in Arizona and Florida , according to HLN , the sister network to CNN . The San Antonio police website lists Gabriel as a missing person . The mystery began December 17 , 2009 , after a judge awarded Johnson and Logan McQueary , the boy 's father , joint custody of Gabriel . But Johnson allegedly defied the ruling and set out for Texas with her son . McQueary did n't hear from Johnson until several days later , when she reportedly sent him a text message saying she 'd killed Gabriel and put his body in a Dumpster . "  I killed him , " Johnson said in a text to McQueary on December 27 , 2009 . "  U will never see Gabriel again , I made sure of that . And you can spend the rest of ur pathetic life wondering about him . " The scathing series of texts continued . "  U will never find me im already bording a plane . Out of the country , " Johnson said . "  When im safe ill email u the exact location of dead gabriels little blue body . If the garbage do n't come first . " McQueary also recorded a phone call from Johnson in which she made similar claims . Johnson : "  You made me do this . " McQueary : "  You did not hurt Gabriel . " Johnson : "  Yes , I did . I suffocated him . ... . I suffocated him and he turned blue . And I put him in his diaper bag and I put him in the trash can . " Johnson was arrested on December 30 , 2009 , in Miami Beach , Florida . She told police she gave Gabriel to a unknown couple under the direction of a woman named Tammi Smith . Johnson and Smith had met in June 2009 , when both women were waiting for the same flight in the Indianapolis airport . Smith suggested to the young mother that she and her husband adopt Gabriel . Johnson said she called Smith that December to ask if the couple was still interested . In May , Smith was found guilty of forgery and conspiracy to interfere with Gabriel 's custody . She was sentenced to probation and 30 days in jail . Smith 's conviction does not relate to the boy 's disappearance , but her efforts to conspire with Johnson to deny McQueary his rights to see his son . Smith told the court that she helped Johnson and helped care for Gabriel for nine days . Smith eventually apologized for any "  pain and suffering " that helping Johnson may have caused , even as she firmly insisted that her intentions were good .	NEW : Jury adds aggravating circumstances provision to three convictions NEW : Next court date is November 1 , to set sentencing date Elizabeth Johnson also was originally charged with kidnapping , but jury could n't reach verdict "  Baby Gabriel " disappeared in 2009 when he was 8 months old
CNN  -- An Australian man who "  surfed " a floating whale carcass surrounded by sharks has admitted that he was an "  idiot " to attempt the foolhardy feat . Harrison Williams , 26 , was on a boating excursion with friends off the coast of Western Australia over the weekend when they came across the dead whale . "  Out on the boat with the boys and one of my mates thought it 'd be pretty funny if I surfed the whale , so I just did it , " Williams told CNN affiliate Seven Network . He launched himself into the water and clambered onto the rotting carcass . But his friends ' mirth quickly turned to horror when they noticed all the sharks swimming around the whale , feasting on its flesh . "  Hazza ! There 's sharks there ! Come back ! " screams one of his friends in a video of the bizarre scene . ` Mum thinks I 'm an idiot ' Several tiger sharks and at least one great white shark were reported to have been feeding on the carcass . Williams said he 'd seen the sharks , including the great white , before he jumped in . But that did n't put him off taking the leap . "  He was too busy chomping on the whale so was n't too bad , " he told Seven Network . But not everyone was impressed . The Department of Fisheries said his behavior was risky and irresponsible , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported . And Williams ' parents were none too pleased . "  Mum thinks I 'm an idiot , Dad 's not too proud either , " he said . He said he now agrees with their assessment and is "  pretty grateful to still be alive . " Carcass brings threat to beach Authorities say that because the whale was dead and Williams did n't remove any part of it , he wo n't be fined for his actions , Seven Network reported . The carcass has since washed up on a beach at Scarborough , a suburb of the city of Perth , apparently drawing sharks with it . Authorities said they had closed that beach and two others nearby , with sharks sighted in the vicinity . Williams , meanwhile , says he wo n't be trying any similar stunts again . "  I 've done it , " he said . "  Do n't need to do it again . " Could dead whales explode ?	Harrison Williams , 26 , climbs on whale carcass surrounded by sharks "  One of my mates thought it 'd be pretty funny , " he tells local broadcaster But now he acknowledges now that he 's lucky to be alive "  Mum thinks I 'm an idiot , Dad 's not too proud either , " he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The scheduled arraignment of a California woman charged with murder for allegedly pushing her 7-month-old boy off the fourth story of a parking garage was delayed Thursday , a district attorney 's spokeswoman said . The arraignment for Sonia Hermosillo -- once planned for Thursday -- has been pushed back to Monday , said Farrah Emami , a spokeswoman for the Orange County District Attorney 's Office . Authorities initially charged Hermosillo , 31 , of La Habra , California , with attempted murder . But after the boy died Wednesday , prosecutors upgraded it to one felony count of murder and one felony count of assault on a child with force likely to produce great bodily injury resulting in death . If convicted , Hermosillo would face a maximum sentence of 25 years to life in state prison , according to the district attorney 's office . The incident occurred Monday at a parking garage at the Children 's Hospital of Orange County . A witness saw the baby fall and called police . Investigators interviewed several witnesses and reviewed a surveillance video from the garage . The image of a license plate on a 2000 Chevy Blazer seen leaving the garage shortly after the incident led police to Hermosillo . Authorities found an empty child seat in Hermosillo 's vehicle , according to a police statement . The baby had medical conditions that required regular treatment at the children 's hospital , the district attorney 's office said , and he wore a helmet for one of his medical conditions . "  Hermosillo is accused of removing the victim 's helmet and pushing her baby from the parking structure with the intention of murdering him with the four-story fall , " the district attorney 's office said . She then walked inside the hospital , validated her parking and left the scene , the office said . "  Baby Noe , " as the district attorney 's statement referred to the infant , was critically injured and died Wednesday at the University of California-Irvine Medical Center . The district attorney 's statement said Hermosillo has two other children . CNN 's Jillian Ohlenschlaeger contributed to this report .	NEW : The arraignment is now set for August 29 , says a a district attorney 's spokeswoman The boy , who required frequent hospital visits , died on Wednesday Prosecutors say the mother pushed the baby , validated her parking and left Hermosillo , who was expected to be arraigned Thursday , has two other children
CNN  -- Josep Guardiola hailed Bayern Munich 's best Bundesliga performance this season after his side crushed Schalke 4-0 on Saturday to stay second in the league . Bayern joined Borussia Dortmund on 16 points , as the leading side could only draw 1-1 away to another Bavarian side , Nuremberg , and lose its 100 % record . "  That was our best Bundesliga performance of the season so far . We totally dominated one of the strongest teams in Germany , " said coach Guardiola . "  We did very well . I 'm satisfied and proud of this performance and my players . " Schalke , like Bayern , had won in the opening round of the Champions League group stage in midweek but had no answer to the European and German champion . Vice-captain Bastian Schweinsteiger scored the opener on his return from injury , converting Arjen Robben 's 21st-minute corner , and striker Mario Mandzukic made it 2-0 at halftime with a header from David Alaba 's cross . Second-half goals from France midfielder Franck Ribery and substitute striker Claudio Pizarro sealed Bayern 's 31st league match without defeat and ended the home side 's run of four wins in all competitions . "  Four-nil at home is a hiding and not we wanted at all , " said Schalke coach Jens Keller . "  We started very , very well , and had 20 very good minutes . But then we were hit by a double strike and we never recovered from it . " Dortmund , losing finalist in last season 's Champions League , could not bounce back from a midweek defeat against Italian side Napoli . Nuremberg had not won in five previous matches , and went behind eight minutes before halftime to a free-kick by defender Marcel Schmelzer . However , Per Nilsson canceled that out six minutes after the break against a Dortmund side which had key players Robert Lewandowski and Henrikh Mkhitaryan on the bench , rested after their European exertions . One point behind the top two , Bayer Leverkusen also has five wins from six after winning 4-1 at Mainz . Australia striker Robbie Kruse scored twice and set up another for Lars Bender before Stefan Kiessling headed his fifth goal this season . Hannover stayed fourth after beating Ausgburg 2-1 at home thanks to a late penalty from Hungary midfielder Szabolcs Huszti . Hamburg , which reportedly hopes to appoint former Netherlands coach Bert van Marwijk to replace the sacked Thorsten Fink , slumped to a fourth successive defeat as striker Nils Petersen netted both goals in a 2-0 win for Werder Bremen . Another former Bayern striker , Ivica Olic , also scored twice to take his league tally to four as sixth-placed Wolfsburg beat Hoffenheim 2-1 . The Croatian 's double came after Anthony Modeste joined Kiessling , Mainz 's Nicolai Muller , Stuttgart 's Vedad Ibisevic and Dortmund 's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on a Bundesliga-leading five goals .	Bayern Munich joins Borussia Dortmund at the top of the Bundesliga table German and European champion Bayern wins 4-0 away to Schalke Dortmund drops first points of season in 1-1 draw at Nuremberg Third-placed Bayer Leverkusen also has five wins from six games
CNN  -- India 's Virender Sehwag plundered the highest score in one-day international cricket as his team routed the West Indies by 153-runs Thursday to clinch their five-match series . Opener Sehwag has a reputation for fast scoring , but surpassed himself with a brutal knock of 219 off just 149 balls in India 's highest-ever one-day total of 418 for five wickets in 50 overs . Sehwag broke the previous best of 200 not out by his legendary compatriot Sachin Tendulkar as he took advantage of a perfect batting wicket at the Holkar Stadium in Indore . He picked up 25 boundaries and seven sixes , surviving a dropped catch by West Indies captain Darren Sammy while on 170 . He was finally caught in the deep off Kieron Pollard after putting on 176 for the first wicket with Gautam Gambhir  67  and 140 for the second with Suresh Raina  55  . "  I was cheering for Sachin when he got his double-hundred and it 's great to emulate that , " the 33-year-old Sehwag told AFP . "  The pitch was great and allowed you to play your shots . I think you can get a double-hundred like this when you 're experienced . The last time I played 47 overs I got 175 , this time I got 200 . " The West Indies , who were looking to level the series at 2-2 , were always behind the run chase as debutant leg-spinner Rahul Sharma picked up three wickets in his first three overs for the home side . Only a fine 96 from wicketkeeper Denesh Ramdin saved them from total humiliation as they fell 3-1 down in the series . Sehwag is skippering India in the series in the absence of the rested Mahendra Singh Dhoni and had scored just 46 runs in the previous three matches . The final game will be played in Chennai Sunday .	Virender Sehwag sets one-day international scoring record He hits 219 off 149 balls to beat previous best of Sachin Tendulkar India 's 418-5 is their best-ever total in one-day internationals They open winning 3-1 series lead over West Indies
CNN  -- Roger Federer will not feature in a Grand Slam final in the same calendar year for the first time since 2002 , after he was knocked out of the U.S. Open by Spain 's Tommy Robredo . The winner of 17 Grand Slam titles , including five in New York , suffered a straight sets defeat in his fourth round match at Flushing Meadows , losing 7-6  7/3  6-3 6-4 late Monday . The defeat denied the Swiss star , arguably the finest player to have played the game , a quarter-final showdown with long-time nemesis Rafael Nadal , after the in-form Spanish star beat Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-7  4-7  6-4 6-3 6-1 . Robredo had never beaten Federer before their latest rain-delayed encounter on the Louis Armstrong Stadium court . But with 43 unforced errors to his name and only two break points converted from 16 , the former world number one looked unlikely to extend that run . "  I 'm going to feel like I beat myself , " Federer told reporters after the match . "  It was up to me to make the difference and I just could n't . "  I self-destructed , which is really disappointing . When things came to the crunch I just could n't do it . It 's frustrating . " Robredo , by contrast , was full of confidence as he hit 70 % of his first serves and sent numerous forehand winners whistling past his illustrious opponent . "  I 'm delighted . It 's unbelievable . The difference is I won the break points today , " said Robredo . With the ignominy of another early exit from a Grand Slam tournament , Federer , whose ranking has slipped to an unfamiliar No. 7 , will face renewed speculation about his future . At 32 , some question whether he can arrest the recent decline in his fortunes -- his last major title was at Wimbledon in 2012 . "  Roger is in a very vulnerable state . He 's in a vulnerable position because he 's moved down to No. 7 now , " said legendary coach Nick Bollettieri in a recent interview with CNN . "  Remember Pete Sampras went through a tough period . Fortunately for Pete he won a big one before he left the tour . " But with younger rivals Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray improving all the time , Federer will be acutely aware that his window of opportunity is rapidly closing . He has even experimented with a larger racquet head in a bid to find a solution to his on-court problems . And for Bollettieri , who has coached a number of former Grand Slam champions including Andre Agassi , there 's a real concern that an underwhelming end to his career could undo the Federer legacy . "  It would be a shame if people forgot who he was , " he said . "  Look at what he brought to the game . He brought class . He lived a beautiful private life . "  He 's quiet . He 's always respectful of the sport . He 's respectful of his opponents . You do n't find too many people who represent life , whether it be business or sports , like this guy . "	Five-time U.S. Open champion Roger Federer loses 7-6  7/3  6-3 6-4 to Tommy Robredo This was the 32-year-old 's earliest exit in New York for 10 years Federer was denied a quarter-final clash with rival , Spain 's Rafael Nadal The Swiss star last won a Grand Slam title in 2012 at Wimbledon
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund stretched their lead at the top of the German Bundesliga to 12 points but had to settle for a 0-0 draw with Schalke . The league leaders dominated against their opponents , Lucas Barrios and Mario Götze going close , but could n't find the breakthrough . The stalemate saw them extend their lead by a point , though second-placed Bayer Leverkusen can reduce the gap to nine if they win at Nurnberg on Saturday . Dortmund should have taken the lead inside the first ten minutes as Götze and Jakub Blaszczykowski tested Schalke goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Lucas Barrios then rifled a shot narrowly wide of the post as the home side continued to press before Mats Hummels poked an effort wide from a free kick . Schalke had a half chance just before the break but former AC Milan striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar headed over the bar from Jefferson Farfan 's cross . Barrios then diverted Blaszczykowski 's cross onto the post with Neuer beaten as Dortmund piled on the pressure in the second half . Efforts from Lukasz Piszczek , Lukas Schmitz and Sven Bender were repelled by an inspired Neuer . Schalke had a rare chance to take the lead when former Real Madrid striker Raul put Jose Jurado through on goal , but his shot was half blocked by Roman Weidenfeller before Marcel Schmelzer cleared the ball off the line . Then Götze squandered the game 's best chance as he collected Piszczek 's pass and rounded Neuer but could only hit the post with a shot on the turn . Schalke moved up to ninth with their hard-earned point .	Borussia Dortmund held to a goalless draw by Schalke in German Bundesliga Lucas Barrios and Mario Gotze both squander chances for Dortmund Dortmund extend lead at the top to 12 points over Bayer Leverkusen
CNN  -- The eagle eyes of his playing partner 's caddie halted Rory McIlroy 's charge at the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship . McIlory was poised to finish the day one shot behind leader Craig Lee but instead he was handed a two-stroke penalty after Ricardo Gonzalez 's bag man threw doubt over McIlroy 's play at the second hole . The former world No. 1 was subsequently judged to have taken his shot with one foot on the white line that marks the spectator 's path on the course . "  I hit my second shot on the second hole just into the left rough , but it was in the spectator crosswalk , so I took a drop , which obviously you 're allowed to do out of it , " McIlroy explained to reporters . "  I did n't notice it but my left foot was still on the white line as I played the shot and you need to take full relief . "  I dropped it in a really bad lie , so actually had I known , I would have taken a better drop . "  It was unfortunate , but that 's the rules of this game . I do n't feel like I gained any sort of advantage by my foot being on a bit of white paint . "  I have to try to make up the shots as early as possible tomorrow . It gives me a bit of extra motivation . " Phil Mickelson may have squeezed his way through the cut but the American hit a sweet spot in Saturday 's third round . The British Open champion sunk nine birdies and an eagle to move two shots adrift of the lead alongside India 's Gaganjeet Bhullar . "  I love the fact that I have a chance and that I 'm in contention the first tournament out this year , " Mickelson said . "  I love that I 've played better each day . The first day , I felt terrible . The second day , half of it started to come around and today it started to feel pretty good and hopefully I 'll be able to build on it again . " At the top of the tree , Lee is hoping for a fairytale finish to the Abu Dhabi tournament as he chases his first European Tour win . "  The quality of the players behind me is nothing I have been used to before , " said Lee , who holds the lead on 12 under par . "  It 's possible -- and fairytales do happen . "	Rory McIlroy handed two-stroke penalty at Abu Dhabi Golf Championship The punishment drops former world No. 1 three shots behind leader American Phil Mickelson finds form to move to two shots off the lead Scotland 's Craig Lee takes 12-under-par lead into final day in the desert
