Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least 140 Afghan schoolgirls and female teachers were admitted to a local hospital Tuesday after drinking poisoned water , said local health officials , who blamed the act on extremists opposed to women 's education . The victims range in age from 14 to 30 and were taken to a hospital in Afghanistan 's northeastern Takhar province after their school 's water tank was contaminated , according to provincial health department director Dr. Hafizullah Safi . No deaths were reported , but more than half the victims partially lost consciousness , while others suffered dizziness and vomiting . "  Looking at the health condition of these girls , I can definitely say that their water was contaminated by some sort of poison , " Safi said . "  But we do n't know yet what was the water exactly contaminated with . " Taliban say they trained attackers Local officials said they are investigating the incident at the Rostaq district school and are searching for the perpetrators . "  It is the work of those who are against girls ' education and peace and stability in Afghanistan , " district administrator Malem Hussain said . In 2010 , more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in a series of similar poisonings . During the Taliban 's rule from 1996 to 2001 , many Afghan girls were not allowed to attend school , though the schools began reopening after the regime was toppled by the U.S.-led invasion . Observers say , however , that abuse of women remains common in the post-Taliban era and is often accepted in conservative and traditional families , where women are barred from education and commonly subjected to domestic violence . Australia to accelerate withdrawal In January 2011 , Afghan Education Minister Dr. Farooq Wardak told the Education World Forum in London that the Taliban had abandoned their opposition to girls ' education . But the group never offered a statement confirming or denying that claim . Female educational facilities , students and teachers , meanwhile , have come under vicious attack as the insurgency has spread outside Taliban strongholds in the southern provinces of Kandahar and Helmand . The country maintains one of the world 's youngest populations , though officials say literacy rates among both children and adults remain low .	At least 140 Afghan girls and female teachers were admitted to a local hospital Their drinking water had been poisoned , health officials say No deaths have been reported In 2010 , more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in similar poisonings
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Despite the Solyndra collapse that has tarnished solar energy , the industry has grown into "  a major economic force " with a job base that expanded 6.8 % the past year , nearly 10 times faster than the overall economy , industry representatives said Tuesday . The solar business is now a $ 6 billion industry , up 300 % from 2006 , said officials with the Solar Foundation , a nonprofit affiliated with solar energy industry . With 100,237 jobs as of August , solar employers expect their workforce to grow 24 % next year , according to the foundation 's National Solar Jobs Census 2011 , completed in partnership with BW Research Partnership 's Green LMI Consulting division and Cornell University . "  It 's great news , " said Andrea Luecke , executive director of the Solar Foundation . "  Despite a struggling economy and the worst recession since the Depression and despite the Solyndra debacle , the industry is experiencing record-breaking trade numbers , record-breaking installed capacity , and record-breaking private investment . " Solyndra Inc. was once considered a model "  green " company producing state-of-the-art solar panels , but it is now at the center of congressional scrutiny and a FBI probe after the Fremont , California , firm filed for bankruptcy in late August and put more than 1,000 people out of work , even though it received $ 535 million in federal loan guarantees . The bankruptcy leaves the government unlikely to get back the money it loaned . President Barack Obama touted the company in a visit last year . Despite the controversy , the solar sector appears bullish , Luecke said . "  Solyndra , of course , is just one company , and they went out of business because they could no longer compete with not only Chinese manufactures but also U.S. manufacturers , " Luecke said . "  There 's nothing to indicate that the solar industry is not poised for growth , though we do need smart policy investment as all energies do , " Luecke added . She was referring to state and federal legislation that would give "  employers the confidence they need to expand their workforce , " she said . California continued to be the national leader in solar employment , with 25,575 workers . Other states in the top 10 are Colorado , Arizona , Pennsylvania , New York , Florida , Texas , Oregon , New Jersey and Massachusetts , the group said . The study identified 17,198 solar employments sites in the United States . The survey collected data from more than 2,100 companies . "  The National Solar Jobs Census is an important reference because the previous lack of data about solar employment was presenting difficulties to policymakers and training providers , " Philip Jordan , chief business officer at BW Research Partnership , said in a statement . Added John Bunge , associate professor in the department of statistical science at Cornell University 's School of Industrial Labor Relations : "  The jobs census is setting a new standard for clean energy job studies . "  The use of both primary and secondary data sources , along with careful statistical analysis , gives us high confidence in the results . We expect our rigorous methodology to be extended to econometric studies of green jobs beyond the solar industry , " he said in a statement .	Solar energy is now a $ 6 billion industry Its employment base grew 6.8 % the past year , to more than 100,000 jobs Solyndra controversy an isolated affair , industry official said
CNN  -- What 's the age at which older men are no longer allowed to compliment women in their 20s on being beautiful ? Is there an age when such compliments go from nice to creepy ? And is there a similar rule that bars older women from calling younger men "  handsome " ? We ask because of the uproar that erupted this week when 73-year-old ESPN sportscaster Brent Musburger made a slew of comments -- on air -- about the beauty of 23-year-old Katherine Webb , the reigning Miss Alabama . He did this during Monday 's national championship college football game between Alabama and Notre Dame ; Webb is dating Alabama quarterback A.J. McCarron and was in the stands for the game . Here 's what he said when the cameras focused on Webb during the broadcast : " ... you see that lovely lady there ? She does go to Auburn , I 'll admit that , but she 's also Miss Alabama , and that 's A.J. McCarron 's girlfriend . Wow , I 'm telling ya , you quarterbacks , you get all the good-looking women . What a beautiful woman ! Whoa ! So if you 're a youngster in Alabama , start getting the football out and throw it around the backyard with pops . " And boom ! Cue the controversy . People attacked Musburger as "  creepy , " for ogling her too much , for being a "  dirty old man , " for being sexist , inappropriate , and more . One publication even went so far as to claim that Musburger 's comments are "  evidence " of "  a culture of domestic violence and sexual assault in football . " Katherine Webb : Media unfair to Musburger The attacks on Musburger reached such a deafening crescendo that ESPN issued a statement : "  We apologize that the commentary in this instance went too far and Brent understands that . " I 'm glad Brent understands it , because I do n't . Can someone please explain to me where Musburger went too far ? Musburger did n't imitate Howard Stern and evaluate Webb 's physical attributes part by part so he could decide if she was attractive enough to pose for Playboy ? Musburger did n't utter a truly creepy remark like Matt Lauer did when recently interviewing actress Anne Hathaway after her wardrobe malfunction and opening the interview with his comment : "  Seen a lot of you lately . " Musburger did n't continue with a running commentary of Webb 's beauty during the telecast . He did n't abandon the announcer booth and run down to the stands in the hopes of getting a date with her . Nope , he just made a few comments about Ms. Webb 's beauty in the span of 15 to 20 seconds . But in this day of instant outrage and instant access to social media to vent it , that was enough to create a media storm . News : Game ? What game ? There 's a pretty woman in the stands The only criticism that 's arguably fair is Musburger 's implication that if you are great quarterback , you will have earned a beautiful woman -- a reward , more than a human being . If that had been Musburger 's intention , that , of course , would have been wrong . However , if you listen to the actual broadcast , you can clearly tell from Musburger 's tone that that was not his point . C'mon , we all know the difference between when people are being playful and when they are being hateful . By objecting to mere playfulness , well-intentioned people are going to undermine their credibility when they latter offer criticism on issues that really are objectionable . And let 's be brutally honest : If Musburger had been a 73-year-old woman and gushed over how handsome a 23-year-old man was , would there be any uproar at all ? Of course not . But for those who still have issues with Musburger , maybe Webb 's own comments on Wednesday morning 's "  Today " show will sway you : "  I think the media has been really unfair to -LSB- Musburger -RSB- ... If he would 've said something along the line that we were hot or sexy or made any derogatory statements like that , I think that would 've been a little bit different , but the fact that he said that we were beautiful and gorgeous , I do n't see why any woman would n't be flattered by that . " And Webb 's parents have even come to the defense of the sports announcer . Indeed , her father 's comments to the media I think best sum up the entire situation : " ... he was trying to be complimentary , and I think they need to give Brent a break . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Brent Musburger commented on air that a player 's girlfriend was "  lovely " Dean Obeidallah asks : Why should ESPN have apologized for the remark ? Obeidallah : Would a 73-year-old woman be slammed for such a comment about a man ? He says overwrought critics hurt their credibility when a real outrage arises
CNN  -- One of the most influential figures in Middle Eastern media says he is stunned by the speed and scale of the chaos unleashed by Sunni insurgents in Iraq , and sees no early end to it . "  The Middle East is beyond clarity , beyond understanding , " said Wadah Khanfar , former director general of the Al Jazeera news network and now head of an Istanbul think tank trying to influence the future of the region . Speaking at a journalism conference in Barcelona , Khanfar portrayed the crisis as a new and extremely dangerous phase in an ongoing breakup of historic borders and political structures , set up largely by the West and imposed on the Arab world since colonial times . The 2011 Arab Spring was the hopeful ignition of popular discontent against historic leaders and norms , but its suppression in most places where it flared up had combined with the crisis in Syria to ignite war from protest , he said . "  Political Islam is merging into terrorism , " said Khanfar , speaking last week at the Global Editors Network , which promotes innovation and debate among journalists . Khanfar admitted he was probably too optimistic about the long-term impact of the outpouring of popular discontent that overthrew long-established dictatorships and military regimes in Tunisia and Egypt , and fueled the western military intervention that helped topple Moammar Gadhafi in Libya . He said he foresaw a future in which the ouster of the elected Muslim Brotherhood government of Mohamed Morsy in Egypt combined with a military takeover in Libya , the crisis in Iraq and the three year-civil war in Syria , would give potential moderates little room to exert political power . Into that vacuum comes violence and terror . "  An arc of crisis will emerge from Basra up to Tripoli ... gangsters , militant groups , trafficking , everything , but not states , " he said . Khanfar , who created the most powerful media network in the Middle East with the backing of the ruling family of Qatar , is a veteran of two Gulf Wars and both covered and directed coverage of two decades of upheaval . Yet even he is stunned by the scale of the crisis in Iraq where Sunni militants of ISIS , emboldened by gains on the battlefield in Syria , have moved across the border . "  We have seen the most amazing collapse of any army we have seen in the last decades , " Khanfar said . Without apologizing for the brutality of those attacks or attempting to justify it , Khanfar was clear that the move of ISIS into Iraq to intervene against what it sees as a heretic and sectarian Shia government , was directly connected to the 2003 U.S.-led invasion and decades of hypocrisy and ignorance by Western powers . He said he believed Western reluctance to intervene in Syria , a readiness to leave "  generals " in charge in Egypt , Libya and Yemen and to hand Iraq to a Shia-dominated administration in thrall to Iran , had combined to make the situation ripe for extremists to take charge across the region . Ultimately that would threaten not only Iraq and Syria but all existing borders in the Arab world and eventually Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States he predicted . The ISIS crisis and its easy move across into Iraq from Syria highlighted how irrelevant the borders imposed by France and Britain on the Arab world nearly 100 years ago are , he said . "  The state in the Arab world is a joke and it is something we should confront , " said Khanfar , whose new venture , the Sharq Forum , aims to promote dialogue and discussion about long-term change in the region . Critics see the former journalist as too close to Islamists , a charge which he rejects . He has also faced the strange situation of being attacked by U.S. leaders while accused of being in their pay . The fragility of borders and of states created after World War I by colonial powers will put huge strain on Gulf States and region , he predicts . "  Everything is in a state of flux , " he said . "  If this region continues to disintegrate ... I think this region will be the most dangerous against the rest of the world . " What can Western nations , particularly the United States , do to deal with the new situation ? Khanfar suggested they should stop thinking that supporting old-style military leaders in Egypt and elsewhere would put a cap on the forces of discontent unleashed by the Arab Spring . "  The current situation is actually shameful , -LSB- with -RSB- no morality and no ethics ... one of the worst deeds that the West is perpetrating against the Arab world , " he said . The West may also have to accept a redrawing of borders that were never truly accepted by those living within them and rethink the role of Iran . "  There is a major mess when it comes to the strategic thinking of our leaders . "	Wadah Khanfar is the former director general of Al Jazeera and now head of an Istanbul think tank "  The Middle East is beyond clarity , beyond understanding , " says Khanfar Khanfar : "  We have seen the most amazing collapse of any army in the last decades " "  The West may also have to accept a redrawing of borders , " he says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- I know it 's called "  Father 's Day , " not "  Stepfather 's Day . " But not all fathers are fathers , biologically speaking . And on Father 's Day , we also should celebrate their efforts , thankless as they may be . Take Haskell , my children 's stepfather . My first husband and I divorced 15 years ago , and I married Haskell in 1999 . To borrow from humorist Erma Bombeck when writing about her stepfather , if Haskell had been the relief pitcher brought in to bail out his team , the crowd would have cheered . Had he been the off-duty cop who delivered the baby because the ambulance was stuck in traffic , he would have been called a hero . Or had he been the understudy who filled in when the beloved star got sick , he might have gotten rave reviews . But Haskell was n't any of these things . Instead , when he became my husband , Haskell also became stepfather to my two children , God bless him . To the kids , he was like instant iced tea , not the steeped kind ; store-bought cookies , not freshly baked ; store brand cola , not the real thing . Simply put , he was not their biological father . In the eyes of my children , Haskell was an alien who appeared one day , hypnotized their mother and set up camp in their home , toting his organic food , reggae music , incense and all things African . He was someone to endure , if not at times ignore -- that is until they needed a ride somewhere , the latest cell phone or a new computer . The first few years in what sociologists call "  a blended family " can sometimes be open warfare . I understand why . Children often resent the sudden realignment of their home and their lives . "  You 're not my father , " the kids would sometimes yell at him , "  you ca n't tell me what to do ! " And when he looked to me for backup , he 'd often have to hear : "  You 're not their father so you ca n't tell them what to do ! " I might have had my reasons then , but I regret that now . I think of all the times Haskell had to play second fiddle at the birthday parties , graduations and even my daughter 's debutante ball . I know it had to be painful when the children hung photos of their "  nuclear family " on their bedroom walls and he was nowhere in them . For the most part , he put up with all this generously and without a fuss , and I appreciate that . It was a tough time for all of us . But over the past 13 years that Haskell has been in our lives , and after hundreds of family meetings , hours of group therapy sessions and more than a dozen self-help books ,  including "  Step-parenting for Dummies "  , I 've finally noticed a change of hearts . It is now clear Haskell has had a tremendous impact on my -- let me rephrase -- our children 's lives . For instance , my husband has devoted his entire life to the economic development of Africa . It is no coincidence that our 27-year-old son is a successful businessman living in Africa . And our 23-year-old daughter is serving in the Peace Corps ; Haskell was one of the first Americans to serve in the Peace Corps in Ethiopia in 1962 . So although I can say I am proud that our children have independently chosen to lead lives of global service , I am equally convinced that it is due in part to Haskell 's influence in their lives . Research shows that a good father can help set his children on the right course in life . In studies of children in homes headed by single mothers , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services found that many children without active fathers have lower grade point averages , lower college aspirations , poor school attendance records , higher dropout rates and are more likely to be in trouble with the law than children who live with both parents . Sociologists have also concluded adolescent girls from 15 to 19 years old reared in homes without fathers are significantly more likely to engage in premarital sex and get pregnant than girls reared in homes with a mother and a father . So the presence of fathers in our homes is not only important . It is sometimes vital . Each home is different , and every family has its own particular challenges , often including the challenge of a failed father or one who is absent altogether . But no matter whether the men who have a positive influence on the lives of our children are their birth fathers or their stepfathers , grandfathers , uncles , brothers or teachers , their contributions are important . And we should include these men when we celebrate Father 's Day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leah Ward Sears .	Leah Ward Sears : On Father 's Day , we should celebrate contributions of stepfathers Stepfathers have a tough time being accepted , she says , and often play second fiddle Stepfather to Sears ' children generously put up with resentment in early years Sears : Honor grandpas , uncles , stepfathers , all who have a positive influence on kids
CNN  -- Cleared to take part in football-related activities last week by the highest sports court in the world , Luis Suarez was unveiled to Barcelona fans amid chants of "  Suarez , Suarez , Suarez " on Monday . The talented -- and controversial -- forward took to the pitch at the Camp Nou alongside the rest of his teammates ahead of the Joan Gamper Trophy , an annual friendly that serves as Barcelona 's curtain raiser to the new season . This time , Barcelona faced Mexico 's Leon . After most of Barcelona 's regulars entered the pitch -- including Neymar -- its new signings were rolled out and that included Suarez , who joined from Liverpool for a reported fee of about $ 130 million in July . Later , four-time world player of the year Lionel Messi made his way onto the field as one of four club captains . Suarez did n't start the game , named on the subs ' bench , but he came on with about 15 minutes remaining in Barcelona 's 6-0 victory . By that time , Messi and Neymar departed . The Uruguayan was allowed to feature in the festivities by the Court of Arbitration for Sport , which partially overturned a ban given to Suarez by FIFA for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup . It was the third time Suarez bit an opponent during a game , the other two coming when he lined up with clubs Liverpool and Ajax . While CAS upheld his four-month suspension from competitive action , it said he could embark on football-related duties , like playing in friendlies , training and getting involved in promotional activities . Suarez is expected to make his competitive debut against fiercest rival Real Madrid in late October . Barcelona is counting on the attacking triumvirate of Messi , Suarez and Neymar to reverse a poor , by its standards , 2013/2014 . The club lost the Kings Cup final to Real Madrid , fell in the Champions League quarterfinals to Atletico Madrid and finished second to Atletico in La Liga . Barcelona was also hit with a transfer ban over two transfer windows relating to the "  international transfer of minors , " although the ban has been lifted while Barcelona appeals . Barcelona has since signed , besides Suarez , two goalkeepers as it seeks to replace Victor Valdes -- Marc-Andre ter Stegen and Claudio Bravo . Midfielder Ivan Rakitic and defenders Thomas Vermaelen and Jeremy Mathieu have also joined .	Uruguay forward Luis Suarez is unveiled in front of Barcelona 's fans on Monday He was allowed to take part in the unveiling after a CAS verdict last week Fans chanted , "  Suarez , Suarez , Suarez " not long after he entered pitch Suarez received a ban from FIFA after biting Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A group of experts from around the world will hold a first of its kind conference Thursday on global catastrophic risks . Some experts say humans will merge with machines before the end of this century . They will discuss what should be done to prevent these risks from becoming realities that could lead to the end of human life on Earth as we know it . Speakers at the four-day event at Oxford University in Britain will talk about topics including nuclear terrorism and what to do if a large asteroid were to be on a collision course with our planet . On the final day of the Global Catastrophic Risk Conference , experts will focus on what could be the unintended consequences of new technologies , such as superintelligent machines that , if ill-conceived , might cause the demise of Homo sapiens . "  Any entity which is radically smarter than human beings would also be very powerful , " said Dr. Nick Bostrom , director of Oxford 's Future of Humanity Institute , host of the symposium . "  If we get something wrong , you could imagine the consequences would involve the extinction of the human species . " Bostrom is a philosopher and a leading thinker of transhumanism , a movement that advocates not only the study of the potential threats and promises that future technologies could pose to human life but also the ways in which emergent technologies could be used to make the very act of living better . "  We want to preserve the best of what it is to be human and maybe even amplify that , " Bostrom said . Transhumanists , according to Bostrom , anticipate an era in which biotechnology , molecular nanotechnologies , artificial intelligence and other new types of cognitive tools will be used to amplify our intellectual capacity , improve our physical capabilities and even enhance our emotional well-being . The end result would be a new form of "  posthuman " life with beings that possess qualities and skills so exceedingly advanced they no longer can be classified simply as humans . "  We will begin to use science and technology not just to manage the world around us but to manage our own human biology as well , " Bostrom said . "  The changes will be faster and more profound than the very , very slow changes that would occur over tens of thousands of years as a result of natural selection and biological evolution . " Bostrom declined to predict an exact time frame when this revolutionary biotechnological metamorphosis might occur . "  Maybe it will take eight years or 200 years , " he said . "  It is very hard to predict . " Other experts are already getting ready for what they say could be a radical transformation of the human race in as little as two decades . "  This will happen faster than people realize , " said Dr. Ray Kurzweil , an inventor and futurist who calculates technology trends using what he calls the law of accelerating returns , a mathematical concept that measures the exponential growth of technological evolution . In the 1980s , Kurzweil predicted that a tiny handheld device would be invented early in the 21st century , allowing blind people to read documents from anywhere at anytime ; this year , such a device was publicly unveiled . He also anticipated the explosive growth of the Internet in the 1990s . Now , Kurzweil is predicting the arrival of something called the Singularity , which he defines in his book on the subject as "  the culmination of the merger of our biological thinking and existence with our technology , resulting in a world that is still human but that transcends our biological roots . " "  There will be no distinction , post-Singularity , between human and machine or between physical and virtual reality , " he writes . Singularity will approach at an accelerating rate as human-created technologies become exponentially smaller and increasingly powerful and as fields such as biology and medicine are understood more and more in terms of information processes that can be simulated with computers . By the 2030s , Kurzweil said , humans will become more non-biological than biological , capable of uploading our minds onto the Internet , living in various virtual worlds and even avoiding aging and evading death . In the 2040s , Kurzweil predicts that non-biological intelligence will be billions of times better than the biological intelligence humans have today , possibly rendering our present brains obsolete . "  Our brains are a million times slower than electronics , " Kurzweil said . "  We will increasingly become software entities if you go out enough decades . " This movement towards the merger of man and machine , according to Kurzweil , is already starting to happen and is most visible in the field of biotechnology . As scientists gain deeper insights into the genetic processes that underlie life , they are able to effectively reprogram human biology through the development of new forms of gene therapies and medications capable of turning on or off enzymes and RNA interference , or gene silencing . "  Biology and health and medicine used to be hit or miss , " Kurzweil sad . "  It was n't based on any coherent theory about how it works . " The emerging biotechnology revolution will lead to at least a thousand new drugs that could do anything from slow down the process of aging to reverse the onset of diseases , like heart disease and cancer , Kurzweil said . By 2020 , Kurzweil predicts a second revolution in the area of nanotechnology . According to his calculations , it is already showing signs of exponential growth as scientists begin to test first generation nanobots that can cure Type 1 diabetes in rats or heal spinal cord injuries in mice . One scientist is developing something called a respirocyte , a robotic red blood cell that , if injected into the bloodstream , would allow humans to do an Olympic sprint for 15 minutes without taking a breath or sit at the bottom of a swimming pool for hours at a time . Other researchers are developing nanoparticles that can locate tumors and one day even eradicate them . And some Parkinson 's patients now have pea-sized computers implanted in their brains that replace neurons destroyed by the disease ; new software can be downloaded to the mini computers from outside the human body . "  Nanotechnology will not just be used to reprogram but to transcend biology and go beyond its limitations by merging with non-biological systems , " Kurzweil said . "  If we rebuild biological systems with nanotechnology , we can go beyond its limits . " The final revolution leading to the advent of Singularity will be the creation of artificial intelligence , or superintelligence , which , according to Kurzweil , could be capable of solving many of our biggest threats , like environmental destruction , poverty and disease . "  A more intelligent process will inherently outcompete one that is less intelligent , making intelligence the most powerful force in the universe , " Kurzweil writes . Yet the invention of so many high-powered technologies and the possibility of merging these new technologies with humans may pose both peril and promise for the future of mankind . "  I think there are grave dangers , " Kurzweil said . "  Technology has always been a double-edged sword . " ... . Do you think technology will allow humans to transcend biology in the future ? Would you be comfortable with altering your biology ? Should humans try to reprogram their genetics ? What do you think the future looks like for mankind and machines ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	Nick Bostrom says technology will let humans manipulate their own biology Ray Kurzweil predicts humans will be mostly non-biological by around 2030 Biotechnology , nanotechnology , robotics could merge mankind with machines
Paris , France  CNN  -- Hurling insults against French President Nicolas Sarkozy , crowds of demonstrators marched through the boulevards of eastern Paris to protest his anti-crime measures . Organized by 50 human rights and activist groups , labor unions and political opponents of Sarkozy the cortege of protesters at one point stretched a mile and a half from the Place de La Republique to the Place de la Bastille , where a stained French flag was hung on a central monument . Organizers said 50,000 filled the streets , though police put the official estimate at 12,000 . Referring to France 's contentious role in World War II , protesters held up signs such as "  Sarkozy , son of Petain , " referring to Marshal Philippe Petain , who led the pro-Nazi Vichy regime . Organizers said about 130 cities in France are seeing similar protests against Sarkozy 's so-called crime-busting proposals which have led to the expulsion of more than 8,000 Roma , commonly known as Gypsies . Saturday 's protests erupted after the recent raids against camps in Lyon and other cities that forced out a total of 8,300 Romanian and Bulgarian nationals of Roma origin . Close to 10,000 were expelled in 2009 . Roma are a group of people who live mainly in southern and eastern Europe , often in poverty . They tend to live in camps , caravans , or informal settlements and have been the target of persecution throughout history . But the Roma are not the sole targets of the recent anti-immigration security measures proposed by the French government , protesters claim . Groups representing other causes voiced their concerns at the Paris rally as well , including advocates of illegal immigrants and demonstrators demanding better housing . After recent anti-police attacks , the country 's parliament is considering new laws to take away French citizenship from naturalized immigrants guilty of crimes like attacks on police , polygamy or female circumcision , traditions associated with some immigrant groups . Some believe Sarkozy 's approach of blaming immigrants for security problems flies in the face of France 's democratic fundamentals -- liberty , equality and fraternity . "  He is not fighting crime ... He is deliberately putting into question the basic principles of republican equality , and what is already an extremely serious social and economic crisis now threatens the cohesion of all society , " organizations supporting the protests said in a statement posted on the Education Without Borders Network 's website Saturday . When he announced the proposals in July , Sarkozy said French citizenship was a privilege . "  One must earn French nationality and be worthy of it , " he said . "  Anyone who fires on an agent enforcing order no longer deserves to be French . " Immigration policy has long been a top issue for the conservative Sarkozy . As interior minister , he advocated the deportation of foreign nationals caught in violent riots across France in 2005 . But the recent crackdowns have drawn criticism even within Sarkozy 's government . Local media reported that Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said he was shocked by the president 's anti-crime proposals . Last month 's ousting of Roma gypsies without valid identity papers -- drew international criticism with some comparing it to the deportation of Jews during World War II . Something the government said was absurd since those being expelled were being sent back to their homelands with financial compensation of 300 euros  $ 381  per adult and 100 euros  $ 127  per child , Frances immigration ministry said . French officials have said the deportations are part of a broader crackdown on illegal immigration . In his July speech , Sarkozy said France needs better immigration regulations . "  We are suffering from the consequences of 50 years of inadequately controlled immigration that led to a failure of integration , " he said . "  We are so proud of our system of integration , but perhaps we should wake up to see what it has produced . It has worked . It works no longer . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Protesters say measures are discriminatory and will not stop crime Sarkozy says more immigration regulation is needed One proposal revokes French citizenship of foreign-born people who attack police The protests come after hundreds of Roma were expelled from France
Washington  CNN  -- After several days of rumors and denials , the Justice Department finally made it official on Wednesday -- Lanny Breuer is leaving . The assistant attorney general of the Criminal Division announced he will leave government service on March 1 . Breuer , best known for his defense of President Bill Clinton against impeachment efforts , has been a target of Republican critics throughout his term . Despite their best efforts , the critics were unable to pry Breuer from his post . In fact , his nearly four years in the job makes Breuer one of the longest serving Criminal Division chiefs . "  Serving as assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division has been the greatest privilege of my professional life , " Breuer said in a statement . "  From my first day on this job nearly four years ago , I have loved it , and I am so proud of what the Criminal Division has accomplished over the past four years , " Breuer said . The announcement came the day after Breuer celebrated a victory in the criminal investigation of BP in the 2010 Gulf oil disaster . A federal judge in New Orleans on Tuesday approved the largest package of criminal fines and penalties in U.S. history , which will cost BP $ 4 billion . Attorney General Eric Holder had named Breuer to oversee the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010 . The record amount in the guilty plea allows Breuer to depart on a high note . The chief criticisms against Breuer had focused on Wall Street prosecutions -- or lack thereof -- and the ATF 's Operation Fast and Furious . In regards to white collar crime , Breuer faced extensive criticism for the Justice Department 's failure to bring major prosecutions against the nation 's largest financial institutions responsible for financial crisis in 2008 and 2009 . But Breuer insisted that the banks and their employees needed to be protected against an implosion that could cause greater problems . In several cases , he relied on deferred prosecutions that allowed the financial leaders to avoid going to jail in exchange for exhibiting good corporate behavior . In the case of Fast and Furious , Breuer was the top administration official stung by the investigations . Breuer apologized for an inaccurate letter to a senator in which the Justice Department denied the ATF allowed guns to be smuggled to Mexican drug cartels . Breuer 's announcement Wednesday gave no hint about his plans .	Justice Department confirms March 1 will be his last day on the job He 's best known for his defense of President Bill Clinton against impeachment efforts Eric Holder had named Breuer to oversee the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010 He was criticized for Fast and Furious operation , lack of action in white collar crime cases
For those of you who do not have your calendars marked and gifts or cards purchased , a reminder : Sunday is Mother 's Day , a "  holiday " that many Americans have the luxury and good fortune to be able to observe . This year , the National Retail Federation estimates that Americans will spend around $ 18.6 billion on gifts for this one day -- even though most of us go through the motions of celebrating without having any idea about the day 's original intent . Mother 's Day can be traced back to Julia Ward Howe , and its aims were quite different from anything you 'll find today on a greeting card . In her Mother 's Day Proclamation of 1870 , Howe called on her "  sisters " to work to establish peace so that her son could return home from war : "  In the name of womanhood and humanity , I earnestly ask that a general congress of women without limit of nationality may be appointed and held ... to promote the alliance of the different nationalities , the amicable settlement of international questions , the great and general interests of peace . " This year , I would like to ask that we -- mothers and everyone else -- reignite the spirit of common purpose that Julia Ward Howe sought to inflame in Americans , and direct it toward a silent wartime that is taking hundreds of thousands of women 's lives each year -- childbirth . The World Health Organization estimates that some 360,000 girls and women die worldwide each year from pregnancy or childbirth-related complications . Nearly all of these deaths are preventable . It 's not that they are preventable if we find a cure , and it 's not that they are preventable if we extend expensive lifelong treatment regiments . They are preventable if we extend very basic , known and trusted services : if we help women get to health care facilities in their time of need ; if we ensure that a skilled professional is available to oversee their labor and delivery ; if we provide access to family planning so that children are spaced . These goals are all within our reach , but only if we decide that women 's lives are worth saving . What does the issue actually look like worldwide ? Opinion : Global health within our grasp if we do n't give up While rates of maternal mortality are often highest in developing countries , particularly in sub-Saharan Africa and Southeast Asia , in several of those countries we are beginning to see declines . Startlingly , maternal mortality rates have been rising in America . According to the World Health Organization , the rate of women who died from pregnancy-related complications in the U.S. increased by nearly 50 % from 1980 to 2008 -- a statistic that suggests this issue is one of equitable resources and education , not a lack of technology or infrastructure . Two years ago , I made a documentary film , "  No Woman , No Cry , " and founded an advocacy and mobilization campaign called Every Mother Counts . I did both to raise awareness and support for maternal and child health care . We are trying to draw attention to an underreported global problem that can be solved if only we come together to make it a priority . Opinion : Mother 's Day is not so rosy in Africa Our organization measures success by the actions taken to reduce maternal mortality and improve maternal health . The goal is 5 million actions by 2015 -- perhaps signing a pledge , running a 5K or even a marathon or donating an old cell phone so it can be used to facilitate communication and medical care in rural areas . Our website , everymothercounts.org , suggests specific actions to take , many of them straightforward steps that help spread the word or raise resources for simple solutions . Individually they may seem small but together , they can save lives . With that said , here is what we propose for Mother 's Day : a "  No Mothers Day . " Our "  proclamation " encourages mothers to join in solidarity to "  disappear " for the day , out of solidarity with those who needlessly die in pregnancy and childbirth . We believe that in acting together , we can show just how much a mother is missed when she is gone We 're spreading the word with a film to get families across the country talking about this issue , so that next year , there will be more mothers and families who can celebrate Mother 's Day together . Please join me at http://www.facebook.com/everymothercounts , for No Mothers Day . Because together , our silence will speak the loudest for all mothers .	Christy Turlington Burns : Mother 's Day first pushed bringing sons home from war She says we should use day to focus on health care for women in pregnancy and childbirth Each year 360,000 women die from pregnancy and childbirth ; her group provides ways to help Writer : This year , observe a "  No Mothers Day ; " mothers should "  disappear " to point out problem
CNN  Six months after more than 200 Chibok schoolgirls vanished into the night , the #BringBackOurGirls campaign has faded . When the social media phenomenon of signs asking for the release of the missing girls took off in May , celebrities like First Lady Michelle Obama and Nobel Prize recipient Malala Yousafzai posted their photos , joining people from around the world . But as weeks became months and prospects of the schoolgirls ' release seemed slim , the social media campaign slowly dwindled . But one man , Alasholuyi Kehinde , did not stop fighting to bring the missing girls home . Almost every day , for 186 days , the Lagos , Nigeria resident took a photo of himself holding up a sign pleading with the world not to forget about the Chibok schoolgirls . A father of three and marketing professional , Kehinde felt a responsibility to advocate for the missing girls and their families . Now , Nigeria has reached a ceasefire agreement with the Islamist terror group Boko Haram , which took credit for kidnapping the girls back in April . The girls are expected to be released shortly , although Nigerian government spokesman Doyin Okupe says "  it is a process . ... It is not a question of hours and days . " With the end of the kidnapping ordeal in sight , Kehinde shares with CNN why he did n't give up hope when so many others did . CNN : When you first started taking photos , did you know you were going to take a photo everyday ? Kehinde : I never knew I would still be carrying the Bring Back Our Girls placard six months after the schoolgirls were abduction . I had thought , the girls would be back soon , especially when a couple of countries were pledging support to help rescue them . Day 20 was when I started taking photos because it was so shocking and heartbreaking . Now we 're up to day 186 and the story is the same , the girls are still not back . CNN : What inspired you to keep participating in the #BringBackOurGirls campaign ? Kehinde : I believe the Chibok parents whose children were abducted need our support during this agonizing time . I am a father of three kids . If I am away from my kids for two or three days , I always feel like there 's a vacuum . So , I felt like we must advocate for these parents . We must join our voices with theirs and demand for the safe return of their abducted children . CNN : Did you tell others about what you were doing ? Kehinde : I did get awesome support from people all over the world through various social media platforms . They kept encouraging me to keep holding on , and to not give up when many others have since given up . CNN : How did the people in your community respond when the girls were first abducted ? Kehinde : Initially , there were some who did n't believe such a thing could happen . Some people just could n't fathom more than 200 innocent schoolgirls being violently taken all at once . That was huge . It was unbelievable . The realization dawned on many when the government confirmed the abduction to be true . CNN : Do you think people in your community still care ? Kehinde : The support for the parents of the abducted schoolgirls in my community is awesome . We are all united in our demand . We are asking and pleading with the Nigerian government to please do more to ensure the safe release of the abducted schoolgirls . CNN : What are your thoughts about the government 's effort to get the girls back ? Kehinde : I believe Nigerian government has been doing everything possible within its limit to ensure the girls are safely rescued . But I believe , the government could do a lot more better than what it has been doing . Six months after the kidnappings , we are now hearing about negotiations for the release of the missing schoolgirls . But we have lost some valuable time in the process . CNN : Is the community hopeful that the schoolgirls will be returned ? Kehinde : Everyone is anticipated , expectant and praying it is true . Some are waiting to pop champagne . CNN : Do you think the girls will ever get rescued ? Kehinde : Fingers are crossed that hopefully the girls would be reunited with their families . I am hopeful , and I believe that one day , the girls would be freed . This belief has never changed , not once .	#BringBackOurGirls was a social media response to the April 14 kidnapping of 276 Nigerian girls The cries of worried families inspired people worldwide to participate in the campaign Alasholuyi Kehinde from Lagos , Nigeria , kept up the campaign as its popularity faded He demanded the release of the Chibok girls every day for more than 180 days
The world 's car giants go head-to-head as the Frankfurt Motor Show opens to the public . Flaunting the latest releases , the show is a tapestry of hybrid and concept designs from some of the most illustrious marques . But while the German city plays host to glitz and glamor , manufacturers are eyeing a burgeoning class of car buyers more than 6,000 miles away in China , where 200 million cars now run on the country 's ever-congested roads . The world 's largest car market , China is the major battleground for European companies in the 21st century , as premium brands look to exploit a growing population of 1.3 billion people . With European sales in decline and the U.S. market only slowly recovering , China represents a beacon of steady growth at a time of economic uncertainty . Read more : China on verge of worst economic crisis in decades High domestic demand and rising wages are fueling a boom in the world 's second biggest economy , with car sales increasing 11 % in August year on year , according to the state-backed China Association of Automobile Manufacturers . World Bank statistics show that China 's GDP per capita -- an indicator used to measure the standard of living in a country -- had risen 436 % between 2002 and 2012 , from $ 1,135 to $ 6,091 . Watch more : European production for Chinese cars China 's car market will almost match the combined size of the U.S. and western European market by 2019 with sales set to double from current levels , according to a report by consultancy PricewaterhouseCoopers . And where once Chinese motorists were content to buy dated , home-grown vehicles -- or at best pale imitations of Western designs such as Mercedes-Benz and BMW -- now they want the real McCoy , according to analysts . Read more : China pushes for indigenous car brands "  You see the same with the massive rise of the middle class in India , " said Andrew Marsh , director of independent consultancy AutoIndustryInsider.com . "  Those who can afford it do n't want the domestically produced tat . They want to have the Western names , vehicles built elsewhere . " U.S. auto giants Ford and General Motors have reported record sales increases in China for the month of August . The two Detroit-based companies reported a 46 % and 11.2 % rise respectively , with Ford citing strong demand for the Focus while GM-owned marque Buick sales for August are up 17.7 % compared to the same month in 2012 . Read more : Chinese automaker snaps up Volvo $ 1.8 billion deal Car sales are also booming at the top end and this week McLaren Automotive said it would start trading in China for the first time . The British-based manufacturer of luxury , high-performance sports cars is opening four showrooms in major Chinese cities including Beijing and Shanghai in an effort to tap China 's growing middle class . Mike Flewitt , chief executive officer of UK-based McLaren Automotive , said : "  We want to achieve a balanced global sales portfolio , with China contributing somewhere in the region of 10 % of total sales . " Watch more : Will Chinese cars save Chrysler McLaren 's supercar range including the 12C , the 12C Spider and the P1 went on sale in China on September 9 . The 12C and the Spider retail between # 165,000 and # 195,000 while the luxury P1 costs approximately # 866,000 . James Foxall , a motoring columnist for Britain 's Daily Telegraph , said that although western carmakers are clamoring to enter the Chinese market , foreign companies face a number of hurdles in the process . "  Western carmakers ca n't just pitch up and sell cars in China , " he said . "  They have to go into a joint venture with a local manufacturer . " Watch more : Chinese car company sets up college General Motors and Ford have both used local partnerships to enable them to produce cars in China . GM operates with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation  SAIC  while Ford is in a three-way venture with Chinese Changan and Japanese producer Mazda . The threat of counterfeiting is also brushed aside by the high-end Western car manufacturers . McLaren 's Flewitt said the company was not "  overly worried " by the prospect . "  We are constantly investing a large amount of time , money and brainpower into R&D . That means that while a company may copy what we are producing today , by the time it is introduced and established by a competitor , we will already be focused on the next step forward . " And the reality is that copying a car badly may be simple ; doing it to the quality of an Audi or BMW is incredibly difficult . As Foxall added : "  Then trying to mass produce it is even more difficult and the Chinese just have n't got that yet . " That 's not to say that Chinese manufacturers are not trying to emulate less sophisticated European cars -- at least in terms of their design . Paolo Beconcini , a partner and intellectual property expert at Shanghai-based Carroll , Burdick and McDonough , argues that Chinese buyers are less "  demanding " than western consumers who require the latest environmentally-friendly engines and safety features . "  Cars are first of all a status symbol , the gate to the middle class.Therefore , Chinese consumers focus more on the outer design of vehicles than in their technology , safety and performance . "	China car sales increasing 11 % in August year on year , according to the state-backed manufacturers association China 's car market will almost match the combined size of the U.S. and western European market by 2019 U.S. auto giants Ford and General Motors have reported record sales increases in China for the month of August
CNN  -- Lana Lawless hits golf balls . She hits them hard and far , with astonishing accuracy . She won the Women 's Long Drivers of America competition in 2008 when she hit a ball more than 250 yards . Lana is so good , in fact , that the LDA changed the rules this year to prevent her from competing . The LPGA has a rule to specifically exclude her , as well . In August 2009 , 18-year-old runner Caster Semenya from South Africa won the gold medal in the 800-meter event of the World Track and Field Championships , beating her nearest rival by an astonishing two seconds . Afterward , she faced weeks of humiliating psychological , gynecological and physical testing to prove that she was female ordered by International Association of Athletics Federations . She eventually was allowed to keep her medal . In 1936 , Jesse Owens won four track gold medals at the Olympic Games in Berlin . He faced German taunts that his African heritage somehow provided an innate athletic advantage and that blacks should be banned from competing in future games . And when baseball player Jackie Robinson shattered the racial barrier in professional sports , an act that we now celebrate for its courage , some players refused to share a locker room with him . Prejudice , discrimination and unfounded charges of advantage or somehow cheating are nothing new to sports . It raised its ugly head again in Lana 's case . Lana is transsexual . She had sex-reassignment surgery in 2005 . In every way that our society legally , socially or physically defines gender , she is female . She sued the LPGA and others , claiming a requirement in their bylaws requiring that participants be "  female-born " is discriminatory . Make no mistake -- it is . We 've been down this path before . In 1976 , transsexual tennis player Renee Richards was banned from competing in the U.S. Open because of a similar "  women-born-women " rule . The New York Supreme Court struck down the rule , and Richards competed professionally from 1977 to 1981 . Despite concerns of that allowing her to compete against women gave her an inherent advantage , her highest overall ranking was 20th in 1979 . Thirty-five years later , you 'd think that we would be past this , but here we are . Different sport , same unfounded fears , same dehumanizing situation . And , same discrimination . I , too , am a transsexual athlete . Although the last time I competed on a mat was more than 30 years ago , I trained to compete against some of the elite women athletes in this country at the U.S. Open Freestyle Wrestling Championships in April . I finished sixth in my weight class . Some charge that we compete because of some inherent competitive advantage . Such charges are as ignorant as they are absurd . We compete for the same reasons that others do : Because we love our sport , because we are athletes and because we want to continue doing something we enjoy . Competition is a fundamental right that we refuse to relinquish simply because our path to manhood or womanhood was nontraditional . Click to read more opinions The rest of the world is far ahead of the United States in this regard . In 2003 , the International Olympic Committee became the first international sports organization to develop a policy of inclusion for transgender athletes . Recognition that a person 's gender is more complicated than any single factor , combined with the inability to identify medically sound testing criteria , led to discontinuation of mandatory sex testing on female athletes 1999 .  Tests may be done on a case-by-case basis , however . According to IOC guidelines , transsexual athletes must have undergone hormone replacement therapy for at least two years , be legally recognized as the sex in which they want to compete and have had "  sex reassignment " surgery in order to compete in their authentic gender . Many international sports organizations , including the governing body for wrestling , have adopted or defer to the IOC policies . As transgender people continue to integrate into all aspects of broader society , the practices that have historically been accepted as "  just the way it is " will be identified as discrimination . So , too , will the daily indignities that so many of us face regarding bathrooms , jobs , housing , harassment and having to prove our manhood or womanhood be identified as unacceptable , illegal and inherently unfair . Lana 's experience with the LPGA demonstrates that the combination of transgender people and athletics continues to be a volatile mixture that can easily devolve into an irrational , emotional argument rather than one based on fact or measurement . Regardless , it 's only a matter of time before a transsexual athlete becomes the first to represent his or her country at the Olympics . That day will be one to celebrate as another part of a long tradition of overcoming barriers to competition . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Rose .	Golfer Lana Lawless banned from Women 's Long Drivers , LPGA by anti-transsexual rule Donna Rose : Discrimination against transsexuals similar to past treatment of black athletes Transsexual tennis player Renee Richards won this battle back in 1970s , Rose writes Olympics allows transsexuals under rules , she says , that U.S. sports groups should adopt
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China has blocked the popular video-sharing Web site YouTube but did not offer a reason for the ban . YouTube was blocked in China as of Wednesday . Google , which owns YouTube , said it began noticing a decline in traffic from China about noon Monday . By early Wednesday , site users insider China continued to encounter an error message : "  Network Timeout . The server at youtube.com is taking too long to respond . " "  We do not know the reason for the blockage and we are working as quickly as possible to restore access to our users , " said Scott Rubin , a spokesman for Google , which owns YouTube . It 's not the first time users in China have been unable to access the site . In March 2008 , China blocked YouTube during riots in Tibet . Watch more about the decision " At the time , protesters burned vehicles and shops , some advocating independence from China , and others demonstrating against the growing influence of the Han Chinese in the area . The subsequent crackdown left 18 civilians and one police officer dead , according to the Chinese government . Tibet 's self-proclaimed government-in-exile put the death toll from the protests at 140 . Many in the country speculated the latest ban may be an attempt to filter access to footage that a Tibetan exile group released . The videos show Tibetans being kicked and beaten , allegedly by Chinese police officers after the riots . "  Though there is much footage of the protests taking place throughout Tibet last year that were splashed across the world , the following is rare footage of police beating of protesters , the suffering and death of a captive , and paramilitary presence in Lhasa  the Tibetan capital  , which managed to make its way to the outside world , " the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , said of the videos . Xinhua , China 's state news agency , accused the supporters of Tibet 's spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , of doctoring the video to "  deceive the international community . " China , with 298 million Internet users , has routinely blocked access to Web sites it considers politically unacceptable , including the Voice of America and The New York Times . The Chinese government has also censored television broadcasts , including those by the BBC and CNN , during coverage of issues such as its policy in Tibet and Taiwan . The Chinese government did not directly address whether it has blocked YouTube . "  China is not afraid of the Internet , " said Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang on Tuesday . "  We manage the Internet according to law ... to prevent the spread of harmful information . " YouTube , which allows users to upload and share videos , has been banned periodically in other countries as well . Bangladesh , Pakistan , Thailand and Turkey temporarily shut off access to the site after users uploaded content the countries ' governments considered politically embarrassing . CNN 's Emily Chang contributed to this report .	By early Wednesday , users inside China encountered : "  Network Timeout " China blocked YouTube during deadly riots in Tibet in March 2008 Chinese government and Tibet 's government-in-exile differ on death toll
TALLAHASSEE , Florida  CNN  -- Florida Gov. Charlie Crist announced Tuesday he would not run for re-election next year and instead will seek the seat being vacated by retiring GOP Sen. Mel Martinez . Gov. Charlie Crist appeared alongside Sen. John McCain , left , during the 2008 presidential campaign . Crist , who unsuccessfully ran for the Senate in 1998 , was immediately endorsed by the Senate Republican campaign arm , which hopes to avoid a bruising primary fight . Former state House Speaker Marco Rubio declared his intention last week to seek the GOP Senate nomination . "  Our country is facing the most profound public policy questions in our lifetime -- questions relating to the economy , taxes , healthcare , the environment and national security , " Crist said in a statement released by his campaign . "  The answers to these questions will have a lasting impact on the country we love and the nation we will leave to our children and grandchildren . " He added in the statement : "  Here in Florida , we 've shown that when we put people first and work together , much can be accomplished , and I intend to bring that same approach to Washington . That is why , after thoughtful consideration with my wife Carole , I have decided to run for the U.S. Senate . " A Quinnipiac Poll released last month showed Crist with a commanding 54 percent to 8 percent lead over Rubio in the Republican primary . But the poll also found that more people overall , and Republicans specifically , would rather see Crist run for re-election as governor than seek the Senate seat . Should Crist backers persuade Rubio to abandon his bid , it would help national Republicans focus money and resources on other races in 2010 . The GOP needs to win back seats they lost in 2008 to help weaken the Democratic hold on the Senate . Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter 's decision to change his political affiliation from Republican to Democrat and the increasing likelihood that Democrat Al Franken will eventually be named the next senator from Minnesota means that President Obama will have enough Democratic votes -- in theory -- for a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate . Last week , the Senate GOP was dealt a setback when former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge , a popular Republican , decided not to challenge Specter . But news that Crist would enter a Senate race was welcomed by Texas Sen. John Cornyn , who is chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee . "  While I believe Marco Rubio has a very bright future within the Republican Party , Charlie Crist is the best candidate in 2010 to ensure that we maintain the checks and balances that Floridians deserve in the United States Senate , " Cornyn said in a statement . "  Governor Crist is a dedicated public servant and a dynamic leader , and the National Republican Senatorial Committee will provide our full support to ensure that he is elected the next United States Senator from Florida . " Rubio used a short blast on Twitter to chastise the NRSC for siding with Crist in the primary . "  Disappointed GOP senate comm endorses Crist on day 1 , " Rubio wrote . "  Remember that reform must always come from the outside . Status quo wo n't change itself . " GOP Rep. Vern Buchanan , who had been considering a Senate bid , instead said he would run for another term in the House and endorsed Crist . Anticipating his entry into the Senate race , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee last month aired its first television ad of the 2010 elections -- a small buy in the Tallahassee TV market -- that accused Crist of running away from the state 's economic problems . Florida Democrats echoed that line of criticism Tuesday shortly after Crist declared his candidacy . "  By running for U.S. Senate , Charlie Crist has cut and run on the Sunshine State , once again taking the easy way out , avoiding responsibility and leaving the hard work of facing Florida 's problems to the next governor , " Florida Democratic Party Chair Karen Thurman said . "  At a time when Florida needs real leadership , unfortunately Charlie Crist is running from the mess he created , which is why Floridians are going to send Crist into retirement come Election Day . " Still , Crist remains very popular in the state that he has led since he was elected governor in 2006 . His approval rating is at 66 percent , according to the Quinnipiac Poll . While it had been speculated for weeks that Crist would run for the Senate , the governor told reporters Tuesday that he made his final decision this past weekend to run for Martinez 's seat . With conservatives and centrists battling for control of the Republican Party , the upcoming primary contest in Florida will be closely watched nationally . Crist is considered a centrist , while Rubio is trying to appeal to conservatives in the party . When asked to talk about his primary with Rubio and the future direction of the Republican Party , Crist instead spoke about bipartisanship . "  Well , I think what 's important to bear in mind is that we do things a little bit differently here in Florida , and that 's another reason that I run for the United States Senate , " Crist told reporters at a news conference . "  We work together to solve problems and do what 's right for the people of our state . The people are the boss . And I think regardless of party , we have to work together to get things done . And that 's what I 'd like to take to Washington , D.C. " Rep. Kendrick Meek , North Miami Mayor Kevin Burns and state Sen. Dan Gelber are all seeking the Democratic Senate nomination . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Gov. Crist says the country is "  facing the most profound public policy questions " Crist , a popular governor in Florida , ran unsuccessfully for Senate in 1998 Crist was immediately endorsed by the Senate Republican campaign arm Former state House Speaker Marco Rubio declared his intention to run last week
CNN  -- Islamist militants in Somalia have warned a United Nations agency to buy food from Somali farmers or stop sending aid to the impoverished African country . "  WFP -LSB- World Food Programme -RSB- causes many problems for the local Somali farmers by importing food from outside Somalia and that discourages the Somali farmers , " al-Shabaab said in a statement . "  So the WFP should buy its supposed food distribution from Somali farmers or stop its operations in Somalia . " The militia also warned local Somali contractors who help distribute WFP food aid to stop helping the U.N. agency by January 1 . The warning could be a desperate measure by al-Shabaab , which is reportedly facing financial difficulties following the withdrawal of Ethiopian forces last year . The Ethiopian invasion of Somalia had outraged many members of the Somali diaspora who had sent money to al-Shabaab , which had vowed to kick out the invading forces . Al-Shabaab has now waged a bloody insurgency against the U.N.-backed government of transitional President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed . The WFP is aware of the report , according to a spokesman for the agency who would not say whether WFP was in touch with al-Shabaab . "  WFP is working in Somalia because the country can not currently support the food needs of its population , " Greg Barrow told CNN . Somalia is in the middle of the worst humanitarian crisis since the famine of the early 1990s , with half of its population -- nearly 4 million people -- in need of food aid , according to the WFP . Somalia is also one of the most dangerous places in the world : four WFP staff members were killed between August 2008 and January 2009 . Nevertheless , the aid agency said it increased its operations during the first half of this year , providing assistance to nearly 3 million people . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine and Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow contributed to this report	Islamic militants say World Food Programme causes problems by importing food from outside Al-Shabaab warns contractors who help distribute food to stop helping the U.N. agency Somalia is in the middle of its worst crisis since the famine of the 1990s , according to the WFP
CNN  -- A growing religion in southern Africa is posing a threat to the survival of wild leopards . For the Nazareth Baptist Church , also known as the Shembe , leopards are seen as a symbol of pride , beauty and wealth , while their skins are viewed as essential attire for church elders who wear them around their necks during traditional ceremonies . A mixture of Christianity and Zulu culture , the Shembe is one of the biggest traditional religious groups in South Africa with around 5 million members . There are fears from conservationists that as the church grows , Africa 's leopards , already listed as "  near threatened " by the International Union Conservation of Nature  IUCN  , will be pushed towards extinction . "  From visiting a few of these  church  gatherings , you realize that it 's not 92 or 100 or 200  leopard skins  . We are talking about thousands of leopard skins , " said Tristan Dickerson , a conservationist at the Phinda Game Reserve in KwaZulu-Natal province . Dickerson first found out about the Shembe in the course of helping with a police investigation , after a pile of at least 92 leopard skins was uncovered during a village raid . Many of those skins had been tailored into clothing meant for the church group . Besides being killed by farmers trying to protect their livestock , 150 leopards are legally targeted by trophy hunters each year . But increasingly poachers kill them to profit from their use in traditional medicine and ceremonial dress . "  What we are finding is that they are actually being targeted , instead of it being by-catch from the illegal bush meat trade , " Dickerson said . "  They are actually putting poisons out to target leopards because there is such a high demand for leopard skins now . " The feline species is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species , or CITES , and the sale or possession of its parts is illegal in South Africa . Those who wear it as traditional gear , including Zulu royalty and high-profile individuals like President Jacob Zuma , are required to have permits issued by the state . But at Shembe church gatherings , trade in skins is done openly with no law enforcement . Dickerson 's attempt to solve this conflict of tradition and conservation has taken him to China where he has been trying to find a suitable fake fur alternative for church members . "  I went to Beijing and spent a week there , meeting with factory representatives to try and develop this fur into the level that was needed and the quality that was needed , " Dickerson said . And the quality is crucial , because while the church 's leadership has warmed to the concept of fake leopard skins , they still have to approve of the product . Dickerson says the church 's followers will only be converted to fake items if the leaders say it is acceptable . On a recent trip to Ekuphakameni , South Africa , where the church was founded , Dickerson visited a church gathering and showed his fur samples to a senior preacher . "  It 's beautiful , but it 's not the real thing , " said the preacher , Mhlanubanzi Mjadu . "  It 's like a blanket . After some time , it will wear out . Real leopard skin can last for more than 20 years . " Mjadu said he had no idea trade in leopard parts was illegal , and he did not know that the leopard was a threatened species . He said that as an elder he could not wear a fake costume , but he could see a place for fake fur in the church as membership continued to swell and the prices of leopard skin seemed to be rising . "  It will help the congregation and protect the leopard from extinction , " he said . Dickerson is also hoping that church followers who can not afford the real thing would find the cheaper version an enticing alternative , but so far they have not shown enthusiasm . At the gathering in Ekuphakameni real skins were being sold for $ 440 each . "  We are improving the product as we speak , " Dickerson said . "  If we can get one of the leaders to wear one of these things and say to the people , ` This is accepted from now on , we do not wear real leopard skins anymore , we have an alternative , ' that statement ... would be the pinnacle of this whole project . "	Followers of the Shembe religion in southern Africa strive to wear leopard skins during church gatherings Poachers increasingly kill leopards to profit from their use in traditional medicine and ceremonial dress A conservationist is trying to produce a suitable fake fur in China for church members Church elders and followers have been resistant to using fake fur so far
CNN  -- A sharp increase in the price of North Sea oil helped drive U.S. gasoline prices up about 12 cents a gallon since late January , according to a new nationwide survey . The latest Lundberg Survey found the average price of regular gasoline rose to $ 3.51 per gallon , publisher Trilby Lundberg said Sunday . The survey canvasses about 2,500 filling stations in the continental United States twice a month . West Texas Intermediate crude , the U.S. benchmark fuel , remained largely flat between January 20 and Friday , when the most recent survey was conducted . There 's a glut of the fuel on U.S. markets , so its price went up only 21 cents a barrel between surveys , Lundberg said . But Europe 's benchmark Brent crude -- another fuel commonly used in American gasoline -- traded up by $ 7.45 per barrel over the same period . Lundberg blamed the jump on reduced production from North Sea platforms , tensions among Iran , its Persian Gulf neighbors and Western powers and a dispute between Sudan and newly independent South Sudan that has cut off southern oil from global markets . "  Brent is highly sensitive to these events , " she said . Meanwhile , U.S. retailers have little margin to absorb the increased fuel prices , meaning pump prices may edge up "  a few more pennies " in the coming weeks , Lundberg said . The lowest prices in the latest survey were in Denver , where regular gas cost an average of $ 3.01 a gallon . The highest were on New York 's Long Island , at $ 3.82 . Average prices in some other cities : Atlanta : $ 3.54 Baltimore : $ 3.52 Billings , Montana : $ 3.03 Boston : $ 3.60 Chicago : $ 3.63 Houston : $ 3.42 Jackson , Mississippi : $ 3.38 Las Vegas : $ 3.41 Minneapolis : $ 3.45 Portland , Oregon : $ 3.48	The average U.S. gasoline price is $ 3.51 per gallon , the Lundberg Survey finds North Sea oil is driving U.S. pump prices , the survey 's publisher says Top prices were on Long Island ; the cheapest gas was in Denver
Former F1 champion Michael Schumacher has been discharged from a Swiss hospital and is returning to his home , where he 'll continue his recovery from head injuries suffered in a skiing accident last year , his spokeswoman said Tuesday . "  Considering the severe injuries he suffered , progress has been made in the past weeks and months , " said Sabine Kehm . "  There is still , however , a long and difficult road ahead . " Schumacher , 45 , sustained severe head trauma in a skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel on December 29 . His investigative team said it thinks the experienced skier hit a rock hidden beneath the snow while traversing an area between two marked pistes , which catapulted him face-first onto another rock . He was treated first at a hospital in Grenoble , in France , and then in June moved to a hospital in Lausanne , Switzerland , near the Schumacher family home . Kehm appealed , as she has previously , for the privacy of his family to be respected as Schumacher continues his recovery . The German national is a seven-time world champion whose F1 racing career ended in 2012 .	Michael Schumacher is to continue his rehabilitation at home , his spokeswoman says He has been discharged from a hospital in Lausanne , Switzerland "  There is still ... a long and difficult road ahead , " says his spokeswoman
CNN  -- To some , she was a lifelong role model . Others call Pakistan 's former prime minister and the first female prime minister of any Muslim nation a source of inspiration to women everywhere . One I-Reporter acknowledges , "  I never was a political supporter of Benazir Bhutto but now after her death I feel that her loss is a loss for Pakistan , not just her political supporters . " Anthony G. Moore photographed Benazir Bhutto with her husband Asif Ali Zardari in New York in 2006 . Benazir Bhutto was assassinated during a suicide bombing on December 27 , 2007 , and I-Reporters from all over the world responded with their memories and condolences . Below are selections , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Farhad Sethi of Lahore , Pakistan Breathing in the air of grief and sadness , the nation suffers the loss of our beloved leader Benazir Bhutto , an institution in herself withstanding pressures at times when suicide bombing has become an unstoppable enigma . A sniper pierced a bullet through her neck and our enthusiastic leader could n't even make it to the hospital , her last words God knows what were they but her face and inspirational personality will always be remembered . A woman who grew up with politics in her backyard is no longer with us , she was a graduate from Harvard and Oxford universities and seeing her go down in a wooden casket was a sight bringing down tears in every eye . We all have to go down the ground one day but being assassinated like this is not something we would want for even our worst enemies . She has left a space that will never be filled in the hearts and minds of the nation . She has enjoyed the position of being the first Muslim woman to lead a country as Prime Minister , but this is over she 's gone , may Allah  swt  have mercy on her soul and she rests in peace in a better place . Ameen . Al Alston of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Benazir Bhutto 's gifts to Pakistan and the world far outweigh the charges made by her adversaries . I will never forget how she led Pakistan in its unwavering support for the African National Congress during the misery of the apartheid days . Her presence at the inauguration of Nelson Mandela left an indelible impression on me . I remain an admirer of her nation because of this critical alliance . I will keep her family and nation in my prayers . Mickin Sahni of Stone Ridge , Virginia As a first generation Indian-American , I have heard from my parents the turmoil on the subcontinent as their parents were forced to India while their friends were forced to Pakistan . Bhutto 's effort to reconcile the differences between the two countries was one of her main missions . Indians throughout the world remember her as a peaceful link between the two nuclear superpowers and could only sympathize with Pakistanis grieving throughout the world . Hopefully her efforts were not in vain . Sandra Rios of Aberdeen , Maryland Benazir Bhutto loved her country and people so much that despite an assassination attempt in Oct and continuous death threats she remained unshaken . As a Women and a Former US soldier I admire her bravery . Russ Bonny of Golden , Colorado I have n't had the raw emotions I am feeling right now since September 11 , 2001 . The death of Mrs. Bhutto is a loss for the entire world and a grim reminder of how tirelessly we must fight extremists . Whitney Anderson of Irving , Texas I never really got the chance to know much about this woman . I 'm still a teen , trying to figure out this mess we call our own democracy . But I can say this . For anyone to be slaughtered is a shame . It 's crazy to think young adults like myself have had to grow up in a time where planes are flown into buildings , wars are dragging on and dragging us down , and now a revered and respected woman is dead , only because she was trying to better the world . I can only hope my future children do n't have to live like this , and that the only time they hear of things like this is in a history book . Shima of Tehran , Iran All Persians know what her name means ... Her name means Unique , and she was unique in all her life . God bless her . Naureen Haider of Jensen Beach , Florida It 's a great loss to the country . Ms. Bhutto went to the same elementary school as mine , Convent of Jesus and Mary School in Karachi , and she was always an example to us , to motivate , thus that it is proud to be a female . Benazir , not only earned the best of qualifications on merit , but also proved to the world , that this is what patriotism is . My family having met Benazir personally several times , sends our deepest condolences to the family and prayers go out to the children . May Allah be with them . Ameen !! Humnaa Umar of Great Falls , Virginia The death of Benazir Bhutto not only marked the end of a revolutionary political leader , but also the demise of a pioneer in terms of women 's rights . In a country with a strict gender hierarchy , Bhutto inspired countless women with her ceaseless supply of fortitude . Mwilu Mwanachilenga of Lusaka , Zambia A Martyr . A pity though that a life that I looked up to , for the whole 25 years of my existence , could ever end like this . Condolences to the family and may her soul rest in peace Sabina Brauner of Frankfurt , Germany Disbelief was my first reaction when I just read the news . And shock . At such violence . I do not remember her as an outstanding figure but when someone mentioned Pakistan there was that immediate connection : Pakistan-Bhutto . So after such an act you just hope against hope that people there will find peace . I wish them all the best . Ahsan Khan of Reading , United Kingdom I never was a political supporter of Benazir Bhutto but now after her death I feel that her loss is a loss for Pakistan and not just for her political followers . The present government setup has failed and should resign to stop further bloodshed . God bless Benazir Bhutto 's soul . Erum Qayyum of Lahore , Pakistan As the first female prime minister in the Muslim world , I felt as if women are really going to get ahead and men would actually start taking their technical knowledge more seriously but of course men are men . Her death was appalling and the way it happened . It has shocked me and everyone else in my family even though we are not really Benazir 's supporters . It is a wonder that my land of Pakistan is actually going to the dogs where no one is safe . I wish the Bush administration opens its eyes to what 's happening because neither the civilian nor the military governments have done anything to make this land of mine more peaceful and secure to live in . Moses Quinion Galabuzi of Kampala , Uganda It is too sad to hear of the assassination of this great lady . I was following her very closely and had a lot of respect for her . Whoever did kill her will die the same way but will never be a hero just as she was . Rest in peace Honorable Benazir Bhutto . May the good Lord reward you for the great things you did . Carlo Zappa of Montreal , Quebec When will the horror in Pakistan end ? My heart goes out to her family and to the people of Pakistan . Her life was cut short and mankind will never see the additional good she could have done to resolve the endless political conflict in India . Ahmed Alian of Cairo , Egypt She was a brave woman in a coward world , may her soul rest in peace . I 'm not blaming Musharraf for killing her , but I 'm blaming him for feeding the atmosphere of terrorism through his dictatorship , which is unfortunately , supported by the so-called "  free world . " Oyefeso Temitope of Lagos , Nigeria You had a heart to help save Pakistan from military dictatorship , and you have to pay with your life !!! What a world !!! We await the reaction of the West . Sleep well , it was a just curse and rare fight from a woman . Linda Palumbo of Boston , Massachusetts A woman who was beautiful , brilliant and dedicated to bringing peace to her country . Such a tragedy and such a loss for the people of Pakistan . Kartiq Subramanian of Charlotte , North Carolina This is really sad ! My limited political knowledge told me that she was Pakistan 's only hope toward democracy and peace and now her killing has proved that . I feel sad for her family and for the people of Pakistan . May peace prevail . Fariha Waseem of Spring Valley , New York Benazir Bhutto is a woman of courage and conviction and we Pakistani 's are proud to acknowledge her with all the dedication and deeds she made for her country . She stands for principal of democracy and corruptions and wants to remove it from roots . She not only received awards for her books but for her all dedications she did for her peoples . My condolence is with all the loved ones of Bhutto 's family and her party workers . May God rest her soul in Peace !  Amen Funmi Omoniyi of Lagos , Nigeria We will miss you Benazir Bhutto because you are a strong woman , ready to fight for your country . As a woman of substance , you deserve to rest in perfect peace . May Allah grant you Aljanat Amiin . Kimberley Brewer of Ottawa , Ontario Although I have no ties , either familial or political , to Benazir Bhutto , I am deeply saddened and enraged by her murder . This noble leader , who championed women 's rights in a society rife with discrimination toward fully half the population , has been felled by cowards who seek to thwart progress and peace . My heart goes out to all who mourn her loss as I do , and my condemnation to those responsible for this horrific act of barbarism . Mohammad Khurram Khan of Cleveland , Ohio It is a sad day for all Pakistanis and the entire world . This is a direct result of the aftermath of September 11 and its ongoing consequences around the world . The blazes set forth by the terrorist continue to burn today in different cities . Bhutto was a legend and a role model for all men and women alike . She was inspirational not just to Pakistanis , but inspirational to us all through out the world . It is saddening  with tears in my eyes and sorrow in my heart  to see such a -LSB- legend -RSB- become a part of the blaze beset by the terrorists . Terrorists have no religion or political affiliations . They only have motives driven by greed and power . I certainly hope that the terrorist behind this are brought to justice and I am sure that General Musharraf will do his best to do so as he has always done in the interest of Pakistan . E-mail to a friend	Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto is assassinated I-Reporters from around the world offer condolences , memories "  We Pakistanis are proud to acknowledge her , " says one I-Reporter I-Report : Share your memories , condolences , photos of Benazir Bhutto
CNN  -- Rescue workers scoured a widening swath of coastal Florida waters Wednesday for two people missing after a Mexico-based air ambulance crashed into the Atlantic Ocean off Fort Lauderdale . Coast Guard crews earlier recovered the bodies of two other people aboard the aircraft , but rescuers continue to hope that missing crew members survived and are clinging to life in the warm south Florida waters . The search will go on at least all day Wednesday , the Coast Guard said . "  In these types of cases , we hope for the best and we search for as long as we can , " Chief Petty Officer Ryan Doss told reporters Wednesday . Coast Guard crews , divers from the Broward County Sheriff 's Office and other rescuers were involved in the search , which spanned up to 24 miles of Florida coastline from Fort Lauderdale to Boynton Beach , Doss said . Currents are carrying the debris north , he said . The Learjet 35 -- carrying a doctor , nurse and two pilots , all of them Mexican citizens -- crashed shortly after one of the pilots reported apparent engine failure shortly after takeoff Tuesday evening from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport . The crew had just dropped a patient off at the airport and was returning to Mexico when the crash happened , airport spokesman Greg Meyer said . A distress call from one of the pilots came just moments after takeoff . "  We have an engine failure , " the pilot said . Medical helicopter crashes after taking patient to hospital An air traffic controller asked him to turn left and keep a certain altitude . "  Not possible , " the pilot responded . "  We 're going to do a 180 , and we 're going to land . " Seconds later , he said : "  Mayday , mayday , mayday . " Brian Rayner , an investigator for the NTSB said data indicated the plane climbed to about 2,000 feet before descending 1,000 feet . It then began to turn toward shore , Rayner said . He said that he had submitted requests for the plane 's maintenance records and information about the pilots and their experience . The two medical staff members worked for Air Evac International , said Albert Carson , the company 's director of operations . The pilots worked for a charter company . Authorities have not publicly identified the bodies pending notification of their families . "  We 're waiting on pins and needles ... waiting for more information , " Carson said late Tuesday night . Air Evac International has several bases in Mexican cities that are popular with tourists , as well as in Costa Rica and San Diego . Carson said many of its patients are tourists . 3 killed in medical helicopter crash in Tennessee Medical helicopter crash kills 1 CNN 's Dave Alsup and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : NTSB says flight climbed to 2,000 feet , descended then turned to shore Search area is 24 square miles as currents carry debris north The air ambulance had dropped off a patient in Florida and was headed back to Mexico "  We 're waiting on pins and needles , " an Air Evac International official says
CNN  -- A serving Egyptian police officer describes firing tear gas into crowds of protesters trying to reach Tahrir Square during the country 's revolution in January . "  I just had a job to do , " he says . "  I had my orders , a mission . " Another describes himself and fellow Central Security officers as "  bogeymen . " "  We suppressed people and made them feel terrorized , " he admits . "  But if I did n't do it , someone else would do it in my place . " These rarely-heard voices from Egypt 's revolution appear in a documentary film called "  Tahrir 2011 : The Good , The Bad and The Politician , " which has made waves at the Venice and Toronto International Film Festivals . At its first ever screening , in Venice , the film won the C.I.C.T. UNESCO "  Enrico Fulchignoni " Award . A review in Hollywood Reporter : "  Shot from the demonstrators ' viewpoint , the first part of ` Tahrir 2011 , The Good , the Bad and the Politician ' captures the passion and excitement of the sit-ins in Cairo 's Tahrir Square far better than Western TV cameras . " Egyptian elections to start Nov. 28 The film is divided into three sections by three different Egyptian directors , Tamer Ezzat , Ayten Amin and Amr Salama . "  The Good " covers stories of the protesters , "  The Bad " is interviews with police officers and "  The Politician " gives a light-hearted "  10 steps to becoming a dictator " based on interviews with allies and opponents of former president Hosni Mubarak . The police were often feared during Mubarak 's time in power and some were accused of excessive violence in their attempts to suppress the revolution . The government announced in July that it was firing hundreds of high-ranking police officers , including 27 accused of killing demonstrators during the revolt . A police officer accused of killing 20 protesters during a January 28 demonstration has been sentenced to death . Amin , who directed the section on the police officers , said : "  I met up with 12 officers and the one thing they all had in common was they were shaky and kept changing their minds about doing interviews . "  This was a few weeks after the events and they were being attacked everywhere . Some of them agreed to do it and on the morning of the interview I would get a message saying they could n't do it . " Amin , 32 , finally secured interviews with three serving officers and one retired officer . Some were filmed anonymously , while others gave their names . She said : "  All the officers had the idea they were protecting their country . That 's what they were educated to believe . "  Some of them believed what they were doing was wrong , but that they had to follow orders . "  Out of six-hour interviews , the last 30 minutes was usually the most important because they finally became honest at the end . At the beginning they were just saying the things we knew from TV . " Egypt 's banned graphic novel to be published in English For his section on "  The Good , " Ezzat , 40 , made use of footage supplied by members of the public to a hastily erected "  media center " in Tahrir Square during the revolution . Ezzat said : "  By the end of the 18 days there was a wealth of material from the protestors themselves of the action . "  I tracked down some of the characters shown and took them back to the location of the events . "  I thought geography was very important to the story . Every character in my film reached the square by a different route and has a different story . " His characters included an upper-middle-class girl who had never been involved in activism before but witnessed the death of a protester next to her , a Muslim Brotherhood member , a doctor who helped set up a field hospital , and photographer who gave up his dream of a scholarship in Denmark to return to Egypt and document the revolution . Ezzat said : "  There was an endless number of interesting stories to tell . I wished my piece could have been much longer . I wanted to show the diversity of the participants . " The final section "  The Politician , " by Salama , uses interviews with opposition politicians such as Mohamed ElBaradei and author Alaa Al Aswany to delve into the psyche of Mubarak . The directors all used their own experiences in their films . Egyptian film shines light on sexual harassment Amin said : "  January 25 was the first time I had ever been to a protest . I had n't intended to go , but a friend called me and told me I should come . "  I live near Tahrir Square , so I walked there . During that first day there were 45,000 people and I had never seen crowds like that . "  After midnight , the police began to attack . We were running everywhere and some of my friends were arrested . "  I saw a police officer beating a guy . I could n't believe all the violence . I think that 's the reason I wanted to make the film . " She added : "  I told one ex-officer that I was there and they were very violent . He told me at the time they did n't see the protesters as people . " Ezzat said : "  During the 18 days , I forgot that I was a filmmaker because I was very emotionally involved as an Egyptian . At the end of the 18 days I remembered that I was a filmmaker . "	"  Tahrir 2011 : The Good , The Bad and The Politician " wins Venice film award on its first screening Three sections cover interviews with protesters , police officers and people close to Hosni Mubarak Many police officers , some still serving , changed their minds just before filming started The police were often feared during Mubarak 's time in power
CNN  -- No one expected to find Donna Molnar alive . Donna Molnar 's body temperature was 30 degrees Celsius when rescuers found her Monday . Searchers had combed the brutal backcountry of rural Ontario for the housewife from the city of Hamilton , who had left her home three days earlier in the middle of a blizzard to grocery shop . Alongside his search-and-rescue dog Ace , Ray Lau on Monday tramped through the thick , ice-covered brush of a farmer 's field , not far from where Molnar 's van had been found a day earlier . He kept thinking : Negative-20 winds ? This is a search for a body . "  Then , oh , all of a sudden , Ace bolted off , " said Lau . "  He stooped and looked down at the snow and just barked , barked , barked . " Lau rushed to his Dutch shepherd 's side . "  There she was , there was Donna , her face was almost totally covered except for one eye staring back at me ! " he said . "  That was , ` Wow ! ' There was a thousand thoughts going through my head . It was over the top . " With one ungloved hand near her neck , Molnar , 55 , mumbled and tried to scream as Lau yelled to other rescuers . Dressed in a leather coat , sweater , slacks and winter boots , Molnar was carefully extracted from a 3-foot-deep mound of snow that had apparently helped to insulate her . Watch how the rescuers found Molnar " Then , rescuers got their second shock . "  She was lucid , and said , ` Wow . I 've been here a long time ! ' and then she apologized and said , ' I just wanted to take a walk , I 'm sorry to have caused you any trouble , ' " said Staff Sgt. Mark Cox of the Hamilton Police Department , one of the leaders in the hunt . "  And we 're all thinking this is incredible , this is really something . " "  I 've been doing search and rescue for seven years , and this is the wildest case I 've had in finding someone alive , " he said . She was rushed to a hospital and immediately sedated to begin the agonizing steps of hypothermia treatment . "  I think the snow must have worked to trap her body heat , and that 's what really saved her , " Cox said . "  This really speaks to what 's possible . " David Molnar is calling his wife 's survival his "  Christmas miracle . " He was n't able to speak with her immediately after she was taken to the hospital . But while she was under sedation , he leaned over her and whispered in her ear , "  Welcome back , I love you . " "  My wife , you know , does n't pump iron . She is strong physically and spiritually , " he said . "  When people say to me how do I explain how she survived , I said I believe God reached down and cradled her until the rescuers could find her , because there 's no rational explanation . " In addition to hypothermia , Donna Molnar is being treated for severe frostbite , and her recovery will take months . But his wife 's condition was upgraded Wednesday from critical to serious . "  That may not sound like a great thing to everyone , but to us , that is the best news we could possibly get on Christmas Eve , " David Molnar said . As for Ace , he 's still awaiting his reward : a T-bone steak . It 's the least that can be done for a dog who , in his own way , paid it forward . "  A while ago , Ace was rescued from a home where he did n't belong , and now he got to rescue someone . I ca n't describe the magnitude of that , what that means to me , " Lau said . "  He 's definitely getting his steak . I 'm grocery shopping right now . "	Donna Molnar went missing after she left her home to go grocery shopping Housewife had been buried in snow for 72 hours when a rescue dog found her She 's in serious condition , being treated for hypothermia , severe frostbite Dog , who had been rescued himself , will be rewarded with a T-bone steak
CNN  -- Hulk Hogan said his comments to Rolling Stone magazine that he can "  totally understand " O.J. Simpson -- the former football great found liable for the deaths of his wife and another man -- are being misunderstood . Linda and Hulk Hogan enjoy happier times at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards in New York . The pro wrestling legend said Wednesday that he "  took the high road " and "  did n't do the O.J. Simpson thing " despite the pain of his bitter divorce fight with wife Linda . Hogan 's lawyer said the quotes leaked to a gossip column have been taken out of context and the full article proves Hogan "  never condones the O.J. situation . " Watch Hogan claim he was misquoted " A spokesman for Linda Hogan said the statement amounts to a death threat and that her attorney is "  weighing all options necessary to protect his client . " "  His violent and scary mood swings have been my nightmare for too many years , " Linda Hogan said Thursday in a written statement . "  I hope for the sake of our kids that he gets the psychological help for himself and the safety of others . " Her spokesman , Gary Smith , said , "  For those who buy his claim the comment was taken out of context , read the rest of Rolling Stone and determine for yourself if his suicidal tendencies coupled with the use of drugs and alcohol make him a danger . " The controversial quote is part of a eight-page feature article about Hogan to be published in the magazine 's Friday edition . "  I could have turned everything into a crime scene like O.J. , cutting everybody 's throat , " Hogan told Rolling Stone . "  You live half a mile from the 20,000-square-foot home you ca n't go to anymore , you 're driving through downtown Clearwater -LSB- Florida -RSB- and see a 19-year-old boy driving your Escalade , and you know that a 19-year-old boy is sleeping in your bed , with your wife ... . "  I totally understand O.J. I get it . " The controversy began with a leak of the quote to the New York Post 's Page 6 gossip column . Hogan lawyer David Houston said that quote was "  part of a larger conversation to exemplify degrees of emotional turmoil . " "  Earlier reports to the contrary exemplify the danger of cherry-picking quotes and reacting to them , " Houston said . Hogan spoke later Wednesday to a photographer with the gossip Web site TMZ : "  I spent three days with a writer for Rolling Stone talking about being positive and happy and walking in the spirit of Christ . And he asked me , ` Well , why did n't you flip out ? ' Well , I did n't jump off the Empire State building , I did n't buy a white Bronco . I did n't do the O.J. Simpson thing . I took the high road . "  I 'm not focused on Linda anymore , " Hogan said . It has been widely reported that Linda Hogan , 49 , is dating a younger man . She filed for divorce in 2007 after nearly 25 years of marriage . Simpson was found not guilty of murder in the 1994 stabbing deaths of his wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend , Ron Goldman , but was found liable for their deaths by a civil court jury . Simpson later was found guilty in a Las Vegas , Nevada , armed robbery case and sentenced in December to up to 33 years in prison . Linda Hogan 's spokesman linked the comments to the 55-year-old Hogan 's three-decade career , during which he held multiple championship titles and , during his heyday in the 1980s , was easily the most popular wrestler in the world . "  We have always maintained that the fear that Linda has had to live with comes from the rage and instability much too often associated with pro wrestlers , " Smith said in the statement . Hulk Hogan 's real name is Terry Bollea . His wife alternately goes by Linda Hogan and Linda Bollea . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Hulk Hogan , in a bitter divorce with his wife , Linda , talks to Rolling Stone magazine "  I could have turned everything into a crime scene like O.J. , " Hogan said Hogan , 55 , says his comments are being taken out of context Spokesman for Linda Hogan says the statement amounts to a death threat
CNN  -- Manchester City just ca n't stop spending money as the English Premier League champions have forked out a reported $ 53 million to sign France international defender Eliaquim Mangala from Portuguese club Porto . Mangala 's transfer , confirmed Monday , comes just three months after City was heavily sanctioned by European football body UEFA for breaching new rules on Financial Fair Play . Whatever the deal 's financial implications , City manager Manuel Pellegrini believes the 23-year-old Mangala has "  all of the mental , physical , technical and tactical attributes to become one of Europe 's very best defenders . " Pellegrini added on the City website : "  Eliaquim is a player I believe will make an immediate impact in the Premier League , thanks to his physicality , his reading of the game and quality on the ball . " Mangala , who began his professional career at Belgian club Standard Liege , was part of France 's 2014 World Cup squad but did not play in any games . "  For me , it was an important step to leave Porto and join Manchester City in order to continue my progress . I want to win titles and I believe I can do this . I am ambitious and this is why I am here , " Mangala told the City website . In May , the English champions accepted a UEFA fine of    60 million  $ 82 million  , a restriction on transfer spending and a reduction in the club 's squad size for the European Champions League . Mangala is City 's fifth permanent signing since last season , following his former Porto teammate Fernando -- who cost $ 20 million -- to England . Argentine goalkeeper Willy Caballero joined for a reported $ 10 million from Pellegrini 's former club Malaga , while compatriot Bruno Zuculini was acquired for $ 5 million from Racing Club . Mangala 's fellow France World Cup teammate Bacary Sagna moved from Arsenal on a free transfer , while veteran midfielder Frank Lampard will play on loan from City 's American feeder club New York City FC . City 's only sale since last season has been midfielder Jack Rodwell 's $ 16.7 million departure to Sunderland , while veteran midfielder Gareth Barry joined Everton on a free transfer . Read more : Arsenal beat Man City in EPL curtain raiser Read more : Pelligrini wants to build ` dynasty '	Manchester City sign French international defender Eliaquim Mangala The 23-year-old joins from Portugal 's Porto Mangala did not play any games at World Cup in Brazil
CNN  -- Good Willy Hunting ? Much is being made about chatter that actor Ben Affleck has a full frontal scene in his new film "  Gone Girl . " The actor was recently asked during an interview with MTV whether this would be the first time audiences would see ... little Ben and he jokingly responded , "  I try to get it in every movie . " "  It 's ironic , because David  Fincher , the director  said to me from the beginning , ` This is a warts and all movie . It can have no vanity , ' " Affleck said . "  You have to see the naked underbelly of this character . " The highly anticipated film is based on the best-selling novel by Gillian Flynn about a man whose wife goes missing . Affleck plays bar owner Nick Dunne and Rosamund Pike stars as his wife , Amy Elliott-Dunne . Variety predicts the the movie will do well opening weekend against its main competitor , horror movie "  Annabelle . " Ben Affleck says tabloid scrutiny helped ` Gone Girl ' performance "  Look for ` Gone Girl ' to maintain a slight edge over the competition with a debut of $ 25 million from roughly 3,013 locations , while ` Annabelle ' should bow to $ 23 million from 3,155 venues , " writes Brent Lang for Variety . "  The studios behind the two films are being more conservative and predicting premieres in the $ 20 million range , while analysts are more bullish on ` Gone Girl 's ' prospects , projecting a debut of $ 30 million . " Those numbers are sure to be helped by Affleck 's proclamation that "  There 's some brief , very brief nudity , I think , in there . " And potentially in 3-D . "  It 's IMAX penis , " he said . "  You 've got ta pay fifteen bucks to see it in 3-D . It looks better in 3-D . " See the ` Gone Girl ' teaser that debuted during the Emmys	Affleck say 's there 's nudity in the film "  Gone Girl " has been highly anticipated It 's expected to make $ 25 million opening weekend
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's arrival in Tehran Saturday was marked by an incident during which a shoe was thrown by a protester in his direction , Iran 's semi-official Fararu news agency said . A group of Iranian protesters , opposed to dialog with the United States , were at Tehran 's airport where Rouhani supporters had also gathered to welcome the president home , Fararu said . Rouhani left the airport with his entourage without any further incident , and was accompanied by his supporters shouting , "  Rouhani , Rouhani we support you , " according to Fararu . Rouhani , who was in New York for the U.N. General Assembly , spoke by telephone Friday with U.S. President Barack Obama -- the first direct conversation between leaders in Washington and Tehran since 1979 . Rouhani 's recent comments have raised hopes that a deal could be struck over the Iran 's controversial nuclear program . Western leaders believe the country 's nuclear program is designed to produce weapons . Iranian leaders have said it is purely peaceful . Shoe throwing is seen as highly offensive in the Middle East for cultural and religious reasons .	A protester throws a shoe toward Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , media report The incident occurred at Tehran 's airport as Rouhani returned from New York Rouhani and U.S. President Barack Obama had groundbreaking conversation Friday
CNN  There are only nine months left to get that flying car designed and in production . The Internet has reminded us of the very specific vision "  Back to the Future II " had for October 21 , 2015 . Flying cars zipping through the air , auto-drying clothes that fit to your body , shoes that lace up on their own and time travel are all the norm when Marty McFly and his girlfriend , Jennifer , played by Michael J. Fox and Elisabeth Shue , land in that year . And do n't even get us started on the fact that we still do n't have time travel . The 1989 film did highlight a few technologies that are currently in our present -- or at least similar items . Future Marty has a video call with his coworker and boss , people are able to answer the phone with glasses that are very much like Google glass , and of course hoverboards do exist , though they 're not as cool or as high-flying as in the movie . There 's also no "  Jaws 19 , " but we do have 3-D movies and holograms , as seen on the screen . As for flying cars , there is the Terrafugia Transition and the AeroMobil , but do n't count on coasting the friendly skies in those anytime soon , especially using banana peels and such for fuel . Futurist Michael Rogers told Newsweek the movie did get a few things right . "  Three definite hits : biometrics , large screen home displays , video telephone calls , " Rogers said . "  Skype and FaceTime are part of everyday usage ; by the end of the decade I think it will be totally natural for younger users to transition from text to audio to video in a single call , depending on the content at the moment . " You still have a wait , however , for things like hydrated pizza .	In the film , Marty McFly traveled to October 21 , 2015 There were flying cars and hoverboards A futurist says they got some things right
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton defied the conditions to record the fastest lap on the final day of Formula One testing at Barcelona Friday -- but the Briton refused to entertain any title talk . Hamilton , who quit McLaren to join Mercedes at the end of last season , beat former teammate Jenson Button into second place with Torro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne in third . Hamilton clocked a time of 1 minute 23.282 seconds , despite the constant rain and adverse weather at the Spanish circuit . Vettel : Red Bull better than last year But the 2008 world champion insists his team is not ready to compete with the likes of Red Bull 's triple world champion Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso when the new season starts in Melbourne on March 17 . "  I think people are talking us up at the moment , " Hamilton told reporters . "  Vettel , and maybe Fernando , were saying I 'm maybe going to be competing for the world championship , but I really do n't see that happening at the moment . "  Of course that 's our goal , but you have to remember the car was over a second off , sometimes two seconds off , last year and we 've not caught up a second . "  Other teams will also have put a second on over the winter , so we 've not gained three seconds , that 's a fact . "  Hopefully by the end of the year , that 's our goal , but definitely not at the beginning . " Alonso demands Ferrari improvement Elsewhere , McLaren 's Button recorded the day 's second fastest time , coming home in 1 minute 23.633 seconds with Vergne recording a time of 1 minute 24.071 seconds . The best time of the week belonged to Hamilton 's replacement at McLaren , Mexico 's Sergio Perez , who completed his fastest lap in 1 minute 21.848 seconds .	Lewis Hamilton plays down Formula One title talk Former world champion records fastest lap on final day of testing McLaren 's Jenson Button and Toro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne next quickest Mexico 's Sergio Perez fastest man of the week in his McLaren
Mental Floss  -- Ben & Jerry 's Bagels ? Sonic Steakhouse ? Be glad that some of our favorite quick-service places evolved into what they are today . 1 . When Ben and Jerry decided to go into business , they really wanted to make bagels . But the equipment required to make bagels was rather expensive , so they researched a cheaper product and settled on ice cream . Although they 've released plenty of other breakfast-related ice cream flavors -- Cinnamon Buns , Coffee & Biscotti and Maple Grape Nut among them -- they have yet to create a lox and bagel-flavor . Maybe it 's in production ? 2 . Glen Bell , the founder of Taco Bell  who knew the "  Bell " represented a person ?  , started his career in the fast food business with a meager hot dog stand . It did so well that he sold it and opened a bigger and better stand , and he started selling tacos for 19 cents out of a side window . Before long , the hot dogs were playing second banana to the tacos , and Bell decided to switch the business . Mental Floss : 10 secret fast food menu items 3 . What if Tim Hortons ' Timbits actually referred to chicken nuggets ? It could have gone that way -- the ex-hockey player originally focused his post pro-sports career on hamburgers and opened a few burger joints in Toronto and North Bay . They did n't do so well . They retooled the concept and reopened as a small doughnut shop housed in an old gas station , selling coffee for 25 cents and doughnuts for 69 cents per dozen . Today , Tim Hortons employs 100,000 people and has more than 3,000 stores  mostly in Canada , but the company is expanding into the U.S. 4 . What if Dunkin' Donuts had a fleet of vehicles that drove around like the ice cream man , selling sweet , sweet carbs to anyone who could scrounge up some change ? Well , they used to , sort of . After working for just such an ice cream company , William Rosenberg used his war bonds and borrowed some money to start a mobile catering business that delivered breakfast and lunch to factory workers . He noticed that his best sellers by far were coffee and doughnuts , and decided to base the whole business around them . Seems to have worked out OK .  I still like the idea of doughnuts coming to me , though . 5 . On the other hand , Al Copeland , who created Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits , started out in the doughnut biz and ended up in poultry . He sold his car to purchase a Tastee Donut franchise from his brother and then decided to fry chicken instead of crullers . The first one failed , even with the tagline "  So fast you get your chicken before you get your change . " But the second version succeeded , making him a multimillionaire . The name , by the way , came from Popeye Doyle from "  The French Connection " -- not Popeye the Sailor Man . Mental Floss : 15 companies that originally sold something else 6 . How about a Sonic Steakhouse ? The founder , Troy Smith , had big plans for an upscale steak eatery when he originally entered the restaurant business . He opened a small diner called Troy 's Pan Full of Chicken to generate revenue for the bigger steakhouse and realized somewhere in the middle of things that he was making a load of money selling just root beer , hamburgers and hot dogs every week . He decided to stick with the low-brow menu and scrap the sirloin . 7 . Wilbur Hardee , obviously the founder of Hardee 's , ran several inn-style restaurants in North Carolina and took that time to study the habits of his patrons . He got rid of the inns and opened his first quick-service place , selling 15-cent hamburgers under the Hardee 's name until the chain was purchased by Carl 's Jr. in 1997 . 8 . Speaking of Carl 's Jr. , Carl Karcher came from similar humble beginnings . Like a lot of the great fast-food giants , Karcher started with a hot dog stand he and his wife purchased by taking a $ 311 loan out on their car . They also sold tamales . Somehow , I do n't think Paris Hilton biting into a big , juicy tamale would have had quite the same effect as Paris Hilton biting into a big , juicy Six Dollar Burger , do you ? 9 . Chick-fil-A started out as Dwarf Grill  now Dwarf House  , a full-service restaurant housed in a tiny little building with a tiny little door . The original can still be found in Hapeville , Georgia , complete with diminutive door  it has a regular door as well  . What might be shocking to Chick-fil-A die-hards is that the Dwarf Houses offer steakburgers and hamburgers . Gasp !! What would the "  Eat Mor Chikin " cows think ?! Mental Floss : Was there really a Granny Smith ? Fruit and veggie origins 10 . Finally , of course , there 's McDonald 's . Like our other frankfurter entrepreneurs , Dick and Mac McDonald started with a mere hot dog stand in Monrovia , California . They upgraded , but burgers were n't really their main focus -- they planned to capitalize on their delicious BBQ . They were mistaken . Several years later , they noticed that burgers were the item keeping the store alive and decided to switch exclusively to burgers , shakes , and fries . These days , I suppose they do a little bit of all of that , and more  yes , even the McHotDog  . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some famous fast food joints originally planned to cook up something else High cost of bagel equipment sent Ben and Jerry into ice cream business Creator of Popeye Chicken started out selling doughnuts Dunkin' Donuts ' founder started out with truck delivering breakfast , lunch to factories
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentina 's president is scheduled to temporarily hand over power Wednesday as she undergoes thyroid cancer surgery . Doctors were set to operate on President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner at Austral Hospital , located about 60 kilometers  35 miles  outside Buenos Aires , the state-run Telam news agency reported . She will hand over power to Vice President Amado Boudou until January 24 , officials have said . Supporters gathered outside the hospital Tuesday , posting banners and flags on a surrounding gate . Some set up camp for an overnight vigil . "  There is nothing healthier than the love between the people and the president , " one sign said , according to Telam . Recent medical tests uncovered papillary carcinoma in Fernandez 's thyroid gland , presidential spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said last week . The cancer has not spread to her lymph nodes or grown beyond the thyroid gland , he said . Fernandez , 58 , was sworn in for a second four-year term last month after she won re-election with more than 54 % of the vote . She became Argentina 's president in 2007 . Her husband , Nestor Kirchner , was president from 2003-2007 . He died in October 2010 . During Fernandez 's presidency , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . Papillary carcinoma is the most common type of thyroid cancer and has a high survival rate , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine . More than 95 % of adults with papillary thyroid carcinoma survive at least 10 years , according to a description on the library 's website . Treatment includes surgery , radioactive iodine and medication , the library says . Possible complications in surgery can include damage to a nerve that controls the vocal cords or accidental removal of a gland that helps regulate blood calcium levels , according to the medicine library . Recently doctors have diagnosed several current and former South American leaders with cancer . Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2010 . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced that doctors had diagnosed him with cancer in June . He did not specify what kind of cancer he had , but after undergoing several rounds of chemotherapy , he said in October that he had been cured . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff overcame cancer while she was a candidate for the office , and former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is undergoing treatment for throat cancer .	Doctors are set to operate in a hospital outside Buenos Aires President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner will hand over power until January 24 Medical tests uncovered papillary carcinoma in her thyroid gland Supporters gather outside the hospital , posting banners and flags on the gate
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The illness that derailed Miley Cyrus ' U.S. tour in April has returned like a wrecking ball at the start of her European tour . Cyrus ' Friday and Saturday shows in Amsterdam and Antwerp have been rescheduled for June 20 and 22 because she suffered a setback in her battle against a "  severe allergic reaction " to an antibiotic , her rep said . The 21-year-old singer fell ill on April 15 and was kept in a Kansas City hospital for several days . The remaining North American shows in her "  Bangerz " tour were postponed until August . "  After a period of improvement , Cyrus ' symptoms have returned and doctors will not permit her to travel , " her representative told CNN Wednesday . "  This type of extreme reaction can last up to 27 days and Cyrus must remain under doctors ' care at this time . " Cyrus is still hoping to perform her "  Bangerz " show at London 's O2 Arena on May 6 , the rep said . She initially became ill in early April with a flu-like illness , which caused her to pull out of her Charlotte show . After being prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin , her health woes grew when an allergic reaction to the drug left Cyrus hospitalized for more than a week , according to a statement from her representative earlier this month . Cyrus used Twitter to express her sadness , posting a tweet of 132 crying emoticons Tuesday . CNN 's Breeanna Hare and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Miley 's weekend shows in Amsterdam and Antwerp are rescheduled in June "  After a period of improvement , Cyrus ' symptoms have returned , " rep says Cyrus still hopes to perform her "  Bangerz " show at London 's O2 Arena May 6 Postponed North American shows are set for first two weeks in August
MANCHESTER , Tennessee  CNN  -- When Bela Fleck told us he had been missing something in his life musically , he caught us off guard . Bela Fleck traveled to Africa to immerse himself in banjo-related culture . Keep in mind : Fleck is considered by many to be the premier banjo player in the world . He 's won Grammy awards . He 's collaborated with bluegrass musicians , jazz players , classical performers and any number of other talented artists . But Fleck said he wanted to make himself uncomfortable . Earlier this year , he released the documentary "  Throw Down Your Heart , " for which he traveled to Uganda , Tanzania , Mali , and Gambia to explore the African roots of the banjo . CNN caught up with him backstage at the Bonnaroo music festival last month , where he played with African kora player Toumani Diabate , to discuss his film and experience in Africa and what prompted him to go . The following is an edited version of the interview . Watch Fleck at Bonnaroo " CNN : What gave you the inspiration to go to Africa to trace the roots of the banjo and make "  Throw Down Your Heart ? " Bela Fleck : Well , I have loved the banjo since I first heard it when I was a little kid , and after I started to learn to play it I discovered that it came from Africa originally , and that does n't seem to be common knowledge . There are a lot of people who have forgotten over the years where the banjo comes from . I 've always wanted to go back to Africa and hear what 's going on there and find the instruments that still exist that are the roots of the banjo and play music with them . So that 's what this trip and the film and the record were all about -- going to Uganda , Tanzania , Mali and Gambia and finding musicians and filming interactions with them and recording it all . CNN : What did you learn ? Fleck : That 's a common question . Everybody wants some kind of epiphany out of a trip like this , and I got it , but it 's hard to put it into words . Except that just the experience of playing with these musicians made my life a lot richer , made my worldview a lot bigger , and in a lot of cases I learned music that was so new to me that it 's affected the way I play music ever since . CNN : It 's clear that learning this music and a new technique on the banjo was a challenge for you . Fleck : Sure . Another important part of the trip for me was putting myself into uncomfortable situations and seeing how I would do , because over the years , as I 've gotten more and more successful , I get in control of things , and less and less I was finding myself in situations that were truly risky musically . I liked being unprepared and being forced to come up with it on the spot . It just was n't happening in my life at the time . So that was another part of going to Africa , throwing myself into completely uncharted waters and trying to do something good and survive . -LSB- There was also -RSB- the brotherhood of acoustic musicians , 'cause we feel something when we play our instruments and the sounds mingle in the air . I think it 's different than playing pop music or electric instruments . CNN : Tell us about your collaboration with Toumani Diabate . Watch the masters play " Fleck : I am so lucky to be performing with Toumani . He 's the greatest kora player . The kora is a 21-string harp , and he comes from 71 generations from it being taught from father to son , father to son . We improvise together with just the kora and the banjo . CNN : Did you learn how to play the kora ? Fleck : No , I have n't sat and tried to play the kora , but he 's taught me the notes that he plays , the scales and the patterns that he does , and I taught him some banjo stuff . He 's a great collaborator . Playing with musicians who did n't speak English was not a problem , when we started to play together , we always found a way to make music . CNN : Is there a social message about Africa you came back with and want people to know about ? Fleck : My reasons for going to Africa were kind of selfish , because I love the banjo , and I really want to play with the musicians . But I think that the film serves in a lot of positive ways . One of the ways is to show people that there are a lot of great things about Africa . Currently there are so many horrible things that are getting press about Africa , and they truly are horrible . But there 's a reason we should care about Africa : It 's a wonderful place . People are beautiful , and there is an incredible culture and history there , and I think this film sits on the other side . It 's not a political statement , but it does point out what is beautiful about Africans .	Bela Fleck , top-rank banjo player , went to Africa to seek instrument 's roots Fleck : I like throwing myself into "  uncharted waters " Musician collaborated with African kora player Toumani Diabate
CNN  -- The father of Haleigh Cummings , a Florida girl who disappeared in February , plans to file for divorce from the girl 's stepmother , a key witness in the case , his attorneys told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Ronald Cummings plans to divorce his wife , Misty , his attorney says . The move follows weeks of reported tension between Ronald and Misty Cummings during the search for Haleigh , who was 5 when last seen . In papers expected to be filed Tuesday , Ronald Cummings , 25 , cites irreconcilable differences in ending his short marriage to his 17-year-old wife , said Terry Shoemaker , Ronald Cummings ' attorney . Haleigh went missing from her father 's home in Satsuma , Florida , on February 9 . Cummings has made several public pleas for information in her disappearance . Misty Cummings , then known as Misty Croslin , was the last person known to have seen Haleigh the night she disappeared from the family 's rented mobile home . The teenager said she tucked Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother into bed about 8 p.m. and went to sleep herself two hours later , but awoke at 3 a.m. to find the girl missing and a cinder block propping open a back door . Ronald Cummings called police and reported his daughter missing when he returned from work at dawn . Investigators have said they do not feel Misty Cummings has told them everything she knows . "  The police have been telling me that I 've been keeping Misty under my wing and that 's why she has n't talked to the cops , " Ronald Cummings told a "  Nancy Grace " producer Tuesday . "  So now , here you go , I divorced her . So now go find my baby . " Watch Ronald Cummings speak to Nancy Grace " The Putnam County Sheriff 's office said in August that "  the evidence and investigatory effort has minimized the likelihood that Haleigh 's disappearance is the work of a stranger . " Ronald Cummings and Crystal Sheffield , Haleigh 's mother , are not considered suspects , police said . "  Investigators believe that Misty Croslin-Cummings continues to hold important answers in the case , " the sheriff 's office said in a written statement . "  She has failed to provide any sort of detailed accounting of the hours during the late evening and early morning of Haleigh 's disappearance . Furthermore , physical evidence at the scene contradicts Misty 's sketchy account of her evening activities . " Shoemaker said his client told Misty Cummings he wanted a divorce on Sunday , and that the a divorce agreement was drawn up Monday . The agreement was sent to Misty Cummings ' lawyer for her signature . "  He really did n't come to us and say , ' I want to file for divorce , ' " said another of Ronald Cummings ' attorneys , Brandon Beardsley . "  My understanding is that this is something that he and Misty have been discussing for the last few days and they 're contemplating it because they ultimately feel that it is in the best interest for both of them . " Misty Cummings ' attorney , Robert Fields , told CNN he has not talked with his client and does n't know her thoughts regarding the divorce . Fields said he had received the papers via e-mail but had not had a chance to review them . Asked what he thought the divorce would mean for the search for Haleigh , he said , "  Probably nothing . " "  You have to understand that ever since Haleigh went missing , they have been scrutinized , " Beardsley said of the Cummingses . "  They ca n't go out to dinner , ca n't even go to the convenience store to get a drink . ... The pressure of everything that is going on , the allegations and speculation , has been a stress on the relationship . The two lived together for about six months before marrying in March . The divorce agreement provides no financial terms , according to Shoemaker . On Monday , Misty Cummings left Satsuma to stay with a friend in Orlando , 50 miles south , Shoemaker said .	Haleigh Cummings ' father plans to file for divorce from the girl 's stepmother Haleigh went missing from father 's home in Satsuma , Florida , on February 9 Misty Cummings was Ronald Cummings ' girlfriend when Haleigh went missing Investigators said they think Misty Cummings has not told them everything
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A day after the U.S. State Department strongly condemned Israel 's plans to build a 1,500-unit settlement in East Jerusalem , Israel announced it would continue a plan to build settlements in other East Jerusalem neighborhoods . On Wednesday , initial approval for a total of up to 3,000 homes in Jerusalem was granted . Read more : Calm elusive as rockets rain in Gaza , Israel Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told a group of foreign ambassadors from Asia-Pacific countries he met with on Wednesday , while overlooking Jerusalem 's Old City : "  The walls that you see behind me represent the capital of the Jewish people for 3,000 years . All Israeli governments have built in Jerusalem . We 're not going to change that . That 's a natural thing . " He went on to say : "  Imagine that you had to limit construction in your own capital ; it does n't make sense . " Read more : Israel 's Hamas policy threatens permanent war The significance of building in East Jerusalem is that Palestinians have long hoped to make it their capital in a future Palestinian state that would include the West Bank and Gaza . In 1967 , Israel captured and annexed East Jerusalem , an action never recognized internationally and long condemned by Palestinians as an obstacle to a two-state solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict . On Tuesday , Israel announced that settlement building in Ramat Shlomo would continue , a plan originally announced in 2010 . Back then , the announcement , which coincided with a visit by Vice President Joe Biden , angered and embarrassed the United States . Read more : After Israel-Gaza : Who won , who lost ? At the time , the U.S. had brokered indirect talks between Palestinians and Israel that it hoped would reinvigorate the peace process , but the settlement building announcement prompted the Palestinians to pull out of the talks . There have not been peace talks since . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland used the strongest words against Israeli settlements in recent years after Tuesday 's announcement to move the settlement plan forward . "  We are deeply disappointed that Israel insists on continuing this pattern of provocative action . These repeated announcements and plans of new construction run counter to the cause of peace . Israel 's leaders continually say that they support a path to a two-state solution , yet these actions only put that goal further at risk , " she said Tuesday . Read more : Why Israel might hesitate to start a ground invasion On Wednesday , Israeli Interior Ministry spokesman Efrat Orbach said of the Ramat Shlomo building plan : "  It is a plan which was passed in the local council  during the visit of U.S. Vice President Joe Biden in March 2010  , and two and a half years ago , it was opened to appeals from the public by the regional council . The public 's objections were heard this week . As a result of the objections , a number of units were dropped . Now the property developer needs to make the changes to the plan and set out what he is obligated to do according to the plan . " Still , 1,500 new units have been approved . And a day after Nuland 's statement , an Israeli planning committee approved more settlement plans . The latest approval is for the Givat Hamatos and Beit Safafa neighborhoods . If that plan goes to the building stages , they would be the first new settlements built in East Jerusalem since 1997 . Read more : Why U.S. , Israel should welcome Palestinian move at U.N. Palestinian Authority officials are furious and see this as another indication that Israel is not interested in a two-state solution , something Israel denies . "  If there is a financial cliff in Washington or the United States today , there is a political cliff over a two-state solution  here  , and I think we are already slipping down the cliff , because the implementation of the massive settlement program that Israel has announced just today and yesterday it is putting an end to the possibility of a two-state solution , " Mohammad Shtayyeh , a Palestinian Authority negotiator and minister , told CNN on Wednesday . Israel 's Jerusalem mayor sees things differently . A statement about Israel 's plan to build about 2,600 units in the neighborhoods of Givat Hamatos and Beit Safafa from the mayor 's office said : "  Mayor Nir Barkat strongly condemns any attempt to undermine or derail the development plans , which will benefit the Jewish and Arab residents of Jerusalem alike . Not planning and developing Jerusalem neighborhoods ultimately harms all residents and landowners -- Arabs and Jews alike . " Read more : Gaza conflict leaves a ` cruel paradox ' for Palestinians Netanyahu spokesman Mark Regev told CNN : "  The actual construction is of 3,000 housing units , as was decided by the government on November 30 , 2012 . All these units are in Jerusalem and the settlement blocs that will stay a part of Israel in a future peace agreement . All other announcements regarding construction refer to stages of planning and zoning , a bureaucratic process that takes years to complete . In any case , this process necessitates a separate decision by the government before actual construction can begin . " The United Nations and many countries in the world consider Israeli settlements illegal and an impediment to the peace process . Netanyahu has been pushing more settlement expansion ever since the Palestinian leadership petitioned the United Nations for nonmember state status , which it received on November 29 after the majority of U.N. member nations approved it . In essence , the approval created a degree of statehood for Palestinians , though the change is largely symbolic . The recent settlement approvals do not mean building will commence quickly , but they may heighten tensions between Israel and its Western allies , never mind its Palestinian neighbors who are hoping the international community puts more pressure on Israel over the settlement issue . "  Israel does not understand the language of condemnation ; it does not need somebody in a press conference to say we 're opposed . Israel needs somebody to link its actions to the economic relations with this or that country . It was  former U.S. Secretary of State  James Baker who stood to say that if Israel continues with the settlement program , we are linking it to loan guarantees that are given to the state of Israel , " said Shtayyeh , the Palestinian Authority negotiator . This is all happening just as Israel is set to elect its next leaders on January 22 . CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	Plans to build a settlement in East Jerusalem 's Ramat Shlomo neighborhood drew criticism Israel says it will continue a plan to build settlements in other East Jerusalem neighborhoods Panel OKs about 1,500 Ramat Shlomo units , up to 3,000 in Givat Hamatos and Beit Safafa Israeli PM : Building in Jerusalem is "  a natural thing " ; Palestinians : Settlements hinder peace
Mashable  -- Social media management company Vitrue released a free tool Thursday , the Social Page Evaluator , designed to help marketers get a better understanding of a Facebook page 's value . Just submit a Facebook page URL and the app will come up with a valuation based on factors like number of fans , number of posts per day , number of interactions and so forth.ssss It 's a cool -- if not completely scientific -- way to gauge the potential value of your Facebook page to advertisers . The formula used by the Social Page Evaluator is related to the formula that Vitrue released last month to estimate the relative value of Facebook Fans to big brands . The tool , which was built over 63 hours in a Startup Weekend-style project , is adjustable and interactive . For instance , the base rate of Earned Media Value  or CPM in more traditional terms  is $ 5 , but this can be adjusted to a higher or lower value depending on the brand in question . Likewise , there is a "  Fan-tasize " section that lets you manipulate other features like number of posts per day , engagement level and Fan count to see how that affects the valuation . You can also compare a Facebook Page with up to three other brands at a time and view a Page 's value history . In addition to the valuation data , there is also a list of best practices for getting the most out of your Facebook Page . So how accurate is this tool ? It 's difficult to determine , as it is based on a formula that , while derived from a study of large brands , is obviously not going to be applicable to all companies . Still , it 's a fun , easy way to get an idea of the factors that impact a Facebook Page valuation . It 's also a good stepping stone for marketers to start thinking about the potential advertising power of a Facebook Page . What do you think of the tool ? Let us know !  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A new app helps marketers get a better understanding of a Facebook page 's value Submit a Facebook page URL to see a valuation based on factors like number of fans The tool , built in a Startup Weekend-style project , is adjustable and interactive
CNN  Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen . But there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back , that the fighting in Yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved . To the contrary , increasingly more Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country , attempting the dangerous trip in rickety fishing boats across the Red Sea to the Horn of Africa -- a trip historically made by people fleeing Africa rather than the other way around . Hopes for stability , not only in Yemen but in the Middle East in general , are fading as fears grow that Saudia Arabia and Iran are fighting a proxy war in Yemen for regional domination . And the number of dead continues to mount . Yemen 's health ministry said over the weekend that 385 civilians had been killed and 342 others had been wounded . The World Health Organization has put a higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded -- but includes militant casualties in the totals . The Houthis forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January , though Hadi still claims he is Yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen . Those allied with Hadi have accused the Iranian government of supporting the Houthis in their uprising in Yemen . Like the Iranians , the Houthis are Shiites . And like the Saudis , Hadi and his government are Sunni . Since it began on March 26 , Saudi Arabia has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes . Saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels . The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen , including its capital , Sanaa -- and supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh . The resolution "  raises the cost " for the Houthis , according to Mark Lyall Grant , Britain 's ambassador to the United Nations . In addition to the arms embargo , the resolution also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism , according to Grant . Russia abstained from Tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ?	Saudi officials say 500 Houthi rebels killed , but signs of progress appear scant Civilian casualties continue to mount U.N. Security Council favors Houthi arms embargo
CNN  -- A slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed Sunday to recall 143 million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in U.S. history . Officials said this is the largest recall in the United States , surpassing a 1999 recall of 35 million pounds . Keith Williams , a U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman , said investigators have found no cases of illness related to the recalled meat . But Dick Raymond , the undersecretary of agriculture for food safety , said there was a "  remote probability " that the meat from the Westland/Hallmark Meat Packing Company in Chino , California , could cause illness in humans . The amount of beef -- 143 million pounds -- is roughly enough for two hamburgers for each man , woman and child in the United States . The largest U.S. meat recall before Sunday came in 1999 , when about 35 million pounds of product possibly contaminated with listeria were ordered off shelves . USDA officials said that was Class I recall , involving a known risk to human health . Sunday 's action was a Class II recall , under which authorities say there is little risk of illness . Raymond said cattle that had lost the ability to walk since passing pre-processing inspections were slaughtered without an inspector having examined them for chronic illness -- a practice he said violated federal regulations and had been going on for at least two years . Watch video of cows being abused " Federal regulations are aimed at preventing the spread of bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or BSE -- the scientific name for "  mad cow " disease . It 's important to keep downed cattle out of the food supply because they also may pose a higher risk of contamination from E. coli or salmonella because the animals tend to wallow in feces and have weaker immune systems , according to AP . Raymond said the average age of the cattle involved is 5-7 years , meaning they were likely born long after a 1997 ban on ruminant feed , and that the incidence of BSE in U.S. cattle is "  extremely rare . " "  We do not know how much of this product is out there at this time . We do not feel this product presents a health risk of any significance , " he said . "  But the product was produced in non-compliance with our regulations , so therefore we do have to take this action . " About 37 million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs and other federal nutrition programs since October 2006 , said Ron Vogel , of the USDA 's Food and Nutrition Service . The recall dates back to February 1 , 2006 , and Raymond said "  the great majority " of the meat has probably been eaten already . USDA officials have begun tracing the products covered by the recall , he said . "  A lot of this is fresh , raw product and with ground beef , etcetera , that has a very short shelf life and refrigerator life , " he said . Most of the beef was sent to distribution centers in bulk packages . The USDA said it will work with distributors to determine how much meat remains , the AP reports . In January , the Humane Society of the United States accused Westland/Hallmark of abusing "  downed " cattle , releasing video that showed workers kicking cows , jabbing them near their eyes , ramming them with a forklift and shooting high-intensity water up their noses in an effort to force them to their feet for slaughter . Federal inspectors halted operations at the plant earlier this month after finding "  clear violations " of USDA regulations . California prosecutors on Friday announced animal cruelty charges against two former employees of the plant . In a statement issued February 3 , Westland Meat President Steve Mendell said the company was cooperating with the USDA and called the practices depicted in the humane society video as "  a serious breach of our company 's policies and training . " "  We have taken swift action regarding the two employees identified on the video and have already implemented aggressive measures to ensure all employees follow our humane handling policies and procedures , " Mendell said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jen Pifer contributed to this report .	About 37 million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs USDA official : There is "  remote probability " beef could cause illness in humans Westland/Hallmark Meat Packing Company employees accused of cattle abuse Hidden video shows animals unable to walk being dragged , carried by forklifts
CNN  --  CNN  -- The hostage standoff in St. Joseph , Louisiana , has ended with the hostage-taker and one hostage dead , police said . Louisiana State Police shot and killed Fuaed Abdo Ahmed as they stormed the Tensas State Bank , just before midnight local time , according to Col. Michael Edmonson . He said the gunman had threatened to kill the hostages . The two hostages -- a man and a woman -- were both shot by Ahmed as the police SWAT team entered the bank , Edmonson said . One of the hostages later died , and the condition of the second former hostage remains critical . Police said Ahmed was known to police , and Edmonson described him as a paranoid schizophrenic . Ahmed told hostage negotiators that he heard voices and wanted to have a device removed from his head . Edmonson said authorities believe Ahmed planned the events at the bank . They found a book on hostage negotiations at the bank after he was killed . Earlier in the evening , one bank employee was freed , while two of her colleagues remained held at gunpoint . Born in California , Ahmed moved with his family to northeastern Louisiana , where his family owns a convenience store , Edmonson said . The Mississippi River community of St. Joseph is about 35 miles south of Tallulah , Louisiana , and 35 miles north of Natchez , Mississippi . It is the seat of Tensas Parish , which has about 5,000 people . The incident began around 12:30 p.m. , when the 20-year-old man entered the bank branch in St. Joseph with a handgun , taking the three bank employees hostage , according to officials . After word got out about the hostage situation , local , state and federal law enforcement agents descended on the quiet community . Law enforcement agents were able to talk to the hostages . They also spoke with the gunman . Edmonson said he talked to , and prayed with , relatives of the hostages . In 2012 : Gunman wounded , ending French hostage incident CNN 's Alina Machado , Greg Botelho and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : One of the two hostages has died , Louisiana State Police say Police identify the dead hostage-taker as Fuaed Abdo Ahmed Ahmed shot both hostages as police stormed the building they were in One hostage was freed earlier in the evening
CNN  -- When FIFA named Qatar as the host nation for the 2022 World Cup finals , it vindicated the gulf nation 's continued determination to become one of the key players in the realm of sport by using its considerable economic resources . The decision by world football 's governing body was not met with widespread approval . Traditionalists argued that the kingdom , with a population of just 1.85 million of which only 300,000 are Qatari citizens , had never qualified for a World Cup finals and had no discernible history in the sport . Yet the power and influence generated by the oil-rich nation swung the vote Qatar 's way and , in 10 years ' time , football 's showpiece tournament will be played in an Arab country for the first time since its inception in 1930 . The Qatari influence in sport is growing year by year and , by the time 2022 is upon us , the portfolio of sporting franchises and sporting events owned by the nation will undoubtedly be even more impressive than it is today . In football , Qataris own Spanish club Malaga and French giants Paris Saint-Germain . They also host major events in tennis , golf and cycling and are one of the five bidders to host the 2020 Olympic Games , as well as establishing the Aspire sports academy , one of the most prestigious facilities of its kind in the world . But why are Qataris so heavily involved in the sporting world ? And what do they hope to achieve ? "  When Qatar discovered their huge gas reserves they invested millions in sport , raising their worldwide profile by buying athletes and footballers and giving them Qatari citizenship , " Middle East football expert James Montague , author of the book "  When Friday Comes -- Football In the Warzone , " told CNN . "  Several Uruguayan players were paid lots of money to switch countries , but this proved a disaster with the national team still failing to qualify for the 2006 World Cup finals , . "  That did n't work , so the next way to qualify was to actually host the tournament and raise their profile by buying football clubs . Now they are spending billions on its infrastructure to ensure Qatar is synonymous with sporting and football excellence . " Sheikh Saoud Bin Abdulrahman Al-Thani , secretary general of Qatar 's Olympic Committee , offers an insight into why the nation , and its ruling royal family , is such a major force in the sporting world . "  Sport has huge power and , for a nation like Qatar that has such widespread diversities , in many ways it can put us on the world map , " he told CNN 's Future Cities show . "  When you organize a big event it brings people from all over the world into your country , and with that comes an exchanging of cultures and a lot of media coverage . "  Sports tourism is also a massive business at the moment . In Qatar we are organizing more than 30 events a year and the economy being generated on the back of these events is massive . " Another Qatari-owned organization is TV channel Al Jazeera . Since its launch in 1996 as an Arabic news and current affairs satellite station , the channel has expanded rapidly over the years and has now become a serious bidder in the TV sports rights market . This was illustrated at the end of last year when it outbid French pay-TV operator Canal Plus to screen UEFA Champions League matches exclusively in France for the next three years . Having also won the rights to show French domestic league football from next season , allied to the ownership of Ligue 1 title challengers PSG , it is clear that Qatar now has a huge presence in that country . Football journalist Julien Laurens says Qatar 's influence in French football , and PSG in particular , is not necessarily a good thing . "  The Qatari influence in French football is massive at the moment , although it does seem to create a conflict of interest as they own the biggest club as well as also owning the TV rights to the league that club plays in , " he told CNN . "  There is no doubt that a revolution is currently taking place within the French game , but the Qataris have been lured to PSG by the glamor and prestige of the capital city and there is a danger that the league could become all about that one team for many years to come . " Laurens added : "  We did n't expect PSG to dominate things so quickly but they are already splashing the cash , which is creating a huge gap between them and the rest of the clubs . "  It was easy for them to take over a French club and lead them to the top straight away , it would not have been as easy in England , Spain or Italy . " Although Qatari businessmen now have a strong foothold in French and Spanish football , they remain without a key base in the English Premier League , which boasts the highest attendance figures in European football . However , according to Montague , that situation might change in the near future , with a massive English institution firmly on Qatar 's radar . And there is a near precedent following the 2008 takeover of Manchester City by an Abu Dhabi consortium . "  The Qatari Investment Authority have been sniffing around Manchester United for a long time , " Montague said . "  I have had conversations in Qatar with prominent people and they have told me that United would fit their profile of wanting to use sport in general , and football in particular , to raise their profile to that of a world power . "  The Glazer family , who currently own United , will sell because they will get a better price from the Qataris . It is n't just a numbers or profit thing with the QIA , they want the institution that United stand for . " It remains to be seen whether United , or indeed any other many English club , comes under Qatari ownership in the near future but , with a World Cup and possible Olympic Games both on the horizon , the tiny gulf state is only going to grow in sporting stature and importance over the next decade .	Qatar is becoming a major player in the world of sport and sport finance The cash-rich Gulf state already owns football clubs Paris St. Germain and Malaga A Qatari investment group has also been linked with a bid for Manchester United Qatar will host the 2022 World Cup and is bidding to stage the 2020 Olympic Games
Cairo  CNN  -- An Egyptian judge on Monday said he would announce the verdict in the trial of three Al Jazeera journalists on June 23 . The prosecution had argued that channels like Al Jazeera brought down Iraq and were planning to do the same in Egypt . One of the defendants , Al Jazeera bureau chief Mohamed Fahmy , argued that "  a TV channel ca n't destroy a country . " He held up a copy of a book by U.S. President George W. Bush , then slammed it down on the judge 's elevated desk , telling him he had "  underlined the parts in which Bush admits to invading Iraq based on misinformation . " The prosecution told the court in final statements on June 5 that the three Al Jazeera journalists ' reports "  included footage of clashes between police and protesters , but why ? In order to bring down the regime . But no , Egypt wo n't fall . Who added this footage ? These defendants . " "  Mercy with these  defendants  leads to drowning , the drowning of the entire society in darkness , " one prosecutor added , asking for the maximum sentence , which could go up to 25 years in prison . The three Al Jazeera journalists -- Fahmy , Peter Greste and Baher Mohamed -- face charges of spreading false news that harms Egypt 's national security and social peace and having membership in an illegal organization , the Muslim Brotherhood . Seventeen others claiming no affiliation to the channel are facing similar charges . Only nine defendants are in custody . Since its start in February , the case has been entangled in domestic and world politics . In Fahmy 's final statement to the judge , he said it was a political case . He has told journalists repeatedly that it was the result of a feud between Qatar and Egypt . The Qatari-owned channel backed the Muslim Brotherhood during the rule and after the ouster of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy last year . Its 2011 popularity plunged as supporters of the new regime saw it as a political adversary rather than an opposing network . National Security officer Ahmed Hussein , who did the initial investigation , told the court that the link between Al Jazeera and the Muslim Brotherhood was enough for him to consider the defendants to be members of a terrorist organization . The then-interim government declared the Brotherhood a terrorist organization in December 2013 , days before the arrest of the defendants . For five months , defense lawyers picked apart the case , stressing that the prosecution failed to provide hard evidence that the defendants altered facts or misrepresented reality , especially in a way that would endanger national security , social peace , and unity as the charges claim . When the prosecution first presented video footage and pictures it said were collected from defendants ' devices and cameras in March , defendant Peter Greste told reporters he was angry "  that we spent two months in prison for such flimsy evidence . " Video footage and pictures , which were displayed twice again in court , included 2012 reports by Sky News Arabia , reports from Greste 's original base in Kenya , and personal images and pictures of guns and ammunition , in addition to raw footage for some reports about demonstrations shot in Cairo . It also included photos and videos from Fahmy 's work with CNN in 2011 and 2012 . The requirements of a journalist 's work were often at the center of the argument . Defense lawyers focused on questioning the procedure , starting with the initial investigation and up to viewing the evidence in court . They said the prosecution charges refer to a different Al Jazeera channel , Al Jazeera Mubasher Misr , which was banned by an Egyptian court . "  Once the officers made the arrest , they realized this was an English channel , rendering the investigations and everything that was built on it null and void , " lawyer Shaaban Saeid told CNN . He was optimistic about the judge 's decision to announce the verdict in a week , an unusually short period for a process that traditionally could extend to weeks and months . "  It means the judge does n't need time to write reasons for a conviction , " Saeid said . An acquittal could be on the horizon , but others are holding back their excitement , fearing the politicization of the case , and public opinion that does n't view Al Jazeera favorably , could lead to a conviction . Later on Monday , in a separate case , Egypt 's prosecutor ordered the release of Al Jazeera Arabic journalist Abdullah El-Shamy , arrested last August and on hunger strike since January , due to his deteriorating health condition . CNN 's Ian Lee contributed to this report .	Three Al Jazeera journalists face charges in Egypt of spreading false news Prosecutors say the channel is trying to bring down Egypt ; defendants forcefully deny it Defense attorneys say the charges were actually meant for a different Al Jazeera channel
CNN  -- With time ticking by and an apparent dearth of clues , an eastern Montana family clung Thursday to hopes of finding a 43-year-old schoolteacher , last seen five days earlier out on a morning jog through her small town . An FBI official noted that investigators have received "  dozens and dozens " of calls about Sherry Arnold , agency spokeswoman Deborah Bertram said Thursday by e-mail . But the woman remains at large , and there are no named suspects in her disappearance . "  Our thoughts are focused on her , we want her to return , we want to get her back , " her husband , Gary Arnold , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Thursday . "  That 's what keeps hope alive . " Sherry Arnold went running around 6:30 a.m. Saturday , but never returned home , the FBI said . Other than one of her running shoes that was found along her route , authorities have not indicated there 's been any sign of Arnold . This is despite an extensive search effort launched by authorities and aided by throngs of people around the area . Sidney police Chief Frank DiFonzo said earlier this week that teams had been using dogs and aircraft and have gotten help from National Guard members as well as volunteers . Christine Mullen , 26 , a CNN iReport contributor , said earlier this week that she went to the site of one of the searches , where thousands turned up to help . Some set out on horses , others on ATVs and more on foot covering "  a lot of pasture , dirt roads and farmland . " Arnold 's disappearance has hit the small community hard , including at Sidney High School , where she is a math teacher . Situated near North Dakota and about 100 miles south of the Canadian border , Sidney has a population of just under 5,200 people , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . "  Everybody is involved , " said Mullen , adding she does n't know Arnold but still feels the impact . "  We 're such a small community , and crime is absolutely unheard of , " Mullen said . "  We do n't lock our car doors .  We 're  completely shocked . " But this type of extensive effort was called off Wednesday , when the FBI announced that "  law enforcement officials determined the prudent course of action is to scale back the ground search . " The focus , instead , will shift toward "  other investigative efforts , " though the FBI did not specify in its statement what those would be . "  I think the FBI is on top of it , as much as they can be , " said Gary Arnold , adding that he believed his wife 's running route has been "  very , very thoroughly searched . " "  They 're going to do the right thing and ask the right questions from the right people . We just need to get that one tip . " On Thursday , the FBI put out a poster of Arnold and added her to its "  kidnapping and missing persons " website . It noted that she was wearing running clothes , mittens , earbuds and a grayish-blue iPod at the time of her disappearance . "  We are hopeful this will generate more tips in the case , " Bertram said . "  Our goal is to keep her information and picture out in the public . " Frigid temperatures have heightened concerns . The low temperature Thursday night in Sidney was expected to dip to 15 degrees Fahrenheit , with daytime highs over the next two days forecast to be in the 30s , according to the National Weather Service . Gary Arnold said his wife 's disappearance has been "  very difficult " on the couple 's children , though he said they are staying optimistic . "  Their mother has raised them well , " he said . "  They are troupers , they are hanging in there , and they are not giving up hope either . "	Sherry Arnold , 43 , went for a run on Saturday and has n't been seen since Authorities found a lone shoe on her route but have n't disclosed anything else The FBI says it has scaled back its search , even as it pleads for more information Arnold 's husband says he trusts the FBI , adding simply , "  We want her back "
CNN  -- Pakistan 's government is not aware of any threat against international aid workers helping with flood relief efforts in the country , despite concerns from U.S. officials and others . Pakistani Information Minister Qamal Zaman Kaira told CNN Sunday that he knows of no specific threat against the aid workers and that the government has not received any information of such threats . He said if any aid worker requires security , the Pakistani goverment will provide it . Earlier , USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah has addressed reports of threats to international aid workers helping with flood relief efforts in Pakistan , calling it "  deeply saddening that others would choose to use these environments to propagate themselves or to threaten international aid workers . " Shah , who leads the U.S. agency that provides economic and humanitarian assistance worldwide , said Friday that he himself had been forced to leave one food distribution site early due to "  suspicious individuals " in the area . "  I had hoped to spend more time talking to people in line , but within a few minutes of being there , our Diplomatic Security detail informed me that there were some suspicious individuals in the area and we needed to leave , " he said . Shah 's comments came a day after the U.S. State Department announced it had obtained information about threats against foreign aid workers who are assisting with relief efforts in the flood-ravaged country , where monsoon rains have killed 1,639 people . "  We are concerned that extremist elements within Pakistan may decide to attack foreigners who are in Pakistan helping the people of Pakistan , or may choose at this time to attack government institutions in Pakistan that are responding on behalf of the Pakistani people , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Thursday . Shah expressed disappointment at the threats , saying , "  I ca n't tell you how ... inappropriate that feels when you 've been there and you 've talked to people who have literally lost everything and are just trying to survive . " At least 17 million Pakistanis have been affected by the monsoon floods that began a month ago , and thousands remain at risk . Crowley said the United States is doing everything it can to ensure that the U.S. and Pakistani disaster response can continue despite the threat . "  The fact that suspicious individuals had been in this site -- in part because they knew I was coming , and the day before , our security folks who had gone out there , of course , had n't seen any signs of them -- is an indication these are open sites , " Shah said . "  People can get there . The whole point is to have people who are in urgent need come and get food . So it 's just -- it 's deeply saddening that others would choose to use these environments to propagate themselves or to threaten international aid workers . "	NEW : Pakistan says it has not received reports of threats USAID administrator was forced to leave a site in Pakistan early due to "  suspicious individuals " The State Department has said it has information about threats against foreign aid workers Dozens of countries are assisting in flood relief efforts in Pakistan
CNN  -- Thinking about Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ' efforts this week to gain observer status as a nonmember state , I 'm reminded of one of my favorite "  Seinfeld " episodes . Sitting in the Restaurant -- the venue for so many of the best "  Seinfeld " bits -- George and Jerry conspire to produce a new sitcom , a show literally about nothing . Not surprisingly , the idea comes to nothing as well , though the ironic brilliance that the very show they want to produce already exists adds a cool philosophical edge to the comedy . Sadly , like the "  Seinfeld " episode , the Palestinian effort to gain entry into the U.N. General Assembly as an observer state will come to nothing as well , even if -- as is likely -- he succeeds . And that 's the real tragedy . Success will neither provide the gains Palestinians hope to achieve nor the disasters that opponents of the initiative predict . In the end , Abbas and the Palestinians will be no closer to statehood and perhaps even a little further away . Motives Frustrated by the world 's seeming indifference to the Palestinian issue and weakened by his inability to deliver anything , Abbas is desperate for an end-of - the-year success of some kind . Blocked by Washington and the U.N. Security Council last year from gaining admission as a state , he 's fallen back on the idea of observer status , an initiative that ca n't be vetoed by the Americans and is likely to succeed in the General Assembly . Opinion : Why U.S. , Israel should welcome Palestinian move at U.N. Observer status is largely a symbolic issue , but the Palestinian Authority might then have access to other U.N.-affiliated agencies , including the International Criminal Court , assuming that body would be willing to entertain Palestinian claims and charges against Israel . Indeed , Palestinian desperation is accompanied by a Palestinian assessment that the international arena offers a fertile field to score political points and to pressure and isolate the Israelis . Call it a kind of global station identification for an organization -- Fatah -- that 's run out of options . What matters is what happens on the ground If the history of this issue shows anything , it demonstrates that what really counts is what happens between Israelis and Palestinians in the region . How sad and ironic that it was Hamas ' rockets , not Abbas ' diplomacy , that put the Palestinian issue on the map again . And that 's likely to be the story again -- whether through violence or diplomacy . What counts is whether Israelis and Palestinians can offer incentives and disincentives to one another in currency that matters -- prisoners , land , cease-fires , economic assistance , etc. . It matters not a whit what goes on in New York at the United Nations . Abbas might well be the best partner Israel will ever have , but if he ca n't deliver or if the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu does n't want to deal with him , well Houston , we have a problem . And at the moment , it is Hamas -- not Abbas -- that counts more and the Gaza/Egypt arena , not the U.N. , that 's more relevant . Washington 's calculations Why not support the Abbas move ? Does n't the U.S. have a stake in bucking him up and reinforcing the two-state solution ? Obama 's calculations in opposing the observer initiative are three . First , philosophically , ever since we 've had Israeli-Palestinian negotiations , the American talking points have been pretty consistent . What matters is negotiations , not moves , at the U.N. And even though there are no talks now , the U.S. position is correct ; the only thing that can produce two states are two -- maybe three -- parties talking . Second , there 's no doubt that Obama understands that observer status will only deepen the adversarial relationship between Abbas and Netanyahu , give the Israelis another reason not to negotiate and get the president into a fight with Congress should he support the Palestinian bid . Indeed , that 's the last thing he needs at a time when he 's wrangling with Congress about the fiscal cliff and fighting with the Republicans about Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . Finally , if he is going to consider an initiative on the big Israeli-Palestinian issues during his second term , he needs to build up credibility with the Israelis -- as he 's done on the cease-fire in Gaza -- so he can be in a better position to push and persuade them later . News : Palestinians again take status case to U.N. . An initiative about nothing The observer state initiative wo n't make the difference that either its advocates or detractors imagine . Congress might further restrict aid to the Palestinians at a time when the Palestinian Authority is in the red . Abbas will look feckless -- and Hamas even stronger -- because in the end , the results in New York will change nothing on the ground for the better in the region . Indeed , Israel might well retaliate by withholding tax revenues it collects for the Palestinian Authority under agreements reached in the mid-1990s . And sadly , unlike a "  Seinfeld " episode , what happens between Israelis and Palestinians actually matters . For the time being , these two peoples will remain suspended between a peace they can not have and a confrontation neither wants but might well come nonetheless . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas seeking nonmember state status at U.N. Former diplomat Aaron Miller says the move is like a "  Seinfeld " episode , a show about nothing He says it wo n't achieve a breakthrough and also wo n't likely do much harm Miller : The real story is about what happens on the ground between Israel , Palestinians
Washington  CNN  -- Cory Booker already had a national identity before he decided to run for senator . The media-savvy , tweet-happy mayor from Newark -- who easily won the New Jersey Democratic primary for Senate Tuesday -- has been known for his man-of-the-people streak , charismatic presence and social media intensity , or as some say , fixation . Cory Booker becomes Democratic nominee for N.J. Senate seat But can he make the switch from a nationally popular hands-on mayor to the contentious spotlight of the United States Senate ? Booker , in his path to Tuesday 's win , weathered a few negative headlines , but came out largely unscathed by his Democratic opponents . His Republican challenger , former Bogota Mayor Steve Lonegan , may be able to go after Booker for spending more time on his national profile than on running the city he leads . But several polls show Booker running away with the special election on October 16 and becoming the first African-American elected to the Senate since Barack Obama . Despite the possible attacks , experts in New Jersey politics and friends close to Booker tell CNN that there is little chance the mayor 's national profile will diminish if he heads to the Senate later this year . "  I would n't expect those media requests are going to abate because he moved into a new role , " said Andra Gillespie , a friend of Booker 's and the author of "  The New Black Politician : Cory Booker , Newark , and Post-Racial America . " But is that a good thing ? Booker shoots down 2016 presidential bid Elizabeth Warren or John Edwards ? When Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts was elected to the Senate in 2012 , she came in as someone with substantial liberal chops and national notoriety for her expertise on banking and consumer rights issues . After arriving in the Senate , however , Warren shied away from national media attention and is no longer a regular on the interview circuit . That likely wo n't be the case with Booker . "  The difference between him and Elizabeth Warren  is  , he has already mastered social media and mainstream media in a way that she has n't , " Gillespie said . In six years as Newark 's mayor , Booker gained notoriety for an experiential kind of leadership . Late last year , the mayor lived on food stamps in order to show how difficult relying on the government program can be . From 1998 to 2006 , Booker lived in a housing project as a way to connect with constituents . These stories -- along with others -- have made Booker a household name in New Jersey and national politics . On Twitter , the mayor has a massive 1.4 million followers and has sent more than 30,000 tweets in his time on the site . It is n't unusual to see Booker direct message constituents who tweet him with issues -- in fact , it has become part of his persona . And that might be a problem for Booker . As a possible preview to attacks that could be leveled against the mayor in the future , Republicans have questioned how Booker could rise so high nationally from such an unusual perch . "  There is something decidedly odd about the whole Cory Booker phenomenon , " wrote Stuart Stevens , a Republican strategist , in a Daily Beast opinion piece . "  Someone who managed to become a national political figure as mayor of the nation 's 67th-largest city , he is dangerously close to falling into the celebrity trap of being famous for being famous . " That idea -- that Booker is famous for being famous -- has begun to circle at home , too . "  The phrase that everyone has been throwing around here is workhorse vs. showhorse , " said John Weingart , associate director of the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University . "  I think he certainly has a unique path to political prominence , " Weingart said . "  People used to say being mayor of New York was a dead end job politically , but nobody ever said being mayor of Newark was a path to higher office . He has certainly had some accomplishment as mayor of Newark , but it is almost  that  his fame is on a separate track as his record from Newark . " In particular , Weingart notes , Booker is regularly in front of the camera on national news , but rarely to talk about Newark . Instead , he said , he is booked because of his charisma and ability to talk about Democratic politics , in general . Gillespie thinks those critiques are somewhat unfair . Instead of comparing him to the media-shy Warren , the Booker chronicler said the more apt comparison is with former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina . When Edwards was elected to the Senate in 1998 , the North Carolinian was known as the charismatic lawyer who gained national attention for protecting patients ' rights against doctors and hospitals in a 1985 case . When he got to the Senate , he became a party standout and was the champion of an issue that put him in front of cameras with some regularity : tort reform . If Booker can find an issue , Gillespie said , the comparison with Edwards -- who ran for president in 2004 and 2008 -- could stick . How far can Booker go ? Even when Booker was a Newark City Council member , people who came into contact with him said they could see him running for president someday . "  Having known him for a long time , people were talking about him being the first black president in 2001 and 2002 , " Gillespie said . "  It is looking more plausible now . " Weingart shared a similar story . Cost to win congressional election skyrockets "  I think a small number of political figures who from the beginning of their career , lead people to say I can imagine him becoming president , " Weingart said . "  It has been true of Cory Booker . " Earlier this month , Booker ruled out the possibility of running for president in 2016 . Asked by Politico whether he would rule out a presidential or vice presidential bid in the next election cycle , Booker responded with three words : "  Absolutely yes , unequivocally . " But that does n't mean never . And with the Democrats ' markedly short bench on future presidential candidates , along with Booker 's ability to command national attention and hefty amounts of fundraising dollars , the possibility is clearly there . With those attributes comes another , more grandiose comparison , with President Barack Obama . Supporters , such as Gillespie , said the comparisons have to do with a mix of race , charisma and electoral history . And , of course , possible presidential aspirations . But it is in that last regard that Gillespie looked to distance Booker from Obama . "  If Booker were to run in 2020 , he would have served a full term as U.S. senator , " she said , "  which would be different than President Obama . " Last month , the two sides of Booker -- the political rising star and the national media figure -- came into conflict when a scheduling snafu for a speaking gig at the University of Iowa , the state that traditionally hosts the first caucus of the presidential election season , put his possible White House aspirations into focus . All part of the game , says Weingart . "  I think Booker will have to face that , " he said , referring to the mayor being asked about running for president "  If he goes to Iowa , that will be looked at through the lens . " "  The Democrats do n't have a deep bench , so I think every conversation about the future of the party that extends past Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden , he will be on the list . "	Newark Mayor Cory Booker won the Dem . primary for the Senate seat from N.J. Many polls have him well ahead of his Republican challenger for the Oct. 16 special election His national popularity has led some to worry if he is "  famous for being famous "
CNN  -- Searchers have recovered the bodies of three people who were aboard a Yemenia Airways jet that crashed off the coast of Comoros in the Indian Ocean , a spokesman for Yemen 's Civil Aviation department said Tuesday . A man hugs a relative of one of the victims at an airport in Marseille in southern France . Capt. Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Qadir also told reporters that a child who was reported found alive was a 5-year-old boy . He did not give further details of the child 's condition . "  The French said that  Wednesday  they will send more French units to the accident location in order to retrieve the bodies and possibly that they may be able to locate people who are still alive , " he said . The Airbus 310 went down early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members on a flight that originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa . Qadir said the jet took off from Sanaa shortly before 10 p.m. Monday and vanished from radar when it was about 16 miles from Comoros ' capital , Moroni . Searchers have not located the plane 's data recorders , Qadir said , and investigators were not speculating on the cause of the crash . "  The weather conditions were indeed very troubling and the winds were very strong , reaching 61 kilometers per hour  38 mph  , " he said . "  That 's one thing . The other thing was that the sea was very rough when the plane approached landing at Moroni airport . " But French Transport Minister Dominique Bussereau noted that several years ago France banned the plane , a A310-300 , because of safety concerns . "  People are talking about poor weather conditions , but for the moment , we are unsure , " Bussereau said . "  It seems the plane may have attempted an approach , put on the gas , and attempted another approach , which then failed . For the moment , we must be careful because none of this information is verified . " Qadir said it was too early to blame the aircraft for the crash . "  This plane is just like any other plane , " he said . "  It can have a malfunction , but we do n't know what really happened before the investigation is over . And then we can determine if there is a technical issue , bad weather or anything else that may have led to the crash . " It was the second crash involving an Airbus jet in a month . On June 1 , an Air France Airbus A330 crashed off Brazil while en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . All 228 aboard are presumed dead . The cause remains under investigation . Recent plane crashes " Former pilot and aviation analyst John Cox said there were no similarities between the two incidents . "  These are two dramatically different airplanes flown by two different airlines , " Cox told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The accidents happened at two different regimes of flight . And Airbus has hundreds of millions of hours flying safely . I do n't believe that ... we can draw any conclusions because the manufacturer was the same in these two very different types of accidents . " At first , Comoros officials said there were no signs of survivors among the dead bodies floating in the choppy waters . But then rescuers found the child . Watch as airline describes child 's rescue " Cox said it reminded him of the 1987 crash of Northwest Flight 255 in Detroit , Michigan , in which only a 4-year-old girl survived while 156 others died . "  This has come up before , and it 's where the toddler was seated  during the impact  that allowed them to survive , " he said . "  It 's a miracle and I 'm glad ... the toddler is safe . I 'm just saddened for the loss of everybody else , " he added . The Yemeni crash occurred as the plane approached the Hahaya airport in Moroni . The plane tried to land , then U-turned before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said . Officials did not know why the plane could not land , he said . Flight 626 was expected to be a four-and-a-half-hour flight . The airline has three regular flights a week to Moroni , off the east coast of Africa , about 2,900 km  1,800 miles  south of Yemen . The crash occurred about 1:30 a.m. , Nadhoim said . There was no indication of foul play behind the crash , the official in Yemen said . Yemenia Air had used the jet since 1999 on about 17,300 flights , Airbus officials said . The company said it would assist in investigating the crash . "  The concerns and sympathy of the Airbus employees go to the families , friends and loved ones affected by the accident , " the company said in a statement . In the wake of the Air France crash on June 1 , United States accident investigators have been probing two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s . One flight was between the United States and Brazil in May , and the other between Hong Kong and Japan in June . The planes landed safely and there were no injuries or damage , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report	NEW : Three bodies found ; French sending team to help search and rescue A 5-year-old boy recovered alive from Yemeni jet crash in Indian Ocean Jet was carrying more than 150 people to island of Comoros from Yemen Crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official says
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel is getting used to life as Formula One 's lone racer . The four-time world champion jokes that he has become something of a ` Sunday driver ' -- it 's just that he irritates those on the road behind him by being too quick instead of being proverbially slow behind the wheel . "  It is a Sunday afternoon drive , " he mused to CNN after winning the penultimate race of the season in Austin , Texas . "  But not in that regard . " Along with his faithful Red Bull steed , Vettel has powered to four straight world championships and polished off a record-equaling nine consecutive race wins at the season ending Brazilian Grand Prix . Even more mind boggling , is the fact that he has won at least three of those races 30 seconds ahead of the next car -- an enormous margin by the sport 's modern standards . When it was pointed out at the United States Grand Prix that the reigning world champion had won by a measly 6.2 seconds , he joked that perhaps the watching world was disappointed that he had not put his foot down . Class of one For the sport 's global audience of half a billion viewers and those watching from rival team garages , it is , of course , no joke . Vettel probably could have injected a turn of pace Speedy Gonzalez would have been proud of if he wanted to and won by a country mile . "  We just wanted to make sure there was plenty available , " Red Bull team boss Christian Horner agreed after the Austin race . Despite being surrounded by a field of drivers that includes four world champions , Vettel has effectively been racing himself . So how does it feel to be driving in a class of one ? "  It 's not as if I 've been getting bored , " the 26-year-old German racer deadpanned . Even the best drivers in the world have to get the basics of motor racing right -- making a clean start , handling the seesawing balance of the car as it eats up fuel and managing the life of the tires to time the pit stops and maintain , or gain , an advantage over your rivals . "  Obviously I 've quite a lot to do , " Vettel explained . "  First of all , I have to match their pace . Obviously when they do come closer it 's not the best feeling because you want the gap to increase always . "  Certainly it 's a great feeling when you do pull away , and then it 's about pacing yourself , pacing yourself to get the range , to look after the tires etc. . "  There are a lot of things going on but also it 's a nice feeling to have a little bit of a gap because you can take it a little bit easier in some crucial places , to look after the tires and benefit from that , especially later on in the stint . "  Overall , you do tend to have quite a bit of work in the car . " Team orders Vettel has won 13 races in 2013 but not all of them have been at a canter . The 26-year-old caused a stink when he ignored team orders to snatch victory from his Red Bull team mate Mark Webber in Malaysia . Then in Germany he fended off the Lotus drivers while in Japan , Vettel clawed back victory , again from Webber , on tire strategy . The 10 other race victories ? Well , they can be summed up by a single word -- dominance . There have been signs that perhaps Vettel , the lone racer , has been finding other ways to keep himself busy in the car . For one thing , the German claimed the DHL award for setting the highest number of fastest laps during the races in a single season . In 2013 , Vettel set the fastest lap seven times -- and yes , there is actual silverware to add to his bursting trophy cabinet . There have also been hints that Vettel has been amusing himself by testing the limits of his Red Bull team , as he pushes the limits of the car . His level-headed race engineer Guillaume "  Rocky " Rocquelin has often had to be the voice of reason on the pit-to-car radio warning Vettel to be patient , not to abuse the tires and to focus on "  distance not speed . " Even team boss Horner put on his best parental voice when he tried to persuade an impatient Vettel not to pass Webber for the victory in Malaysia , saying : "  This is silly , Seb . " Does Horner agree , I asked him at the Austin race , that Vettel has had to find new ways of testing himself by pushing the limits of his car and the team when he is able to win races so easily ? "  What are you trying to say ; that he 'd like to go for it a bit more ? " Horner responded . "  Of course , Seb 's very fixated on the fastest lap record , and he 'd be enormously p **** d off if he did n't get that trophy , " he continued , with a dash of tongue in cheek humor . "  His enthusiasm runs away with him at times , I keep telling Rocky ` OK now you can slow him down . ' " Horner did , however , add that Vettel was equally comfortable notching up victories out in front or scrapping it out in a close fight with his peers . "  He enjoys competing , he enjoys winning and he 'll do the best that he can in the circumstances , if that means going wheel to wheel with somebody he 'll get satisfaction out of both . "  It 's a question of managing the race . We 've seen it with him so many times -- he 's incredibly good at that . " Those racing behind the virtually untouchable German can also appreciate what Vettel has been able to achieve with car designer Adrian Newey 's peerless Red Bull at his fingertips . Era of dominance Mercedes ' racer Lewis Hamilton , the 2008 world champion , told CNN he could barely remember winning a race by a clear 30 seconds -- although he did win a wet British Grand Prix in his championship-winning year with McLaren by more than a minute . "  In F1 it 's always five seconds or maybe 10 maximum , " Hamilton explained , when considering what it must have been like for Vettel to win races so dominantly in 2013 . "  When you have that kind of gap you can just cruise ; when you 're that much faster than everyone you can just cruise , you 've got no traffic , you 've got time to pit , no-one in front of you -- it 's really easy . "  When you have that time in the bag you do n't make mistakes because you do n't have to push to the limit . "  You can control it more and be more at ease and have more time to think about things . It 's a much , much different position to be in than fighting in the midfield . " Hamilton , alongside fellow world champions Jenson Button , Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen , publicly refused to declare the sport as boring under Vettel 's era of dominance . But racing drivers have egos and inside they must privately acknowledge a gnawing sense of frustration that they have been fighting this season for the title of ` best of the rest ' . Major rule changes loom large on the horizon in 2014 -- it 's a chance for Formula One to press the reset button . Vettel may have raced off into the sunset as a lone racer in 2013 but next season he could find himself reunited with a posse of fierce racing rivals . For now , the achievements of his record season are still sinking in . "  It is very , very difficult for me to realize what we have achieved again , " Vettel said as he faced the media for the final time at Brazil 's season finale . "  I 'm actually quite sad that this season comes to an end . Hopefully one day , when I 've got less hair and I 'm chubby then it 's something nice to look back to . "	Sebastian Vettel won 13 of the 19 grands prix in the 2013 Formula One season Red Bull racer wrapped up a fourth straight title and equaled record for nine straight race wins Lewis Hamilton says Vettel "  can just cruise " to wins ; Vettel says he is not bored by winning New rules changes coming in 2014 could halt Vettel and Red Bull 's winning streak
CNN  -- "  If you 'd like beer with your dinner , we have Asahi or Kirin , " says Reverend Seioh Yamashina . Given that I 'm sitting on a floor cushion about to stab my chopsticks into a tray of beautiful shojin ryori  vegan Buddhist cuisine  served at a mountaintop temple at Japan 's most sacred site , Koyasan , I reply to the robed monk as any visitor would . "  Asahi , please . " Noting the surprised look on my face as I respond to his offer , Yamashina says that Fudoin Temple has no problem with shukubo  temple stay  guests enjoying a beer with dinner . After all , he is n't the one drinking it . Certain sects of Buddhism in Japan are n't as strict as you might find in places like Thailand or Bhutan , where drinking alcohol near temples is forbidden , he goes on to explain . For another thing , ordained monks can get married here . According to history books , back in 1872 the incoming Meiji government declared that monks should be free to eat meat -- if given to them as an offering -- take wives and have children . The tradition continues today . Seioh 's father is Fudoin 's temple master , as was his father and grandfather before him . Where Japanese Buddhism took hold Of Koyasan 's 117 temples , Fudoin is one of 52 that allow overnight guests . Why so many shukubo ? Located in Japan 's Wakayama Prefecture , Koyasan is a must-hit site for spiritual Japanese . It 's starting to grow in popularity globally , thanks to its 2004 addition to the UNESCO World Heritage List as one of three sacred sites in Japan 's Kii Mountain Range . With a population of about 3,000 people , according to town officials , it 's the center of Shingon Buddhism , a Chinese-influenced esoteric sect introduced to Japan in the year 805 by a man named Kobo Daishi , or Kukai , one of Japan 's most revered religious figures . Ancient cedar forests share space with historic pagodas , paved roads , restaurants , schools , cafes and souvenir shops . Anything that 's built in the town of Koyasan needs to be approved by officials in historic Kongobuji , which also functions as the Shingon Buddhism headquarters for more than 4,000 temples and missions throughout Japan and overseas . A walk in honor of the dead As far as ancient forests and sacred mountains go , Koyasan is easily up there with the world 's best . Every pagoda and gate is stunning , particularly the 20 structures at Danjo Garan , often described as the second most sacred site in Koyasan . Another beautiful site is Banryutei , Japan 's largest rock garden . Located in the inner courtyard of Kongobuji temple , it was completed in 1984 to commemorate the 1,150 th anniversary of Kobo Daishi 's ascent into eternal meditation . But the pinnacle of any journey to Koyasan is incredible Okunoin , the most revered site of them all . After crossing the Ichinohashi  first bridge  , I 'm ready to head down the two-kilometer cobblestone walkway to the Okunoin mausoleum and its Torodo Hall , filled with more than 10,000 lanterns . The walk is filled with more than 200,000 gravestones , monuments and memorials  no bodies are buried here  , all sharing space with Shinto torii gates , side paths and thick forests of massive trees that tower over the trail and filter the morning sun . You could walk back and forth through that forest 100 times and still spot something you did n't notice before . There are monuments to historic figures , war heroes , royalty , business leaders , children and pets . Some of the little human statues wear bibs , others tiny hats . From Nissan to Sharp , many of Japan 's largest corporations have paid piles of yen for huge marble monuments to be erected at Okunoin to honor deceased employees . Some are marble statues in the shape of the products the companies produce . At the end of the Okunoin walkway is the mausoleum of Kobo Daishi , the man who started it all . Every morning at 6 a.m. and 10:30 a.m. , golden-robed monks prepare a meal for Kobo Daishi as part of a ritual that involves blessing food placed in a covered wooden box . The monks are oblivious to our little row of photographers . As we clamor for a good vantage point , they float by in their elevated wooden shoes , carrying the wooden box up the temple stairs to the mausoleum . It 's best to visit Okunoin on weekday mornings to catch this solemn display of devotion , when crowds are light . My guide tells me things get packed on weekends with busloads of Japanese tourists . "  Pretty much everyone in Japan wants to visit Koyasan at least once in their lives , " he says . Meditation , chants and free Wi-Fi Back at Fudoin , it 's 7 a.m. and master Seiryu Yamashina is hovering over a large book , carrying out his morning ritual in the glittery temple , which guests are invited to watch . Joined by two other chanting monks , he prays for all the spirits enshrined at Fudoin and societal peace . It 's a mesmerizing scene -- the steady flow of chants are hypnotizing as curly trails of incense smoke waft into the air , punctuated by the occasional bang of a gong . Visitors are given a printout featuring a portion of the chant , in English and Japanese , should they wish to follow along . Afterward , we 're served breakfast , another fabulous and fresh shojin ryori meal  I 'd quit meat forever if I had access to this food every day  in the temple 's historic Kuri dining room , one of Wakayama Prefecture 's most revered cultural assets . Though the temple adheres to ancient traditions , guests have free Wi-Fi available throughout the property , rooms included . This , says the temple master , is part of the secret to Koyasan 's survival -- the ability to adapt and change , while still adhering to the core principles of the Buddhist faith . "  It 's my duty as the temple master to follow all the old rituals and traditions and pass them along , " he says . "  But we need to embrace new technology . In the early days , Koyasan was introduced to the masses by pilgrims who traveled through on foot , then spread the word about this sacred site . "  Today , we have much easier ways to share information . "  Plus , the reality is foreign travelers need access to the Internet , whether it 's for keeping in touch with family or booking onward travel . " Where to stay All of Koyasan 's temple lodgings can be booked through the official Shukubo Koyasan website . Comfort levels , amenities and prices vary . At Fudoin , there are 22 Japanese-style guest rooms and two halls . Rooms are comfortable and big -- some offer an outdoor seating area looking into a lovely garden . Facilities include gardens , a tea ceremony room , library and Western-style toilets , though the bath is shared . In addition to morning prayers , guest activities include "  sutra copying "  transcription of 262 words of Hanya Shinkyo scripture  and Ajikan meditation sessions . Getting there The Nankai Electric Railway makes four round-trips a day by Limited Express , and runs Express trains at about 30-minute intervals between Osaka Namba Station and Koyasan Station . The trip takes 100 minutes by Limited Express , and around two hours by Express . From Koyasan Station , visitors can hop on a 10-minute bus to Koya town . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Koyasan in Japan 's Kii Mountains is one of country 's most sacred sites Okunoin area has more than 200,000 gravestones and memorials Of Koyasan 's 117 temples , 52 accommodate overnight guests
CNN  -- The last time Ben Affleck played a superhero , the world cried . The year was 2003 , and the movie was "  Daredevil " -- a Hollywood fail that even Affleck has insinuated he 'd rather forget . So is it any wonder that within hours of Warner Bros. announcing the actor was going to play Batman in the upcoming "  Man of Steel " sequel , Twitter immediately tried to recast the part using the hashtag #BetterBatmanThanBenAffleck .  Suggestions have included "  the drunken hobo who lives under the overpass , " the dog from "  Air Bud " and "  Manti Te'o 's girlfriend . " But in the eyes of some critics , the 41-year-old Oscar winner may not be such a bad choice . Let 's not forget that Affleck has turned a career corner since his "  annus horribilis " -- the year that sparked "  Daredevil " and that other movie that had film fans writing him off , "  Gigli . " He recovered from that valley slowly but surely , and went on to direct and star in standouts like 2010 's "  The Town " and 2012 's "  Argo , " the latter of which won an Oscar for best picture . From actor to auteur : Ben Affleck 's career trajectory Knowing that , Yahoo! Movies thinks "  we owe Ben the benefit of the doubt " given that "  the guy has made quite the comeback lately . " And there 's also the possibility that he 's learned from his mistakes with "  Daredevil " -- the faults of which , notes CraveOnline , do n't rest completely on Affleck 's shoulders . Now that he 's an older , more seasoned actor who 's shown himself to be a wizard in the director 's chair , maybe "  Man of Steel 2 " director Zack Snyder 's assessment is n't so far off : "  Ben provides an interesting counter-balance to Henry  Cavill  's Superman , " Snyder said in a statement . "  He has the acting chops to create a layered portrayal of a man who is older and wiser than Clark Kent and bears the scars of a seasoned crime fighter , but retain the charm that the world sees in billionaire Bruce Wayne . " If anything , says The Wall Street Journal , Affleck is "  too perfect for the role . " "  He has it all , " says WSJ 's Michael Calia . "  The shoulder-heavy jock 's physique , the chiseled facial features set to brood , the experience playing a tough but haunted leading character . It 's yet another example of competent and professional , if uninspired , Batman casting . ...  It 's  better than Hollywood forcing another nondescript young hunk on us . " Film School Rejects disagrees with those who call the decision ho-hum , arguing that "  Affleck as Batman in ` Man of Steel 2 ' is actually some pretty exciting casting news . ...  A  fter more than a year of rumors and speculation that he would be directing their Justice League ensemble  movie  and/or possibly playing the Caped Crusader in it , this seems to be an equally interesting announcement . " Affleck as Batman ? ` No , nyet , never ! ' From the perspective of the studio , Warner Bros.  which shares a parent company with CNN  , Affleck 's casting is "  a major win , " The Wrap says . The move not only shows that the now-back-on-top star "  still has faith in the studio , " but it also paves the way "  for several potential superhero collaborations . " That idea is probably making several Bruce Wayne fans cringe as they hurry to sign a petition begging Warner Bros. to drop Affleck from the role . But maybe , just maybe , Affleck wo n't be as horrible as everyone is anticipating . After all , he 's proven us wrong before .	Casting of Ben Affleck as Batman has sparked immense backlash Some industry observers think it 's not such a bad move He 's made a career turnaround since he starred in 2003 's "  Daredevil "
CNN  -- The Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries has tagged two great white sharks off Cape Cod in an area where shark sightings have been reported , state officials said Sunday . A great white shark is tagged Saturday off Cape Cod , Massachusetts . Shark sightings closed nearby beaches . The first tagging Saturday marked the first time a great white shark had been successfully tagged in the Atlantic Ocean off the U.S. coast , the division said in a statement . A second shark was tagged Saturday afternoon , officials said . The taggings took place in the waters near Chatham , Massachusetts , two days after Greg Skomal , shark expert for the Division of Marine Fisheries , reported as many as five large sharks were seen near Monomoy Island , a National Wildlife Refuge off the southern elbow of Cape Cod . The island is about a mile away from Chatham 's Lighthouse Beach , a public swimming area . Chatham 's beaches were closed to swimmers after the sightings , Skomal said . CNN affiliate WCVB reported that all of Chatham 's east-facing beaches were closed after three sharks came within 75 yards of the coastline . Watch who is making money from sharks " The beaches will be off-limits to swimmers until the middle of the week , officials told WCVB . After the sightings , Skomal and other biologists set out to identify the species , the division statement said . Skomal identified a great white shark on Friday , and then the two were tagged Saturday . "  The tags , which use satellite-based technology to record where a shark travels , allow scientists to better understand migratory patterns , " the division statement said . Great white sharks are relatively rare in New England , the division statement said , but have been seen feeding near seal colonies . Massachusetts has recorded only four shark attacks since 1670 , two of which were fatal . The last fatal shark attack in Massachusetts happened in 1936 . Researchers have also tagged great white sharks off the coast of South Africa .	Taggings of great whites are the first in the Atlantic Ocean , state officials say Beaches in Chatham , Massachusetts , closed after shark sightings Great white sharks are relatively rare in New England , state officials say Tags will let scientists track the two sharks
CNN  Florida State University students huddled together in the aisles of a packed campus library early Thursday after a gunman opened fire , injuring three . Two of the shooting victims were taken to Tallahassee Memorial Healthcare . One was in critical condition ; the other was stable , the hospital said . The third victim was treated and released at the scene . All three are students . Campus officers later shot the gunman to death after they asked him to drop his handgun , and he opened fire at them , authorities said . "  This is an isolated incident and one person acting alone , " Tallahassee police Chief Michael DeLeo said later . "  There 's no indication of any further threat to anybody . " "  Obviously everyone wants to know why , " DeLeo added . "  That 's the hard answer we 're going to continue to investigate . " Officials would not say whether the gunman was a student . The five officers involved in the shooting were placed on routine paid administrative leave . Gunfire at ` packed ' library The shooting started shortly after midnight either inside or near the library at the school in Tallahassee . The library is open 24 hours . "  The library was packed , " said Mary Coburn , the vice president of student affairs . About 300-400 students were inside , studying for final exams . "  If there 's any positive news we can take from this occurrence is that the victim count was not greater , " said the city 's Mayor-elect Andrew Gillum . The school sent out a text to students , warning them to take refuge and stay away from windows . "  FSU alert dangerous situation main campus-Tallahassee , " it read . "  Seek shelter immediately , away from doors and windows . " Students shoved tables and book shelves against doors to barricade themselves . ` The entire campus is empty ' A cell phone video posted online -- purportedly from inside the library -- showed students sitting in library aisle listening intently to a voice over the loudspeakers . "  There has been a shooting in the library , " the voice says . "  Stay where you are . We will be coming to each floor and clearing and taking care of anybody . " Perry Kostidakis , a sports editor for the campus newspaper , told CNN the library was surrounded for a time . "  The entire campus is empty ; I 've seen one or two people come up and look at the scene . Everyone who is in a campus building is under lockdown right now . Policemen are still surrounding the library . " ` It was very scary ' Graduate student Alex Lauren said students were escorted from the library to the first floor of a nearby building , where they continued hearing gunshots . They were told to wait for a bus to take them away from campus as armed police stood nearby . "  It was very scary ... I 'm more heartbroken more than anything else , " she said . "  It 's sad , my heart goes out to the people affected . " Florida State is one of the top research universities in the nation . It has about 40,000 students spread out in various campuses in the city , and is also considered one of the nation 's top-ranked football teams . As the incident unfolded , anxious students sent tweets and text messages to loved ones . "  There 's a man with a gun in the library , " Samantha Sillick said in a text to her father . "  I love you . " In the aftermath of the shooting , FSU canceled all Thursday classes and testing , the school 's Twitter account said . "  The Florida State University community is extremely saddened by the shootings that took place early this morning at Strozier Library , in the very heart of campus , and our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of all those who have been affected , " University President John Thrasher said . . CNN 's Rick Martin , Anjali Tsui , Ed Payne , and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Campus police killed the gunman after he refused to put down his weapon The shooting occurred at Strozier library "  The library was packed , " says Mary Coburn , the vice president of student affairs FSU canceled all classes and exams for Thursday
CNN  -- Blistering hot temperatures will blast the normally tepid Pacific Northwest again Thursday as dozens of wildfires burn across large sections of the western United States . The mercury is expected to soar near triple digits in Portland , Oregon , with Seattle forecast to reach the lower 90s , the National Weather Service said . The coastal region is roasting under an excessive heat warning . At least 70 large fires were burning across 13 states west of the Mississippi River , according to the National Interagency Coordination Center . California had the most with 13 , followed by Nevada with 12 and Idaho with 10 , the center said . The Marines joined the fight on Wednesday , with helicopter units from California joining U.S. Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard units from Colorado , Wyoming , North Carolina and California in fighting the fires by air . The Marine units will help fight fires around San Diego . In California alone , 8,000 firefighters were fighting a dozen fires , the state Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said Wednesday . The state issued a burn ban , saying only some campfires are allowed . Conditions could worsen in some places over the next few days . The National Weather Service said a weather pattern developing in parts of Oregon could produce conditions favorable to "  explosive fire growth . " In central Washington state , the wind-whipped Taylor Bridge Fire had scorched some 22,600 acres and destroyed at least 60 homes , fire officials said . One of those structures was the home of Elaine Burt , who unsuccessfully tried to get past firefighters to save her dogs and other animals at her home , according to CNN affiliate KING-TV . . After the initial heartbreak of being told all of them were gone , she learned Wednesday that Hannah , one of her dogs , and six of her pigs had survived . "  Oh Mama ... hi mama , " Burt said when she saw her sow at the Kittitas County Fairgrounds . "  One , two , three , four , five , yup , that 's all her little babies . " Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire declared Kittitas and Yakima counties to be in states of emergency , according to a written statement from her office . The Washington National Guard will provide air support to the Department of Natural Resources , which is in charge of statewide firefighting efforts . Authorities have already evacuated around 900 people near the Taylor Bridge Fire , the governor 's office said . No injuries were reported . More than 900 firefighters were battling the fire near Cle Elum , Washington , said Rex Reed , the incident commander . The Incident Alert System showed the blaze was 25 % contained early Thursday The weather was "  cooperating " Wednesday , he said , referring to calmer winds , but firefighters have their work cut out for them the rest of the week . Hot and dry conditions are expected . "  Unless Mother Nature helps us out here , we 're going to be fighting this a while , " Joe Seemiller , a captain with Kittitas County Fire and Rescue , told CNN affiliate KOMO-TV . Elsewhere , more evacuations were under consideration near Featherville , Idaho , where more than 800 firefighters were trying to get a hand on the sprawling Trinity Ridge fire . The fire grew significantly since Tuesday , burning more than 68,000 acres and forcing authorities to call an emergency meeting of residents of Featherville and nearby Pine to discuss possible evacuations . Near the border between Oregon and California , crews were battling an aggressive southern run by the Barry Point Fire , which has torched some 59,000 acres of land in the two states , according to the incident command team 's website . With temperatures above 90 degrees , low humidity and wind gusts nearing 20 mph , the lightning-sparked fire has a high potential for further growth , the interagency center said , forcing the evacuation of homes in California , 15 miles south of the state border . Residents evacuate as hundreds of firefighters battle California wildfires More than 800 firefighters and support personnel were working in Oregon and Nevada to corral the 436,600-acre Holloway Fire , the largest of the Western wildfires . It was ignited by a lightning strike on August 5 . Incident commanders said Wednesday that they hope to have the Nevada portion of the fire out on Wednesday . In Northern California , the Rush Fire had torched 101,000 acres since Sunday , the National Interagency Coordination Center reported . Meteorologists predict the dry heat will last into next week , not good news for firefighters . Any thunderstorms that pop up could present more bad news than good , since lightning strikes could spark more flames . As of Wednesday , wildfires have burned through 6.47 million acres this year , surpassing the 6.36 million acres burned by this date last year , according to the National Interagency Fire Center . The total acreage burned this year is about 3.4 million acres short of the record set in 2006 , when 1,801 fires burned a total of 9.87 million acres , according to center statistics . Neighbors vs. nature as wildfires rage in Oklahoma CNN 's Ed Payne , Dan Simon , Moni Basu and John Fricke contributed to this report .	Dozens of fires are burning west of the Mississippi River A burning ban is issued in California More acreage has burned so far than last year at this time , national fire officials say An Idaho fire could force more evacuations
Technology is everywhere . It 's in our homes , cars , workplaces -- it 's in your pocket right now . This is nothing new . We have been conditioned to believe , despite the occasional dystopic summer blockbuster , that technology is making our lives easier . We are told constantly that all these tiny computers we carry around with us are improving , keeping pace as we grow as a society and allowing us to lead more efficient , happier lives . Technology is a good thing . I believe that to be true . But , the more I witness its evolution , the more I think we 're building it wrong much of the time . The way technology interacts with us is ready for a serious overhaul . It is true that technology has the potential to dramatically help society . But technology on its own does n't accomplish those things . It is in the transition from idea to tangible product where the fate of technology is determined . Douglas Adams once said , "  Technology is a word that describes something that does n't work yet . " Technologies often fail not because they do n't function ; they fail us because we know they 're there . Technology , at its absolute best , is not a whiz-bang gadget we show off to our friends . It is , instead , something more like the seemingly mundane anti-lock brake systems on the cars we drive . When you press your ABS brakes , you are not braking . You are giving a robot a request . The robot then processes the request , and brakes on your behalf . You just push the brake in a totally natural way , expressing your intent  i.e. , how fast you 'd like to stop  . You offer guidance with your foot on the pedal , which allows the robot to do its work by interpreting that guidance and making sure you do n't skid . This is the processing of a high-level desire by letting the technology take care of all the low-level details . When a technology reaches this point of invisibility , it has reached its ultimate goal : becoming part of our routine , with no compromise between us and the technology . The technology meets us 100 % of the way , right where we want it and need it , right at the point where it improves our lives and takes nothing away . It does n't take our attention , it does n't slow us down , and it does n't make us change the way we live our lives . What inspired Google Glass was partly the realization that consumer technology products often do n't live up to those standards . So , we began to look more closely at the people around us and how they interact with technology . We found they were living in a world divided between their digital lives and their in-the-moment physical lives . I know that some people worry wearable connected technologies will become just the next step down the path of draining our attention and further widening the schism between our physical lives and digital lives -- just another techno-distraction . We agree . So , we 're developing the Glass design to make it easier to bring people the technology they depend on without drawing them out of the moment . We 're building it to make digital life more elegantly and seamlessly integrated into physical life , or even to remove those barriers entirely . We aspire for Glass to help its wearers be naturally in the moment without having to "  operate " anything . The most successful wearable technology in human history is something people do n't even view as technology anymore : eyeglasses . Invented 700 years ago , they caught on because , more than anything else , they made the world clear and visible for those whose eyes saw just a blur . And they made the world richer than if you did n't have them on . Society has embraced eyeglasses to such a large degree because they offer us the best kind of technology -- there is no owner 's manual , we do n't have to fight with the user interface , and we forget they are there and become aware of them only in their absence . Google Glass , if we evolve it the right way , should become a 10X improvement on that kind of experience . People wearing Glass would forget they 're wearing it , just like you do n't remember during the day that you are wearing regular eyeglasses -- until you are n't . The goal of Glass is to take your base sensory experience of the world and deliver it to you in a better , more livable , more enjoyable , more beautiful way -- without having to compromise on anything on your end . It is our job to make sure , in Adams ' formulation , Glass just works .	Astro Teller : The way technology interacts with us is ready for a serious overhaul Teller : Google Glass is meant to seamlessly integrate our digital and physical lives He says when a technology reaches a point of invisibility , it has reached ultimate goal Teller : Google Glass , if we evolve it the right way , should become a 10X improvement
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping called Tokyo 's territorial claims on a group of East China Seas island "  a farce , " he echoed national sentiment of protesters who took to the streets in anti-Japan protests in recent weeks . "  Japan should rein in its behavior , not utter any words and prevent any acts that undermine China 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " said Xi -- who is expected to become China 's new president next month -- at a Wednesday meeting with U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , state media reported . As Beijing 's presumptive new leader wades into the Japan-China dispute , analysts say the stakes are being raised in a dispute that is largely being led by nationalist fervor rather than government policy or underlining economic interests . And the d  tente that usually follows these territorial disputes is muddied by the leadership change in Beijing expected next month . "  This is where it 's becoming dangerous , " said Alan DuPont , defense expert at the University of New South Wales . "  No incoming Chinese leader can be perceived to be weak on territorial claims . " On Monday , the Japan Coast Guard said two Chinese surveillance ships entered its territorial waters , while 10 other Chinese ships patrolled nearby . Meanwhile , China announced Sunday it was postponing planned celebrations later this month marking the 40th anniversary of normalization of relations between Beijing and Tokyo . The bellicose rhetoric also charts the rise of an assertive China and a sea change in the forces shaping Pacific politics that are writ small in the battle over the uninhabited island chain , known as Diaoyu in China and Senkaku in Japan . "  China 's feeling more confident both in its position and in its right to the area both legally and politically , " Mark Valencia , a fellow at the National Asia Research Program and expert on the South China Sea dispute . "  And nationalism in China has gained strength and influencing the government . " Rising tensions in China waters The East China Sea is n't the only flashpoint for territorial tensions among China and its neighbors . The South China Sea is dotted with hundreds of largely uninhabited islands and coral atolls , many of which have competing claims from China , Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan . Just like the friction with Japan , there have been increasing incidents of tension between China and its South China Sea neighbors over island claims . In 2011 , Vietnam claimed that Chinese patrol boats cut cables from PetroVietnam boats during oil and gas surveys in disputed waters . Beijing said that Vietnamese vessels have been illegally surveying in Chinese waters and harassing Chinese fishing boats . The same year Philippines also reported boats cutting cables of a survey ship and threatening to ram its boats . "  A lot of this would n't be happening if China was n't becoming more assertive and being more confident , and that 's one important issue why all these issues are becoming more salient , " DuPont said . The difference in the East China Sea is the collective might of China and Japan , the second and third largest economies in the world , respectively . "  When you have two major nation states involved , it 's more dangerous than the  South China Sea  , " DuPont said . A nationalist wave The often violent protests that broke out in dozens of Chinese cities -- from Guangzhou in the south to Qingdao in the north -- came to a head after the Japanese government bought the disputed islands from the Japanese family that have privately owned the islands on September 11 for 2.05 billion yen  US$ 26.2 million  . Dozens of Japanese factories and businesses temporarily shut their doors in the wake of the violence as angry crowds overturned Japanese brand cars and looted Japanese stores in some areas . The island dispute , which traces back centuries , have reached diplomatic boiling points in 1996 , 2005 and most recently in 2010 , when a Chinese boat allegedly rammed a Japanese patrol boat , resulting in the arrest of the Chinese sailors . "  I do n't think anyone thought the Chinese reaction would have been as strong as it was , and I do n't think anyone expected the level of violence that we saw , especially looking at past incidents , " said James Manicom , an expert on maritime disputes at the Balsillie School of International Affairs in Waterloo , Canada . The "  nationalization " of the islands infuriated Chinese , although analysts say Tokyo 's move was an effort to wrest the issue away from Japanese nationalists , led by Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara who launched an online appeal to buy the islands . Donations poured in , prompting a sharp rebuke from China and forcing the Japanese government to wade into the dispute with its own offer for the contested land . "  If you 're interested in stability , the Japanese government is better than owning the islands than a group of nationalists , because who knows how they might raise tensions , " Manicom said . "  Prime Minister  Noda 's calculation is , this is going to explode in the short-run , in the long run it 's better . " Economic interests Although nationalistic ardor on both sides of the dispute have brought the current situation to a boil , national interest in the territory can be traced to a 1969 United Nations geological survey that contains this tantalizing line : "  A high probability exists that the continental shelf between Taiwan and Japan may be one of the most prolific oil reserves in the world . " Also under its South China Sea lie potentially huge reserves of natural gas and oil . A Chinese estimate suggests as much as 213 billion barrels of oil lie untapped in the South China Sea - which , if true , would make it the largest oil reserves outside of Saudi Arabia , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . At the heart of all these island disputes in China Seas is a term of international maritime law known as "  Exclusive Economic Zone , " where nations are allowed sole rights to fish and develop resources within 200 nautical miles of a country 's shores . That has created interest in nation 's grabbing uninhabited islands - often little more than rocky atolls - to thereby extend their zone . "  The area is starting to look a little bit like Alaska , at first looked worthless , now may not be worthless , " Valencia said . "  The East China Sea is virtually all continental shelf , which means it 's all relatively easy digging except in typhoon season . " But the likelihood the areas will be developed dwindles as the political storm brews between China and Japan . If this fracas follows past contretemps , the two sides will cool for a few months before rapprochement from high-level officials on both sides . But with the leadership change coming in China , and leadership elections imminent in Japan 's two major parties , the likelihood is tensions will remain high . "  No one wants to be perceived as soft on China , " Manicom said . Meanwhile , as historic enmities over Japan 's war past inflame tensions in China , public sentiment is changing in Japan toward China . "  The result is the average Japanese person views China with more suspicion than the past , " Manicom said . "  You can now be anti-China in Japan and not be conservative , which is a development that I think took Beijing by surprise . "	Analysts : Nationalism , not economics , is driving the dispute between Beijing and Tokyo Leadership change in China next month will likely keep the issue boiling for longer Rising might and confidence of Beijing also at play in growing territorial disputes Nationalists in Japan have been driving Tokyo moves on the Diaoyu/Senkaku dispute
BALTIMORE , Maryland  CNN  -- Kim Mickens , 49 , has always been the caregiver among her eight brothers and sisters . So when her mother , Delphine Mickens , was told she had Alzheimer 's disease , Mickens took care of all the arrangements for her mother 's care -- among them , she chose a nursing home not far from her place in Baltimore . Kim Mickens , right , moved her mother , Delphine , in with her after unsuccessful stints at two nursing homes . But Mickens did n't like the way her mother was treated , so she moved Delphine to a second facility . That one did n't work out either . Mickens eventually concluded that the only way Delphine was going to receive acceptable care was to move her mother in with her . Moving Delphine into her house was n't so easy : She needed medical equipment including a wheelchair , medication and round-the-clock care . "  She ca n't walk , " Mickens says . "  So we bathe her , we feed her , we do everything for her . " Because Mickens works two jobs , she also needed someone to provide in-home care . Because Delphine is in her 80s , Medicare covers a lot of the costs -- but Mickens did n't know where to start ; the logistics were overwhelming . Medicare personnel helped her get some of the medical supplies she needed and also recommend a new Web site called Ask Medicare . Designed to give easy access to people taking care of elderly relatives , Ask Medicare provides information and links to services that are important to caregivers . Mickens says it was invaluable . "  The Web site tells you how to get Medicare assistance , " she says . "  It also gives you information on how to contact people that you need to get the equipment and supplies for your parents . " The Department of Health and Human Services says at least 44 million Americans provide care for a chronically ill , disabled or elderly family member or friend . Of those family caregivers , 7 percent -- like Mickens -- provide 40 hours or more of care a week . The new Web site designed by HHS is meant to be a navigational tool for caregivers -- for whom time is valuable -- that cuts through all the bureaucratic red tape . Listen to Kim Mickens talk about caring for her mother " "  We call it a GPS for Medicare , " says Rima Cohen , a special adviser at HHS . "  It 's meant to make information readily available , and presented in a format that is easy to understand . " According to the Center on an Aging Society at Georgetown University , family caregivers provide approximately 80 percent of long-term care services in the United States . "  We know that family caregivers are really the backbone of a long-term care giving system in the U.S. , " says Cohen . "  You might be surprised to note that about $ 375 billion worth of services are provided by family caregivers -- if they were paid . " So helping the caregiver is key . Watch more on the Ask Medicare Web site " Mickens says she first used the Web site to set up the living space for her mother . Through a social worker and Ask Medicare , she ordered a special bed , supplies , a new wheelchair , and even filled Delphine 's prescriptions . Because Delphine had previously suffered two strokes , she could n't walk -- a very big problem , since Mickens lives in a two-story home . But through the site , she was able to order an elevator chair that takes Delphine up and down the stairs . Now that her mother is settled comfortably in her daughter 's home , Mickens says she needs some emotional support and "  me time . " That 's not unusual : A study in the American Journal of Public Health finds family caregivers who provide 36 or more hours of care per week are more likely than noncaregivers to experience symptoms of depression or anxiety . Mickens found support in a chat room that was linked to Ask Medicare . "  The Web site has helped me read other people 's stories , " she says . "  And now I know I 'm not going through this by myself . " Today , Mickens and her mother are a loving twosome . When Mickens is at work , she leaves Delphine with an in-home nurse and relies on her son to help out when he gets home from school . Mickens finally feels content about the quality of care her mother is getting , and she says it would have never happened so quickly had she not found the Ask Medicare Web site . "  I have no problems with it : Once I punch it in , it comes up and takes me out to all the different Web sites , " say Mickens . "  It 's very helpful . I am glad they came up with it . "	Ask Medicare is new Web site designed to help caregivers cut through red tape At least 44 million Americans care for chronically ill , disabled , elderly family members Eighty percent of long-term care is provided by family caregivers The cost -- if family caregivers were paid -- would be $ 375 billion
CNN  -- Ethnic Uyghur residents in Urumqi , capital of China 's far west Xinjiang region , took to the streets Sunday afternoon in a rare public protest that prompted a police lockdown of the city . China 's official Xinhua News Agency said protesters attacked passersby , burned public buses and blocked traffic . The report did not say how many people took part in the protest or what their grievances were . But a witness in Urumqi told CNN that , soon after the protest started around 5 p.m. , "  hundreds -LSB- of protesters -RSB- grew into easily over a thousand -- men , women and children , all ethnic Uyghurs , screaming and chanting . " Local police arrived quickly and tried to control the swelling crowd by erecting barriers in the street , but "  people pushed them over , " the witness said . "  They were throwing rocks at passing cars and buses . " As the violence escalated , hundreds of anti-riot police arrived on the scene , the witness said . "  They used tear gas and fire hoses to disperse the crowd . I saw fire trucks , ambulances , armed personnel carriers , and what looked like tanks . I heard random gunshots . " Late Sunday , the witness said Urumqi was in a lockdown , with hundreds of People 's Liberation Army soldiers in the streets . He reported seeing riot police chasing protesters into alleyways and rounding up "  many " of them . The witness speculated that the protest , which took place in the predominantly Uyghur-populated Bazaar district , may have been a reaction to racial violence in southern Guangdong province . The racial violence reportedly happened at a toy factory in Guangdong Province , where many migrants , including Uyghurs , have moved in search of work . A massive brawl reportedly broke out between workers of Uyghur and Han nationalities . Two Uyghurs reportedly died in the violent clash . Xinjiang is home to many Uyghurs . China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights and limited autonomy . However , ethnic tensions run deep . Minority groups like the Uyghurs complain that they are treated as second-class citizens and are subjected to discrimination by the majority Han nationalities . "  What was clear was the Uyghur protesters were not happy , " the witness in Urumqi said . "  They broke windows of public buses , threw bottles and rocks at the police and harassed what looked like Chinese of Han or Hui nationalities . I saw a Uyghur man kick a Han woman in the behind as she tried to get away from the crowds . " It was not clear , from official reports or the witness ' account , if there were any casualties . A spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress , a dissident Uyghur group based in Munich , Germany , told CNN that local Uyghur people in Urumqi and Xinjiang had told him by telephone that they had seen bodies thrown into military vehicles . Dilxat Raxit added that tens of thousands of demonstrators had gathered in every Uyghur neighborhood in Urumqi to protest peacefully against what he described as the government 's ethnic cleansing in Guangdong Shaoguan . After about 40 minutes during which the crowd shouted slogans , calling the incident in Guangdong Shaoguan a planned ethnic cleansing , the Chinese military began to crack down by sending more than 50 military vehicles -- including tanks -- carrying troops into Urumqi . All Uyghurs were ordered off the street , he said . Sources in Kashgar said a "  massive number " of Chinese PLA forces entered that city as well , and that students were ordered to remain inside . People were also arrested along roads leading to Urumqi , he said . "  According to the Chinese law , people have the right to protest peacefully , " the World Uyghur Congress said in an appeal . "  We call for attention to this kind of ethnic discrimination . "	Ethnic Uyghur residents in Urumqi , capital of Xinjiang region , take to the streets China 's official media says protesters attacked passersby , burned buses Protest prompts a police lockdown of the city Protest may be a reaction to racial violence in southern Guangdong province
CNN  -- Allyson Felix restored pride to American sprinting on Wednesday by claiming gold in the women 's 200 meter and denying Jamaican rival Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce an Olympic double . Felix used her elegant stride to good effect down the finishing stretch to pull clear of Fraser-Pryce , who won Saturday 's 100m race while the U.S. runner missed out on a medal . Carmelita Jeter joined her compatriot Felix on the podium by claiming third place ahead of Jamaica 's two-time defending champion Veronica Campbell-Brown . Felix had been forced to settle for silvers in 2004 and 2008 behind Campbell-Brown , but this time made no mistake as she added to her three 200m world titles with a fast time of 21.88 seconds . "  Finally , it 's been a long time coming , I 've waited so long for this moment , I 'm just overjoyed , " she told UK broadcaster the BBC . However , Jamaica looks set to claim gold in the men 's equivalent as defending champion Usain Bolt cantered into the final by winning his semifinal in 20.18 seconds . Bolt has already made a successful defense of his 100m title in London and again the main opposition to another 200m triumph looks to be in the form of his teammate and training partner Yohan Blake . Blake won the first semifinal in 20.01 , jogging across the line , but Bolt is confident he will double up . "  No doubt about it , " he told BBC Sport . "  This is my favorite event and I 'm really looking forward to it . " In other final action Wednesday , Aries Merritt won the 110m men 's hurdles for the United States in a fast personal best time of 12.92 seconds . His teammate Jason Richardson , the world champion from last year in Daegu , took silver in 13.04 second with Jamaican Hansle Parchment earning a surprise bronze in a new national record of 13.12 seconds . Defending champion Dayron Robles of Cuba made a good start but pulled out at halfway with a hamstring injury . The third track and field gold of the night for the U.S. went to Brittney Reese , who won the women 's long jump with a leap of 7.12 meters . Russian Elena Sokolova took the silver with 7.07 m , with American Janay Deloach in bronze with 6.89 m. America 's world 400m hurdles champion Lashinda Demus was denied Olympic gold as Russian Natalya Antyukh led from the start to win the women 's event in a brisk 52.70 seconds . Czech hurdler Zuzana Hejnova claimed bronze . Antyukh took bronze in the flat 400m at the 2004 Olympics and used that speed to triumph over the hurdles .	Allyson Felix wins women 's 200m for United States Second placed Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce denied sprint double for Jamaica Usain Bolt and Yohan Blake win their semis in men 's 200m Aries Merritt of United States takes men 's 110m hurdles
Nearly two years ago , John Brennan worked hard to convince the Senate that he was no believer in torture -- and that if he was confirmed as CIA director , he would n't represent a return to George W. Bush-era tactics . He told Senators at the time that he 'd read the Senate Intelligence Committee 's summary of its investigation into those "  enhanced interrogation techniques " and that it had "  raised serious questions " in his mind about whether those techniques had been effective . Now , Brennan finds himself firmly on the other side , defending the CIA in the days after that report 's summary was finally release to the public . He 's slated to speak on the CIA 's interrogation tactics -- and the intelligence they elicited -- during a rare 1:30 p.m. news conference . It 's a stark turnaround for Brennan , and one that has infuriated some Democratic lawmakers . Colorado Sen. Mark Udall called for his resignation on the Senate floor Wednesday , and said the CIA is "  lying " in claiming that rough interrogation tactics worked . RELATED : Udall blasts Obama , CIA on torture The early portion of Brennan 's evolution -- from a top CIA official in the Bush administration to a torture skeptic as he sought confirmation as the agency 's director under Obama -- was on display at his confirmation hearing in 2013 . He admitted that he had n't taken steps to "  stop the CIA 's use of those techniques , " but said that was because he "  was not in the chain of command of that program . " "  The reports that I was getting subsequent to that , and in the years after that , it was clearly my impression that there was valuable information that was coming out , " Brennan said . Then , though , he said he read the Senate Intelligence Committee 's report . "  I must tell you , " he said , "  that reading this report from the committee raises serious questions about the information that I was given at the time , and the impression that I had at the time . Now I have to determine , based on that information , as well as what CIA says , what the truth is . And at this point ... I do not know what the truth is . " He added : "  There clearly were a number of things , many things , that I read in that report that were very concerning and disturbing to me , and ones that I would want to look into immediately , if I were to be confirmed as CIA director . " RELATED : Dick Cheney says ` The report 's full of crap ' Brennan , 59 , is a New Jersey native who speaks Arabic and studied at the American University in Cairo , Egypt while earning an undergraduate degree from Fordham University . He later earned a master 's in government from the University of Texas . He joined the CIA in 1980 , starting a career that saw him work as a Near Eastern and South Asian analyst , a Saudi Arabia station chief and leader of the agency 's terrorism analysis . He was the CIA 's daily intelligence briefer at the White House during President Bill Clinton 's administration and served as former CIA Director George Tenet 's chief of staff . After serving as interim director of the National Counterterrorism Center , Brennan left government to become president of The Analysis Corporation , a security consulting firm . During then-Sen . Barack Obama 's 2008 presidential campaign , Brennan served as an intelligence adviser . Once Obama won , Brennan was considered a shoo-in for CIA director , but he withdrew his name amid criticism of his support for the use of torture in George W. Bush 's administration . Instead , he became Obama 's deputy national security adviser . When the job of CIA director opened again in early 2013 , Brennan was Obama 's choice -- despite the concerns of left-leaning groups like the American Civil Liberties Union . He was confirmed on a 63-44 vote and was sworn in on March 8 , 2013 . RELATED : John Brennan Fast Facts	Brennan faced questions about his role in the use of torture during his confirmation hearing He has a press conference at the CIA , scheduled for 1:30 p.m. on Thursday Brennan , a New Jersey native who speaks Arabic , studied at the American University in Cairo Brennan was a CIA official under George W. Bush and advised Obama on intelligence
Philadelphia  CNN  -- For many families , a night at the ballpark is a treat . But it can be a nightmare for those with autistic children . Autism causes a greater sensitivity to environmental stimulation . So the lights , music and roar of the crowd can trigger a severe meltdown that is difficult to anticipate and control . "  They 're frustrated and they 're scared and they 're just overwhelmed , " said Debra Forman , whose 8-year-old son , Adam , has autism . "  You have to ask yourself if it 's worth it . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently reported that 1 in 68 children in the United States are on the autism spectrum . For many of these families , fear of how their child will react to new situations -- and how others will react to them -- keeps them from gaining everyday experiences others get to have . "  It is tough to go out into public , " said Shannan Maxwell , mother of Steven , 6 . "  When he 's having a meltdown on the floor and the whole entire store 's looking at you like you 're a bad mom , you just want to go and crawl under a rock . " Dr. Wendy Ross was heartbroken to hear stories like this from families . The developmental pediatrician also knew that isolation did n't serve her patients well in the long run . "  If kids are not in the community , building their skills from very young ages , then there 's no reason to expect them to be independent one day , " Ross said . "  It 's a social disability . It needs to be addressed in a social setting . " So in 2007 , Ross set out to do just that . Today , her nonprofit , Autism Inclusion Resources , helps families affected by autism navigate challenging social situations , such as airport travel , sporting events and museum visits . "  If you start taking steps outside of your door , your world gets bigger and bigger , " said Ross , 43 . "  We just want people to have opportunities . " Take me out to the ball game Many Major League Baseball teams hold annual "  autism awareness nights , " when they take temporary measures such as lowering the volume on the public address system . But Ross wanted to do more . "  You ca n't turn down the volume of the world , " Ross said . "  It 's nice to do it for one night , but our goal is for families to be able to go to a game on any night . " To that end , Ross partnered with the Philadelphia Phillies in 2012 to develop an innovative program . She armed all the Phillies game-day employees -- approximately 3,000 people -- with knowledge about autism and how to interact with individuals who have the disorder . Now , everyone from the ticket takers to the hot dog vendors at Citizens Bank Ballpark help create an atmosphere where families feel supported . "  I do n't expect the staff to be experts , just to be aware of it and  be  understanding , " Ross said . "  If families need a break , the staff know where to take  them  for a little sensory rest . " Ross also helps prepare the families for the event . They are given a booklet with pictures illustrating each step of the game , from arrival and getting a hot dog to the seventh inning stretch . Then she escorts families to their first game , with tickets donated by the Phillies . Each family is also provided a clinician at the game who gives additional support if problems arise . For Forman , having the professional assistance was a huge relief . "  When Adam was anxious or ready to leave , I had somebody to turn to , and she had some ideas , " Forman said . "  Without her there , it would 've been a very tough game for me . " Ross hopes that this supported experience will give families the confidence to return on their own . She also believes that this dual approach -- working with the Phillies and the families -- just makes sense . "  It 's not enough to work with a child with autism , because we need the community to accept them , " she said . "  You would never show someone how to use a wheelchair and then not have a ramp . " Beyond the ballpark Ross has also found her airport travel program to be successful for families . Using the same principles , she trains airline and security staff at major airports and then guides families through a simulated travel experience , including checking in , going through security and boarding a plane . Since 2010 , more than 200 families have benefited from Ross ' initiatives . Building on her success with the Phillies , she is now working with Philadelphia 's football and hockey teams . Soon she wants to partner with the city 's public transportation agency . "  The hope for Philadelphia is to make it the most autism-friendly city in the country , " she said . "  It will serve as a model of independence for other cities everywhere . " Ross also hopes that the tools she gives families can help them explore other settings on their own . "  We really see it as a stepping stone to a brighter future , " she said . "  I feel like it changes the trajectory of lives . " After their successful outing at the ballpark , Forman took Adam to a football game . She believes this is just the beginning of their family 's adventures . "  Hopefully , there will be zoos in our future , and aquariums , " Forman said . "  The world is our oyster . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Autism Inclusion Resources website at www.autismir.com and see	Parents of children on the autism spectrum often skip social situations out of fear But Dr. Wendy Ross wants her young patients with autism to have those experiences Her nonprofit helps families navigate events like ball games , air travel and museum trips
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Relegation " is a word that is laced with horror for many football fans in European and Asian nations -- yet for others it remains a complete mystery . West Bromwich-Albion fans show their support as the club was relegated from the Premier League on Sunday The latest victim of the relegation sword is English Premier League team West Bromwich-Albion . After a 2-0 loss to Liverpool on Sunday , West Brom faces a drop to the division below . Promotion/relegation systems similar to the English Premier League 's model work in many football leagues around the world , and have allowed dreams to come true for many aspirants , while they have also crushed the hopes and futures of others on the decline . While these systems have been long-running in Europe ; in the U.S. -- the home of the meritocracy -- there is still no promotion or relegation to or from the top-flight Major League Soccer  MLS  competition . This is the case for the many sports in the U.S. , as well as competitions in Canada and Australia . For those who have not experienced promotion/relegation systems , they can appear slightly confusing . For people who do know of the concept , you may be unaware there are multiple different models operating in the world 's top leagues . The basic principle of the system is to transfer teams between divisions based on merit -- in order to allow fluidity between the amateur leagues and the very top of the professional game . Do you think promotion/relegation systems are a good or bad idea ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below . In England 's Premier League , for example , at the end of each season when competition points have been accrued , the three bottom-ranked teams will be relegated  demoted  to the level below  in England 's case the second-tier Championship  . Meanwhile , the top teams from the Championship will be promoted up to the Premier League to fill the places of the relegated sides . This promotion system has two aspects . The top two teams are automatically promoted , while the third-to-sixth placed sides play-off for the third promotion spot . In Spain 's La Liga and Ligue 1 in France the system is simpler with the bottom three and top three teams automatically relegated and promoted respectively . Germany 's Bundesliga has two teams going up and down , with a play-off match between the third-bottom and third-top team from the first and second divisions . Italy 's Serie A has a similar structure to England , however , if the third-placed team in the second-tier has a ten point or greater gap on their nearest rival , then they automatically go up . So , why do n't the U.S. have such a system ? According to MLS Commissioner Don Garber the competition currently lacks the size and power to take on promotion/relegation . "  Unfortunately our country does not have the infrastructure to support promotion/relegation at this time . We 'll continue to monitor this , but it will likely be at least 10 years before promotion/relegation could be considered , " Garber said in a response to the question on the MLS web site . Many of the clubs in the United Soccer Leagues  which is the next competition below the MLS  , lack the same fan-base and infrastructure that MLS clubs possess . For the relegated West Brom side which faces next season in the second-tier competition , their plight does n't necessarily mean complete club failure . Dan Jones , partner in the Sport Business group at accountancy firm Deloitte , told CNN that relegated Premier League clubs received a "  parachute payment " of $ 18 million  # 12m  for each of the next two seasons -- which in many cases was enough to help them bounce back up to the top-tier . Jones said the relegation certainly did n't condemn them to financial failure either . "  West Brom consistently post one of the healthiest operating profits in English football , " he said .	Promotion/relegation systems are used in football leagues around the globe The method transfers teams between divisions depending on performance The U.S. and Australia are two major countries that do n't use relegation
CNN  -- Penn State has rejected a CNN public records request for a copy of a 1998 campus police report tied to sexual misconduct allegations made against then-assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , a lawyer for the school told CNN . Amy Elizabeth McCall , an assistant general counsel , asserted in a letter to CNN that Penn State is "  a state-related institution " and not a "  state school " like some in other states , and therefore does not have the same public records requirements as other public institutions . "  Because the 1998 investigation did not result in any criminal charges , it is not criminal history information and the university 's police are thus required by law to keep that information within the police department , " McCall wrote . According to a grand jury 's report released in early November , the mother of one of Sandusky 's accusers -- identified as Victim 6 -- came forward and said the coach had showered with her son and hugged him . Two campus police detectives eavesdropped on conversations in May 1998 when the mother confronted the coach , who retired a year later from the Nittany Lion program . Police later monitored a second conversation that month , in which the mother told Sandusky to stay away from her son . "  I understand . I was wrong , " Sandusky said , according to the grand jury report . "  I wish I could get forgiveness . I know I wo n't get it from you . I wish I were dead . " No charges were ever filed in that instance , and local and state law enforcement authorities did not look deeper into those and other allegations against Sandusky until years later . He now faces at least 50 charges related to alleged sex abuse perpetrated against young boys over a 14-year period . He has plead not guilty to all charges , saying in interviews that while he may have "  horsed around " with children he never sexually assaulted them . CNN had asked for a copy of the Penn State campus police report of that 1998 investigation , citing Pennsylvania 's "  Right-to-Know Law " that offers access for citizens and media to "  public information . " University officials to face trial Unlike many commonwealth agencies , Penn State and three other schools that receive state funds do n't fall under Pennsylvania 's right-to-know law , according to Terry Mutchler , the executive director of the state 's Office of Open Records . In 2007 , state lawmakers considered a change that would have included the school under the open records law . But Penn State President Graham Spanier -- who lost his job days after the grand jury report came out this fall , after initially supporting two school officials accused of covering up a 2002 eyewitness allegation against Sandusky -- testified against the move before the House State Government Committee . Spanier told the legislature he was concerned about the cost and compliance of Penn State being subject to the law . He also said that there were competitive reasons for keeping records private . "  Nobody would argue the point that the public has a right to know how public funds are spent , " he said at the time . "  But these proposals will fundamentally change the way we operate , the way our trustees govern , and the way the university administers their policies . "	A Penn State lawyer says CNN can not have the police report tied to a 1998 probe That investigation related to Jerry Sandusky 's alleged sexual misconduct with a boy It did n't lead to criminal charges , which is a reason info was n't provided , the lawyer says Pennsylvania 's "  right-to-know " law does n't apply to Penn State , even if it gets state funds
CNN  -- A predicted busy hurricane season this summer is on a collision course with an unprecedented oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , and the results are anyone 's guess , weather experts say . "  The problem is that this is a man-made experiment we wish we had n't made , " said Jenni Evans , a professor of meteorology at Penn State University . Scientists on Thursday said as much as 19,000 barrels of oil have been spewing every day from the BP well in the Gulf , making it the largest oil spill in U.S. history . Most of the oily water lies off the coast of Louisiana , where marshes and wildlife have been coated and the state 's fishing and tourism industries have taken direct hits . Not only is it hard to track how contaminants would be redistributed by a hurricane , but it 's also hard to predict how the slick would affect the storm , NOAA Public Affairs Officer Dennis Feltgen and Evans agreed . Evans said the storm could either move the oil along the water 's surface or it could mix the oil with the water and cause it to sink . If the oil moved horizontally , the shoreline would be polluted , she said . If it moved vertically , the marine life under the surface would suffer . The oil could slow the storm 's growth , Feltgen said . Evaporated ocean water fuels hurricanes , and the oil forming a film across the Gulf could buffer the water from the air , preventing the ocean water from feeding the hurricane , he said . But other scientists say the storms could be stronger than usual because the black oil would heat the water faster and accelerate formation of hurricanes , which rely on warm waters for their development , Evans said . CNN meteorologist Chad Meyers said there was another threat from the volatile mix of hurricanes and oil : storm surge . "  All the winds would be coming here , " he said , indicating the coast on a map , "  and there would be storm surge here . All the winds would be going this way , and there would be scouring and cleaning of the beaches on this side . But the storm surge that could make its way up and bring the oil miles inland could be completely contaminating the oil inland . " Oil in the Gulf coast is n't the only worry for hurricane forecasters this year : In earthquake-devastated Haiti , roughly 1.5 million displaced people are at risk . They are living under tarps and in tents in makeshift camps . In Haiti , aid agencies relocated about 20,000 people who were vulnerable to flooding and mudslides when the rainy season began . But it is impossible to hurricane-proof the congested tent cities that many are calling home right now , said Heather Paul , CEO of the aid program SOS Children 's Villages . Paul 's program is working to provide permanent , stable homes to orphans in the form of polypropylene shelters . While her program 's anchored shelters have the greatest potential to withstand strong winds , the outlook appears grim for many Port-Au-Prince residents . "  It 's only short of a miracle to prepare these people for hurricane season , " she said .	Hurricanes would pile on to problems of oil spill , Haiti quake survivors Storm surge could force oil from shore miles inland , forecaster says It 's hard to predict how oil slick would affect a hurricane , experts say Oil could slow the storm 's growth , or make it stronger
When techno-whiz Seth Owusu left Ghana for the United States in 1991 , he had never used a computer before . But two decades later , he 's using the power of technology to provide computer literacy to the children of rural Africa , one refurbished computer at a time . Owusu is the founder of the Entire Village Computers Organization  EVCO  , a Washington-based charitable organization that donates reconditioned old computers and accessories from the developed world and delivers them to those schools in need in the developing world . "  We try to put the computers there as electronic tools , also as a library , also to a place where not just the school but the entire villages around that school can come in and benefit from the computer , " says Owusu , who moved to the United States at the age of 24 . Underwater cables bring faster internet to West Africa Growing up under difficult conditions in rural Ghana , Owusu was inspired at a young age by a group of missionaries who visited his school , willing to make a long and difficult journey to help strangers . He says that that incident has motivated him ever since to try and make a difference in the lives of others . "  It showed me that regardless of how little you have , you can do something for somebody which can be great for their life and their future , " says Owusu . Since 2004 , EVCO says it has built and donated 25 computer labs in village schools and communities in Ghana and Nigeria for a total of 233 computers . The non-profit organization is funded entirely by Owusu , his family and a small pool of committed donors . But besides money , Owusu , who did computer studies in the U.S. and now works for an electronics company in Washington , also dedicates his personal time , putting a lot of hard work on the project that 's become his mission in life . Using the monitor-crammed garage of his house in Washington as his base , he tests , fixes and upgrades all the donated computers himself before shipping them to Africa . He says it 's all worth it : "  I feel very excited because it takes a lot to do it and finally when you get it done like this it 's just joy , " says Owusu . "  You feel overjoyed because finally you know that you 've reached the destination and somebody is going to benefit from all the hard work that you have to put in , " he adds . Web savvy Africans fuel growth in online shopping But EVCO goes much further than just shipping hardware to African villages . The group also runs training workshops for teachers and students and provides technical support , maintaining an ongoing relationship with the recipients of their computers . "  When we do the donation , we enter into a three-calendar year agreement with the kids , with the school , to go back and fix them and make sure everything is working for the next three years , " says Owusu , who runs EVCO with the help of four volunteers in Ghana . The non-profit organization also promotes local involvement and development , trumpeting Owusu 's belief that an entire community benefits when computers are introduced in local schools . "  The whole concept about our donation process is first , not just the computers , but getting the entire community involved in the process " he says . "  That makes them part of the process , so they know the kids are learning and so they can feel proud to have them go to school rather than tell them to go to the farm . " Ghana farmers lose out in gold mining boom Owusu has visited his native Ghana 11 times after the launch of EVCO -- there , he does n't only organize computer workshops but he 's also giving motivational speeches and raises awareness about issues such as HIV and teenage pregnancy . He says that his goal is to run EVCO as a full-time project and be able to bring his work to many more rural areas across Africa -- he 's currently working to implement the project in Sierra Leone but admits that he has had to turn down calls for help from people in other African countries due to funding difficulties and logistics issues . Yet , despite all the difficulties , Owusu is determined to carry on with his dream of introducing the world of computers to children across Africa . He hopes that by re-building old computers , he will also be give them the tools to compete globally . "  If we want to change the world we have to start by changing the people who are going to be the world tomorrow , who are the kids , " says Owusu . "  So any seed we sow today are what 's going to bloom tomorrow to shape our world and make a better world , so anything that you can do , regardless of how little it is , goes toward making the world a better place , " he adds .	Seth Owusu is the founder of Entire Village Computers Organization The charity takes refurbished computers to rural communities in Africa It also runs training workshops and provides technical support Owusu says an entire community benefits when computers are introduced in local schools .
CNN  It is not easy to capture a man 's life in 152 minutes , let alone a life as illustrious and complex as Nelson Mandela 's . For London-born actor Idris Elba , who played the South African leader in the 2013 biopic "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom , " the task was sure to feel Herculean . "  I could never really articulate what it felt like to play Mandela properly in an interview , " he admits in a phone conversation with CNN . Though the actor is British , and physically bears little resemblance to the late South African leader , Elba recalls the unexpectedly warm reception he received , particularly from extras on set -- many of whom were locals who lived through the apartheid era . "  South Africa is very embracing . Even though I 'm not from South Africa and was about to play Mandela , they still gave me a lot of love , " he says . By the end of filming , many were even calling him "  Madiba . " The experience , life-changing in many ways , was bound to feel odd . For Elba , the best way to capture not just the man but the feeling of playing him on film , was through music . Next week will see the release of "  Mi Mandela , " a tribute to Mandela made up of songs written and produced by Elba himself , and performed by a mixture of South African and British talent , including Mumford & Sons , the Mahotella Queens and Maverick Sabre . "  There were various sensations I experienced  playing Mandela  , and I could never give an answer I was satisfied with . I think this album represents that answer . It allows me to express the feelings of playing him , " says Elba . The "  Luther " actor describes the record as a "  character album , " and hopes to produce similar projects for the many other roles he 's taken on over the years . In this respect , "  Mi Mandela " is as much about his own journey as it is about Mandela 's . In the album 's title song -- the only one that Elba performs on -- he has a tongue-in-cheek lyric about the casting choice . "  All the families showed me love , the people wished me well/The whole town wondering how Mandela could be played by Stringer Bell , " he sings , referring to his breakout role in HBO 's "  The Wire . " "  It 's the thoughts I was thinking at the time of making that film . Music is a good way to get closer to a character , closer to an actor . It describes the whole journey of playing Mandela . It 's better than any picture , any postcard , any script , any autograph from an actor , " he says . "  I would love to hear a character album from Marlon Brando in ` The Godfather , ' " he admits . "  Just to understand what Marlon was going through at the time of making that film , how he was feeling playing that character . What kind of music would that be ? What would it sound like ? That would be fascinating for me . " A link to his father For Elba , playing Mandela had personal resonance as well , as filming for the role coincided with the death of his father . "  I lost both men around the same time , " Elba confides . "  Mandela reminded me of my dad , and my dad reminded me of him . They were both massive symbols in my life . " Elba describes how his father , a Sierra Leone-born shop steward working out of London 's Hackney , fought for the rights of union workers at a time in English history when their plight was particularly arduous  it was Maggie Thatcher 's time in power , after all  . "  He was always equating himself with Mandela and people like Mandela who were standing up for what they believed in , and I would always succumb to 30-minute lectures about rights , " he recalls . He co-wrote the song "  Tree , " which features on the album and is performed by American artists Audra Mae and Cody Chesnutt , partially as a tribute to his father . "  Somebody tell my father , that we are standing by his tree / And even though we miss him , we are glad that he 's set free , " the lyrics go . "  That song is particularly moving to me , " says Elba . "  As much as I wrote it for my dad , it relates to Mandela too , even more so now . " Idris Elba 's "  Mi Mandela " is set for release on November 24	Actor Idris Elba releases his first album , "  Mi Mandela " next week It describes the sensation of playing Nelson Mandela in film "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " Elba plans to release other "  character albums " for Luther and Stringer Bell in the future
Sen. Rand Paul broke with the field of Republicans considering a 2016 presidential run on Thursday , calling President Barack Obama 's decision to normalize relations with Cuba a "  good idea " since the American embargo against Cuba "  just has n't worked . " Paul , a likely presidential candidate , made the remarks in an interview with News Talk 800 WVHU 's Tom Roten , just a day after his potential competitors for the Republican nomination -- former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Sen. Marco Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz -- slammed the decision to normalize relations as a dangerous move . Rubio and Cruz are sons of Cuban immigrants . Paul joined the mostly Democratic supporters of the decision , asserting that the embargo has n't produced results and hurts the Cuban people rather than their autocratic rulers . He even likened his support to U.S. trade with China , which he called "  ultimately the best way to defeat communism . " "  The 50-year embargo with Cuba just has n't worked , " Paul said . "  If the goal is regime change , it sure does n't seem to be working and probably it punishes the people more than the regime because the regime can blame the embargo for hardship . " Paul is not the only Republican to support Obama 's decision to increase economic ties with Cuba . Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona traveled with a congressional delegation to Cuba that brought back Alan Gross , the formerly imprisoned American aid worker . "  In the end , I think probably opening up Cuba is probably a good idea , " he said . He also added that he "  grew up in a family as anti-communist as you can come by . " Rubio , on the other hand , has led the charge against the Obama administration 's landmark deal with the Cuban government , railing against Obama for appeasing an autocratic regime . "  It is a lifeline for the Castro regime that will allow them to become more profitable ... and allow them to become a more permanent fixture , " he said Wednesday . "  The embargo is leverage , these sanctions are leverage . "	Sen. Rand Paul says he agrees with President Barack Obama that the Cuban embargo has n't worked Paul 's position is the opposite of other potential GOP 2016 candidates , like Sen. Marco Rubio and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush
CNN  -- Cathay Pacific 's flight attendants union voted in favor of taking industrial action Monday after salary negotiations with the Hong-Kong-based airline stalled . The union is considering action that would result in flight delays or reduced onboard services , although its members will not go on an all-out strike over the Christmas period , said its general secretary , Tsang Kwok-fung . Tsang said members are considering work-to-rule action , which means strictly following all rules and procedures to the letter to delay flights . It may also resort to a "  safety-first limited service , " which means fulfilling only the most basic duties required by the Civil Aviation Department . "  The basic role of a flight attendant is to take care of safety measures on flights and to take passengers from one point to another point safely , " Tsang said , adding that serving food and beverages were extra services required by the airline . Under this scenario , Tsang said flight attendants would likely provide water to passengers , but refrain from non-essential items such as nuts and alcohol . They would also refuse to provide service with a smile . The FAU would not consider launching a strike until January 1 , Tsang said on Thursday . The dispute was sparked by the 2 % salary increase for 2013 announced by the airline on November 30 . The union had requested an increase of 5 % , the same rate they had settled for in 2012 . In a press statement , the company said the 2 % increase "  took into account a number of factors including a loss of more than HK$ 900 million in the first half of this year and the extremely difficult operating environment we are in . " But Tsang said the 2 % offered for 2013 was unreasonable , adding that it was the same rate offered during severe external crises , such as SARS and the worldwide financial crisis . The airline said it was willing to meet with the union if it withdrew its threat of industrial action . It has "  comprehensive contingency plans " for any industrial actions the union might take , Cathay Pacific spokesperson Elin Wong confirmed , but she declined to provide details . The union has 6,000 members , representing two thirds of the airline 's cabin crew . It last launched a strike for 17 days in 1993 over Chinese New Year .	Cathay Pacific 's flight attendants union voted to take industrial action after failed salary negotiations Union currently considering work-to-rule action or reduced onboard services Cathay Pacific said it has contingency plans to deal with any industrial actions NEW : Union said it will not go on strike over Christmas travel period , but possibly during New Year
CNN  -- The 2014 Formula One calendar has been revealed -- and there 's no space for New Jersey , Mexico or South Korea . All three Grands Prix have been axed despite being listed on the provisional calendar in September . It is the second time that the New Jersey race has been postponed , while Mexico is expected to host its first race since 1992 in two years time . The new set up will see the return of F1 in Austria for the first time in 12 years , while Russia will welcome the sport 's top stars to Sochi in October . The 2014 season starts in Melbourne , Australia on 16 March and ends in Abu Dhabi on 23 November . New Jersey has encountered financial and logistical problems since it was proposed in 2012 but race organizer Leo Hindery is confident it will go ahead . "  Our entire management team and our supporters in New Jersey , New York and throughout the Formula One community obviously want to see the inaugural Grand Prix of America at Port Imperial take place as soon as possible , " Hindery said in a statement . "  Bringing a world-class race to the world 's largest media market is a huge undertaking that has required balancing construction of our road course , without tapping any public money , with the Sport 's own timing demands . " The race is set to run on a 5.15 kilometer temporary street circuit along the Hudson River , with the New York City skyline as the backdrop . It is an event which F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone is keen to witness . "  There is great demand for a race in New Jersey and I have no doubt we 'll be racing at Port Imperial in 2015 , " he said in a statement Wednesday . "  New races can take many years to get started , but there is significant momentum and we are close to realizing a New York City F1 race . " The Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City requires refurbishing before it is ready to host a race in 2015 . South Korea , which has welcomed F1 for the past four years , has struggled financially and has lost out this time around .	New Jersey , Mexico and South Korea dropped from 2014 Formula One calendar One new race will take place in Sochi , Russia while Austria returns to circuit New season starts in Melbourne on March 16 Abu Dhabi will host final race on November 23
This was the miracle of Medinah . In 1999 , it was the United States who stunned the European team as they overhauled a four-point deficit to win at Brookline . On Sunday , Europe inflicted an identical comeback on Davis Love III 's Americans as Martin Kaymer held his nerve to hole the most dramatic of putts and ensure a 141/2 - 131/2 point victory for Jose Maria Olazabal 's team . Playing in the blue and white outfits made famous by the legendary Seve Ballesteros , Europe 's players produced a performance that the late Spaniard would have been proud of despite trailing 10-6 heading into the final day in Illinois . "  It 's very hard to describe my emotions , " European captain Olazabal told reporters . "  When I saw we had a chance this afternoon coming down the stretch , I was very emotional , I started thinking about the possibility of winning . "  The boys have been unbelievable . I started thinking about my friend Seve and this one is for him . "  I have never experienced anything like this . This event is so special . " While the U.S. had dominated the first two days of the competition , they simply had no answer to a European team determined to honor Ballesteros ' memory . U.S. close in on Ryder Cup glory despite late Poulter heroics Olazabal 's players struggled to keep up with the U.S. in the fourballs and the foursomes , but they raced out of the traps from the very first tee shot of the singles matches . Led by Luke Donald , who comprehensively saw off Bubba Watson in the opening game , Europe rode on the crest of a wave with Englishman Ian Poulter , who won four of his matches , at the center of the charge . Ryder Cup revolutionaries : Seve and Ollie Poulter , a wildcard pick by captain Olazabal , justified his selection as he saw off U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson 2 & 1 . "  Ollie said to us at the start of the week , Ryder Cup is what memories and dreams are made of , and he 's been awesome , " explained an emotional Poulter . "  And last night in that team room was buzzing . We were n't four down . We were all square . We just knew we had a chance and do you know what ? This is history right here . This has been unbelievable . "  I 'm going to enjoy it , with the best team I 've ever seen , and the best captain I 've ever seen , and everyone else , because this right here is special . " Scotland 's Paul Lawrie , playing in the Ryder Cup for the first time since Brookline 13 years ago , claimed Europe 's second point of the day , thrashing FedEx Cup playoff winner Brandt Snedeker 5 & 3 . With the momentum firmly behind Europe , world No. 1 Rory McIlroy edged out impressive rookie Keegan Bradley 2 & 1 before Poulter brought Europe level . Big-hitter Dustin Johnson got the first point of the day for the U.S. following a 3 & 2 win over the equally powerful Nicolas Colsaerts of Belgium . While that victory was met with loud cheers , the joy was short lived as England 's Justin Rose showed nerves of steel over the final three holes to see off four-time major winner Phil Mickelson . Rose was trailing going into the 17th , but holed a stunning putt to level before sneaking beyond Mickelson at the last for a 2 up victory . The U.S. moved ahead once again to lead 12-11 following Zach Johnson 's 2 & 1 win over Northern Irishman Graeme McDowell , who struggled for form throughout . But Europe refused to give up and former world No. 1 Lee Westwood holed his putt on the 16th hole to secure a 3 & 2 win over Matt Kuchar and round off a difficult week on a high note . There was further drama as experienced American Jim Furyk lost out to Spanish Ryder Cup veteran Sergio Garcia . Furyk thought he had won the match on the 16th and began to celebrate as his ball circled the lip of the cup -- only to agonizingly roll out . Faldo backs McIlroy to roar over Tiger The consistent Jason Dufner , a winner of three points from four matches , saw off Peter Hanson to make it 13-13 as the tension increased . With two matches remaining on the course both teams sensed victory but it was Europe which held its nerve . Germany 's Kaymer took a one-shot lead on the 17th and then produced the defining moment of the 39th Ryder Cup -- holing the crucial putt on the last to defeat Steve Stricker and ensure the U.S. could not reach the winning target of 141/2 points . That left Europe on 14 points and Italian Francesco Molinari secured the half point needed to win the cup outright after finishing level with 14-time major winner Tiger Woods . "  They played very , very well , " said U.S. captain Love III . "  They holed putts when they had to . We never got that big chip in or that big shot , maybe it just was n't our week . "  The Europeans played with class and I congratulate them . We never took this for granted . We had a lot of guys who got beat today , I do n't know if they played badly but they did n't win . "  There 's probably a lot I 'd change now we did n't win . It 'll be disappointing when we think about how well we played and did n't win . It 's not good for us , but it 's good for golf this Ryder Cup . "	Europe pull of a stunning turnaround to win the Ryder Cup 14.5-13 .5 Europe had trailed 10-6 going into the final round of matches Sunday The teams were level at 13-13 with two matches left on the Medinah course Germany 's Martin Kaymer holed the definitive putt on the 18th green
New Delhi  CNN  -- Mercy petitions of three condemned prisoners jailed in connection with the 1991 assassination of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi have been turned down by India 's President Pratibha Devisingh Patil , her spokeswoman told CNN Thursday . In 1999 , India 's supreme court confirmed death sentences for four of the people convicted of involvement in the suicide bomb attack on Gandhi in southern India . One of them was a woman , whose sentence was later commuted to life imprisonment . The other three -- T Suthentharaja , V Sriharan and G Perarivalan -- remained on death row . Presidential spokeswoman Archana Datta said the mercy petitions of the condemned convicts have now been rejected . It 's not yet known when the executions will be carried out . India blamed Sri Lanka 's Tamil rebels of ordering the killing of Gandhi , who had sent Indian peacekeepers to the restive island nation . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Three are jailed in assassination of Rajiv Gandhi It 's not yet known when the executions will be carried out
Gov. Andrew Cuomo beefed up New York 's gun-control laws on Tuesday by signing into law a new package of firearm and mental health regulations that mark the nation 's first since last month 's massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . Cuomo , a self-described gun owner , said the December 14 tragedy spurred lawmakers to action and called it a "  common sense " measure before enacting what are widely seen as America 's toughest gun laws . "  You can overpower the extremists with intelligence and common sense , " he said before inking the deal in Albany . The laws fortify New York 's existing assault weapons ban , limit the number of bullets allowed in magazines and strengthen rules that govern the mentally ill , which includes a requirement to report potentially harmful behavior . Oregon sheriff : ` Unconstitutional ' gun control laws wo n't be enforced Both the GOP-controlled Senate and Democrat-dominated Assembly approved the measure by overwhelming margins just one week after Cuomo spelled out the proposals in his annual State of the State address . The first-term Democratic governor had called for a tightening of the assault weapons ban , background checks for people who purchase guns privately and more restrictions on high-capacity magazines . But the new measures drew ire from the nation 's largest gun lobby over the speed with which the bill was passed in the new legislative session . The National Rifle Association accused Cuomo and other state lawmakers of orchestrating "  a secretive end-run around the legislative and democratic process . " After two days of voting in the state Legislature , Cuomo signed the deal around 5 p.m. before telling reporters that speed had been essential so as not to create a rush on the gun market . "  There has been all sorts of reports that even the contemplation of this law caused an increase in  gun  sales , " he said . "  That would have been the exact opposite of what we were trying to achieve . " Related : Details of Obama 's proposals The new laws include a statewide gun registry and a uniform licensing standard , altering the current system in which each county or municipality sets its own standard . Residents are now restricted to purchasing ammunition magazines that carry seven bullets , rather than 10 . Related : NRA 's shooting video prompts outrage It remains unclear what effect the measures will have on New York 's already stringent approach to gun control . "  The changes in New York are largely cosmetic , " said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan , who described existing regulations as "  the toughest gun laws in the United States . " "  The one change that arguably will have the greatest impact is the amendment to Kendra 's Law , which will permit closer monitoring of the mentally ill . " That 1999 law grants New York judges the authority to require residents to undergo psychiatric treatment if they meet certain criteria . Related : Gun control support rises but divide remains over what to do The new measures will extend Kendra 's Law through 2017 , expand outpatient treatment from six months to a year and require reviews before such treatment is allowed to expire . New York 's mental health professionals will be governed by a new and controversial set of rules that require them to report their patients to the state should those patients exhibit behavior suggesting that they could be harmful to themselves or others . "  We 're opening up an unprecedented window into what goes on in the therapy room , " said Dr. Paul S. Appelbaum , director of the Division of Law , Ethics , and Psychiatry at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons . "  It would effect a major change in the usual presumptions of confidentiality . " The bill creates mandatory life sentences for anyone who murders certain first responders , a provision that comes after two firefighters were killed in an ambush as they battled a blaze in upstate New York . The vote coincides with a series of recommendations put together by Vice President Joe Biden meant to address the nation 's gun violence . Lawmakers in at least 10 other states are reviewing some form of new gun regulations in the new year .	NRA decries speed of bill Gov. Andrew Cuomo signs gun-control bill into law Law limits ammunition magazines to seven bullets , down from 10 Measure includes a statewide gun registry , uniform licensing standard
Tokyo  CNN  -- Nine North Korean defectors found near Japan 's coast in September were transferred to Seoul , South Korea , on Tuesday , a Japanese government spokesmen said . The group of nine -- three men , three women and three children -- departed Japan for South Korea in line with their wishes for long-term residence , said Foreign Ministry spokesman Masaru Sato . The nine came under the custody of Japanese Coast Guard after they were discovered drifting in a small wooden boat off the coast of Noto Peninsula in northern Japan on September 13 . The government kept the group , who claimed to have escaped from North Korea , in an immigration facility in Nagasaki in southern Japan , for three weeks for questioning . Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said the government got "  sufficient information " about the current situation of the secretive country through lengthy interviews with the refugees . It is rare for North Korean defectors to sail to Japan 's coast . According to coast guard records , there have been only two other cases . One was in 2006 , when four North Koreans floated to northern Japan . The other was in 1987 , when a family of 11 drifted to west Japan .	The nine say they are from North Korea They include men , women and children The group has been questioned in Japan for weeks It is rare for North Korean defectors to sail to Japan 's coast
CNN  -- For Muslims around the world , Eid al-Adha is a time of celebration , marked by visits from far-flung relatives , gift-giving and elaborate feasts . But this year , the joyous occasion Tuesday was marred by bomb blasts and deaths in violence-plagued Afghanistan and Iraq , and in civil war-wracked Syria . In southern Afghanistan , a member of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force died Tuesday after an attack by enemy forces , ISAF reported . ISAF did not identify the service member or the member 's nationality . Later Tuesday , the United Kingdom 's Defence Ministry said that enemy fire killed a British soldier who was on patrol Tuesday in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand province , northeast of the provincial capital of Lashkar Gah . It was n't immediately clear whether this was the death that ISAF reported . In the country 's east , a bomb placed under a stage killed the governor of Logar province as he was delivering an Eid al-Adha speech inside a mosque Tuesday morning . In addition to Gov. Mohammad Arsala Jamal , the blast killed four others and injured 15 more , the head of the provincial council , Abdul Wakil , told reporters . Jamal , who also had Canadian citizenship , was an outspoken critic of insurgents in Afghanistan . Before he served in Logar , he had been governor of eastern Afghanistan 's Khost province . In Iraq , at least 11 people were killed and 26 others wounded when a bomb exploded outside a mosque in central Kirkuk , Iraqi officials said . The bomb went off as worshippers were leaving the mosque , police said . And in Syria , where a bloody civil war continues to claim lives daily , three children were killed in an explosion that anti-government activists blamed on President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . A revered observance Eid al-Adha is considered one of Islam 's most revered observances . It corresponds with the height of the Hajj , the pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia that annually draws 2 million Muslims . It commemorates when God appeared to Abraham -- known as Ibrahim to Muslims -- in a dream and asked him to sacrifice his son as an act of obedience . As Abraham was about to perform the sacrifice , God stopped him and gave him a sheep to kill in place of his son . A version of the story also appears in the Torah and in the Bible 's Old Testament . The four-day celebration is also known as the Feast of Sacrifice , or Greater Eid . It is the longer of two Eid holidays observed by Muslims . Eid al-Fitr , or Little Eid , follows the conclusion of the holy month of Ramadan . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq from Atlanta and journalist Qadir Sediqi from Kabul , Afghanistan , contributed to this report .	ISAF service member killed in southern Afghanistan In eastern Afghanistan , a bomb inside a mosque kills a governor In Iraq , worshippers are targeted as they leave a prayer service In Syria , three children are killed
Two men were charged Thursday in connection with a terror plot that Australia 's prime minister said involved plans to carry out a public execution . Prime Minister Tony Abbott said authorities obtained intelligence about a "  demonstration killing " -- a killing , Australian media reported , in which alleged assailants planned to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and then drape him or her in an ISIS flag . The foiled plot comes just days after the country raised its terror alert to high and in the midst of Australia committing to helping the United States and a broad international coalition to beat back the Islamic State , or ISIS . The militant group has been slaughtering people and taking over villages in Syria and Iraq . One of its members beheaded two Western journalists and an aid worker -- brutality that was videotaped and broadcast throughout the world . ISIS vows that it will stop at nothing to create a caliphate governed by the intensely strict Sharia law . Suspects arrested , detained Earlier Thursday , at least one person had been arrested and charged with terrorism offenses and another 14 were detained as police conducted more than two dozen searches in Sydney , acting Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said at a news conference . Hours later , police said nine people who were detained have been released . A 24-year-old man from Merrylands has been charged with possession of ammunition without a license and unauthorized possession of a prohibited weapon , authorities said . Another man has also stood in court , charged with conspiracy to commit acts in preparation of a terrorist act and financing terrorism , police said , and two women were issued notices to appear later in court . Their names have not been released . Authorities declined to give details about the threat , citing an ongoing operation . But Abbott told reporters that intelligence revealed that Islamic militants inside Australia were planning to kill . "  The exhortations , quite direct exhortations , were coming from an Australian who is apparently quite senior in ISIL  Islamic State  to networks of support back in Australia to conduct demonstration killings here in this country , " he said . Early morning raids More than 800 law enforcement officials fanned out across Sydney suburbs as part of a coordinated operation to serve 25 search warrants . "  Today 's operation reflects the reality of the threat we actually face , " said Andrew Scipione , commissioner of New South Wales Police . A second series of searches were carried out in Brisbane , Scipione said . Those searches were connected to the arrests earlier this month of two men in Brisbane accused of recruiting and financing foreign fighters to Syria . The commissioner said authorities are looking for links between the Sydney operation and the one in Brisbane . Meanwhile , police presence has been increased at Parliament because of security threats , Abbott told Channel 7 on Friday . Citing an intelligence review carried out in recent days , Abbott said federal police will be taking over security inside and outside of Parliament . Terror alert raised to ` high ' Australia last week raised its terror alert level to "  high " for the first time since the national alert system was introduced in 2003 . It 's the second-highest alert level . According to the four-level system , a reading of "  high " means a terrorist attack is likely . The decision to raise the level was foreshadowed by the departing director-general of the Australian Security Intelligence Organization  ASIO  last week . David Irvine said the threat level had been building in Australia over the last year , due to the increasing influence of Australian jihadists who had gone to fight for ISIS in the Middle East and then returned home . According to the Sydney Morning Herald , Irvine said more than 20 Australians had returned home after fighting in Iraq or Syria , and about 60 Australians are currently fighting with extremist groups . Australia joins anti-terror coalition This week , the Australian government was one of 40 nations that agreed to contribute to the fight against ISIS , the terror group that calls itself the Islamic State . The government has agreed to send military advisers to Iraq , and it will deploy a number of aircraft , including fighter jets , to the United Arab Emirates . It also will also help to stem the humanitarian crisis . Australian combat troops will not participate in ground fighting , according to Abbott .	Security ramped up at Parliament , PM Tony Abbott says Police say charges were filed against two men Abbott says intelligence pointed to possible "  demonstration killing " by militants
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai asked their respective parties to shun violence on Friday , a rare expression of unity between the political rivals . It came after disturbances Sunday between Mugabe 's Zanu PF party and Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change in Chitungwiza near the capital of Harare . About 30 MDC supporters were injured after suspected Zanu PF militia had disrupted a rally where Tsvangirai was scheduled to speak . The two men have different takes on who might be to blame for the violence . Tsvangirai accused the police chief , Augustine Chihuri , an ally of Mugabe , of asking police to protect only Zanu PF supporters . Mugabe defended police , saying MDC had barred officers from attending its events . But both want citizens to embrace peace . "  I am happy the president is with us , " Tsvangirai said . "  I have brought before him the issues of violence . I have brought before him the blood unnecessarily shed in our communities simply because of one is Zanu PF and the other is MDC , " he said . "  I told him about the Chitungwiza violence . ... The police watched and to date there is no single arrest . " Speaking to the leadership of Zanu PF and MDC , Mugabe said , "  Let us walk the talk of peace . This is our sincere plea from our hearts . " He added , "  People must hold their meetings freely . Do n't stand in the way of those who are holding a meeting . " But the 87-year-old president , who has ruled Zimbabwe since its independence in 1980 , said the level of violence in his country was worrying . He said he has been discussing the issue with Tsvangirai at their weekly meetings . The men , now partners in a fragile coalition government , said they want Zimbabwe 's next elections to be peaceful . In 2008 , political violence ahead of the presidential run-off resulted in Tsvangirai pulling out , citing violent attacks and intimidation by the militia of Mugabe 's faction . Mugabe won the election but regional leaders did not recognize the polls and called for a coalition government . Since then , violence has decreased . But talk of upcoming elections has resulted in renewed clashes .	Mugabe is the longtime leader of Zimbabwe He and Tsvangirai are longtime political rivals Disturbances on Sunday injured MDC supporters
CNN  -- With so many flashy tablets and high-speed smartphones on display , it 's easy to forget the important role low-cost phones play at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . But while headlines are grabbed by expensive devices crammed with high-speed processors , crystal clear display screens and eye-poppingly powerful cameras , many manufacturers are still focused on the basics . For mobile phone makers , real market expansion areas are now found in developing countries where mobiles have still to connect billions of people and offer life-changing internet access . Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt warned in his keynote address to the congress that for the "  aspiring majority " of five out of seven billion global citizens , "  the web is still a scarce resource . " "  For most people the digital revolution has not arrived yet . Every revolution begins with a small group of people . Imagine how much better it would be with another five billion people online , " he said . Read more about Schmidt 's ` digital caste system ' warning Ahead of the Congress , Dr Hamadoun Tour  , secretary-general of the U.N. 's International Telecommunication Union , told CNN that mobiles represented the "  best hope of accelerating progress " towards global poverty reduction goals . "  With seven billion people 's needs to serve , information and communications technologies represent the single most powerful channel we have ever had to reach out to others , wherever they may live , whatever their circumstances , " he said . Read more about how mobiles are changing lives in Africa But while marketing mobiles to the developing world was a major theme at the event , there was no getting away from the head-turning technology on display . Gadget freaks were stunned by Nokia 's unveiling of a phone featuring a powerful 41 megapixel camera , a coup for a manufacturer that has seen its market share eroded by Apple and Android-based technology in recent years . Korean firm Samsung also won plaudits for its Galaxy Beam , capable of projecting images and videos onto walls . With Apple notably absent from Barcelona  it prefers to stage manage its own product launches  , its rivals were able to steal a march on its forthcoming iPad 3 by unwrapping the devices they hope will challenge it . So-called "  quad-core " processors that potentially double the speed of current mobiles were big news , with emerging Chinese player Huawei among those pushing new superfast devices . Read more about trends at the Mobile World Congress Quad-core is likely to be a major hit with the gaming industry , with phones and tablets able to support the graphics-intensive activities needed for high-end video software . Not everyone was convinced with the merits of quad-core , however . A senior executive from Microsoft -- which used the event to unveil a preview of its long-awaited tablet-friendly Windows 8 operating system -- decried a quad-core "  arms race " that rarely resulted in better performance . There were also glimpses into a future in which so-called near-field communication technology will allow mobile phones to replace the cash in our pocket . The role mobiles will play in interacting with our cars was also highlighted by Ford 's unveiling of its new B-Max compact and RIM 's BlackBerry-integrated Porsche 911 . This also raised fresh questions about vehicle security and safety . Read more about cars at risk from hackers Exploration of the future of mobiles , in which our devices continue to look after our health but also snoop on our lifestyles , also stirred debate over the increasing hold they now have over us . "  With our increasing addiction to our mobile phones , we are in danger of creating a monster that we are less and less able to control , " argued technology skeptic Andrew Keen . Read more about Keen 's fear of ` Frankenstein 's mobiles ' But there 's bad news for anyone thinking about ditching their phone down the toilet : waterproof mobiles are the next big thing .	Supplying phones to emerging markets and connecting world 's poor seen as important theme at mobile event Mega powerful camera phones , projector phones and super-fast processors among head-turning tech Mobile World Congress also raised debate over future roles mobiles will play in our lives
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong bestrode the sport of cycling like a colossus between 1999 and 2005 . His feat of winning seven consecutive titles at the Tour de France -- arguably the world 's toughest sporting event -- was like the demigod Hercules completing his "  Twelve Labors . " Armstrong 's achievements seemed all the more extraordinary given his against-the-odds recovery after being diagnosed with testicular cancer in 1996 . His best-selling autobiography "  It 's Not About the Bike : My Journey Back to Life " in 2000 helped give birth to the Armstrong legend , as it recounted his fight for life against a disease that had spread to his lungs , abdomen and brain before he underwent radical treatment and went on to win his first Tour in 1999 . This was a sporting story that gave hope to millions across the world . The Texan 's battle with cancer led him to set up the Livestrong foundation in 1997 , which according to its website has raised close to $ 500 million in the battle against the disease -- thanks in no small part to the charity 's iconic yellow wristbands . Read more : Armstrong loses Tour titles His heroic story attracted an army of fans and lucrative sponsorship deals with big corporations such as Nike and the Anheuser-Busch brewery . But then came the fall from grace . A demise that is like a Greek tragedy , which is now only awaiting an act of contrition or recognition  anagnorisis  from the 41-year-old , who is expected to admit to his transgressions when a pre-taped interview with U.S. chat show queen Oprah Winfey airs on Friday . Armstrong is expected to face up to the extraordinary body of evidence the United States Anti-Doping Agency put together before releasing more than 1,000 pages of evidence in October 2012 . A positive test for a banned substance during his first Tour de France win in 1999 was explained away by a prescription for a cream to treat saddle sores , but the doubts and rumors surrounding Armstrong refused to go away . The 2004 book "  L.A. Confidential : The Secrets of Lance Armstrong " by journalists David Walsh and Pierre Ballester alleged the use of performance-enhancing substances . Read more : Armstrong appeals to supporters A key witness for Walsh and Ballester , and then the USADA , was Emma O'Reilly -- formerly a masseuse/personal assistant to Armstrong and his cycling team , U.S. Postal Service . She told the agency she engaged in clandestine trips to pick up and drop off what she assumed were doping products , and said she was in the room when Armstrong and two other team officials came up with a plan to backdate a prescription for corticosteroids for a saddle sore to explain a positive steroid test result during the 1999 Tour de France . "  Now , Emma , you know enough to bring me down , " she says Armstrong told her after the meeting . "  The quote has got a bit dramatized , " she said . "  History has shown that I did n't have enough to bring him down , and I never wanted to bring him down . Never , ever wanted to bring Lance down . " Doping was commonplace in cycling in the '90s , O'Reilly said , as integral to the sport as the bikes that bore riders up and down the challenging French hillsides . She said she tried to distance herself from doping activities but felt some pressure to co-operate . Read more : Should you wear a Livestrong bracelet ? She said she first came across doping by U.S. Postal in 1998 , when she said a man gave her a package that he described as testosterone for team cyclist George Hincapie . The man , whose name is redacted from the affidavit , warned her not to travel to the United States with it , O'Reilly said . Hincapie acknowledged using banned substances in his affidavit to the USADA and in a statement released the same day . That same year , she says , Armstrong gave her a small plastic-wrapped package after a race in the Netherlands and asked her to dispose of it . O'Reilly said Armstrong told her it "  contained some things he was uneasy traveling with and had not wanted to throw away at the team hotel . " O'Reilly also recounted buying makeup for Armstrong to conceal what she said he described as bruise from a syringe injection during a race . While O'Reilly said she never saw Armstrong use banned substances -- though she felt sure that he did -- Tyler Hamilton had a different story , saying "  the first time I ever blood-doped was with Lance " and that his teammate was well aware and involved with everything that happened . The publication of "  L.A. Confidential " led to a raft of lawsuits . Armstrong sued British newspaper The Sunday Times , which published an article referencing the book , before eventually reaching an out-of-court settlement . The Sunday Times is now suing Armstrong for $ 1.5 million it claims he "  got by fraud " using "  Britain 's draconian libel laws against us . " The paper also took out an advert in the Chicago Tribune listing 10 questions that Oprah should ask Armstrong . It was signed by its chief sports writer Walsh , who was named UK journalist of the year for his 13-year investigation into Armstrong 's activities . Cycling 's governing body the UCI could seek to reclaim the millions he secured in prize money during his halcyon years , while reports have suggested Armstrong -- who was dropped by major sponsors such as Nike and Oakley -- may agree to pay back some of the sponsorship funding that his U.S. Postal team received . Read more : U.S. Postal team doping ` predates Armstrong ' Over time , a host of riders who had raced alongside Armstrong with the team between 1998 and 2004 began to cast doubt on his unparalleled achievements . In 2010 Floyd Landis , a disgraced former rider who was stripped of the 2006 Tour de France title for doping offenses , claimed he and Armstrong had both taken prohibited substances while teammates at U.S. Postal Service . Landis launched legal action against Armstrong in the form of a whistleblower suit , claiming he had defrauded the U.S. government by accepting money from the Postal Service . Armstrong remained staunch in his denial of doping allegations , but former colleagues such as Hamilton continued to make claims of wrongdoing . The American , who has since been stripped of the gold medal he won at the 2004 Olympic Games , admitted to doping while also pointing the finger at Armstrong . The drip of allegations refused to go away , until it become a flood with the report released by the USADA . It accused him of being part of "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen . " The report included evidence from 26 people -- 11 of whom were Armstrong 's former teammates . Read more : USADA - ` Evidence overwhelming ' Armstrong maintains that he has been subjected to 500 drug tests and failed none , but the fallout from USADA 's 202-page report has been catastrophic for the Texan . In addition to losing the Tour titles he won between 1999 and 2005 , he also faces being stripped of bronze medal he won at the 2000 Olympic Games . Livestrong has not emerged from the scandal unscathed , with Armstrong forced to step down from his role as chairman . At first he put on a brave face , telling his supporters at a Livestrong charity event in Texas : "  I 've been better , but I 've been a lot worse . " But , on the day he taped his interview with Winfrey , Armstrong visited the charity 's staff and reportedly made a "  sincere and heartfelt apology for the stress they 've endured because of him . " Armstrong 's words might be true , but there can be no doubt that the sport he seemingly did so much for has never been in a hole quite as deep as the one his fall from grace has created .	Lance Armstrong stripped of his seven Tour de France titles by cycling 's ruling body American accused of systematic drug use by United States Anti-Doping Agency Eleven of the Texan 's former teammates testified against him in USADA report Armstrong has stepped down as chairman of the Livestrong Foundation
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Snow and ice dealt a major blow to U.S. air travel Thursday , while much of the nation shivered from record low temperatures . At least 400 flights at Chicago , Illinois ' , O'Hare International Airport were canceled . Arriving flights were being delayed an average of 45 minutes and outgoing flights about 30 minutes , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Chicago 's Midway Airport and Newark International Airport in New Jersey also reported delays . Those bottlenecks were affecting flights at many other international airports . Meanwhile , the National Weather Service was keeping an eye on a dangerous mix of ice and snow expected in the Southeast , where temperatures have dipped between 10 to 35 degrees below normal for the past two weeks , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines offered to issue winter weather travel waivers to Delta and Northwest passengers on flights to , from or through five states . Travelers can change their schedule without fees until Saturday if their routes include Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Mississippi or Tennessee . The arctic blast that began last weekend has been blamed for at least seven deaths across the nation . Share your photos , video of winter weather Record-breaking lows were forecast for two-thirds of the country , for most areas east of the Rockies . For some regions , even lower temperatures are on tap through the weekend , forecasters said . "  But the brunt of the cold air will ride down the Mississippi River , " said CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano , reporting from Memphis , Tennessee . Marciano said temperatures have been the lowest there in more than a decade . "  You have people not used to this weather , and homes are not built for this weather . Yesterday alone , the city -LSB- Memphis -RSB- went around to turn on the heat for homes when people have not been able to pay -LSB- their utility bills -RSB- . " Alabama issued a warning to drivers Thursday night , urging them to stay off icy roads as driving conditions were "  becoming dangerous " with numerous accidents reported . Trooper Curtis Summerville with the Alabama State Patrol said the biggest problem on the roads was black ice on overpasses and bridges . But , he said football was helping keep people at home as University of Alabama fans cheered on their team in the National Championship Game against the University of Texas . A wind chill advisory was in effect until Friday in Arkansas , where readings were expected to drop below zero with winds of over 30 mph . A dusting of snow in Atlanta on Thursday night left roads slick after two weeks of below normal temperatures . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers noted that it was warmer in Fairbanks , Alaska , than it was in Atlanta on Thursday morning , calling the cold front sweeping the nation one that "  we probably have n't seen for 15 years . " 29-car pileup near Atlanta airport In the Deep South , Florida was under a state of emergency because of the threat to the state 's lucrative citrus and vegetable industries . Gov. Charlie Crist issued an order Tuesday aimed at helping farmers salvage what they can by lifting weight limits on trucks so already-harvested crops can more easily reach markets . Also suffering in the cold : sea turtles . Florida Fish & Wildlife officers have rescued 120 sea turtles after water temperatures in the 40s shocked their tropically inclined systems , according to CNN affiliate WPBF . "  Their bodies are shutting down because they 're too cold , " Karrie Minch of the Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge told WPBF . "  If we do n't rescue them , they 'll end up expiring . " Elsewhere Thursday , the high in Bismarck , North Dakota , was around 11 degrees below zero , with a wind chill of minus 35 . Forecasters said the wind chill could dip to 52 degrees below zero overnight . Snowfall amounts of 4 to 8 inches were forecast Thursday for the upper Plains to the Northeast and as far south as Kentucky and Tennessee . Up to 7 inches fell in parts of Illinois . School districts in Omaha and Lincoln , Nebraska , called off classes Thursday and city governments reported burning through their entire snow removal budgets with a full two months of winter left . Jeras said the long stretch of cold weather in the South is "  extremely unusual . " Dallas , Texas , where it was 24 on Thursday , has been experiencing the longest stretch of cold weather in more than a decade , she said . The Southeast is expected to see lower temperatures by Saturday . CNN 's Jim Kavanagh , Craig Johnson and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	About 400 flights at Chicago O'Hare International Airport canceled Expected high in Bismarck , North Dakota , minus 11 , wind chill as low as minus 35 At least 7 deaths attributed to deep freeze , which is reaching record lows in some areas In Memphis , Tennessee , city officials turn on heat for those who ca n't pay utility bills
CNN  For the second time , a Georgia woman 's execution has been postponed -- this time because of concerns about the drugs to be used . Kelly Renee Gissendaner was scheduled to die at 7 p.m. ET Monday . "  Prior to the execution , the drugs were sent to an independent lab for testing of potency . The drugs fell within the acceptable testing limits , " the Georgia Department of Corrections said in a statement . "  Within the hours leading up to the scheduled execution , the Execution Team performed the necessary checks . At that time , the drugs appeared cloudy . The Department of Corrections immediately consulted with a pharmacist , and in an abundance of caution , Inmate Gissendaner 's execution has been postponed . " The 47-year-old was originally scheduled to die on Wednesday , but that execution was called off because of winter weather . A petition saying the mother of three has turned her life around , even earning a theology degree while in prison , had garnered about 80,000 signatures as of Tuesday morning . Organizers plan to deliver it to Gov. Nathan Deal , though in Georgia , the governor has no authority to grant clemency . Gissendaner has become a "  powerful voice for good , " the petition says of the woman convicted of orchestrating her husband 's death in 1997 . "  While incarcerated , she has been a pastoral presence to many , teaching , preaching and living a life of purpose , " the petition states . "  Kelly is a living testament to the possibility of change and the power of hope . She is an extraordinary example of the rehabilitation that the corrections system aims to produce . " On Sunday night , about 200 people attended a vigil at Emory University 's Cannon Chapel , where they sang her praises . "  Killing her is not going to bring anything back . It 's not going to undo what 's been done , " priest Kelly Zappa told CNN affiliate WSB . The pleas did not sway Georgia 's high court or its board of pardons . In a 5-2 decision Monday afternoon , the state Supreme Court denied her request for a stay , and it also dismissed a constitutional challenge claiming that her sentence was disproportionate . And the State Board of Pardons and Paroles said Monday evening that its decision last week to deny clemency in the case stands . Not since Lena Baker , an African-American convicted of murder and pardoned decades later , has Georgia executed a woman . The state was scheduled to snap that 70-year streak last week before Gissendaner 's execution was first postponed . Just hours before she was scheduled to die by injection at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification State Prison in Jackson last Wednesday , the Georgia Department of Corrections announced it had postponed the execution until Monday at 7 p.m. "  due to weather and associated scheduling issues , " department spokeswoman Gwendolyn Hogan said . Gissendaner was convicted in a February 1997 murder plot that targeted her husband in suburban Atlanta . She was romantically involved with Gregory Owen and conspired with the 43-year-old to have her husband , Douglas Gissendaner , killed , according to court testimony . Owen wanted Kelly Gissendaner to file for a divorce , but she was concerned that her husband would "  not leave her alone if she simply divorced him , " court documents said . The Gissendaners had already divorced once , in 1993 , and they remarried in 1995 . Details of the crime , as laid out at trial and provided by Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens , are as follows : Kelly Gissendaner and Owen planned the murder for months . On February 7 , 1997 , she dropped Owen off at her home , gave him a nightstick and hunting knife , and went out dancing with girlfriends . Douglas Gissendaner also spent the evening away from home , going to a church friend 's house to work on cars . Owen lay in wait until he returned . When Douglas Gissendaner came home around 11:30 p.m. , Owen forced him by knifepoint into a car and drove him to a remote area of Gwinnett County . There , Owen ordered his victim into the woods , took his watch and wallet to make it look like a robbery , hit him in the head with the nightstick and stabbed Douglas Gissendaner in the neck eight to 10 times . Kelly Gissendaner arrived just as the murder took place , but she did not immediately get out of her car . She later checked to make sure her husband was dead , then Owen followed her in Douglas Gissendaner 's car to retrieve a can of kerosene that Kelly Gissendaner had left for him . Owen set her husband 's car on fire in an effort to hide evidence and left the scene with Kelly Gissendaner . Police discovered the burned-out automobile the morning after the murder but did not find the body . Authorities kicked off a search . Kelly Gissendaner , meanwhile , went on local television appealing to the public for information on her husband 's whereabouts . Her and Owen 's story started to unravel after a series of police interviews . On February 20 , Douglas Gissendaner 's face-down body was found about a mile from his car . An autopsy determined the cause of death to be knife wounds to the neck , but the medical examiner could n't tell which strike killed Douglas Gissendaner because animals had devoured the skin and soft tissue on the right side of his neck . On February 24 , Owen confessed to the killing and implicated Kelly Gissendaner , who was arrested the next day and charged . While in jail awaiting trial , Kelly Gissendaner grew angry when she heard that Owen was to receive a 25-year sentence for his role in the murder .  Owen is serving life in prison at a facility in Davisboro , according to Georgia Department of Corrections records . She began writing letters to hire a third person who would falsely confess to taking her to the crime scene at gunpoint . She asked her cellmate , Laura McDuffie , to find someone willing to do the job for $ 10,000 , and McDuffie turned Kelly Gissendaner 's letters over to authorities via her attorney . Kelly Gissendaner has exhausted all state and federal appeals , the attorney general said in a statement last week . In the clemency application , Gissendaner 's lawyers argued she was equally or less culpable than Owen , who actually did the killing . Both defendants were offered identical plea bargains before trial : life in prison with an agreement to not seek parole for 25 years . Owen accepted the plea bargain and testified against his former girlfriend . Gissendaner was willing to plead guilty , her current lawyers said , but consulted with her trial lawyer and asked prosecutors to remove the stipulation about waiting 25 years to apply for parole . According to her clemency appeal , her lead trial attorney , Edwin Wilson , said he thought the jury would not sentence her to death "  because she was a woman and because she did not actually kill Doug . ... I should have pushed her to take the plea but did not because I thought we would get straight up life if she was convicted . " Her appeal lawyers also argued that Gissendaner had expressed deep remorse for her actions , become a model inmate and grown spiritually . They said her death would cause further hardship for her children . For her last meal , she requested an extravagant one : two Burger King Whoppers with cheese  with everything  , two large orders of fries , popcorn , cornbread , a side of buttermilk and a salad with tomatoes , bell peppers , onions , carrots , cheese , boiled eggs and Newman 's Own buttermilk dressing , the Corrections Department said . She also requested a glass of lemonade and cherry-vanilla ice cream for dessert . According to the Death Penalty Information Center :  Between 1973 and 2012 -- the most recent data available -- 178 death sentences were imposed upon female offenders . These sentences constitute about 2 % of all death sentences .  Five states -- North Carolina , Florida , California , Ohio and Texas -- account for over half of all such sentences .  As of December 31 , 2012 , there were 61 women on death row .  Women on death row range in age from 28 to 79 . They have been on death row from a few months to over 26 years . Currently the only woman on Georgia 's death row , Gissendaner would be the second woman in the state 's history to be executed . The first was Baker , an African-American maid who was sentenced to death by an all-white , all-male jury in 1944 . She claimed self-defense for killing a man who held her against her will , threatened her life and appeared poised to hit her with a metal bar before she fired a fatal shot . Sixty years after her execution , Georgia 's parole board posthumously pardoned her after finding that "  it was a grievous error to deny  her  clemency . " Such pardons are rare , but so are executions of women . According to the Death Penalty Information Center , only 15 women have been executed in the United States since 1977 . CNN 's Holly Yan , Tina Burnside , Greg Botelho , Tristan Smith and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	The execution is postponed because the drugs "  appeared cloudy , " Georgia says Gissendaner 's was scheduled to die at 7 p.m. Monday for a murder plot targeting her husband
CNN  -- The head of Formula One has avoided possible conviction on bribery charges after agreeing to pay $ 100 million . A German court ruled Tuesday that it would accept an offer from Bernie Ecclestone to bring an early end to proceedings , which had already lasted three months . Presiding judge Peter Noll gave the 83-year-old British businessman a week to make payments of $ 99 million to the Bavarian state treasury and $ 1 million to a local charity which looks after terminally ill children . Ecclestone , who has always denied any wrongdoing , was accused of bribing a German banker eight years go over the sale of a controlling interest in the company that runs the elite division of motorsport . Under German law there is a provision to halt criminal proceedings to avoid long and costly court cases where a conviction might be difficult to achieve and after a negotiation between prosecutors and the defense . "  While charges could have been pursued against the accused , the court took into consideration the age of the accused , his health and the considerable burden of attending court in a foreign country with all the language difficulties that entails and the public attention , " Noll said in his summing up . Ecclestone , whose fortune is valued by Forbes at over $ 4 billion , was asked by Noll if he could make the payment . "  Yes " came the reply . Ecclestone 's defense lawyer Sven Thomas added : "  That 's do-able . " It brought down the curtain on proceedings in Munich that could have ended in a jail sentence of up to 10 years and the loss of his position at the helm of F1 . Outside the court , Thomas told reporters : "  This is not about a conviction , but a cessation of the trial with no admission of guilt . "  There will be no guilty verdict whatsoever and that clearly changes the situation in terms of the evidence and legal position , otherwise the talks between the prosecution and defense would not have been possible . " The controversy dates back to 2006 , when the German regional bank BayernLB sold its 47.2 % stake in F1 to the current majority shareholder , CVC Capital Partners -- a private equity firm . The prosecution claimed Ecclestone paid Gerhard Gribkowsky , formerly the chief risk officer of BayernLB , a sweetener of $ 44 million to steer the sale to CVC , so he could remain in charge of F1 . Ecclestone admitted the payment to Gribhowsky , but only after the banker threatened to make damaging claims about his tax status to Britain 's HM Revenue and Customs . The case revealed that he had avoided a  # 1.2 billion  $ 2 billion  bill through a legal tax avoidance scheme , and had settled with British tax authorities by paying  # 10 million . He has been attending court , mostly accompanied by his wife Fabiana Flos , for two days per week while still running F1 -- a job he has held for over 40 years . Ecclestone had been warned by CVC that a guilty verdict would have resulted him being losing that coveted role , having won a civil case in Britain in February after being accused of undervaluing F1 in the sale .	German court orders Bernie Ecclestone to pay $ 100 million Sum is a settlement to end F1 supremo 's trial on bribery charges Ecclestone has been given a week to pay the fine The 83-year-old had been facing up to 10 years in jail if found guiltuy
New York  CNN  -- From the loudspeakers of New York police patrol cars and search vehicles , Avonte Oquendo 's mother calls for him . She urges the 14-year-old autistic boy to walk toward the flashing blue and white lights of the emergency vehicles that have been combing the streets for him . The recording is part of the New York Police Department 's stepped up search efforts to find Avonte , who was last seen on surveillance video running out of Center Boulevard School in Long Island City on the afternoon of October 4 , Keith Brooks , director of operations for CityWide Disaster Services , said Thursday . "  Avonte , this is your mother . You are safe . Walk toward the lights , " the message repeats . The hope is the teen , who is unable to communicate verbally , will hear the sound of his mother 's voice and approach the emergency vehicles . The reward for the safe return of Avonte grew this week to $ 77,500 , as divers joined an ever growing number of police and rescue officers from several states who have been searching for him nonstop for more than a week . What is autism ? Avonte 's mother , Vanessa Fontaine , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " that she believes her son is still alive and that someone is probably holding him . "  My message to my son is that I love him and we 're going to find him . You 'll come home to your family . And for anyone who has him , please be kind and to let him go , " she said Thursday night . NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly said he is not holding the school safety officer who was on duty when the teen ran out of the Queens high school responsible for the boy 's disappearance . When Avonte approached the front door of his school the day he disappeared , the safety agent told him to go back upstairs , Kelly said at a news conference on Wednesday . Surveillance video then showed Avonte turning and going down another hallway , and exiting the building from a side door , he said . Surveillance video provided by the police department shows that no supervisor or monitor stopped the 14-year-old when he ran out . "  Even though he 's 14 , it should n't matter . No one should be , you know , allowed to run around the hallways in school . And that security guard should have questioned him , " Fontaine said . Growing up autistic Police said Avonte was last seen wearing a gray striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds . Missing-persons posters are being handed out , and the search has expanded to areas outside New York City , Kelly said . The teenager is fascinated by trains , his family has said . Searches of train stations , tracks and tunnels are being conducted at the start of every shift by the Metropolitan Transit Authority , Kelly said , adding that 50 NYPD officers and a task force of detectives are working the case . Transportation officials in New York suspended overnight track maintenance on the city 's transit system this past weekend as workers combed the underground network . All 468 New York City subway stations have been searched , and aviation , harbor and canine officers are mobilized and deployed periodically , the NYPD said . David Perecman , the Oquendo family 's attorney , said it took school officials at least 45 minutes to call police after Avonte left . "  I do n't understand how this happens to a special needs child unless there is something in there that failed the family , " he told "  Piers Morgan Live " on Thursday . Last week , Perecman said he was looking into how the child was able to leave school grounds unsupervised . "  Right now , we have submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the city and the various agencies involved , in order to obtain the information for us to know what occurred , " he said . The New York City Department of Education issued a statement saying it is working closely with police . The school is not commenting . The Oquendo family filed a "  notice of claim " on Wednesday , said Perecman , marking the first step of a lawsuit against the city of New York . He declined to give further information about the claim . Anyone with information about Avonte is asked to contact the NYPD 's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS . The public can also submit tips at the Crime Stoppers website , nypdcrimestoppers.com or can text to 274637  CRIMES  , then enter TIP577 . CNN 's Julia Lull contributed to this report	NEW : "  My message to my son is that I love him and we 're going to find him , " mom says NEW : Attorney says school officials took at least 45 minutes to call police after teen left The message is being played from the speakers of police cars and other search vehicles Avonte , 14 , was last seen leaving his Long Island City school on October 4
CNN  -- For workers of Bangladesh , the worst kind of tragedy imaginable struck last week when the Rana Plaza garment factory building -- just outside my home city of Dhaka -- collapsed , killing more than 500 workers . Despite the many warnings of dangerous cracks in the walls reported to supervisors , police and the media earlier in the week , thousands were still sent to work on Wednesday to proceed with business as usual . There 's no question that this building collapse is tragic , but for garment workers , it 's not surprising . I began working in Bangladesh 's garment industry at the age of 12 , making just $ 3 a month . I went to work because my father had a stroke and the family needed money to cover basic living expenses . I worked 23 days in a row , sleeping on the shop floor , taking showers in the factory restroom , drinking unsafe water and being slapped by the supervisor . Bangladesh vs. the U.S. : How much does it cost to make a denim shirt ? By the time I was a young woman working at a factory that made clothing for a big U.S. retailer , I knew the time had come for change . The factory owed my coworkers and me overtime wages , but it wanted to pay us only half of what we had earned , making it even harder for us to support our families . So I helped lead a strike to hold our manager accountable . I was fired and blacklisted , but my work was far from over . I later learned labor law , English and computer skills so that I could help win justice for garment workers . Today I lead a worker education and advocacy nonprofit that counts tens of thousands of garment workers as members . Opinion : Who really pays for our cheap clothes ? The sad reality is that tragedies like this have become business as usual , advanced by some of the most highly profitable American and international corporations in the world . Last November , 112 workers lost their lives when the Tazreen Fashions factory , which produced garments sold by Wal-mart , Sears and other retailers , caught fire . Much like New York 's infamous Triangle Shirtwaist factory fire more than 100 years ago , the workers at Tazreen were trapped inside , with many jumping from upper story windows to try to save themselves . The death toll at Bangladeshi factories stands at nearly 1,000 since 2006 , based on estimates by the Bangladeshi government and an advocacy organization . In the case of these two recent tragedies , there is plenty of blame to go around -- from the Bangladeshi government for looking the other way at safety violations , to the incredibly dangerous circumstances workers face when they try to unionize , to the pressure factory owners and managers are under to turn out high product volume at low prices no matter what . It is the responsibility of the government of Bangladesh to make a sustained , concerted effort to rectify the dire situation . Strict , well-enforced factory codes and clear support for workers ' rights are paramount to protecting Bangladesh 's garment workforce . But more tragedies can be prevented only if the multinational corporations and retailers whose goods are produced at these factories are willing to stand up and do what is right . A coalition of labor and non-governmental organizations in Bangladesh , Europe and the United States has developed a protocol for an innovative two-year inspection and renovation program to finally make these factories safe -- the Bangladesh Fire and Building Safety Agreement . In addition to facilitating government-supported employer-labor relations and stringent oversight of factory safety management , this protocol focuses on the responsibility of brand owners and retailers to support safety standards . If Wal-mart and its fellow retailers that count on Bangladeshi labor demand change , we can be sure it will happen . As the protocol states , these corporations must verify that the factories they use comply with applicable safety standards . They must ensure that their pricing of garments makes it feasible for the factories to stick to standards . No longer should a Bangladeshi factory manager feel forced to pressure his employees to work in a deadly environment to meet a corporation 's bottom line . As for the tragedies that have already taken place , these brands should contribute to worker compensation funds for victims and victims ' families , including those in the fire at Tazreen . To date , Wal-mart and Sears have refused to contribute . Both companies maintain that subcontractors had used the factory without their authorization , so they are not responsible . I single out Walmart because its past actions have been painfully inadequate . Walmart has refused to sign onto the protocol designed to enhance fire safety and improve factory structures , saying it is putting its own standards in place , which are perfectly adequate . Yet those are Band-Aid measures that are woefully insufficient . Last fall , Wal-mart refused to admit its connection to the Tazreen factory until my colleagues and I went there the day after the fire and photographed products with Wal-mart 's labels in the wreckage . We must no longer tolerate this willful ignorance on the part of multinational corporations about where their goods are produced . It 's high time that companies like Wal-mart , The Gap , and others step up and demand the safety of Bangladesh 's garment workers . Too many Bangladeshi workers live and work in fear for their lives each day . The fire safety protocol is a critical first step to making real change , and I urge Wal-mart to become a leader in the fight to save Bangladeshi lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kalpona Akter .	Kalpona Akter : Deadly factory collapse in Bangladesh was inevitable , considering conditions Akter started work in Bangladesh 's garment industry at 12 , working 23 days in a row Akter : 1,000 Bangladeshi workers have died since 2006 in factory fires or accidents Akter : Multinationals that buy cheap clothing need to demand safety and pay living wages
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Veterans groups are warning President Barack Obama against going ahead with a possible administration move to charge veterans ' private health care for service-related injuries . Veterans groups say it 's "  wholly unacceptable " to charge their private insurance for service injuries . In a letter sent by 11 of the most prominent veterans organizations , the groups warned that the idea "  is wholly unacceptable and a total abrogation of our government 's moral and legal responsibility to the men and women who have sacrificed so much . " CNN obtained a copy of the letter sent to the White House last Friday by groups including The American Legion , Disabled American Veterans , Military Order of the Purple Heart , Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States , and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . Read the letter  PDF A White House spokesman would neither confirm nor deny the option is being considered . "  The details of specific proposals will be transmitted with the full submission in April . The president has made it clear that meeting the needs of veterans is one of his priorities , and as a result has requested an 11 percent increase in discretionary funding for 2010 , and the administration is actively working with the veterans community to ensure we get the details of this budget right , " said White House spokesman Nick Shapiro . In the letter , the groups said they have been told by sources on Capitol Hill and at the VA that the idea under consideration would allow the Department of Veterans Affairs to bill health insurance for a treatment of a disability or injury that was a result of military service . The argument for the proposal is that it frees up money for the VA by charging the private insurers , allowing the VA to spend on more services , said Joe Violante , legislative director for Disabled American Veterans , who opposes the idea . While there could be savings , Violante warned it also could lead to an increase in premiums for veterans with private coverage . " "  We can not and would not agree to any proposal that would expand this concept any further , " the heads of the 11 groups wrote in the letter . "  While we understand the fiscal difficulties this country faces right now , placing the burden of those fiscal problems on the men and women who have already sacrificed a great deal for this country is unconscionable . " Currently , veterans ' private insurance is only charged when they receive health care from the VA for medical issues that are not related to service injuries , like getting the flu . Charging for service-related injuries would violate "  a sacred trust , " said Veterans of Foreign Wars spokesman Joe Davis . Davis said the move would risk private health care for veterans and their families by potentially maxing out benefits paying for costly war injury treatments . It could also make it harder for veterans to get private insurance if the companies decide to reject them for pre-existing conditions , rather than be billed for service-connected injuries , Davis said . "  This seems like bad politics and bad policy , " said IAVA Policy Director Vanessa Williamson , noting that every veterans group opposes it and warns it will adversely affect veterans . "  I do n't see this as a tenable option . "	Possible change in billing angers veterans groups White House would neither confirm nor deny the option is being considered Argument for the proposal would be to free up more money for VA Spokesman : Charging for service-related injuries would violate "  a sacred trust "
CHEYENNE , Wyoming  CNN  -- A trained sniper accused of gunning down his singer wife shot himself to death as investigators closed in on his hideout in Wyoming 's remote back country , police said . David Munis , a National Guard sergeant , was flown to a hospital in Laramie with a chest wound , Capt. Jeff Schulz said . He was pronounced dead at the hospital . Albany County Sheriff Jim Pond said police were attempting to arrest Munis in connection with the death of his estranged wife , a singer who was shot to death on stage over the weekend . "  It was a self-inflicted gunshot wound as -LSB- an -RSB- arrest team was approaching him , " Pond said . Munis was spotted by a ranch hand in rural Albany County , who tipped off the sheriff 's department , and led investigators there on horseback . A high-powered rifle and a pistol were found near Munis , Pond said . Prosecutors had filed charges Tuesday accusing Munis of killing Robin Munis , 40 , in a sniper-style shooting early Saturday as she sang at a Cheyenne restaurant . Authorities found his black pickup truck late Monday in a remote area called Rogers Canyon , outside of Laramie . At least 40 officers had used dog teams and a Black Hawk helicopter in searching the area . The truck was in a police impound lot , authorities said . Schulz said earlier that authorities found a handwritten message pinned to the wall at David Munis ' home , apparently written before the shooting of Robin Munis , that was "  near-confessional in nature . " "  It does not come out and say , ' I did it , ' " Schulz said . "  It just very clearly points in that direction . " The note , which according to court documents was addressed to "  everyone , " also gives "  a number of reasons why -LSB- the shooting -RSB- was going to happen , " Schulz said . Robin Munis was gunned down from a distance as she was on stage singing at the Old Chicago Restaurant . "  This part of her head was just , was absolute -- was gone , " said Ty Warner , who was performing next to her . Watch bandmate Ty Warner describe how Robin Munis died " Witnesses told authorities they heard a "  pop " or a shot fired and saw a dark pickup truck speeding away from the area , according to a probable-cause affidavit filed in the case . Investigators found a bullet hole and damaged glass in a door of the restaurant , the affidavit said . "  The trajectory of the bullet was in line with where the victim had been standing ... and the bullet was recovered from a doorjamb behind the victim , " documents said . The bullet , a 7-mm. , appeared to have been fired from a high-powered rifle and "  was executed with precision . The shot was made from a distance . " David Munis , 36 , had extensive military sniper training and was proficient in the use of high-powered rifles , the affidavit says . Military officials told CNN he was a staff sergeant in the Wyoming National Guard and a decorated former Army sharpshooter who was trained at "  sniper school " in Fort Benning , Georgia . That course includes wilderness survival and evasion tactics . "  The investigation revealed that David Munis owns approximate a dozen high-powered rifles equipped with professional optical scopes , " the affidavit says . "  One of these was described as a 7-mm firearm . " That firearm has not been found , documents said . The shooting came the day after police were contacted by Robin Munis , who told them she and her husband were in the middle of a divorce and that "  he was frequently calling her and harassing her , " the affidavit said . She also said he had been sending her "  hostile " e-mails . Police called David Munis , and he agreed to stop calling his estranged wife and use a third party for contact . Both parties also agreed to meet only at neutral locations , the affidavit said . Schulz said David Munis did not make any threats to Robin Munis during the phone calls , but said the calls were frequent and she told police she did not want to talk to him . Investigators found that a call was made from David Munis ' cell phone to the Old Chicago Restaurant 's business line at 8:54 p.m. , a few hours before the shooting . Authorities recovered seven "  long guns " at David Munis ' home , Schulz said . David Munis ' family , in Montana , has been "  very cooperative , " he said . His aunt told CNN her nephew had never been a violent person . She said she did not know Robin Munis . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	Sniper-trained husband shot himself as authorities closed in David Munis was spotted by a ranch hand , who alerted authorities A high-powered rifle and a pistol were found near him Note found in home of singer 's husband "  near-confessional in nature "
CNN  -- I hate Super Bowl parties . My wife would prefer that I not open this column with that sentence . "  We 'll never be invited to another one , " she says . Hmm ... I hate Super Bowl parties . Hate them . Oh , I love the Super Bowl . I love Vince Ferragamo and the Los Angeles Rams nearly upsetting the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1980 . I love Jack Squirek 's walk-into-the-end zone interception of Joe Theismann in 1984 . I love Marcus Allen reversing field and William Perry running over the Patriots and Doug Williams shocking the Broncos and Jeff Hostetler filling in for Phil Simms and Steve Young yanking the monkey off his back . Opinion : Who is God backing in the Super Bowl ? I absolutely , positively love the Super Bowl . Just not Super Bowl parties . Back when I was a kid , growing up on the mean streets of Mahopac , New York , Super Bowl watching was simple : me , alone , plopped down in front of the television in my den , football tucked beneath my arm , a bowl of pretzels to the side . I did n't want to be bothered ; I did n't want to engage . I wanted to watch a football game -- in peace . Still do . But nowadays , Super Bowl parties have joined Christmas Eve dinners and Easter egg hunts as requisite American rituals -- enjoyment be damned . If you 're not in a room with a large-screen TV and a bunch of balloons and 40 people complaining about the nacho dip , you 're in the wrong place . Well , to hell with that . Nothing ruins the Super Bowl like a Super Bowl party . Or , to be more precise , the people attending a Super Bowl party . Not everyone , of course . But for every shindig thrown , there 's guaranteed to be at least one dolt who -- like a "  Terminator " sent back in time -- is programmed to ruin everything . The non-fan 's guide to Super Bowl parties Here 's a quick breakdown : 1 . The Knows-Everything-That 's - About-to-Happen Dolt : Four years ago , while watching the Cardinals and Steelers play one of the great Super Bowls in NFL history , I had the misfortune of being in the same room as Myles . I 'd once played flag football with Myles and was , well , unimpressed . A short , stout man in his early 40s , he boasted hands of stone and speed of mud but talked as if he were Randy Moss . When I first spotted him at the Super Bowl party I thought , "  Uh , this ca n't be good . " It was n't . Myles predicted every play five seconds before the snap -- and was right approximately .00872 % of the time . "  Oh , they 're gon na run James up the middle here " -- pass . "  Big Ben needs to throw a long one " -- screen . Myles did n't just prognosticate . He did so in a r-e-a-l-l-y loud voice . I wanted to scream . I wanted to cry . I wanted to dress Myles in a Cowboys jersey and banish him to a bar in Philadelphia . Instead , I sat there , listening as this fool behaved like John Madden on whippets . 2 . The Quiet ! - the-Commercials-Are-on Dolt : Do n't get me started . The Super Bowl is about football . Seriously -- it 's about football and two elite teams and runs up the gut and slants and touchdowns and interceptions and field goals . It 's not about the Alf puppet , John Oates and Justin Bieber teaming up for a wacky Pepsi commercial . I get it : Commercials are sometimes funny and clever . Fine . But if one more person jabbers on throughout the game , then tells me to "  Shhhh ... " so he/she can watch the friggin ' Clydesdales , I 'm losing it . 3 . The Long-Suffering-Fan-in-the-Jersey-With-the-Price-Tag-Still-on Dolt : Inevitably , someone will arrive this Sunday wearing a brand new Ray Rice Ravens jersey while talking about "  all the years I 've suffered waiting for this day . " "  Can you name five members of the Ravens ? " Ray Rice . "  Good . " Ray Lewis . "  OK . " Jim Flacco . "  Go away . " I 'm a fan of the New York Jets . I was born in 1972 . Not only have I gone 40 years without my team appearing in the Super Bowl , but I 've had to sit through the likes of Blair Thomas , Rich Kotite and JoJo Townsell . In other words -- zip it . 4 . The Box Dolt : I ca n't remember the last time I attended a Super Bowl party where someone failed to pass around a sheet of paper with a bunch of boxes , and everyone was guilted into plunking down $ 5 . Then , throughout the game , someone screams out "  14 ! " or "  27 ! " and everyone cheers . To this day , I have no remote idea what this means -- only that it irks the living hell out of me . 5 . The Drunk Dolt : Not much really needs to be said -- he drinks 12 beers , eats all the nachos , vomits all the nachos on your shoes while screaming , "  Go Astros ! " and is sent home early . Fortunately , this year should be OK . The wife has agreed that we 'll stay home , order a pizza and watch Ravens-49ers in the den with our kids . As long as no one talks , I 'm golden . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says he loves the Super Bowl , just hates having to go to a party He says when he was young , it was him , with football under arm , the TV , and no talking Now a dolt 's always blabbing through game and wanting quiet during commercials , he says Pearlman says this year he 's staying home with family to watch -- in peace and quiet
Gov. Martin O'Malley will sign into law Thursday a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in Maryland , making it the seventh state to do so . "  All children deserve the opportunity to live in a loving , caring , committed , and stable home , protected equally under the law , " O'Malley said in a statement after the vote . The Maryland House of Delegates approved the measure less than two weeks after Washington legislators voted to legalize same-sex marriage . That measure will take effect in the summer if it survives a likely court challenge . Six states and the District of Columbia already issue same-sex marriage licenses -- Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York and Vermont . Five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions that provide rights similar to marriage . New Jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month , but Gov. Chris Christie vetoed the legislation . He has said voters should decide the issue in a statewide referendum . Voters in North Carolina and Minnesota , meanwhile , will consider proposals in May and November , respectively , to ban gay marriage in those states . New Hampshire lawmakers may also consider a repeal of its same-sex marriage law , according to the National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriage . Lawsuits seeking to expand civil unions or turn back laws banning same-sex marriages are working through the courts in at least 12 states , including Hawaii , Minnesota and California , the organization said . Same-sex marriage became a national issue in 1993 , after the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled that a ban on same-sex marriages violated the state constitution . Legislation was introduced recently to allow same-sex marriages in Illinois , and bills from 2011 remain technically active in Hawaii and Minnesota , said Jack Tweedie of the National Council of State Legislatures . It 's unclear whether any will see significant action , he said . An effort is also underway to put a proposal to legalize same-sex marriage on the November ballot in Maine , where voters previously overturned a 2009 state law authorizing same-sex marriage . In California , meanwhile , a federal appeals court recently ruled against a voter-passed referendum that outlawed same-sex marriage . It said such a ban was unconstitutional and singled out gays and lesbians for discrimination . The case appears to be eventually headed to the U.S. Supreme Court .	When the bill is signed , Maryland will be the eighth state to allow same-sex marriage Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire signed a law legalizing the unions earlier this month New Jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month , but Gov. Chris Christie vetoed the legislation Neither side in the same-sex marriage debate is declaring victory
North Korea launched three short-range guided missiles into the sea off the Korean Peninsula 's east coast Saturday , South Korea 's semi-official news agency Yonhap cited the South Korean Defense Ministry as saying . The ministry said it had detected two launches in the morning , followed by another in the afternoon , Yonhap reported . The missiles were fired in a northeasterly direction , away from South Korean waters , the ministry said . South Korea has beefed up monitoring on North Korea and is maintaining a high-level of readiness to deal with any risky developments , the ministry added , according to Yonhap . According to the Arms Control Association , a U.S.-based organization , short-range guided missiles are generally classified as those traveling less than 1,000 kilometers  about 620 miles . Tensions in the region have eased in recent days since a fraught period last month that included near daily North Korean threats of war . U.S. and South Korean officials feared at that time that Kim Jong Un 's regime was planning to carry out a test launch of longer-range ballistic missiles , believed to be Musudans . The South Korean government says they have a maximum range of 3,500 kilometers  2,175 miles  . Andrew Salmon , a journalist and author based in the South Korean capital , Seoul , said North Korea 's reported launch of short-range missiles Saturday should not cause the same degree of concern as the launch of a satellite or medium-range Musudan rocket . "  It 's a short-range tactical weapon . If any other country launched this kind of weapon , it 's a routine test , nobody would be too worried . It 's really simply because it 's North Korea doing this that it raises concerns , " he said . The situation is much less tense in the region than it was last month , Salmon said . "  The North Koreans have significantly de-escalated their bellicosity and their rhetoric since the end of April , " he said . "  The South Korean government , I suspect , will not be strongly condemnatory of this test because right now they are very , very keen to get the North Koreans to the negotiating table . " The recent tensions flared after the North 's long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February , both of which were widely condemned . Pyongyang 's fiery rhetoric intensified in March as the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the regime following the nuclear test . Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills in South Korea also fueled the North 's anger , especially when the United States carried out displays of strength that included nuclear-capable B2 stealth bombers . North Korea is demanding recognition as a nuclear power , something the United States refuses to countenance . Last month 's crisis resulted in the closure of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , the last major symbol of inter-Korean cooperation .	Report : The missiles were fired away from South Korean waters North Korea fired three short-range missiles , South Korean Defense Ministry is quoted as saying They were fired into the sea off the Korean Peninsula 's east coast , Yonhap reports Tensions in the region have eased since a peak last month
CNN  -- Growing up in rural North Dakota , about 13 miles from the Canadian border and a 90-minute drive from the nearest McDonald 's , Jessica Metcalfe relied on magazines for her pop culture fix . The young Turtle Mountain Chippewa never saw anyone in the pages of Seventeen who looked like her . But as an adult , she 's working to change that , promoting the work of Native American fashion designers and artists . She began with the 2009 launch of Beyond Buckskin , a blog that highlights Native designers and discusses their place in media and pop culture . Even Metcalfe was surprised by its initial success -- by the size of its audience , the positive feedback , the readers asking , "  Where can I buy that ? " The blog expanded to include an online boutique last year , placing Metcalfe at the center of a growing movement to reclaim what fashion labels "  Native American . " She 's surrounded by a group of passionate Native designers , artists , stylists , photographers and bloggers who have already proven that by raising their voices they can hold companies accountable . Instead of just reacting to controversies , Metcalfe and her cohorts want to promote authentic examples of modern Native fashion . Their work reflects the diversity of North America 's indigenous communities , from the southeastern United States to Canada 's Pacific Northwest , but their message is clear : True Native fashion is more than what 's for sale at Urban Outfitters or Forever 21 . Related : Native Americans fight cultural caricatures When blogger Adrienne Keene of Native Appropriations outed Paul Frank last year for holding a powwow-themed party , the company not only apologized but invited Keene and Metcalfe to speak at an upcoming industry panel on cultural appropriation . The company is also working with Metcalfe to develop collections featuring four Native designers . Whenever a celebrity dons a feather and long braids for a photo shoot , or a fashion brand releases a gaudy collection of "  totem pole print " tracksuits , bloggers like Metcalfe and Keene are slammed with questions about why they 're offensive . Metcalfe says they should be showing better examples -- tasteful , appropriate use of Native iconography , and talented Native designers . It 's the work of Taos designer Patricia Michaels , the first Native American to appear on "  Project Runway ; " the art of Virgil Ortiz , a Cochiti Pueblo artist and designer who collaborated with Donna Karan ; the sexy couture gowns of Bethany Yellowtail and other designers who appeared in the first Beyond Buckskin Lookbook launched earlier this month to spotlight Native-made fashion from couture to street wear . "  Creativity is our tradition and there 's a lot of talent in Indian Country waiting to be exposed , " Metcalfe said . Part of the work is advancing mainstream America 's perception of Native fashion , going beyond headdresses , fringed jackets and , yes , buckskin . On a practical level , it 's about finding places to market and sell Native-made goods , Metcalfe said . The clothing and jewelry is n't only intended for Natives . It 's meant to appeal to wide audiences , even if people do n't know the significance of a pattern or design . "  These are not your stereotypical Native American designs . They 're very contemporary , which is the point : to present new visions of what Native American fashion means , " said Shelby Tisdale , the vice president of curatorial and exhibitions at Los Angeles ' Autry National Center , a Native American history museum . "  They incorporate designs that have a lot of meaning to them , but to the average viewer they might just look like a dragonfly or zigzag lines , and that 's OK . " Metcalfe was a guest curator for a show about Native couture at the Museum of Indian Arts & Culture in Santa Fe , New Mexico , while Tisdale was the museum 's director . Metcalfe was completing her dissertation about modern Native American fashion . "  She 's done a fabulous job of researching Native fashion 's roots , but now she 's taking it into the 21st century , " Tisdale said . "  She 's moved it into the digital age , which not might seem like a big deal , but it 's new and forward thinking for Indian Country . " The work occurs beyond Metcalfe 's website . They 're using fashion shows , pop-up boutiques and speaking engagements to spread their message . In March , Metcalfe was in Las Vegas , Santa Fe and Portland for events promoting Native fashion . Keene joined her for a talk this week , aptly named "  More Than Just Trend , " at Reed College -- one of many stops they make on college campuses . Related : Atlanta Braves reject "  screaming Indian " logo Earlier this year , Metcalfe staged a three-day photo shoot of the latest looks in Native fashion , from couture to street wear , with fashion photographer Anthony Thosh Collins and L.A.-based designer Bethany Yellowtail . The result was the Beyond Buckskin Lookbook , which Metcalfe says is the first compilation of modern Native fashion produced exclusively by Natives . They launched the book in March at the Reservation Economic Summit in Las Vegas , an annual gathering of tribal leaders , state and local elected officials and top CEOs from Indian Country . "  The lookbook is a brilliant indigenous response to the rip-offs being marketed in mainstream media , " said Valerie Taliman , a citizen of the Navajo Nation and West Coast editor of Indian Country Today Media Network , the largest Native-operated media organization in the country . "  Here , you have a collection of 17 Native artists with all Native models , photographers , graphics artists and business management -- the whole package on their intellectual and cultural terms . " So , instead of jewelry that 's all turquoise and silver , metalsmith Kristen Dorsey creates pieces she says honors the aesthetic traditions of the Chickasaw people . She works with copper , using the same relief sculpture techniques as her ancestors . Her signature "  serpent cuffs " resemble reptile scales , referring to a deity from southeastern Native American spirituality . The cuffs are adorned with black freshwater pearls harvested from the Mississippi River watershed , a nod to where her tribe lived before the Trail of Tears . Each cuff starts at $ 700 . "  If you have a family or tribal connection it becomes very personal , " Dorsey said . "  It 's more than making jewelry ; it becomes working for a culture that you want to pass on to future generations . " Then there 's Jamie Okuma , who contributed two skirts and a jacket to the lookbook . She began working with beads and sewing as a child on the La Jolla Luiseno Reservation in California , and at 22 , became the youngest artist to earn best in show at New Mexico 's Santa Fe Market , the largest crafts fair in Indian Country . She makes elaborately beaded high heels , colorful jackets and dresses that evoke the patterns of the Luise  o and Shoshone-Bannock . "  Clothing is wearable art and I want to use my skills to create something beautiful that reflects the cultural heritage of my tribe , " Okuma said . Okuma said anyone who wants to interpret Native patterns and motifs should be allowed to do so , but they should do it in a respectful way . "  As long as they understand the importance of the symbols or patterns being utilized and they do so in a tasteful way , why not ? " Okuma said . Still , on major store shelves , Native fashion is still most likely to be "  Navajo-inspired " prints , feathered headdresses or fake turquoise jewelry . The lookbook represents authentic , modern Native imagery , designer and co-creator Bethany Yellowtail said . "  It 's disheartening to see Native American fashion as cheap knockoffs , " Yellowtail said . "  To change that , we have to be the voice for what Native American fashion is , instead of just complaining about it . " Growing up on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation , Yellowtail 's aunties taught her how to bead and make shawls in the tradition of her people , the Crow and Cheyenne who share the vast tribal territory . Thanks to a high school teacher who encouraged Yellowtail and helped her find a design school , she moved to California , where she broke into a career as a pattern maker . Five years after arriving in Los Angeles , she now divides her creative efforts between a full-time job designing for mass market retail brands and her own line , which is inspired by her love for Native culture and high-end couture , she said . Yellowtail wants to inspire other Natives to follow their passion and show the rest of the world that Native Americans are a thriving , modern people that have plenty to contribute , especially in the fashion world . "  When I was in high school I never imagined that I could be a mover and shaker in the fashion industry as a Native woman , " she said . "  But now that I 'm a part of the industry , there 's this window of opportunity for me to be a voice for our communities . " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	New generation of designers create authentic examples of modern Native fashion Beyond Buckskin blog is at heart of movement to promote Native fashion First Beyond Buckskin look book features 17 designers and artists from Indian Country Editor : Look book is a "  indigenous response to the rip-offs being marketed in mainstream media "
Aaron Swartz helped create the Internet . Maybe not the Internet foundations of ARPANET and TCP/IP and Mosaic , the codes and packets and standards on which the whole thing is based . But he was a factor in fashioning some of the Web 's upper floors . With his contributions to RSS coding and the Web application framework , Swartz made some of today 's more expansive Internet possible . But what Swartz also helped create was a philosophy of the Internet , one that remains the subject of great controversy almost 20 years into its life : the libertarian idea that information wants to be free . "  Aaron was a genius , " said Christopher Soghoian , principal technologist and a senior policy analyst at the ACLU . "  He was a technologist who was committed to open access to information , and committed to bringing about the changes he believed in . " "  Aaron was an embodiment of the Web , and a contributor to many of the aspects that made it great , " said Matt Mullenweg , who founded the blogging platform WordPress , in a statement . "  When I was young and getting into technology Aaron was even younger and literally setting the standards for the Web with contributions to RSS 1.0 and Creative Commons . He inspired a generation to share online , to move to  San Francisco  , to not be afraid to start things , and to break down barriers . " Swartz died Friday of an apparent suicide in his apartment in Brooklyn , New York . He was 26 . Although Swartz 's life was not without controversy -- he faced federal charges that he illegally downloaded millions of scholarly papers from MIT -- his death has been met with an outpouring of tributes and grief . A Tumblr page was set up for people to express their thoughts and condolences . Friends and commenters there described him as "  inspiring , " "  enthusiastic , " "  a hero , " "  shy , " "  a great technologist " -- a bright , inquisitive , creative , challenging personality who deeply affected those he touched . Opinion : Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz "  Such a brilliant , disciplined , well-spoken guy with a great sense of humor , who probably knew as much about ` Star Wars ' mythology and trivia as he did about programming computers , " wrote a member of Chicago Force , a "  Star Wars " fan club , noting the shock of club members in 1999 when they met with the budding Web developer and discovered he was just 12 years old . "  Let his life be an inspiration to us all to keep fighting , to keep building a better world , where free expression and open standards become the norm for everyone , " added Jan Zuppinger , who described himself as an "  Internet Freedom Activist . " "  World wanderers , we have lost a wise elder . Hackers for right , we are one down , " said World Wide Web creator Tim Berners-Lee in a tweet . ' I want something new , something worthwhile , something better ' Swartz was apparently committed to such activism from an early age . He was born in Chicago , the son of a software company founder , and showed both intellect and restlessness at an early age . "  My name is Aaron Swartz , " he wrote on a blog when he was a teenager , according to an entry on the Tumblr .  The actual blog post appears to be unavailable .  "  I 'm a 9th grader at the North Shore Country Day School . In the summer of 2000 , I finally realized that school was n't working . I decided to do something about it . ... I 'm tired of outdated teaching practices where the students do n't learn anything . I 'm tired of constantly being prepared for more preparation . I want something new , something worthwhile , something better . " He would have been 13 at the time . Swartz never really gravitated to old-fashioned schooling ; after his blog note , he mainly studied at home . He enrolled at Stanford in 2004 but only stayed a year , saying he did n't find "  a very intellectual atmosphere " on the campus at the edge of Silicon Valley . He later became a fellow at Harvard University 's Ethics Center Lab on Institutional Corruption . Swartz was a prodigy . By the time he was 14 , he had co-written the specification for RSS -- originally Rich Site Summary , now Really Simple Syndication -- a Web-publishing technology for delivering syndicated content from frequently updated sites , such as blogs or news websites . RSS allows Web consumers to receive the latest stories on a feed without having to constantly revisit their favorite pages . If you subscribe to a podcast -- or receive automatic updates from CNN.com -- you have Swartz to thank . After leaving Stanford he created Infogami , which was later merged with Reddit , the freewheeling social-news site where users vote their favorite stories onto the main page . Reddit , which was purchased by Conde Nast in 2006 , has come under fire for its anything-goes ethos . One popular Reddit moderator , who went by the name Violentacrez , was known for starting Reddit pages devoted to underage girls and violent fantasies . When his identity became known via a Gawker article , he was fired from his job . Swartz was long gone from Reddit by then -- he was let go just after the Conde Nast purchase -- but believed in the ethos of the site and the open Internet in general . "  He  engineered his own dismissal and got cashed out , and then became a full-time , uncompromising , reckless and delightful s *** - disturber , " wrote BoingBoing 's Cory Doctorow , a friend of Swartz 's , in a tribute . One of Swartz 's desires was to make public information truly public -- that is , free and easily available . There 's a government-run system , PACER , that allows the public to access court records online . However , PACER charged a fee for accessing this public-domain information . As Doctorow observed , Swartz "  singlehandedly liberated 20 % of U.S. law " by moving the information onto a public site , spending "  a small fortune " of his own money doing so . Later , Swartz founded Demand Progress , a group devoted to Internet activism . For all his success with programming , it 's in this arena that he had the most impact , said Soghoian . Demand Progress was instrumental in fighting the Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP Act , two bills that would have expanded government oversight in fighting Internet piracy and copyright violations at the possible expense of the free flow of information . "  He really , really believed that public information should be free and accessible to everyone , " said Soghoian . Suicide sparks talk about depression ` This was not serious computer hacking ' By the time SOPA and PIPA were shot down last year , Swartz had become entangled in another legal thicket surrounding free access to online data . According to federal prosecutors , Swartz used MIT 's computer networks to download more than 4 million articles from JSTOR , a digital library of academic journals , in 2010 and 2011 . He was charged with wire fraud , computer fraud and other crimes , even though JSTOR declined to prosecute and urged the government to drop the case . "  What Aaron was accused of by the government  was  essentially a serious form of computer hacking , " said Soghoian . If found guilty , Swartz could have been sentenced to up to 35 years in jail and a $ 1 million fine . Soghoian was one of many observers surprised at the severity of the charges . "  These are the kinds of things you 'd assume the government would use in a serious hacking case -- identity theft , millions of credit card numbers stolen , hacking into protected government databases or corporate networks , " he said . "  Aaron was accused of downloading too many articles from a website that anyone connected to the MIT network could log into . "  This was not serious computer hacking and the government did n't appear to differentiate between those kinds of activities . " Prosecutors saw it differently . When Swartz was indicted in July 2011 , U.S. Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz said , "  Stealing is stealing whether you use a computer command or a crowbar , and whether you take documents , data or dollars . It is equally harmful to the victim whether you sell what you have stolen or give it away . " In the wake of Swartz 's death , critics have been quick to cast blame . Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig , an outspoken writer on Internet issues , titled a blog post "  Prosecutor as bully . " "  From the beginning the government worked as hard as it could to characterize what Aaron did in the most extreme and absurd way , " he wrote . "  Somehow , we need to get beyond the ` I 'm right so I 'm right to nuke you ' ethics that dominates our time . That begins with one word : Shame . " Swartz 's family was equally pointed . "  Aaron 's death is not simply a personal tragedy . It is the product of a criminal justice system rife with intimidation and prosecutorial overreach . Decisions made by officials in the Massachusetts U.S. Attorney 's office and at MIT contributed to his death , " they said in a statement . Christina DiIorio-Sterling , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Justice , declined to comment to CNN on Swartz 's case , citing respect for his family . Soghoian , the ACLU 's analyst , said he sees Swartz 's death as a great loss . Swartz could have made a fortune as a start-up wizard or venture capitalist but instead he plowed what money he made into his activism , he said . "  Aaron is seen as a hero . He spent a lot of time working to make the Internet a more open place , " Soghoian said . "  We lost a really important person who changed the Internet in a positive way , and we all lose out by his departure . "	Aaron Swartz , young Internet innovator , committed suicide Friday Swartz helped create RSS , founded company that later merged with Reddit Analyst : Swartz 's biggest impact may have been his activism for Web openness "  We lost a really important person , " Christopher Soghoian says
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Opposition leader Chokri Belaid routinely received death threats for his outspoken criticism of Tunisia 's Islamist-led government . He talked about the bullying on his frequent television appearances but said he did n't fear for his life . But on Wednesday morning , a gunman shot and killed Belaid in front of his home as he was leaving for work , according to an eyewitness . Belaid 's political allies and even his Islamist opponents are decrying the murder as an assassination , sparking new protests in the cradle of the "  Arab Spring . " Tunisia 's president : ` The extremists are a minority of a minority ' The killing of Belaid , 48 , has shocked the nation . Police had fired on protesters , killing some of them , during the December 2010-January 2011 revolt that drove the country 's longtime strongman into exile . But the targeted slaying of a politician crossed a new line . Video showed outraged protesters filling the Avenue Habib Bourguiba in Tunis and pouring into the streets of other Tunisian cities . Some of them revived the iconic slogan of their revolution , crying : "  The people want to topple the regime . " Read more : Who will win battle for the new Tunisia ? Angry clashes broke out in front of Tunisia 's Interior Ministry , where police used tear gas to disperse the protesters . Sympathizers not interested in politics also turned out to mourn the popular public figure and express their shock about the violence that has marred the country 's heated -- but otherwise previously peaceful -- public debate . Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali , himself an Islamist and head of the moderate religious party Ennahda , quickly condemned the bloodletting on state television . By Wednesday night , Jebali had sacked his Cabinet and called for new elections , leaving himself at the head of a caretaker government . "  Belaid was killed , but the real target behind the assassination is the Tunisian revolution as a whole , "  Jebali said of his political adversary . "  He represented the true values of dialogue , respecting and embracing others in rejecting violence . This is a political assassination . " Inside a dictator 's palace : Fake diplomas , sports cars , stuffed leopard But his expression of indignation did not stop angry protesters from storming Ennhada offices . Belaid 's brother , Abdelmajid Belaid , blamed Jebali 's Ennhada party for the killing . Belaid 's death was "  a clear message to Tunisians ... shut up , or we kill you , " Abdelmajid Belaid said . He said his brother "  has been been receiving threats of murder for a long time , " including a text message Tuesday . And Chokri 's widow , Basma , told Tunisian state TV : "  We are damned . The political struggle is damned in Tunisia . Chokri Belaid sacrificed his soul . " Belaid 's support went beyond his own party , the secular-leftist Democratic Patriots . He was the voice of a large coalition of secular opposition parties known as the Popular Front and had a reputation for decrying violence . Interior Minister Ali al-Areed vowed to track down the killers and joined the chorus of moral indignation , calling Belaid 's killing "  an attack on all Tunisians . " At the same time , he asked that protests remain peaceful : "  We do not want the country to fall into chaos , " he said on Tunisian state TV . Read more : How a fruit seller caused revolution in Tunisia French President Francois Hollande also condemned the assassination , saying Belaid 's murder deprived Tunisia "  of one of its most courageous and free voices . " Belaid had fought throughout his public life for liberty , tolerance and respect for human rights , Hollande said , with the deeply held conviction that dialogue and democracy must be at the heart of the new Tunisia . Hollande said France , Tunisia 's onetime colonial ruler , is concerned about the increase in political violence . He urged respect for the ideals that drove the country 's revolution . And in Washington , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland called for Tunisia 's government "  to conduct a fair , transparent and professional investigation " of Belaid 's killing . "  It 's also important to note that a broad base of Tunisian political parties and actors have also condemned this violent act , " Nuland said . "  There is no justification for an outrageous and cowardly act of violence such as this . There is no place in the new Tunisia for violence . " One of Belaid 's neighbors heard the first shot discharge in the quiet Tunis suburb of Menzah 6 . He looked out of his apartment to see a gunman fire two more shots at close range . At least one bullet hit Belaid squarely in the chest , said Dr. Hedi Tebourbi . The physician felt certain he must have died right away . A man waited close by on a motorbike for the gunman to hop on , Tebourbi said . They sped away from the scene . An ambulance took Belaid to a nearby hospital , where doctors pronounced him dead . Journalist Houda Zaghdoudi reported from Tunis . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta , and Laura Smith-Spark from London .	NEW : Tunisia 's prime minister sacks Cabinet , calls new elections NEW : Opposition leader 's killing tells Tunisians , "  Shut up or we kill you , " brother says Chokri Belaid was shot to death on his way to work Wednesday morning Police fire tear gas in clashes with protesters angered by the killing
EW.com  -- For the second summer in a row , "  Big Brother " will premiere in June and July to help kick off 90 hours of first-run programming through August . "  BB " will bow on June 25 with the first eviction occurring July 3 . As usual , the show will air three times a week . Emmys to split some awards categories , increase number of nominees Starting June 29 , CBS will air a three-hour block of original programming with "  BB , " followed by the new legal drama "  Reckless " and a third season of "  Unforgettable . " "  Under the Dome " will return on June 30 . ` How I Met Your Mother ' star nabs female lead in CBS pilot The new Halle Berry drama "  Extant "  $ " which was originally scheduled to bow July 2  $ " will now premiere on July 9 . Here 's the entire summer schedule : Wednesday , effective June 25 8:00 -9:00 PM BIG BROTHER  Wednesday Premiere 9:00 -10:00 PM CRIMINAL MINDS 10:00 -11:00 PM CSI : CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATION Thursday , effective June 26 8:00 -8:30 PM THE BIG BANG THEORY 8:30 -9:00 PM THE MILLERS 9:00 -10:00 PM BIG BROTHER  Thursday Premiere 10:00 -11:00 PM ELEMENTARY Sunday , effective June 29 7:00 -8:00 PM 60 MINUTES 8:00 -9:00 PM BIG BROTHER  Sunday Premiere 9:00 -10:00 PM RECKLESS  Series Premiere 10:00 -11:00 PM UNFORGETTABLE  Third Season Premiere Monday , effective June 30 8:00 -8:30 PM 2 BROKE GIRLS 8:30 -9:00 PM FRIENDS WITH BETTER LIVES 9:00 -9:30 PM MIKE & MOLLY 9:30 -10:00 PM MOM 10:00 -11:00 PM UNDER THE DOME  Second Season Premiere Wednesday , effective July 9 8:00 -9:00 PM BIG BROTHER 9:00 -10:00 PM EXTANT  * Series Premiere 10:00 -11:00 PM CRIMINAL MINDS See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Big Brother " will premiere on CBS in June and July It 'll bow on June 25 with the first eviction occurring July 3 "  Under the Dome " will return on June 30
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese authorities trying to stave off meltdowns at an earthquake-damaged nuclear power plant reported more grim news Tuesday as radiation levels soared following another explosion at an overheating reactor . The risk of further releases of radioactive material from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant remains "  very high , " Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said Tuesday . In addition to an explosion at the No. 2 reactor , the building housing the No. 4 unit -- which had been shut down before Friday 's earthquake -- was burning Tuesday morning , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano announced . The plant 's owners , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , evacuated all but about 50 of their workers from the plant following Tuesday 's explosion at the No. 2 reactor . Radiation levels at the plant have increased to "  levels that can impact human health , " Edano said -- between 100 and 400 millisieverts , or as much as 160 times higher than the average dose of radiation a typical person receives from natural sources in a year . Evacuations have already been ordered for anyone living within 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  of the plant , and Edano said anyone between 20 and 30 kilometers  between 12.5-18 .6 miles  should remain indoors . At least 500 residents were believed to have remained within the 20-kilometer radius Monday evening , Edano said . Edano spoke more than four hours after an explosion at the No. 2 reactor , the third blast in four days . The cooling system at that unit was damaged by a hydrogen explosion at the No. 3 unit on Monday , and workers had been attempting to keep temperatures at unit 2 in check by pumping seawater into the reactor ever since . The "  explosive impact " took place shortly after 6 a.m. Tuesday  5 p.m. Monday ET  , TEPCO said . Pressure readings indicated some damage to the No. 2 reactor 's suppression pool , a donut-shaped reservoir at the base of the reactor containment vessel . "  We are continuing the water injection into the pressure vessels , but the operators who are not directly engaged in this operation are being evacuated to safer locations , " a TEPCO executive told reporters at a news conference Tuesday morning . Monday 's hydrogen explosion at reactor No. 3 injured 11 people , Japanese authorities said . A similar hydrogen explosion on Saturday blew the roof off the containment structure around the No. 1 reactor and hurt four people . Edano said earlier that he could not rule out the possibility of a meltdown at all three troubled reactors at the plant . The buildup of hydrogen in the reactor vessels is "  the first sign that things are going haywire , " said Kenneth Bergeron , a physicist who used to work at the Energy Department 's Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico . The release of radioactive material such as cesium , a reactor byproduct that has been detected outside the Fukushima Daiichi plant , is another , he said . "  What is fairly clear , from the release of hydrogen and the fission products , is that all of these reactors have probably had fuel rods exposed for significant periods of time over a portion of their length , " Bergeron told CNN . Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said Tuesday that up to 2.7 meters  8.8 feet  of the No. 2 reactor 's control rods -- about half -- have been uncovered . Authorities began pumping a mix of sea water and boron into the No. 2 reactor after Monday 's explosion , as they have been doing with units 1 and 3 . But the pump ran low on fuel when workers left it unattended , and the water soon burned off and exposed the reactor 's fuel rods , allowing them to emit levels of heat and steam that can melt the reactor 's core . When that problem was resolved , Edano said , a new problem sent the water levels plummeting again . A valve that was supposed to be open to allow the heat and steam to escape was closed , causing pressure to build up inside the reactor building , according to TEPCO . But pumping had resumed by early Tuesday , Edano said . If the effort to cool the nuclear fuel inside the reactor fails completely -- a scenario that experts who have spoken to CNN say is unlikely -- the resulting release of radiation could cause enormous damage to the plant , and possibly release radiation into the atmosphere or water . That could lead to widespread cancer and other health problems , experts say . But Bergeron said that while it is likely the reactor cores have been damaged , "  it will have to get a lot hotter " for the dense uranium in the reactor 's fuel rods to melt down . That would give authorities and the surrounding population time to prepare . "  I believe they would be able to tell from various signals having to do with release of radioactivity and other things that things were a lost cause , you might say , and they might start initiating additional evacuations , " Bergeron said . "  There would be warning , but we 're talking massive , massive responses required , " he added . About 200,000 people have evacuated the area following a government order over the weekend . And low levels of radiation were detected at least as far as 100 miles  about 160 kilometers  northeast of the plant , according to the U.S. Navy , which repositioned ships and planes after detecting low-level "  airborne radioactivity . " Tests also detected low levels of radioactivity on 17 U.S. Navy helicopter crew members when they returned to the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan , but no further contamination was detected after the crew members washed with soap and water , the Navy said . The Navy said the maximum potential radiation dose received by any ship personnel when it passed through the area was "  less than the radiation exposure received from about one month of exposure to natural background radiation from sources such as rocks , soil , and the sun . " The United States has sent a team of 10 experts from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , including two cooling experts , to assist the Japanese , the NRC announced Monday night . Two were sent Saturday , and the rest left Monday , the agency reported . NRC Chairman Greg Jaczko said Japan has asked for additional types of equipment that will help provide water and keep the reactors cool . But based on the reactor design and nature of the accident , there is very low probability of any harmful radiation levels reaching the United Sates , including Hawaii and U.S. Pacific territories , Jaczko said . CNN 's Stan Grant , Steven Jiang , and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	NEW : Dangerous levels of radiation reported at Fukushima Daiichi NEW : No. 4 reactor is burning after explosions at units 1-3 A new explosion hits the No. 2 reactor Tuesday morning A Monday explosion at reactor No. 3 injured 11 workers
Washington  CNN  -- They are already lining up outside the U.S. Supreme Court for public seating at next week 's oral arguments on same-sex marriage . People arrived on Thursday night when temperatures in the capital dipped into the 30s and had grown to about a half-dozen people by Friday afternoon . Those assembled at the base of the high court plaza were bundled in heavy coats and sitting in portable chairs . Groups will be allowed into the Supreme Court starting on Tuesday ahead of 10 a.m. ET arguments on California 's voter-approved ban on gay marriage known as Proposition 8 . A separate challenge to the federal law known as the Defense of Marriage Act will be argued Wednesday . There are about 250 seats for the general public for each . High-profile cases typically attract lines early on . Some are spectators , while others are place-holders for big law firms or advocacy groups . Last year , spectators also lined up the weekend before the Supreme Court heard arguments on the health care reform law . Two lines eventually form out front of the court 's marble exterior , one for those who want to watch an entire argument and the other for those seeking a glimpse of the proceedings .	Arguments in two appeals set for next week in Washington A few people arrived Thursday night to stand in line for public seating The biggest cases attract people well in advance of arguments Some lining up will hold places for big law firms , advocacy groups
Why is Vladimir Putin scared of 24-year-old Nadya Tolokonnikova ? What have his people done to her ? Why wo n't they let her family contact her ? Nadezhda  Nadya  Tolokonnikova , the Russian artist and activist who leads the provocatively named punk rock band Pussy Riot , was thrown into a car by Russian prison authorities three weeks ago , according to Amnesty International . After an international campaign , including an Amnesty International petition , the office of the Russian ombudsman now says that authorities have confirmed suspicions that she is on her way to a prison camp in Siberia , thousands of miles away from her husband and her small daughter , with an Orwellian claim that the move aims to "  promote her resocialization . " Tolokonnikova and Pussy Riot became a thorn in Putin 's side with their performance pieces , when they wore the colorful face-covering balaclavas that became their trademark , and launched into routines that were clearly meant to outrage . Their work had a cutting political message . Imprisoned Pussy Riot band member transferred to another prison She and her band , you may remember , got into serious legal trouble early last year after they staged a flash-mob style performance of their "  Punk Prayer " at Moscow 's main Russian Orthodox cathedral , chanting "  Virgin Mary , mother of God , put Putin away . " It was a protest against the church 's support for Putin 's increasingly controversial rule . The video quickly had millions of viewings . Within days , the performers were arrested and charged with "  hooliganism motivated by religious hatred . " Tolokonnikova , along with her Pussy Riot colleague Maria Alyokhina , was sentenced to two years in prison . She is scheduled to be released in March , but experience has shown that in Russia , the government can find ways to delay a prisoner 's release practically forever , if that is what it chooses . Just ask Mikhail Khodorkovsky , the once-wealthy businessman who became a Putin critic . While he was already imprisoned in Siberia , the government brought new charges against him , piling more years to his incarceration . As with Khodorkovsky , Putin 's Russia has turned Tolokonnikova into a symbol of state repression and proof that the government can not tolerate dissent or criticism . Every day she is out of sight , the Russian government looks more frightened of its own people , more eager to suppress freedom of expression and more comfortable violating human rights . That is definitely not a good look for a country preparing to host the world in the Winter Olympics . Clearly , the tactics of Tolokonnikova 's Pussy Riot are not to everyone 's taste . Some find them deeply offensive . But the state 's ferocious response to the actions of a group of young activists was hardly warranted by the scale of their transgressions . Authorities started by holding them without bail and compiling an indictment that ran almost 3,000 pages . Their lawyers were given two days to review the material , prompting the defendants to go on hunger strike to protest the unfairness of the proceedings . Tolokonnikova is a political prisoner . And now , in the worst tradition of Soviet Russia , Tolokonnikova , a musician , wife and mother , has been thrown into Russia 's Gulag system . The timing of Tolokonnikova 's disappearance helps explain its motivation . The government is punishing her and her family and trying to intimidate her because , incredibly , even in prison she has not stopped pointing out the excesses of the regime . On September 23 , she went on a hunger strike to protest the brutal conditions experienced by her and her fellow prisoners at the infamous women 's prison camp in Mordovia . Before she started her hunger strike , she wrote a letter explaining the reasons for her protest . "  When they send you off to Mordovia , " she wrote , "  it is as though you 're headed to the scaffold . " She described the sadistic punishments , the unceasing slave labor ; the horrors of daily life . She told the story of a woman who was beaten to death in the third unit , "  the third , " she explained , "  is the pressure unit where they put prisoners that need to undergo daily beatings . " The women , she said , work 17 hours a day with four hours of sleep and a day off every month and a half . The administration views the prisoners as free labor for the mass manufacturing of police uniforms , she noted , asking pointedly , "  Where does the money they get for them go ? " Even from prison Tolokonnikova was able to rattle the system . Her critique of the prison system made waves , even as her health declined . After 10 days on hunger strike she was transferred to the prison hospital . When she stopped the strike , expecting to be moved to a more humane prison , she was returned to the same labor camp and she restarted her hunger strike . Then she vanished . In Russia 's dismal prison system , the family 's material and psychological support can make the difference between life and death . But while a prisoner is being transferred , the government has no responsibility to inform relatives of their whereabouts . Prison authorities say Tolokonnikova is in transit , on her way to a new facility . Her husband , Peter Verzilov , says he had good reason to believe his wife is being sent to a prison colony deep inside Siberia , probably the worst place on Earth to spend the winter . B There is reason to fear for her health , after her lengthy hunger strike , and to worry about how she is being treated by correctional authorities . The country 's human rights ombudsman , Vladimir Lukin , says he has been told by prison officials that she is in "  satisfactory " health , in transit to a new prison . By its vindictive treatment of Nadya Tolokonnikova and its efforts to frighten her into submission , the Russian government is turning someone who would have been a fairly obscure activist into a major international figure , and in the process it is shining a light on the very abuses to which she wants to draw attention . This may be ultimately good for the Russian people , but it is exceedingly dangerous for Tolokonnikova . Russia is a place where government critics have faced mysterious and tragic endings . It is not a moment too soon for the Putin government to show Tolokonnikova , to show it is treating her humanely , and to make good on its word to release her as soon as her current sentence expires .	Frida Ghitis : Nadya Tolokonnikova , jailed Pussy Riot activist , has vanished Amnesty says she was taken from prison in car ; family does n't know where she is , she says Ghitis : Her band , and Putin regime 's crackdown on it , shone light on Russia 's repression Ghitis : It 's feared she 's in Siberia , her health at risk . Russia making her an icon
CNN  -- St. Louis Cardinals struck first in baseball 's World Series on Wednesday , beating Texas Rangers 3-2 in game one courtesy of a pinch-hit from substitute batter Allen Craig . The Cardinals , searching for their 11th success in Major League Baseball 's seven-game championship series , owed much to five relief pitchers who yielded just one hit to the Rangers in three innings after taking the lead . "  I do n't know what everyone else has been thinking about our team , " Craig , who came in for starting pitcher Chris Carpenter , told the MLB website . "  But we know what we can do . We 've just got to come out and keep doing it . " Carpenter lasted six innings before being pulled for Craig , despite concerns over an elbow injury . Third baseman David Freese scored the decisive run on a cold night at Busch Stadium after outfielder Craig hit a single in the bottom of the sixth innings off Rangers relief pitcher Alexi Ogando . "  When you get in the postseason , you have to win games in so many ways , " Freese said after Tony La Russa 's St. Louis secured a 31st win in 44 games . "  Not every game is going to be the same . Teams that win 90 , 95 , 100 games , they win ballgames different ways the entire year . " Rangers ' starting pitcher C.J. Wilson was critical of his own form , after extending a run which has seen him lose the MLB All Star Game , game one of the American League division series and now the opener of the Fall Classic . "  It stinks . It stinks , " the 30-year-old said . "  I 'm here to win . I 'm not here to lose . I 'm not here to give up runs . I do n't work all year to have these negative press conferences afterwards . " St. Louis broke the deadlock of the World Series ' 107th edition at the bottom of the fourth inning when Lance Berkman batted in Albert Pujols and Matt Holliday . Texas leveled at the top of the fifth with a two-run homer from catcher Mike Napoli , but Freese came home for the victory when outfielder Nelson Cruz could not gather Craig 's slice . History is against the Rangers , who are searching for their first World Series success , with the last 10 winning teams in game one going on to clinch baseball 's biggest prize . Game two will take place in St. Louis on Thursday , before the series moves to Rangers Ballpark in Arlington on Saturday .	St. Louis Cardinals beat Texas Rangers 3-2 in game one of the World Series A pinch-hit from Allen Craig secures win for Tony La Russa 's team Cardinals ' relief pitchers yield just one hit in final three innings after taking the lead Game two is on Thursday at the Cardinals ' Busch Stadium
London  CNN  The condition of a UK nurse infected with Ebola has improved , and she is no longer critically ill , the London hospital where she is being treated said Monday . On December 29 , Pauline Cafferkey , 39 , of Glasgow , Scotland , became the first person to be diagnosed with the virus on UK soil shortly after returning from Sierra Leone . On January 3 , London 's Royal Free Hospital said Cafferkey 's condition had deteriorated to critical . But in a statement Monday , the hospital updated her condition . "  The Royal Free Hospital is pleased to announce that Pauline Cafferkey is showing signs of improvement and is no longer critically ill , " it said . "  She remains in isolation as she receives specialist care for the Ebola virus . " On December 31 , the hospital said Cafferkey had decided to have a blood plasma treatment -- using plasma from Ebola survivors -- and to take an experimental antiviral drug . The Royal Free is equipped with a high-level isolation unit , where access is restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent with controlled ventilation covers the patient 's bed . Cafferkey had been working at Save the Children 's Kerry Town Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone for six weeks before she returned to Glasgow via Casablanca and London Heathrow airports . Last week , Save the Children said it was "  doing everything possible " to establish how Cafferkey contracted Ebola and had been conducting a review since she was confirmed as having the virus .	A UK nurse infected with Ebola has improved and is no longer critically ill , hospital says Pauline Cafferkey , 39 , is the first person to have been diagnosed with Ebola on UK soil She contracted the virus after working in Sierra Leone and became ill after returning to Britain
CNN  -- Cosmetics are a part of the daily grooming regimen for women across the country , but now consumer advocates say your favorite lipstick or mascara may be harmful to your health . "  There 's lead acetate in hair dyes , lead in lipsticks , formaldehyde and 1 , 4-dioxane in baby shampoos and other shampoos , " said Lisa Archer , co-founder and former director of the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics and current director for the environmental group Friends of the Earth . Health-care giant Johnson & Johnson pledged in August of 2012 to remove trace amounts of carcinogens and other potentially toxic chemicals from its toiletries and cosmetics by the year 2015 . The company had previously pledged to remove such ingredients in baby products by the end of 2012 . According to the federal laws enforced by the Food and Drug Administration , cosmetics companies are responsible for ensuring the safety of their products . Unless there is a color additive , the FDA does not require ingredients in beauty aids to be approved before going on the market . Regulation dates back to 1938 and has seen minor changes over the years . The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics is working with U.S. representatives to support the Safe Cosmetics Act of 2011 . The organization was also a driving force behind Johnson & Johnson 's monumental announcement . In a statement to CNN , Johnson & Johnson said , "  Nothing is more important to us than the peace of mind of people using our products , that 's why on August 15th , we made a global commitment to remove a number of commonly used ingredients from our baby and beauty consumer products . " The company created a website where consumers can view its policies and procedures on its ingredients and safety measures . Johnson & Johnson also stated that despite the change , the company believes the products it currently sells are safe . "  What matters most is n't what we think . It 's what our customers think . That 's why we decided to take the unprecedented step of removing or reducing ingredients that , at their present levels , are safe by scientific standards and considered safe by key regulators around the world , including the EU , the U.S. and China , " said the company in its statement to CNN . Archer disagrees . "  It 's really important for consumers to know that small doses can add up to harm and the timing of the dose of the toxic chemicals really matters as well , " she said . The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics ' website offers resources for consumers to research what is in their products . The site also lists what the organization calls "  chemicals of concern . " For Nakia Evans , an Atlanta medical assistant who has suffered with breakouts and skin irritation for years , the discovery was an epiphany . "  We want to look great on the outside , but we also have to educate ourselves when we 're applying makeup about what we 're doing not only to our skin , but internally , " she said . Evans has since discovered natural and organic skin care products such as LAMIK Beauty . "  We are paraben free , we are talc free and we are free of those things because we feel that you should not have to sacrifice your health for beauty , " said Kim Roxie , creative director of LAMIK Beauty . In 2010 , the company was a finalist for HBA Global 's International Package Design Awards for its green packaging . HBA Global is a product development source for the beauty and personal care industry . "  It 's really about educating the consumer and making them more aware , " Roxie said . Meanwhile , Evans said her new discovery means a new way of thinking for her and no more breakouts . "  It actually helped my skin , so I would recommend that you research what you 're putting on your skin , " she said . Archer said she hopes other multinational companies follow Johnson & Johnson 's lead by removing the potentially toxic chemicals from their products , but she also advises consumers to continue to do their homework . "  We encourage buyers to beware and do your research , " she said . "  Because it 's the wild wild West and nobody is actually monitoring that aisle in the store . "	The FDA does n't have to approve most beauty aids before they go on the market Safe Cosmetics Act of 2011 seeks to remove harmful ingredients from products The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics is working with Congress to support the bill Johnson & Johnson pledged this year to remove potential toxins from its toiletries
CNN  -- "  I knew America would be like the movies I 'd seen , " says Zoltan Mesko . Born in Romania , and the survivor of a bloody revolution , the New England Patriots star 's story could have a Hollywood ending at Sunday 's Super Bowl . It has been a long road to Indianapolis for the Patriots and the New York Giants , but no other player lining up at the Lucas Oil Stadium has been on a journey quite like Mesko 's . Born in Timisoara , a city with a population of just over 300,000 , his early life was spent under the communist rule of Nicolae Ceausescu -- the former head of state who was overthrown and executed following the uprising of December 1989 . "  I grew up in communism until I was three and a half years old , lived through a revolution , while bullets were flying through our apartment on Christmas Eve , " Mesko , now 25 , told reporters in Indianapolis , which is hosting the NFL 's showpiece for the first time . Though Ceausescu 's 22-year reign finally ended , the East European nation 's problems were far from over . "  Hyperinflation set in so we could n't buy anything with our money even though my parents were engineers , " Mesko explained . "  They were earning the equivalent of $ 100 a month , each . " In a bid to solve their financial problems , Mesko 's father secretly hatched a plot to relocate his family to the United States . "  My dad , kind of behind our backs , applied for a green card lottery in late 1996 , " he said . "  We got the answer that we were one of 55,000 families in the world to be chosen to come over to America . " Mesko arrived in New York City as a foreigner and unable to speak the language , but said he had no trouble adapting . "  Being 11 years old , you 're a sponge -- within the summer I had picked up the language , " he said . "  Was I picked on ? No , I think I was accepted very well . Not even because I was in New York City , but because America accepts a lot of people . " After a decade in the U.S. Mesko is now fully schooled in American culture . He played college football in Michigan , going to the Rose Bowl five years ago , and has been in the NFL since 2010 . "  We 're proud Americans now , " Mesko said of his family . "  We celebrate every tradition there is . " His family will take part in the one of the great American pastimes when they sit down to watching Sunday 's big game , a repeat of the 2007 championship which the Giants won 17-14 . The Meskos will be hoping that the 46th Super Bowl ends with their child of the revolution getting his hands on the Vince Lombardi trophy .	Zoltan Mesko is the Romania-born punter for the New England Patriots He was born under the communist regime of former head of state Nicolae Ceausescu The 25-year-old moved to the U.S. at the age of 11 , unable to speak English Mesko says he and his family are "  proud Americans now "
TIANJIN , China  CNN  -- Mao Zedong once said , "  He who has not climbed the Great Wall is not a true man . " Participants in the Great Wall Marathon look over the not-so-typical course to run on May 17 . Mao likely never anticipated the scene on May 17 , when more than 1,600 athletes from 49 countries not only climbed but ran The Great Wall of China Marathon . The race was held for a ninth year in Tianjin , a rural province three hours outside Beijing . "  For most people just seeing the Great Wall of China is a big deal , " explained Cliff Jennings , an agent for Marathon Tours , a Boston-based adventure-running company . "  But , for a few hours one day a year , people can actually run over 2,000 years of history on a portion of the Great Wall . " Revered as one of the most challenging marathons in the world , runners clambered over thousands of steps , varying in length and size , to complete the course . In addition to the marathon , participants also had the option to run a half marathon , 10K , or 5K . Far from the pollution in Beijing over which the Olympic marathon runners are fretting , these runners enjoyed a mild smog-free day . The event 's diverse participants span the globe and represent generations , with ages ranging from 14 to 85 . Margaret Hagerty , who at 85 competed in the 10K race , now holds the record for the oldest woman to ever run the wall . Hagerty is already a 2007 Guinness Book World Record holder for the oldest woman to run a marathon on seven continents , including Antarctica . "  I 've run over 80 marathons across the world but climbing all those steps for the 10K race on the Great Wall was the hardest thing I have ever done , " Hagerty , a North Carolina native , admitted . She began her running career at 64 after she went to a clinic to quit smoking . "  The Doctor told me to stop smoking and start moving , " Hagerty said . When asked why she chose to run the Great Wall she replied , "  Why not ? " Despite the difficulty of the course , runners such as Terry Theobald , who did not finish the 2007 marathon in the eight-hour time requirement necessary to get official credit for the run , managed to complete the challenge this year . "  There were so many times I wanted to quit along the way , but I was determined to not let the wall get the best of me this year , " Theobald , 41 , who lives in New York said . "  When I crossed the finish line with a time of seven hours and fifty two minutes with just eight minutes to spare , I was thrilled . " Theobald had a tattoo of the Great Wall Marathon designed on her back as a reminder of her desire to complete this year 's marathon . The Great Wall marathon typically takes runners 50 percent longer to complete than their average marathon . This year Romualdo Sanchez Garita , a 37-year-old runner from Mexico , set a new marathon record of 3 hours , 18 minutes , 48 seconds . The event highlighted the diversity of the runners and the richness of Chinese culture . In addition to the Great Wall , the course also took competitors through traditional Chinese villages . "  This is more than just a running event , it is also an exchange of culture , " said Thomas Orr , a South African who has been working in Beijing the past three years and ran the marathon last year . "  The highlight of the year for the people in these villages is seeing hundreds of runners from around the world come through their towns . It is also a great opportunity for runners to see another part of China . " Each year the number of runners who take part in the event increases , but this year participation in the marathon saw unprecedented growth . "  The number of participants in this year 's race increased by 50 percent , " announced Lars Fyhr , the International Sales and Event Manager for Albatros Travel , the tour agency that organized the race . "  We think the sharp increase could partially be due to people having more interest in China this year because of the Olympics in Beijing . " With just three months to go before the Olympics in Beijing begins , some runners said they feel they have already taking part in this year 's Games . "  Though I will not be here when the Olympics conclude with the marathon event , " an unidentified runner joked as he finished the final section of the wall , "  I can say that I was already there , and my marathon in China was on the Great Wall . "	1,600 runners from 49 nations compete in May 17 race Marathon , half-marathon , 5K and 10K races were offered to runners Participants in race generally take 50 percent more time than normal marathon
CNN  -- When European explorers were planting their flags all over North and South America , they referred to the territory as the "  New World . " That was a misnomer . For while the Americas might have been "  new " to the Europeans , they were n't new on the world timeline . Things were happening in the Western Hemisphere a long , long time ago , as the sites on this list  a very small sampling  demonstrate . Some you might know already ; others might come as a surprise . Many of them are sites of active archaeological research that continues to unearth new examples of very interesting old stuff . 15 ancient ruins you might not know Tiwanaku , Bolivia Theorists have explained Tiwanaku as everything from a temple complex built by nomads to the work of an extraterrestrial society . Its truth is only slightly less extraordinary , and it tantalizes with questions of why and how a city of temples , public buildings , homes , streets and irrigation systems was built at 13,000 feet above sea level in the Altiplano of the Bolivian Andes . Between 500 and 900 A.D. , the Tiwanaku civilization numbered in the hundreds of thousands . By 1200 , they were gone . Archaeologists continue to study the site , even constructing reed boats to demonstrate how stones weighing several tons might have been transported from one shore of nearby Lake Titicaca to the other . You 'll need imagination to picture Tiwanaku as it was ; a visit during the winter or summer solstice celebrations can enhance its mystical qualities . Dinosaur Provincial Park , Alberta , Canada About 75 million years ago , western Canada was part of an island continent called Laramidia , and this 30-square-mile expanse of badlands was populated by creatures great and small . Sounds like the start of a fantasy novel , but it 's a dream come true for anyone fascinated by dinosaurs . UNESCO adds 19 sites to World Heritage List Since the turn of the last century , when paleontologists began working here in earnest , the park has yielded thousands of prehistoric remains , including hundreds of complete dinosaur skeletons from the Late Cretaceous Period . At the park you can join in or observe current fieldwork . There are activities for families and kids , guided and self-guided tours , and sunset excursions for photographers . To see more specimens recovered from the park , visit the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller , two hours away . Tikal , Petn , Guatemala With its five towering pyramids , probably built between 250 and 900 A.D.  ongoing research regularly revises the dates  and situated to correspond with the position of the sun , Tikal is the site by which other Mayan archaeological sites are measured , both in scope and significance . Tikal National Park also encompasses Uaxactn -- once a separate city -- as well as nearly 55,000 acres of rainforest that add to its beauty and mystery . The Petn Region in northern Guatemala continually yields archaeological discoveries from the Maya , such as the stunning frieze found in Holmul earlier this year . The murals at San Bartolo are under consideration for UNESCO World Heritage site status . In neighboring Honduras , is the Mayan site of Copn -- founded by a splinter group from Tikal . Monte Albn , Oaxaca , Mexico Monte Albn is a marvel of urban planning , especially when you consider that the Olmecs -- and later the Zapotecs -- who built it did so by carving its terraced landscape out of the mountainside . And they began construction sometime around 500 B.C. . It was built to be grand , from the ceremonial pyramids to the stadium surrounding the ball court , and because it 's so impressive Monte Albn tends to be heavily visited today . The most famous artifacts are the series of Olmec carved stone slabs known as Los Danzantes  The Dancers  because it was originally assumed they depicted dancing men . Current scholarship says they depict disemboweled prisoners of war , which would be strange , yet in keeping with the unusual artistic sensibilities of the Olmecs . Parque Museo La Venta , Villahermosa , Tabasco , Mexico It 's hard to know what to think about the Olmecs . They practiced ritual human bloodletting and raised dogs that they subsequently ate as part of their regular diet . On the other hand , they 're probably responsible for introducing chocolate to the world . They also left a wondrous legacy of carved stone sculptures , especially the enormous stone heads for which they 're known . Many Olmec sculptures discovered at San Lorenzo Tenochtitln in Veracruz and at La Venta in Tabasco -- Olmec settlements dating back to 1200 B.C. -- have been relocated to museums where they 're more accessible for public viewing . You 'll find more than 30 , including three 20-ton heads , at Parque Museo La Venta in Villahermosa . The 16-acre park is known for its tropical foliage and for the dramatic sound and light show that illuminates the sculptures at night . Chan Chan , Peru Machu Picchu is the most widely known archaeological site in Peru , the Nazca Lines are arguably the most mysterious , but Chan Chan , located about three miles from Trujillo , deserves mention because while its past is documented , its future is uncertain . The capital of the Chim culture , Chan Chan probably dates back to before 850 A.D. . At its peak in the early 1400s it had a population of 30,000 before the Inca came and wiped it all out . What remains of the huge earthwork city is still astounding -- networks of beautifully carved and sculpted adobe walls delineate enclaves devoted to work , worship and family life . About five square miles of the Chan Chan site is on the UNESCO World Heritage list , but even UNESCO ca n't stop the wind and weather from slowly eroding Chan Chan . Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site , Collinsville , Illinois , United States Cahokia Mounds looks like a grouping of giant lumps in the earth -- hills where no hills should be , built by the Mississippian culture more than 1,000 years ago . The largest is 100 feet high and bigger than the Great Pyramid of Giza at its base . Around it once stood wooden houses and plazas where people gathered for ceremonies that involved a potent concoction called Black Drink and competitions in a vigorous sport called chunkey . Inside the mounds , archaeologists have found a wealth of objects including unexpected specimens like shark 's teeth carried from the Gulf of Mexico to western Illinois in some way yet to be determined . In fact , much of what went on at Cahokia is still undetermined , including why this thriving community -- the oldest pre-Columbian settlement north of Mexico -- disappeared in the early 14th century . Rock Art of the Lower Pecos Canyonlands , Texas , United States Around Comstock , Texas , where the Pecos River meets the Rio Grande , acres of unremarkable terrain hold a remarkable surprise : cave paintings  pictographs  and carvings  petroglyphs  made by the prehistoric hunter-gatherers who lived here thousands of years ago . They 're not especially easy to reach , which has been their salvation , having left them largely unmolested throughout the centuries . Recently archaeologists have been working to raise awareness of the sites in order to catalog , preserve and protect them . Guided tours at Seminole Canyon State Park take you on a rigorous 1.5-mile hike to the Fate Bell Shelter . Other tours conducted by members of the nonprofit Rock Art Foundation visit sites located on private land . Panther Cave and Parida Cave in the Amistad National Recreation Area near Del Rio are accessible by boat .	Things were happening in the ` New World ' a long , long time ago See where the dinosaurs roamed at Dinosaur Provincial Park in Alberta Explore marvels of the Olmec culture in Tabasco and Oaxaca , Mexico
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors Tuesday urged a Florida judge to sentence actor Wesley Snipes to three years in prison and fine him $ 5 million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties . Wesley Snipes was acquitted of the most serious charges against him . Snipes is scheduled to be sentenced April 24 by U.S. District Judge William Hodges in Ocala , Florida , on three counts of failure to file federal income tax returns . One week after vowing to crack down on "  tax defiers , " the Justice Department filed court papers seeking the maximum penalty for the three misdemeanor counts on which Snipes was convicted . "  This case presents the court with a singular opportunity to deter tax fraud nationwide , " the government said in its sentencing recommendation . Snipes had been charged with felony conspiracy counts for participating in a scheme that rejects the legal foundation of the tax system . However , a jury accepted his argument that he was innocently duped by errant tax advisers , and acquitted him on the most serious charges . "  The fact that Snipes was acquitted on two felony charges and convicted ` only ' on three misdemeanor counts has been portrayed in the mainstream media as a ` victory ' for Snipes , " the government document says . "  The troubling implication of such coverage for the millions of average citizens who are aware of this case is that the rich and famous Wesley Snipes has ` gotten away with it . ' In the end the criminal conduct of Snipes must not be seen in such a light . " Assistant Attorney General Nathan Hochman , head of the Justice Department 's Tax Division , last week promised to beef up the government 's efforts to pursue those engaged in a variety of schemes making legal assertions that income taxes are either voluntary or unconstitutional . "  For nearly a decade Snipes has engaged in a campaign of criminal tax conduct combining brazen defiance with insidious concealment , " the prosecutors say . "  By these means Snipes has escaped paying more than $ 15 million in income tax to the IRS and has pursued an intended fraudulent harm to the United States Treasury of more than $ 41 million . " The document says Snipes shipped millions of dollars to accounts in Switzerland , Antigua and the Isle of Man to avoid taxes . "  Given defendant 's income , earning capacity , and financial resources , both disclosed and undisclosed , the United States submits that a fine of at least $ 5 million is warranted , " the sentencing recommendation says . The 35-page argument for the stiffest possible penalty ends with a dramatic flair . "  In the defendant Wesley Snipes , the court is presented with a wealthy , famous and inveterate tax scofflaw . If ever a tax offender was deserving of being held accountable to the maximum extent for his criminal wrongdoing , Snipes is that defendant , " it says . The IRS is also seeking repayment of all taxes and interest through civil court proceedings . E-mail to a friend	Federal prosecutors urge judge to sentence Wesley Snipes to 3 years Prosecutors also want to fine Snipes $ 5 million Justice Dept. wants to use Snipes as example to deter tax fraud Snipes was charged with conspiracy , was acquitted of most serious charges
