London  CNN  -- A Buckingham Palace guard has been pulled off of royal wedding duty this week because of offensive posts on his Facebook page , the British Ministry of Defence told CNN Monday . Cameron Reilly , the guard , used an offensive term to describe Pakistanis on his Facebook page , which was taken offline on Monday . CNN saw the comment before the page was removed . "  In view of the nature of the allegation , it would not be appropriate for the individual to be on parade for The Royal Wedding , " the Ministry of Defence said in a statement . Reilly , who was pictured on his page wearing the traditional tall black bearskin hat of Buckingham Palace guards , did not immediately respond to CNN attempts to contact him via Facebook . Prince William of Wales , the second in line to the British throne , is marrying his college girlfriend Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey in London on Friday . British media reported that Reilly called Middleton a "  stupid stuck up cow " and used an obscenity to describe her on Facebook . The Ministry of Defence declined to confirm that . He listed "  causing trouble " and "  casually breaking the law " among his interests on Facebook . He said on the page that he joined the Scots Guards in 2010 , and he posted several pictures of himself in military uniform . It 's in a comment on one of those photos -- showing himself holding a rifle in each hand -- that he tells a friend he could n't fit in any more guns because he had "  2 many paki 's scalps in it already . " "  Paki " is considered a deeply offensive term by many people of Pakistani descent . Prince William 's own brother Prince Harry had to apologize two years ago for using the term to describe a fellow soldier in a video he made . A spokesman for Prince Harry apologized in a statement released by St. James 's Palace . The spokesman said the prince -- who is third in line to the British throne -- "  understands how offensive this term can be , and is extremely sorry for any offense his words might cause . " He called another soldier "  our little Paki friend , Ahmed , " in the video , which was filmed in 2006 and posted in 2009 by the News of the World tabloid . "  There is no question that Prince Harry was in any way seeking to insult his friend , " the St. James 's Palace statement said . CNN 's David Wilkinson and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Cameron Reilly used an offensive term to describe Pakistanis on his page The Ministry of Defence says it would "  not be appropriate " to have him on parade Friday Prince William is marrying Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey British media say the soldier called Middleton a "  stupid stuck up cow "
CNN  -- The bodies of three students at a North Dakota university who had been missing since Sunday were found Tuesday in a vehicle submerged in a pond near their school , police said . The discovery came Tuesday afternoon after a search team found tire tracks leading to a stock pond for cattle five miles northwest of Dickinson , North Dakota , Lt. William Leach of the Stark County Sheriff 's Office told CNN . The investigators found a white 1997 Jeep Cherokee with California tags containing the bodies , he said . Foul play is not suspected , he said . The Dickinson State University softball players -- Kyrstin Gemar , 22 , a senior who owned the car ; Afton Williamson , 20 , a junior ; and Ashley Neufeld , 21 , a senior -- had last been reported seen about 10:45 p.m. Sunday , according to CNN affiliate KXMB . At 11:18 p.m. and 11:19 p.m. , teammates received two distress calls from the women during which they mentioned water and a lake , said Connie Walter , Dickinson director of university relations . After the calls ended abruptly , the teammates contacted law enforcement and the search began . At 12:07 a.m. Monday , a "  ping " on a tower from one of the students ' cell phones was traced to a cell tower five miles northeast of Dickinson and authorities concentrated their search in that area , officials said . Watch the women 's coach recall "  awesome person " Authorities have not identified the owner of the pond , which is 25 yards by 25 yards in area . It was not known how the students ended up in the stock pond , which is on private property and is part of a farm and cattle operation , Walter said . Dickinson Police Officer Thomas Grosz told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that authorities believed the women may have gone out to a lake to stargaze . That would not have been unusual , Gemar 's father , Lenny , told ABC . Dickinson , he said , is a "  pretty small town " without an active nightlife . He said the women routinely drove to a lake to stargaze and chat . Williamson and Gemar were from California , while Neufeld was from Canada , according to KXMB . Dickinson is almost 100 miles west of Bismarck , North Dakota .	Police find women in car submerged in pond Friend says the missing women called her , were hysterical , mentioned water The three students were known to stargaze at lake , father of one tells ABC Kyrstin Gemar , Afton Williamson and Ashley Neufeld were last seen Sunday night
Washington  CNN  -- A same-sex couple has been turned away at the Supreme Court in a cross-state dispute to have both of them officially listed as the parents of an adopted 5-year-old boy . The justices rejected the California couple 's appeal Tuesday without comment . The couple claims that Louisiana , where the child was born , has an unconstitutional policy against adoption by unmarried partners . The state used that policy to justify naming only one of them on an amended birth certificate . The men , Oren Adar and Mickey Ray Smith , argue gay couples have a due process right to be listed on such certificates as joint custodial parents . A federal appeals court ruled against the couple earlier this year . Some civil rights groups had urged a high court review , saying the case would have broader implications in the current legal fight in state and federal courts over same-sex marriage and whether states -- and Washington , D.C. -- must honor legal rights that gays and lesbians enjoy in other states . The men , who live in San Diego , legally adopted a 1 year-old boy from Shreveport , Louisiana , in 2006 . The adoption was finalized in New York state , where the couple was then residing . In their appeal , spearheaded by the gay rights advocacy group Lambda Legal , the couple said it was important both practically and symbolically they both be listed as the legal parents . "  Obtaining an amended birth certificate that accurately identifies both parents of an adopted child is vitally important for multiple purposes , including determining the parents ' and child 's right to make medical decisions for other family members at the necessary moments ; determining custody , care , and support of the child in the event of a separation or divorce between the parents , " the legal brief said . Lawyers for the men also said it is vitally necessary for Social Security and tax purposes , inheritance , insurance , school registration , and obtaining a passport . Adar and Smith tried to have the birth certificate changed in Louisiana . All states have laws creating a right to accurate , amended official birth and identity documents that would be recognized in other states and by the federal government . Darlene Smith , Louisiana 's registrar of vital records and statistics , refused their request . She took the position that the term "  adoptive parents " in the applicable section of state law applies only to married parents , because in Louisiana , only married couples may jointly adopt a child . Louisiana state officials argued they did not refuse to recognize the New York adoption decree , and had offered to list one of the parents on the official amended birth certificate . But Adar and Smith insisted both of them should be named . In a statement , Lambda Legal said it was disappointed in the court 's discretion to stay out of the dispute . "  This decision leaves adopted children and their parents vulnerable in their interactions with officials from other states , " said Kenneth Upton , a senior staff attorney with the group . "  More particularly , this decision leaves a child without an accurate birth certificate listing both his parents , " Upton added . "  This issue now moves into the legislative arena . We need to push for a change in Louisiana state policy in order to stabilize and standardize respect for parent-child relationships for all adoptive children . " The 5th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans ruled in April that Adar and Smith could not file a federal civil rights claim under the Constitution 's "  full faith and credit " clause . That refers to Article IV , Section 1 , which says states must respect the "  public acts , records , and judicial proceedings of every other state . " The full 16-member court , in an 11-5 ruling , concluded the clause applies only to court actions , not those of state legislators or executive officials , and added that "  there is no legal basis on which to conclude that failure to issue a revised birth certificate denies ` recognition ' to the New York adoption decree . " More importantly , the court said states have the power to make their own decisions about issuing birth certificates . "  Adoption is not a fundamental right , " said the appeals court , citing studies that found marriage provides a more stable environment in which to raise children . "  Louisiana has a legitimate interest in encouraging a stable and nurturing environment for the education and socialization of its adopted children . ... Louisiana may rationally conclude that having parenthood focused on a married couple or single individual -- not on the freely severable relationship of unmarried partners -- furthers the interests of adopted children . " Tuesday 's decision by the justices not to intervene is the final legal defeat for Adar and Smith on the certificate question , but does not affect their continuing custody of the boy . The case is Adar v. Smith , State Registrar  11-46  .	The couple wants both their names listed on birth certificate Louisiana only recognizes married couples as adoptive parents Lambda Legal says the decision leaves same-sex couples vulnerable
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A Kuwaiti company that has been paid more than $ 8.5 billion to supply food and other items to the U.S. military in the Middle East has been indicted on multiple federal fraud charges , authorities announced Monday . Public Warehousing Company KSC is charged with conspiracy to defraud the United States , committing major fraud against the United States , making false statements , submitting false claims and wire fraud , a six-count indictment states . The company obtained contracts in May 2003 , February 2005 and July 2005 to feed U.S. troops in Iraq , Kuwait and Jordan , said the U.S. attorney 's office for the Northern District of Georgia , where the charges were filed . "  This indictment is the result of a multiyear probe into abuses in vendor contracts in the Middle East involving the illegal inflation of prices in contracts to feed our troops , " said F. Gentry Shelnutt , who is serving as acting U.S. attorney on the case . "  The indictment alleges PWC submitted false information and manipulated prices to overcharge for food . " Public Warehousing Company , also known as Agility , did not return a telephone message Monday . The charges came after federal officials joined a 2005 whistle-blower suit by Kamal Mustafa al-Sultan , the owner of a Kuwaiti company that had partnered with Public Warehousing to submit a proposal on the food supply contracts , the Justice Department said . The case remained under seal to let federal officials investigate the allegations and determine whether the U.S. government would join the lawsuit . The whistle-blower 's civil complaint was filed in Atlanta . According to the indictment , the company violated the False Claims Act by presenting false claims for payment , overcharging for locally available fresh fruits and vegetables , and failing to pass along to the U.S. government rebates and discounts it had obtained , as required by its contracts . The indictment does not say how much the United States was allegedly defrauded , because the investigation is under way , officials said . The investigation is being conducted by a team from the Defense Criminal Investigative Service , the FBI , the Army Criminal Investigation Command , auditors from the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Department . "  The defendants , tempted by monetary gain , betrayed the trust invested in them by the U.S. Army and now they must face the consequences , " said Brig. Gen. Rodney Johnson , commander of Army Criminal Investigation Command .	Public Warehousing Company KSC was paid $ 8.5 billion to supply food , other items Indictment says company presented false claims , overcharged Investigation is still under way Company did not return calls seeking comment
CNN  -- Brett Ratner has resigned as a producer of this year 's Academy Awards show for an anti-gay remark he made over the weekend , the movie director said Tuesday in an open letter to his colleagues . "  Over the last few days , I 've gotten a well-deserved earful from many of the people I admire most in this industry expressing their outrage and disappointment over the hurtful and stupid things I said in a number of recent media appearances , " Ratner said in the letter , which was given to CNN by his representative , Allan Mayer . "  To them , and to everyone I 've hurt and offended , I 'd like to apologize publicly and unreservedly . " Ratner met with the representatives of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation prior to announcing his resignation , GLAAD said in a news release Tuesday . When asked during a question-and-answer session about his newly released action comedy , "  Tower Heist , " whether he rehearses with his actors before shooting a scene , Ratner replied , "  Rehearsing is for f * gs , " GLAAD said in its release , citing New York Magazine 's Vulture blog . "  When we sat down with Brett today , he seemed very sincere in his desire to use this experience as a way to begin speaking out against anti-gay language in popular culture , " said Herndon Graddick , senior director of programs and communications at GLAAD . "  We believe his resignation is just the first step and will be announcing a series of concrete actions with Brett in coming days and weeks . " In his statement Tuesday , Ratner said "  it pains me deeply that I may have hurt " his colleagues who "  are members of the LGBT community . " "  Having love in your heart does n't count for much if what comes out of your mouth is ugly and bigoted , " Ratner said . "  With this in mind , and to all those who understandably feel that apologies are not enough , please know that I will be taking real action over the coming weeks and months in an effort to do everything I can both professionally and personally to help stamp out the kind of thoughtless bigotry I 've so foolishly perpetuated . " Ratner said he had called Tom Sherak , president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , to resign as the producer of the Academy Awards show . "  Being asked to help put on the Oscar show was the proudest moment of my career , " Ratner said . "  But as painful as this may be for me , it would be worse if my association with the show were to be a distraction from the Academy and the high ideals it represents . " "  Tower Heist , " which stars Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy , made $ 24.2 million on its first weekend .	Brett Ratner has resigned as producer of the 84th annual Academy Awards show In a statement Tuesday , Ratner says he apologizes "  publicly and unreservedly " Ratner made a demeaning remark during a Q&A session about his movie "  Tower Heist " "  Rehearsing is for f * gs , " New York Magazine 's Vulture Blog quoted Ratner as saying
CNN  -- Race fans have a big Memorial Day weekend ahead . Open-wheel cars at the Indianapolis 500 . Stock cars at the Coca-Cola 600 . A dragon made of aluminum scrap was one of the entries in 2008 's Kinetic Grand Championship in California . But if you need a different sort of racing fix , maybe you 'd be into fire-breathing aluminum dragons . Friday kicks off Northern California 's annual Kinetic Grand Championship , a three-day race in which teams aboard pedal-powered works of art move across 42 miles of road , sand and water . Thousands of spectators , some following the competitors on bikes of their own , watch kinetic sculptures like a picnic basket and a psychedelically painted hippo race from Arcata to Ferndale in California 's Humboldt County . Sculpture racing is n't the only thing that may satisfy those thirsting for a different kind of race . At other times of the year , souped-up lawnmowers cut through tight turns in Indiana , and women sprint with pancakes in Kansas , just to name two . See pictures of the races " But we start with California 's kinetic sculpture event , just one day away . Yes , it breathes fire The Kinetic Grand Championship bills itself as the oldest race of its kind . It started in 1969 when renowned welding artist Hobart Brown challenged someone to a welded-contraption race in Ferndale , California . Now , about 40 teams create art of varying complexity and attach it to something that can be pedaled on land and float on water . For the floating part -- the sculptures go into Humboldt Bay on Day 2 -- some have tires big enough for the job . Others rely on pontoons . "  We call it the triathlon of the art world , " race director Harmony Groves said . "  It brings together art , engineering and bicycling -- and fun . " Some machines are one-seaters with two wheels ; others have many wheels and seat eight . Duane Flatmo , a 51-year-old muralist and graphic artist , built a dragon out of aluminum scrap like muffin tins and colanders . "  Any kind of aluminum I could find , " said Flatmo , a Eureka resident who 's been racing since 1982 . "  Any time I would go to the junk store , there 'd be piles of aluminum stuff , and I said , ` That 's my material right there . ' " The dragon , which he and his Biking Vikings team will race again this year , has a trick up its wings . "  The head swings from side to side and up and down -- it 's all levers and cables , " Groves said . "  And he can pull a cable that connects to a propane tank , and fire comes out of its mouth . " Not that fire has anything to do with racing , but it does relate to fun -- something the event takes seriously . The Biking Vikings wore horned helmets last year . The Hippypotomus team dressed like hippies and played a marimba in the back . A prize is given for the fastest time , but awards also are offered for the sculpture that breaks down first or has the best flip-over in water . Racers can use team-themed pieces of art to bribe judges who catch them pushing their rides . Organizers encourage spectators to follow the shenanigans by standing along the course or by biking it , as long as they follow certain rules . Start your lawnmower engines In Twelve Mile , Indiana , organizers of what 's billed as the nation 's oldest lawnmower race are n't sure why their Lions Club predecessors picked that machine for an annual fundraiser 46 years ago . But with each July 4 race day drawing more than 1,000 people to an unincorporated community where maybe 150 live , they are n't about to second-guess . The Twelve Mile 500 Riding Lawnmower Race is actually two 60-lap , 15-mile races at the local park -- one for regular lawnmower engines , and the other for "  modified " mowers , those whose power trains have been replaced with those of , say , a motorcycle . See video of the races But even the regular engines can be altered , and most of these machines can get up to 35 mph , organizer and Lions Club member Mark Lowe said . The "  modified " machines can go much faster if a rider is so inclined , he said . However , the races -- each featuring up to 33 drivers , like the Indianapolis 500 roughly 80 miles to the south -- have a 15 mph speed limit because officials do n't want out-of-control machines on the winding dirt track . Drivers caught speeding are penalized , but the winners still average above 15 mph . Racers are n't forced to remove the blade decks , but virtually no one races with them because no one wants them impeding their speed , Lowe said . Spectators pack the park and watch from lawn parties at nearby homes . Adults at the park pay $ 5 , and kids 12 and under are charged up to $ 1 . Winners normally get a used car from a local dealer , though the economy may force a different prize this year . 415-yard dash for pancake glory Fat Tuesday . Mardis Gras . Shrove Tuesday . Whatever you call it , the women of Liberal , Kansas , and Olney , England , know it 's the day they run their pancake race . The International Pancake Day race is a friendly Liberal-Olney battle that 's been happening since 1950 . Women in Olney , donning aprons and head scarves , run a 415-yard race on an S-shaped street course while holding a skillet with a pancake at 11:55 a.m. the day before Lent . Women in Liberal -- they have to be residents -- do the same when that time hits Kansas six hours later . Why ? In 1445 , a woman in Olney was late to church on Shrove Tuesday . She 'd been making pancakes , and when she heard the church bells , she ran to the service -- carrying a skillet and pancake . Neighbors saw this and a race was born , according to an International Pancake Day Web site . The Olney tradition was revived in the early 1900s . A Liberal man saw a photo of Olney 's race in 1950 and reached out to the English town to start the current two-community contest , said Janice Northerns , Liberal 's Pancake Day publicity chairwoman . The winners of the two races compare times -- these days by video conferencing -- and an international winner is crowned . Racers have to flip the pancake at the finish to prove they have it . But unlike the woman in 1445 , racers are n't concerned what kind of shape the pancake is in . "  Most racers hold it in the skillet with their thumb " so they can pump their arms , Northerns said . "  If most of it falls out but some remains , that 's OK . "	Offbeat races can be found across the country at various times of the year Nation 's oldest kinetic sculpture race starts Friday in California Souped-up lawnmowers race in Indiana Women sprint with pancakes in competition pitting Kansas , England towns
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Much of the world got to know her as Col. Wilma Deering on the "  Buck Rogers in the 25th Century " television series . Though she later played Kate on "  Silver Spoons , " there was something about that Spandex that was hard to forget . But today , actress Erin Gray has found a way to combine her celebrity with the very real business of fan-based conventions . At events like Dragon * Con in Atlanta , the woman known for playing strong female characters now uses her brains to wrangle issues for her celebrity clients as they prepare for close encounters with fans . Gray runs a company called Heroes for Hire , which represents about 35 celebrity clients at conventions around the world . CNN caught up with her at Dragon * Con in Atlanta  unofficially referred to as "  PartyCon "  . Dragon * Con is known for being the most "  fan-friendly " convention , which , in itself , can pose both unique opportunities and unique challenges . Heading into the weekend , there were 35,000 people expected to attend , primarily to see some of the 400 celebrity guests who sign autographs and mingle with the crowds . Gray knew this meant that there were a lot of things to plan for . "  We create 30-page spreadsheets so that we can keep track of where we are in the process , " Gray said . "  Are the contracts signed ? Have the photos and bios been sent ? Are the travel details done ? " Today , the former space colonel walks a fine line between getting her clients closer to their fans at conventions and keeping them away . "  We 've had death threats before , " she said . "  I 've had my own personal stalker . I would get nude drawings of my body with a knife and a message saying ` I 'm watching you ' and ` I 'm going to get you . ' When you have a baby , you just feel so vulnerable . We could n't figure it out because it was happening at the studio , " Gray said . Incidentally , it turned out to be a security guard . "  The other one , I would get these 10-page tiny handwritten letters front and back and perfect penmanship , and he would say things like ` do n't tell your husband about our relationship . ' And you know how I found out who it was ? He said , ` when you waved at me . ' I waved to my postman . This is before we had stalking laws . And when something like that happens , you think , ` is being an actress worth it ? ' " Luckily , Gray does n't have those terrifying experiences anymore , but now she has clients who do . "  I have a couple of clients who give me the names of their stalkers , and I have to let the promoter know who they are and to keep an eye out for them . I have one who is obsessed with a female celebrity , and this guy e-mails me , texts me , and he 'll come to a show and stand about 20 feet away and stare at her . We 'll hire security , and they will be with security all day long , " Gray said . "  Every actor has their stalker . " But the reality is that conventions like Dragon * Con can help make or break an actor 's career . We are no longer living in the age of Hollywood executives determining who the stars will be , Gray said . We are living in an age of social media , where the fans have a louder voice than ever before . For example , Gray has one client whom Hollywood paid no attention to . So she went out on her own and started a webcast , and today has more than 1.7 million followers on Twitter . Ouch ! That 's got ta hurt all of those people who told Felicia Day , "  do n't call us ; we 'll call you . " "  I think there 's been a major shift in grass roots media because of the internet and because the geeks and nerds rule the world . They are in control in so many ways . The comic is today 's Western , so many movies , and I think that if actors want to optimize their longevity , it 's important for them to meet the fans because those fans are so loyal and will show up at any movie or tune in to any television show they 're on , " Gray said . The shift in Gray 's own career from onscreen heartthrob to celebrity manager was completely unscripted . "  As an actress reaching her mid - to late 40s and the number of roles not being there and still having kids in private schools , there came a point when I hit bottom , and I was desperate to get a job and understand that being a model and actress my entire life since the age of 15 , I did n't have the qualifications to get a normal job , nor did I want to . I could n't see myself in a corporate environment under the thumb of some boss , " she said . So she started talking to other female actresses in her position , and before long , they were telling her how she could make money at conventions like these . "  I went online and started booking myself , and one day Gil Gerard called me up and said , ` what are you doing ? ' and I told him I was going to a show in Ohio , and he said , "  Oh , I want to go , book me , and I 'll pay you 10 percent . " Then Gil went and played golf with Marc Singer , and there you have it , a business was born . " Incidentally , both Gerard and Singer made appearances at Dragon * Con this year , along with a host of Gray 's other clients . "  Dragon * Con is the number one , in my opinion , fan-based show in the world . The entire focus is on the fans for the fans to have a good time , to satisfy their desires and needs and so on . " Thus the art of managing a celebrity . Gray says she goes to about one con a month , sometimes more . Get the spreadsheets ready .	Erin Gray turned heads as Col. Wilma Deering on "  Buck Rogers in the 25th Century " Although not very "  Hollywood , " fan conventions are essential , says Gray , to making it Gray organizes celebrity clients ' convention schedules and deals with security issues
CNN  -- Insomnia , the inability to fall or stay asleep , can make the days feel fuzzy and the nights never-ending . Insomniacs often get antidepressants instead of drugs designed to help them sleep , research has shown The disorder can increase the risk for depression and suicidal thoughts , lower work productivity and even raise blood pressure , studies have shown . About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent them from getting good rest . Singer Michael Jackson struggled with insomnia , a nutritionist who worked for him told CNN . Sources close to Jackson told CNN that during a world tour in the mid - '90s , the pop star traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night , then "  bring him back up . " Stress or traumatic events can trigger the sleeping disorder . Insomnia drugs help the patient sleep , but they do not treat the underlying cause , which could be a result of another illness , life changes or shifting work schedules . And patients who seek relief for insomnia may not receive the most effective prescription . Over the last two decades , doctors treating sleep disorders have prescribed more antidepressants than insomnia drugs , according to several published analyses . And there is insufficient evidence that most antidepressants are effective in treating insomnia , concluded a National Institutes of Health panel that convened on the topic in 2005 . Doctors may be factoring in cost considerations and their own familiarity with prescribing antidepressants relative to newer sleep medications , experts said . Some doctors prescribe antidepressants because their patients have both depression and insomnia . Insomnia and depression often occur together , but which is the cause and which is the symptom is often unclear . Depending on the patient 's circumstances , a doctor might prescribe antidepressants as the primary treatment for insomnia ; for example , if there is a history of addiction . But the Food and Drug Administration has not officially approved antidepressants for insomnia . "  There 's inadequate body of information to support use of the unapproved treatment , " said Dr. Vaughn McCall , medical director of the Sleep Center at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . "  I think the harm in it is the delay of effective treatment . You 've made a decision to ignore the proven effective treatment and decided instead to do who knows what . " McCall said he treats an insomnia patient with sleeping drugs first . When those options do n't work , he turns to antidepressants . Sleep experts say some antidepressants can help a person sleep , but their sedating effects can wane over time . There 's "  a lot of inappropriate prescribing for insomnia , " said Rajesh Balkrishnan , the director of the Center for Medication Use , Policy , and Economics at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . Antidepressants could "  tranquilize you for a shorter period of time , " about five to six hours , Balkrishnan said . Insomnia drugs can produce deeper sleep levels for a longer period of time -- about eight to 12 hours , he said . Antidepressants balance the natural chemicals in the brain that are involved in regulating mood . The drugs can block reabsorption of the chemicals , such as serotonin , leaving more available in the brain . Side effects for antidepressants can include headache , night sweats , nausea , agitation , sexual problems and dry mouth . Sleep drugs work by slowing activity in the brain to allow sleep . They carry risks of addiction and side effects such as grogginess , headaches , nausea and bizarre behavior while sleeping . There are stages of sleep , from drowsiness to progressively deeper relaxation . The entire sequence normally takes about an hour , and the fourth stage is considered the deepest . After that , people go into what 's called rapid eye movement , or REM , sleep . After about 10 minutes into REM sleep , the brain cycles back to the four other stages  known as non-REM  . The cycles repeat throughout the sleep time . The use of antidepressants to battle insomnia could be influenced by cost , since generic antidepressants cost less than brand-name insomnia drugs , doctors said . In 2007 , the Food and Drug Administration approved the first generic version of Ambien , called zolpidem , for short-term treatment of insomnia . Despite the availability of a less expensive generic version , many doctors continue to prescribe antidepressants , McCall said . Doctors might hesitate to prescribe some types of sleeping drugs because they belong to the same class of drugs , called benzodiazepines , as Xanax and Valium . These drugs can be highly addictive over chronic use . But not all sleep drugs are benzodiazepines . A sample of 3,400 physicians ' prescription practices published in the journal Sleep in 2004 showed that antidepressants were approximately 1.53 times more likely to be prescribed by American doctors than insomnia drugs . "  A lot of it is a holdover from the days where the perception was that sleeping pills would cause dependence and there would be abuse liability , " said author James Walsh , executive director and senior scientist at the Sleep Medicine and Research Center at St. Luke 's Hospital in Chesterfield , Missouri . "  There was a feeling that they only worked for short periods of time and you develop tolerance to those medicines . Those impressions came from pills used until the 1970s . " Three of the top four most commonly prescribed drugs for insomnia were antidepressants , according to Walsh 's 2004 article . Five years later , Walsh doubts many of the prescription practices have changed . "  There are still a lot of doctors prescribing antidepressants and other sedating medicine for insomnia even though those medicines have n't been studied very well for treatment of insomnia and have some different types of risks , " Walsh said . But Balkrishnan said , "  You ca n't put the blame solely on prescribers , " adding that some patients insist on certain medications and find ways to obtain those drugs , despite their doctor 's best efforts . The alternative to taking pills is cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia , which teaches the patient how to get better sleep hygiene and ways to avoid sleep-disturbing behaviors . Unlike drugs , this method has no side effects . Using anesthetics to get relief from sleep disorders is highly unusual and inappropriate , several doctors have told CNN . Jackson requested an anesthetic , saying , "  I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep , " Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse and nurse practitioner who worked for Jackson for a time , told CNN . Doctors say that if Jackson was being anesthetized to battle insomnia , it was a dangerous practice . The possible role of an anesthetic , called Diprivan -- also known as propofol -- has swirled since the pop singer 's death on June 25 . "  Propofol induces coma , it does not induce sleep , " said Dr. Hector Vila , chairman of the Ambulatory Surgery Committee for the American Society of Anesthesiologists .	Doctors prescribed more antidepressants for insomnia There is lack of evidence that antidepressants are effective for insomnia Practice may continue because some sleeping drugs are benzodiazepines About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent good rest
CNN  -- When the ground began to shake in Tokyo on March 11 , 2011 , Katsuhiro Asama was in the office of his creative management agency . Some 200 miles north , a 9.0-magnitude earthquake had struck off the coast of the Tohoku region , triggering dozens of aftershocks and a tsunami that sent 30-feet high walls of water crashing across fields , flattening entire towns and propelling debris miles inland . More than 15,000 people died and over 20 times that number were displaced by the disaster . It was the largest ever earthquake to hit Japan and the fourth biggest on record worldwide . Asama spent much of that day checking on his loved ones and colleagues -- professional photographers , makeup artists and models , many of whom had family or friends in Tohoku . "  I strongly felt I had to do something and anything I could possibly do , " the father of two said . In the days that followed , his employees returned to their hometowns and confronted the aftermath . Asama 's own grandparents lived in Rikuzentakata , a coastal city in Iwate Prefecture that was completely wiped out by the waves . "  Of course , we did something for our families , but at the same time , we started to think about what we could do for others , " he said . Two months later , on May 14 , Asama and some of his colleagues began what would become known as the Egao Project -- or "  Smile " Project in English -- traveling to the worst-hit areas of Japan to pamper the tsunami survivors who had been left to live in temporary evacuation shelters . The group , which organizes activities like hair and makeup sessions and face painting for children , has helped to bring smiles to the faces of those who have endured extraordinary hardships . The volunteers capture these small moments of joy in photographs , hoping the survivors ' remarkable resilience will serve as an inspiration to others . Over the last three years , the group has visited around 180 shelters across Tohoku . They have a core group of several dozen volunteers who visit the region twice a month , but as many as 2,000 people have contributed to their mission . Community building Egao Project donates the photographs to the survivors , many of whom lost their possessions in the disaster , but the activities have also helped build a sense of community among those living in the shelters , according to Asama . For him , one of the most memorable images was taken on the group 's first visit to the region , on May 14 , 2011 . It 's an image of two middle-aged women with beaming faces , embracing -- their two enormous grins forming creases around their eyes . "  They seem to be very close friends , " Asama said . It was only later that his team learned the pair had never met before that day . One woman lost her house in the tsunami and the other , whose home was spared , had visited the shelter to assist . It was only through the Egao Project 's activities that they crossed paths and became good friends . The project seeks to draw attention to the plight of the people of Tohoku , more than 200,000 of whom still live in temporary accommodation three and a half years after the earthquake struck . "  In summer or winter it 's really quite harsh -- even inside of the housing it gets really cold , " said Kozue Miyagi , a volunteer responsible for event planning and promotion . "  They do n't even know how much longer they have to live  like this  , because the housing situation in Tohoku is not progressing as easily as initially planned , so they 're living in quite a challenging , harsh environment . " Asama says that many of those living in the shelters are "  tired , stressed , physically and mentally exhausted . " "  But from our experience , we know that our activities can lighten up their day a little and make them smile , even for a few seconds . " "  If we know we can do something positive , we just have to do it and  not give up  , " he said . Scars remain The group 's work is far from over . Six months ago , when a team of Egao Project volunteers visited one of the shelters , a girl approached them and said : "  How can I smile when I lost my dad and grandpa ? I really do n't like photographs . " "  It was quite a shock , " said Asama . "  After three years of project activities and more than 5,000 smile photographs , we thought that people  were starting  to recover slowly but surely . But the fact was , there are scars on many people 's hearts still . " Asama and his team are determined to keep the project going "  until everyone can get their smile back , " even if that takes decades . "  We will not do it for them , but we will do it together with them , " he said .	Japanese NGO seeks to bring small moments of joy to survivors of 2011 tsunami Volunteers visit shelters , entertain those who lost their homes in the disaster Photos of the events capture strength , resilience of people of Tohoku Three years after the disaster , more than 200,000 people in the region still live in shelters
CNN  -- In the run-up to the party conventions , new attention has been focused on women 's issues in the political sphere . It has been accompanied by claims that the Republican Party is somehow unfriendly to women -- which will be a surprise to the thousands of women attending the convention in Tampa , Florida . The assertion is baseless . Having served 19 years in the Senate , and as a lifelong Republican , I have some perspective . Much of the recent debate has focused on a narrow slice of what constitutes women 's issues and how gender should direct women 's views . But this is overly simplistic . Women make up half of the most diverse country in the world . We are represented ethnically , socially , racially , economically , religiously and ideologically across the spectrum . To say that there is a set of concerns that can be labeled "  women 's issues " is absolutely true . To assume that we all feel the same way about them -- or that we must feel the same way about them to represent our gender legitimately -- is inherently sexist . My experiences as a woman certainly inform my perspective , but they do not wholly define my political views . I am also guided by the values my family instilled and the educational opportunities I had growing up . That we employ different methods and points of view does not mean that one or the other party is the natural place for women . Opinion : Wake up : It 's not just Akin Women are , in fact , more than our gender . We are entrepreneurs and executives who are concerned about a faltering economy and business-unfriendly regulation . We are homemakers and heads of households who worry what tax hikes will do to our family budgets . We are parents who want the best education possible for our children . We are recent graduates , entering the bleakest job market in decades . We are retirees , worried about the shaky finances of Medicare and Social Security . I am a Republican because I believe that the best opportunities for women -- and men , and children -- come from a thriving economy that encourages entrepreneurship and promotes business development to create jobs and financial security . In the dismal fiscal state we 're in , I think that is what is most important to women , and I consider the economy to be a women 's issue . But even if we look to the more traditional women 's issues , as a Republican , I have worked on them my entire career . None of it could have been achieved without the support of my party . In 1975 , when I was serving in the Texas Legislature , I authored legislation that guaranteed the most far-reaching protections for rape victims in the country , including limiting invasive personal questions that had been part of a "  blame the victim " culture and redefining consent . That bill became the model for strengthened victim-protection laws throughout the country . Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , and I sponsored the Homemaker IRA , allowing spouses who do not work outside the home -- the vast majority of them women -- to defer taxes in individual retirement accounts . Mikulski and I worked together again to co-sponsor the National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program . More recently , all the female senators -- Democrats and Republicans -- joined together in opposing the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force 's recommendation that women under 50 forgo breast cancer screening . Opinion : Why Paul Ryan is not ` bad ' for women During this year 's debate on reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act , I offered an amendment to enact harsher penalties for violent sexual offenses and to address the backlog of some 400,000 untested sexual-assault kits . Although the amendment was not approved , the final reauthorization -- again , supported unanimously by the female senators -- included new anti-cyber-stalking legislation that I worked on with Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota . The debate over the Violence Against Women Act was a reminder that , though we may disagree on policy particulars , the female senators find ways to solve problems when it matters most . But my definition of women 's issues extends further . As the ranking member on the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation , for instance , I believe the STEM disciplines -- science , technology , engineering and medicine -- must be encouraged for our girls . Getting more women into these professions reflects both my will to advance women and my Republican ethos : These areas are vital to America 's economic success , and I believe ignoring 50 % of the talent pool is detrimental to that goal . Americans have thoughts , opinions and ideas spanning the political spectrum , about which reasonable people can respectfully disagree . But it is both unreasonable and disrespectful to demand that half of them hold identical views simply because of their gender . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kay Bailey Hutchison .	Some people claim the GOP is unfriendly to women , says Kay Bailey Hutchison As a U.S. senator for 19 years and a lifelong Republican , she disagrees The best opportunities for women come from a thriving economy , she says Hutchison says she has worked on traditional women 's issues her entire career
CNN  -- Hot on the heels of the eight-year ban handed out to Mahmood Al Zarooni for drugging his race horses another bombshell could be set to hit the beleaguered sport . Trainer Gerard Butler , who runs the Egerton House Stables , has admitted to a British newspaper that he is facing a ban for injecting his thoroughbreds with anabolic steroids to treat injured joints after assurances from veterinary professionals . The British Horseracing Authority  BHA  confirmed on their official website they are investigating Butler , who is also based in the English town of Newmarket , and that samples taken from his yard had tested positive . Just last week the BHA handed down an eight-year ban to Al Zarooni after 15 horses from the world famous Godolphin stables , owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , the ruler of Dubai , were found to have been given banned drugs . The 37-year-old Al Zarooni admitted a "  catastrophic error " in administering the prohibited anabolic steroids -- ethylestranol and stanozolol -- to the animals , all of which have been banned from racing for six months . Butler told The Independent newspaper he thinks around 100 horses have been given the same drugs at the headquarters of British flat racing and called the incident "  an unpardonable misjudgement . " He said he had given four horses at his yard a product called Sungate , which is used to treat joints , but was so sure of its validity he entered it into his official medical records which were then sent to the BHA . "  It did not cross my mind that there could be any problem with this medication , " he was quoted as saying by The Independent . "  And , judging from the fact that the BHA said nothing about it when they saw my medical book , it does not seem to have crossed their minds , either . "  Little Black Book ran on 4 August , and won a couple of weeks later , so they would have known he was clearly in training at the time . "  In the medical book , I signed that I had authorized use of the drug , and my vet had countersigned for its administration . Sungate had for some time been widely used in their practice , with very beneficial results for joint injuries . " Butler runs a small stable compared to the Godolphin outfit but has had success with Elusive City and Compton Admiral , while his small U.S based operation helped Pachattack finished third in one of the country 's most prestigious fillies ' races -- the Breeders ' Cup . The BHA 's statement read : "  In light of reports and speculation today , and because of recent events regarding horses formerly trained by Mahmood Al Zarooni , it is felt necessary to confirm that a separate investigation is being held into a number of positive samples obtained from horses at Gerard Butler 's yard , following a testing in training visit on 20th February . "  While conscious of the need not to prejudice the outcome of the current inquiry , the investigation has established that the source of the positive samples was a veterinary product , licensed in the EU and legally imported for use by a veterinary practice , the initial administration of which was recommended by a vet . "  This investigation remains ongoing and a number other parties have been and will be interviewed , including representatives of the veterinary practice in question . One of the objectives of this investigation is to clarify the extent to which this product has been distributed and administered to horses in training . "  Immediately following the results of the testing in training , the BHA , in conjunction with the National Trainers Federation , notified trainers that the product in question contains an anabolic steroid and should not be used on any horse in training . "	Newmarket trainer admits he is facing a ban for injecting horses with anabolic steroids Gerard Butler says substances were used to treat injured joints and were cleared by vets British Horseracing Authority confirms positive tests from Butler 's yard in ongoing probe Mahmood Al Zarooni from Godolphin stable banned for eight years for doping offenses
Thanks to its large reserves of oil , the small Gulf state of Kuwait has transformed over the decades from a humble pearl-farming backwater into one of the world 's richest countries per capita . But too much of a good thing , as many of Kuwait 's 2.6 million inhabitants are discovering , can be problematic . In recent years , Kuwaiti waistlines have swollen to make them among the most obese people on the planet . Nearly 70 % of Kuwaiti males over 15 are overweight or obese , according to the World Health Organization . For women , the figures are even worse -- slightly over 80 % . Researchers from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine recently placed Kuwait second only to the United States on a league table ranking countries by the amount of food they consumed per capita to sustain being overweight . The country 's weight gain has led to an unprecedented rise in obesity-related health problems , including heart disease and diabetes . It 's a phenomenon being reported in other Gulf countries -- several of Kuwait 's neighbors also appear in the top 10 , with Qatar coming in 4th , the United Arab Emirates 6th , and Bahrain 10th on the table . Many attribute the weight problem to rapid changes in lifestyle propelled by oil revenues that have transformed Kuwait into prosperous modern consumer society . "  I think it started with Kuwait being a rich country , " said fitness expert Yousef AlQanai , who was overweight himself until getting in shape eight years ago . "  We have a lot of oil , so this transcends to how we live our lifestyles . It made our lives much easier . We do n't have to work in order to survive . " Chief among these changes has been the introduction of fast food . American fast food outlets arrived with the U.S. troops during the first Gulf War , becoming a permanent fixture on the country 's culinary landscape . Some have tailored their menus to cater to bigger appetites in the region , such as a best-selling Pizza Hut dish that features a cheese pizza with a cheeseburger crust . Rania Al Mutawa , a 36-year-old Kuwaiti woman who is training for a 10-kilometer race being organized alongside Kuwait 's first marathon , said the love affair with fast food was leading many in her country to pile on the pounds . Many lacked awareness of the health consequences of eating fast food regularly . "  People in Kuwait consider McDonalds and Burger King as full meal restaurants -- and not junk food , " she said . "  The average Kuwaiti does not know what goes into that type of food . It 's just like a home-cooked meal . " The popularity of fast food over the past decade has been "  unprecedented , " she said . And for the generation of children growing up eating it regularly , the consequences would be severe . "  The mentality is  it 's OK to bring the kids . It 's OK to have it two or three times a week , " she said . AlQanai agrees . "  Some kids grow up not knowing that this is not good for them . " McDonalds , which opened its first outlet in Kuwait in 1994 , now has 65 restaurants across the country . Spokesman Steve Mazeika said McDonald 's was "  just one choice in the eating-out market " and offered "  a wide array of choices for consumers . " "  We trust them to choose menu items that are right for their lifestyles , " he said . But there are other factors contributing to Kuwait 's weight problem . The country 's harsh climate -- in which daytime temperatures can reach over 50 C , or 122 F -- makes it difficult to undertake physical activity during the day , encouraging a sedentary lifestyle and car culture . "  It does n't encourage people to go out and walk or exercise , " said Bader Al Failakawi , a 37-year-old father who is also training for the race as part of a concerted effort to get in shape . He said Kuwaiti culture also placed strong emphasis on eating at communal gatherings -- with little value placed on moderation . "  If you eat less , it means you did n't like it and whoever invited you is not a good host , " he said . But while some are embracing a new fitness culture of marathons and gym membership , others are turning to more drastic measures . Stomach stapling procedures are becoming increasingly popular in Kuwait , with enough demand to prompt the country 's first conference for medical professionals involved in weight loss surgery last year . According to a report in Businessweek , the number of bariatric surgeons in Kuwait has increased tenfold over the past decade , with at least 5,000 patients receiving the procedure in Kuwait last year -- compared with 3,000 in Canada , which has more than 30 times the population . The report added that the legal barriers to surgery in Kuwait are lower than in the United States . But for AlQanai , the only lasting solution to obesity comes not from the shortcut of surgery , but hard work in the gym . "  Day by day , minute by minute , you have to work on it . You have to sacrifice things sometimes , " he said . "  It does take a lot of work . " But "  once they get there , " he said , "  it becomes easier and easier . Then what actually makes them happier is going out for a run . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Zain Verjee : @zainverjee , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , cameraman Paul Devitt : @cameramanCNN , writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Oil-rich Kuwait has become one of the world 's fattest countries Many blame the love affair with U.S. fast food outlets , which arrived during the first Gulf War Stomach stapling procedures have become a popular way to slim down But many are beginning to turn to old-fashioned exercise to get in shape
CNN  -- In July , the world 's newest vertigo-inducing observation deck opened in the mountains in Austria . It joins an adrenaline-inducing roll call of clever platforms offering spectacular views . 1 . Dachstein Stairway to Nothingness  Austria Visitors to Dachstein 's Stairway to Nothingness must first cross Austria 's highest bridge , which is 328 feet  100 meters  long and straddles a drop of 1,300 feet  396 meters  . They then face 14 steps that descend from the cliff face and which are surrounded by glass walls . The entire structure took six months to build and was created by an engineering firm specializing in high-altitude construction . The bridge that leads to the steps is the highest in Austria . Dachstein Stairway to Nothingness , Dachstein Glacier , Austria ; +43 03687/2204 2 800 ; admission free for children under 12 , from $ 4 for adults More : Insider Guide : Best of Vienna 2 . Tokyo Skytree observation decks  Japan The Tokyo Skytree is the world 's third-tallest structure , with a height of 2,080 feet  634 meters  , and has Japan 's two tallest observation decks : the lower one is located at 1,148 feet  350 meters  and has a section of glass flooring . The upper one , which has floor-to-ceiling windows and 360-degree-views of the city , has a height of 1476 feet  450 meters  . On a clear day , Mount Fuji can be seen from the observation decks . Tokyo Skytree , 1-1-2 , Oshiage , Sumida , Tokyo ; +81  0  3 3623 0634 ; Admission : from $ 3  # 2  for children and from $ 10  # 6.60  for adults 3 . Kinzua Skywalk  United States When the Kinzua Viaduct was built in Pennsylvania in 1882 , it was the longest and highest viaduct in the world . In 1900 it was rebuilt to carry heavier trains , using 3,175 tons of steel and 895,000 rivets . In 2003 , a tornado destroyed 11 of the 20 towers and it was decided that the remaining towers would be used to support the Skywalk . The Skywalk extends 624 feet  190 meters  into the Kinzua Gorge and glass panels allow visitors to peer into the gorge below . Kinzua Skywalk , 1721 Lindholm Drive , Mt. Jewett , Pennsylvania ; +1 8149652646 ; admission : free More : 10 easy ways to experience Navajo America 4 . AlpspiX viewing platform  Germany At the base of Germany 's Alpspitze mountain , the AlpspiX viewing platform comprises two steel beams , both of which measure 79 feet  24 meters  in length . Visitors brave enough to walk to the end of the glass-walled platforms can look 3,281 feet  1,000 meters  down into the valley . The platform remains open in winter , when the grid flooring allows snow and ice to pass through . AlpspiX viewing platform , Zugspitze , Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany ; admission : free 5 . EdgeWalk CN Tower  Canada Located on the roof of the CN Tower 's restaurant at a height of 1,168 feet  356 meters  , the EdgeWalk allows visitors to slip into climbing harnesses and walk around the edge of Canada 's tallest structure . There 's also a glass floor 1,122 feet  342 meters  above ground level , and although the glass is only 2.5 inches thick , it 's reportedly strong enough to hold 14 hippos -- if they could fit in the elevator . The EdgeWalk holds the world record for world 's highest external walk attached to a building . CN Tower also has glass-floored observation deck and outdoor SkyTerrace . EdgeWalk , CN Tower , 301 Front St. W. , Toronto ; +1 4166013833 ; admission : from C$ 20.40  $ 19.80  for children and from C$ 27.20  $ 26.43  for adults 6 . The Ledge  United States The four boxes that make up The Ledge experience in Willis Tower , Chicago , are made from half-ton panels of glass . The walls consist of three layers , each half an inch thick . Visitors who step into one of the boxes can see for 50 miles across four states . Six million people have ventured into the boxes since 2009 , 500 people have proposed in them and visitors can now even get married in them . The boxes retract into the building when the windows need cleaning . The Ledge , Willis Tower , 233 S. Wacker Drive , Chicago ; +1 3128750066 ; admission : free for children aged under three , from $ 12 for children and $ 18 for adults 7 . Cliffwalk  Canada The Cliffwalk is a 700-feet  213 meter  walkway attached to a granite cliff face above the Capilano River in British Columbia , Canada . The highest point is 300 feet  90 meters  above the river . To attach the Cliffwalk , 16 anchor points were drilled 19 feet  six meters  into the rock face using 1,825 bolts , and 40 tons of steel were used . The Cliffwalk also features two glass panels that have an anti-skid finish and were shipped over from Austria . Cliffwalk , Capilano Suspension Bridge Park , 3735 Capilano Road , North Vancouver , British Columbia ; +1 6049857474 ; admission : free for children aged under six , from C$ 12  $ 11.50  for children and from C$ 28.95  $ 28  for adults More : How to pretend you 're Canadian when you travel 8 . The View from The Shard  England London 's The Shard is the tallest building in Western Europe and The View From The Shard is located on floors 68 , 69 and 72 . The best panoramas are from floor 72 , at a height of 800 feet  244 meters  . This open-air observation deck offers 360-degree views of the city . Visitors can also look up into the "  shards " of glass that form the top of the skyscraper . The View From The Shard , 96 Tooley St. , London ; +4408444997111 ; admission : free for children aged under three , from # 18.95  $ 29  for children and # 24.95  $ 38  for adults More : Rise of London 's pedal culture 9 . Stegastein lookout  Norway The glass panel at the end of this walkway gives visitors the impression they could simply fall off the end . Commissioned by the Norwegian Highway Department as part of a project to improve the appearance of the country 's tourist routes , the lookout allows visitors to look straight down into the Aurlandsfjord , 2,000 feet  609 meters  below . Stegastein lookout , Aurland-Laerdal Road , Aurland , Norway ; +47 57 63 33 13 ; admission : free 10 . Top of Tyrol Stubai Glacier  Austria The Top of Tyrol viewing platform in Austria was completed in 2008 and provides visitors with spectacular views over 103 peaks . All of the parts -- including 19 tons of steel and a 164-foot  50-meter  hand rail were lowered into place by helicopter . It 's 10,433 feet  3,180 meters  above sea level and 50-foot  15-meter  rock anchors keep the structure in place . Top of Tyrol , Stubai Glacier , Austria ; admission : free 11 . Dachstein Glacier Skywalk  Austria The Dachstein Glacier in Austria actually comprises eight glaciers -- a visit to this high-altitude , glass-bottomed walkway is a great way to see them all . Visitors can see for hundreds of kilometers . On a clear day , the Triglav mountains of Slovenia and the forests of the Czech Republic can be seen . Dachstein Glacier Skywalk , Dachstein Glacier , Ramsau am Dachstein , Austria ; +43 22042 800 ; admission : free 12 . Matteo Thun 's Viewing Platform  Italy The best views of Italy 's Merano region are from this binocular-shaped viewing platform , high above the gardens ' huge oak forest . The viewing platform is just one of several within the gardens , which were recently named Italy 's most beautiful gardens . The platform is suspended over the Gardens of Trauttmansdorff and was designed by architect Matteo Thun in 2005 . Matteo Thun 's Viewing Platform , Gardens of Trauttmansdorff , Via San Valentino , 51/a , 39012 Merano Bolzano , Italy ; +390473235730 ; admission : free for children aged under six . From $ 10.60  # 7  for children and from $ 12.60  # 8.20  for adults More : 10 things Italy does better than anywhere else 13 . Grand Canyon Skywalk  United States This steel and glass , horseshoe-shaped walkway extends 70 feet  21 meters  over the lip of the Grand Canyon , almost one mile above the valley floor . The 90 tons of glass were imported from Germany . The Skywalk , which is bolted to the canyon 's rim , can support the weight of 70 747 passenger jets . Apollo astronaut and the second person to set foot on the Moon , Buzz Aldrin was the first person to step onto the Skywalk , which cost $ 30 million to build . Grand Canyon Skywalk , 5001 Buck n Doe Road . Grand Canyon West , Arizona ; +1 8888689378 ; admission : from $ 29.95 per person More : 31 beautiful sights on this incredible planet	Dachstein Stairway to Nothingness in Austria straddles a drop of 1,300 feet Kinzua Skywalk in United States built on the remains of a 19th-century viaduct Capilano Cliffwalk is a 213-meter walkway attached to a granite cliff face in Canada
London  CNN  A 32-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses , London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement Saturday . The suspect was detained in Newham , East London , by counterterrorism officers and is being held at a south London police station . He was arrested on suspicion of collecting information which may be useful to somebody who commits or prepares acts of terrorism , of being a member or supporter of ISIS , and of encouraging terrorism . The arrest is the latest in a series by UK police investigating suspected terror-related activities . Two women , age 23 and 33 , were arrested near Birmingham on Wednesday on suspicion of of Syria-linked terrorism offenses . The United Kingdom last summer raised its terror threat level to severe , the second-highest level .	Police : 32-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of being a member or supporter of ISIS He 's also accused of collecting information useful to somebody planning an act of terrorism
CNN  -- Rapper T.I. walked out of a federal prison in Arkansas Wednesday morning , 10 months after he began serving a sentence for violating his parole on a gun conviction , a prison official confirmed . "  The storm is over & da sun back out . IT 'S OUR TIME TO SHINE SHAWTY !!!!! Welcome to the beginning of our Happy Ending !!!! " T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , wrote in a Twitter message Wednesday . T.I. will complete the last weeks of his 11-month sentence in a community service center , or half-way house , but Bureau of Prisons spokesman Chris Burke would not disclose its location until the singer gets there . This was the rapper 's second stint in the Federal Correctional Center in Forrest City , Arkansas . He served seven months there in 2009 as part of an unusual sentence negotiated two years ago to resolve federal gun charges . Those charges followed his attempt to buy three machine guns in the parking lot of an Atlanta grocery store . "  Feels great to be back where I belong ... Back in the arms of those who need me the most , " T.I. tweeted Wednesday . Cable channel VH-1 announced just hours after his release that it was producing a reality series to show T.I. "  as he re-adjusts to life as a free man after being incarcerated for nearly a year in a federal prison in Arkansas . " The as yet-untitled 10-episode series will premiere in December , VH-1 said . "  Viewers will get a behind-the-scenes look at the most private and personal moments of one of today 's hottest , most sought after Grammy winning artists as he is reunited with his wife and kids and thrust back into society at this crucial juncture in his life , " the channel said . MTV produced a series in 2009 based on the countdown to his first prison term , titled "  T.I. 's Road to Redemption . " His latest prison time was triggered by his arrest , along with his wife , after a motorcycle officer stopped their car on Sunset Boulevard in Beverly Hills , California , a year ago . A police report said suspected drugs were found in the couple 's car and they were both arrested on drug charges . While the charge against Harris was later dropped , he failed a drug test given by his parole officer . The cornerstone of the plea deal was his community service , which included the rapper speaking to young people about the importance of staying off drugs and out of trouble . At a federal parole violations hearing a month his arrest , Harris acknowledged that he had a drug addiction problem . "  I screwed up big time and I am sorry , " Harris told U.S. District Judge Charles Pannell , Jr. "  I am sincerely sorry . I am scared that you will send me to prison . " "  Mr. Harris has had the limit of second chances , " Pannell said as he imposed the 11-month sentence last October . "  He was supposed to be living what he was preaching , " U.S. Attorney Sally Yates said at the hearing . Harris is an Atlanta-based rapper , music producer and actor . He is also the head of the Grand Hustle record label . CNN 's Denise Quan and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : VH-1 announces new series about T.I. 's post-prison life Rapper T.I. is free 10 months after starting his second prison term The hip hop artist must finish his sentence in a half-way house T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , violated his parole on a gun conviction last year
Even in the Bible Belt , coroners do n't use the word "  miracle " lightly . But Holmes County , Mississippi , Coroner Dexter Howard has no qualms using the word for the resurrection , as it were , of Walter Williams , who was declared dead Wednesday night . Howard received the call from Williams ' hospice nurse , who told Howard that the 78-year-old had passed away . A family member called as well , saying the same , Howard said . Howard and Byron Porter from Porter & Sons Funeral Home in Lexington , Mississippi , drove to Williams ' home to collect the body for funeral preparations . Howard checked Williams ' pulse about 9 p.m. and pronounced him dead . "  There was no pulse . He was lifeless , " Howard said . The coroner completed his paperwork , placed Williams in a body bag and transported him to the funeral home , he said . There , something strange happened : The body bag moved . "  We got him into the embalming room and we noticed his legs beginning to move , like kicking , " Howard said . "  He also began to do a little breathing . " They immediately called an ambulance . Paramedics arrived and hooked Williams up to monitors . Sure enough , he had a heartbeat , so they transported him to the Holmes County Hospital and Clinics . "  They were in shock . I was in shock . I think everybody at the hospital was in shock , " Howard said . Howard is an elected official and not a doctor . More than 1,500 counties in the United States elect coroners and most do n't require medical degrees . Neither in his 12 years as county coroner nor during his decade as deputy coroner has Howard seen anything like it . Howard was absolutely certain Williams was dead . The only reasonable explanation he could think of , Howard said , is that Williams ' defibrillator , implanted beneath the skin on his chest , jump-started his heart after he was placed in the body bag . "  It could 've kicked in , started his heart back , " Howard said . "  The bottom line is it 's a miracle . " Overjoyed family members are thanking God for saving the life of the longtime farmer they call "  Snowball . " "  So it was not my daddy 's time , " daughter Martha Lewis told CNN affiliate WJTV . "  I do n't know how much longer he 's going to grace us and bless us with his presence , but hallelujah , we thank Him right now ! " Nephew Eddie Hester told CNN affiliate WAPT he was at Williams ' Lexington home when Howard and Porter zipped up the body bag , so he was more than a little stunned when his cousin called at 2:30 a.m. Thursday and told him , "  Not yet . " "  What you mean not yet ? " Hester recalled asking his cousin . "  He said , ` Daddy 's still here . ' " "  I do n't know how long he 's going to be here , but I know he 's back right now . That 's all that matters , " Hester told WAPT . Howard visited Williams on Thursday at the hospital and said he was still "  a little weak " but was surrounded by family members and talking . Mike Murphy , the coroner for Clark County , Nevada , and past president of the International Association of Coroners and Medical Examiners , said he could n't comment on this specific case without knowing all the details , but he 's read news reports of people returning to life at funeral homes "  from time to time . " Asked if he 'd ever heard of a case in which a defibrillator played a role in bringing someone back to life , Murphy said he had n't , "  but just because I have n't heard it does n't mean it has n't happened . "	Mississippi man declared dead Wednesday , returns to life Thursday , coroner says "  We noticed his legs beginning to move ... He also began to do a little breathing " Family overjoyed that the longtime farmer known as "  Snowball " is still with them Coroner says only explanation is that man 's defibrillator kick-started his heart
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . London  VBS.TV  -- At the end of 2010 , VBS attended a series of violent student demonstrations in London . The first saw thousands of students storm the Conservative Party HQ and someone lob a fire extinguisher from the roof , nearly killing a police officer . Two weeks later , when the second protest rolled around , we were locked inside a 200-meter area with thousands of young protesters for 10 hours . It was a fun place to be "  kettled " midwinter , and we watched as kids burned bus stops , held impromptu grime raves , smashed the windows of the treasury and were beaten up by police . We also noticed that a small number of protesters seemed to be assaulting each other . A week later , a journalist named Graham Johnson who specializes in gang crime confirmed what we 'd suspected : that gangs had been using the protests as cover for while they made money . Various gangs had been coming from around the capital to pickpocket , mug , loot and throw the occasional lump of concrete at riot cops . We met up with a gang in South East London who , from behind facemasks , told us that they did n't care at all about politics but that they had walked away from the last protest with more than 2,000 pounds worth of goods and cash . See the rest of Teenage Riots at VBS.TV They also predicted that as the government cuts spread their way across society , more riots would spring up , not in relatively policeable central London locations but in the estates of the most impoverished parts of the city . The protesters would not be students , either ; they would be armed gang members , willing to "  wipe out a whole constabulary " of police . Teenage Riot , which resulted from our time at the protests , is a five-part film looking at the riots , their significance and the strange combination of students , schoolkids , gangs , anarchists and police that made up the clashes that would define the most violent period of political upheaval in this country since the '80s .	VBS goes inside 2010 's student protests in London Reporters "  kettled " with thousands of young protesters for hours at a time Film looks at significance of riots and "  strange " mix of players involved
CNN  -- Oh the irony . An Ohio man was shot in the arm . At a gun safety class . Michael Piemonte was attending a concealed-carry class with his wife Alison in central Ohio 's Fairfield County over the weekend . Such classes are required for anyone wanting carry a concealed weapon in the state . There were 29 students in the lecture-type class , Piemonte said . He was sitting in the front row . While the instructor was demonstrating a self-defense techniques , the gun went off . The bullet struck Piemonte in the arm . Even he did n't realize what had happened . New law allows schools to teach gun safety to first-graders "  Everyone was in shock , " he told CNN . "  It took me a couple of seconds to realize that I had been shot . " The 26-year-old said he 's in good spirits . "  I 'm just glad my wife did not get hit . " The instructor did not return a call for comment , but Piemonte said he has been calling him regularly to check in . Five things to know about guns "  It makes me feel good that he is so concerned , " he said . The Fairfield County sheriff 's deputy who responded to the scene described the shooting as accidental , The Columbus Dispatch newspaper reported . Piemonte does n't have a gun yet , but was planning to get one this year . He still plans on doing so . "  It was the first time I 've been shot , " he said . "  And hopefully the last . " Opinion : Starbucks , loaded guns and lattes	Michael Piemonte was in a concealed-carry class when he was shot The instructor was teaching self-defense techniques went the gun went off Columbus Dispatch : A sheriff 's deputy described the shooting as accidental Piemonte says the instructor has called him regularly to check in
Los Angeles  CNN  -- One of the men who toppled an ancient boulder in Utah 's Goblin Valley State Park last week filed a personal injury lawsuit just a few weeks earlier , claiming he suffers from "  serious , permanent and debilitating injuries . " Video of Glenn Taylor shoving the huge rock off a slender pedestal where it rested for millions of years went viral online and prompted media scrutiny . As his friend sang "  Wiggle it , just a little bit , " Taylor pushed the delicate sculpture over , which was followed by laughter and high fives with his son . The attention has led to revelations that Taylor filed a personal injury lawsuit in September , claiming he had suffered "  serious , permanent and debilitating injuries " from a 4-year-old car crash . "  Someone with a bad back who 's disabled , who ca n't enjoy life , to me , does n't step up and push a rock that big off the base , " the defendant in Taylor 's lawsuit , Alan MacDonald , told Salt Lake City television station KTVX . ` You did n't see how hard I pushed ' Taylor 's lawyer did not return calls for comment . But when CNN affiliate KUTV noted that Taylor did n't look particularly debilitated in the video , he replied , "  You did n't see how hard I pushed . " CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos said when someone has a pending disability lawsuit , "  you 'd think they 'd avoid the camera like the plague . "  But instead , they think no one will ever see it or repercussions will ever come of it , " Cevallos said . ` Glenn saved his life ' Goblin Valley , in southern Utah , is home to thousands of the mushroom-shaped rocks -- known to locals as goblins -- that developed as millions of years of winds and water eroded sandstone cliffs . Taylor and two other men were leading a Boy Scout group on a visit to the park when the incident happened . The men , all from Utah , defended their actions in interviews last week , saying the delicate structure posed a threat to visitors . "  We have now modified Goblin Valley , a new Goblin Valley exists , " David Hall , who shot the video , is heard saying at the end of it . "  That 's crazy that it was held up just by that little bit of dirt . Some little kid was about ready to walk down here and die and Glenn saved his life by getting the boulder out of the way . So it 's all about saving lives here at Goblin Valley . Saving lives . That 's what we 're all about . " Hall told Utah television station KUTV that the boulder seemed unstable . "  That was n't going to last very long at all , " he told the CNN affiliate . "  One gust of wind and a family 's dead . " Asked if he would do it again , he said , "  Absolutely , absolutely . " ` Did n't look like a stiff wind to me ' Park officials suggested the men broke the law by defacing a state park . Jeff Rasmussen , the deputy director of Utah State Parks and Recreation , said , "  It did n't look like a stiff wind to me . " "  Obviously , we 're very concerned and upset that somebody would come and destroy this natural wonder that took millions of years to be formed , " he told KUTV . In his 22 years on the job , he said he had not heard of any goblins rolling off their pedestals . Connection to Arias trial All three have been booted from their Boy Scout leadership roles . The National Boy Scouts of America and the organization 's Utah National Parks Council issued almost simultaneous and similar statements Monday addressing the men 's actions . The local council statement said the former leaders violated the Scouts ' principle of "  Leave no trace , " which it said "  teaches the value of natural areas and the methods we can use to help protect and conserve these areas for future generations . " Meanwhile , the man who shot the video , Hall , is tied to another nationally publicized case : the Jodi Arias murder trial . Throughout the Arias trial , Hall appeared numerous times on HLN to talk about the life and legacy of his friend Travis Alexander and to paint an unflattering picture of his killer , Arias . CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Los Angeles ; Tom Watkins from Atlanta . HLN 's Amanda Sloane also contributed to this report .	Someone with a bad back "  does n't ... push a big rock , " suit 's defendant says The men defended their actions , saying the rock was dangerously unstable All three have been booted from their Boy Scout leadership roles
CNN  -- Food fanatics may recognize John Besh from his stints on TV shows like "  The Next Iron Chef " and "  Top Chef Masters , " but New Orleans residents know the Louisiana-raised chef and ex-Marine as an evangelist for local food culture . After Hurricane Katrina devastated his city in 2005 , Besh rallied the teams at his flagship restaurant August to feed the Police Department , National Guard troops , evacuees , refugees and medical personnel . He also set up field kitchens for rural parish residents after hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008 . Besh 's 2009 love letter to his city 's distinctive cuisine , a nearly 400-page volume of recipes , photographs , stories and field guides to local ingredients entitled "  My New Orleans " was recently named best cookbook of the year by the International Association of Culinary Professionals . With his region 's foodways again in peril , Besh spoke with CNN about what 's at risk from the Gulf Coast oil spill and what U.S. eaters can do to help . CNN : From a food perspective , what 's at stake ? John Besh : We have a rig that 's about 45 miles off the southern tip of Louisiana -- that little bit of land that just happens to be some of the most incredibly rich marshland , which feeds an enormous ecosystem . So , some of the most fragile land on the face of the earth -- at least in North America . Two-thirds of the production of seafood from the lower 48 states comes from this ecosystem . It all begins with the micro-organisms in the marsh grasses at the mouth of the Mississippi River . There are other rivers there , too , but it 's the mighty Mississippi that feeds it all . We have to act swiftly , as if we were going to war . We have to protect this coastline . There are not just jobs ; there are communities and cultures . Family-owned restaurant fears ` devastating glob ' CNN : How will this affect the local economy -- especially the shrimpers ? Besh : One thing in particular that 's been a real slap in the face to the American shrimper is the rapid importation , unchecked , of foreign shrimp flooding our market . We do n't know what waters they come from , we do n't know what they were fed . We really know very little about their origin . Yet we accept them with open arms in our country -- a lot of time using slave labor to process these things that we 're feeding our children and eating in our massive chain restaurants . These shrimpers , these communities have been through hurricane after hurricane . They really got back on their feet themselves -- very resilient people . And now we 're dragging our feet -- this slow , very delayed response to the waters . We 're talking about this ecosystem that 's a source , that 's a $ 2.9 billion a year industry just in our region for shrimp and oysters and crab -- along with some fin fish production . This whole industry -LSB- is -RSB- on the verge of collapse if we do not act swiftly . CNN : What can Americans outside the Gulf Coast do to help ? Besh : We need people to really be unified about this . It 's more than just about a job . Because it 's really about a culture . We need to preserve our environment . -LSB- President -RSB- Obama was put in office for the very things he claims to have espoused , yet now we 're seeing that administration really dragging their feet with this one -- and that 's a huge shock to all of us . And that 's why we 're asking everybody out there -- call your representatives , call your senator , call whoever . Make noise . One thing you can do right now is eat American shrimp . CNN : How can diners make sure it 's domestic ? Besh : Each state has its own laws , but in many , grocery stores have to label the origin of the shrimp . Demand domestic shrimp . Demand great domestic oysters . Demand , demand , demand , and they will have to supply it in order to pay their bills . CNN : What can chefs do ? Besh : Chefs should be very mindful of the origin of their seafood . We still have a lot to work on . We have a lot to clean up . But perhaps we can still salvage that culture and the industry . Not to mention all the environmental effects . CNN : What are you doing at your own restaurants like August , La Provence and Lke ? Besh : We 're focused on supporting oyster families -- like P&J Oysters -- and local shrimpers by buying from our shore -- at least stabilizing as best we can the few people who are out there and able to make a living at it . And we have an active feeding arrangement going on . We 're taking food down to the mouth of the river when the mitigation stabilizes . Like just when we were rebuilding after Katrina , we 'll come and rebuild the restaurants -- we 're going to feed you . You want to come save our environment ? We 're going to feed you . CNN : What does the future hold for Gulf Coast cuisine in light of this disaster ? Besh : We have no idea what we 're dealing with yet because BP tells us one thing , the government tells us another . Even those reports have been skewed -- it may be up to five times worse than what our government is even saying . Right now , there 's just this big question and our question is not to cast blame right now . Let 's just deal with it . Let 's bring in all of our resources -- the Department of Defense if need be -- because we 're an incredible country . We can do so much . I love America and I 'm not against oil . But we 've got to figure out how to handle crises like this before they become crises . That 's my plea to everybody . Get out there and get involved . Make it known that we 've got to save the Gulf .	Chef John Besh : We should wage campaign to save Gulf Coast from oil slick Need to protect "  most incredibly rich marshland , which feeds an enormous ecosystem " He says not just jobs are at stake , but also communities and cultures He urges Americans to demand U.S. shrimp at grocery stores and restaurants
CNN  -- Sales of a drug widely used by poultry producers on their flocks will be suspended because a study found the livers of chickens given the drug contain inorganic arsenic -- a cancer-causing agent . "  We would like to stress that the levels of inorganic arsenic were very low , representing a very low health risk to people who eat chicken , " said Dr. Bernadette Dunham , director of the Food and Drug Administration 's Center for Veterinary Medicine , in a Wednesday conference call with reporters . The drug , called 3-Nitro  Roxarsone  , contains organic arsenic and has been used by poultry producers since 1944 . Alpharma , a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. , will suspend the sales voluntarily in the United States , the FDA said . A company spokesman would not say how profitable the drug is . The announcement that the FDA plans to suspend U.S. sales of the drug came after an FDA study of 100 broiler chickens detected inorganic arsenic at higher levels in the livers of those treated with 3-Nitro than in those who did not get the drug . Inorganic arsenic causes cancer in humans . That increase concerns "  a very low but completely avoidable exposure to a carcinogen , " said Michael R. Taylor , FDA deputy commissioner for foods . Pfizer plans to continue selling the product for the maximum allowed 30 more days in the United States . "  The company stated that allowing sales for this period will provide time for animal producers to transition to other treatment strategies and will help ensure that animal health and welfare needs are met , " the FDA said in a news release . Dr. David Goldman , assistant administrator of the Office of Public Health Science at the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety Inspection Service , said the risk to consumers posed by continuing to eat chicken given the drug during the phaseout period was "  very low . " The FDA 's study was carried out after other studies indicated that organic arsenic could transform into the more dangerous inorganic form , the FDA said . Pfizer , in a statement on its website , equated the average levels of inorganic arsenic in poultry tissue with those found in an 8-ounce glass of drinking water . The product is also sold in Canada , Mexico , Malaysia , Indonesia , the Philippines , Vietnam , Chile , Argentina , Peru , Venezuela , Brazil , Australia , Pakistan and Jordan . Asked whether the company would continue selling 3-Nitro abroad , a Pfizer scientist said the company was informing other countries ' regulatory systems of the U.S. action but did not say that sales would be suspended . "  We 'll work under their regulatory systems to take the appropriate action , " said Dr. Scott Brown , senior director for metabolism and safety , veterinarian medical research and development for Pfizer Animal Health . The drug is used primarily in broiler chickens to help control a parasitic disease called coccidiosis and "  for weight gain , feed efficiency and improved pigmentation , " the FDA said . Richard Lobb , a spokesman for the National Chicken Council , said the drug is widely used but not universally so . "  This is the treatment of choice , " he said . Though it is not administered to organic chickens , they represent only about 1 % of the 8.7 billion broilers produced each year in the United States , he said . The average American eats 85 pounds of chicken per year , Lobb said . A telephone receptionist for the U.S. Poultry & Egg Association said no one was available for comment .	Study found that the livers of chickens given the drug contained low levels of a carcinogen Suspension does not kick in for 30 days Pfizer says that delay will give time for producers to transition to other treatment strategies , according to the FDA
CNN  -- When Zac Vawter put his mind to climbing the 103 floors of Chicago 's iconic Willis Tower , his legs did the rest . Even the one that is n't human . The Seattle resident scaled the skyscraper 's stairway heights on Sunday thanks to what the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago calls the "  world 's first neural-controlled bionic leg . " In other words , when Vawter thinks about going somewhere , it sends a signal to his prosthetic right leg that spurs it to move . This kind of technology has been implemented before in arms and fingers , but never before in a leg . While Vawter , 31 , has been part of the Illinois rehab center 's trial for about a year , this weekend 's fourth annual SkyRise Chicago fundraiser was the first public test of the technology . There was no guarantee he 'd successfully climb the entire skyscraper formerly known as the Sears Tower , but he 'd certainly give it a shot . Yet there he was -- 53 minutes , 9 seconds after he set off -- in the tower 's SkyDeck Chicago , and seemingly on top of the world . ` Bionic blonde ' uses triathlon to take control "  It was a good goal for the team to shoot for , and we hit it , " he said immediately afterward . This perch was a far cry from where Vawter found himself three years earlier , in a hospital room after his leg was amputated following a motorcycle accident . He 'd long been a runner , competing for St. Martin 's University in Lacey , Washington , in races like the 800 , 3,000 and 5,000 meters as well as in cross-country events . And now , all of a sudden , he was a patient with just one leg . But Vawter took a positive turn when he teamed up with the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago , which U.S. News and World Report ranks as the nation 's top rehab hospital . He became a willing human guinea pig for researchers testing the one-of-a-kind prosthetic . In an interview with CNN affiliate WLS prior to Sunday 's climb , Vawter called the new leg "  a dramatic improvement over my normal prosthetic . " "  It 's something exciting and fun , and I hope that we push the boundaries of what the research and the leg is capable of , " he said . Levi Hargrove , from the Chicago rehab center , told WLS that "  really advanced hardware " makes the device work . "  We record all of the data on the computer , and then teach this small microcomputer what it looks like " as the leg moves , Hargrove adds . Vawter was met with cheers as he entered the skyscraper 's front door on Sunday morning , then again after he trekked up the final steps . He had plenty of company and fellow inspiration as he went skyward , as one of about 3,000 people making the climb and raising roughly $ 1 million for the rehab center . Among them was U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk , who has worked tirelessly with the Rehabilitation Institute since suffering a stroke last January . In his first public appearance since then , he climbed 37 flights in about an hour . "  However bad it looks , if you or a loved one has suffered a debilitating stroke , you could be climbing the tower one day with us , " Kirk said afterward , in comments provided by RIC . "  Do n't give up ! " That is Vawter 's mindset as well . He 's happy to help the cause , and to move forward in his own life with his new prosthetic 's help . "  It feels awesome , " he said of the leg .	A collegiate runner , Zac Vawter had his right leg amputated after a motorcycle accident He has been equipped with a prosthetic that ascertains his intentions and then moves Vawter climbs up Chicago 's Willis Tower in 53 minutes , 9 seconds "  It was a good goal for the team to shoot for , and we hit it , " he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dale Robertson , whose horse expertise , Oklahoma roots and handsome looks helped him win cowboy roles in 1950s and '60s , has died at age 89 , his wife said Thursday . Robertson was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer just last week while being treated for pneumonia at Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla , California , Susan Robertson said . He died Tuesday . "  He always said he lived two or three lifetimes , " she said . "  He was in Hollywood when it was great . " People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived Robertson 's acting career began after a movie scout saw a photo of him in a Hollywood photo shop 's display window . He had the portrait taken to send to his mother while he was stationed at an Army post in California , according to his official biography . He acted in several uncredited movie roles in 1948 after he left the Army , leading to his role as the outlaw Jesse James in "  Fighting Man of the Plains " in 1949 . Robertson starred in the TV Western series "  Tales of Wells Fargo " from 1957 through 1962 , riding a horse named Jubilee . During the last hours of his life , as he lay in a hospital bed , his wife comforted Robertson by whispering thoughts of what awaited him in the afterlife . "  I told him that Jubilee and Chief  his favorite dog  would be waiting to greet him , " his wife told CNN . The role of a cowboy was not a stretch for Robertson , who grew up on an Oklahoma horse ranch . He and his wife raised horses in Oklahoma until moving to a San Diego suburb last summer , Susan Robertson said . Robertson never sought formal acting training , based on advice that he should keep his own personality , according to his biography . In the 1966 TV series "  Iron Horse , " Robertson played a character who won a railway in a high-stakes poker game . He hosted , along with Ronald Reagan , episodes of "  Death Valley Days " during the 1960s . Film roles , also mostly Westerns , included "  Devil 's Canyon , " "  Sitting Bull , " and "  Dakota Incident . " In the 1980s , Robertson was a regular on the first season of "  Dynasty , " and acted in episodes of "  The Love Boat , " "  Murder , She Wrote " and "  Dallas . " His last role came in two episodes of the TV series "  Harts of the West " in 1993 . The final 15 years of Robertson 's life were spent in ill health , partly because of wounds suffered while serving in a tank crew in North Africa and Europe during World War II , his wife said . His wife called for an ambulance to take him to the hospital because of pain last week , she said . Doctors were treating him for pneumonia when tests revealed he had lung cancer that had spread to his brain , bones , liver and lymph nodes , she said .	Robertson 's acting career began after a movie scout saw his photo He was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer last week while being treated for pneumonia Cowboy roles were not a stretch for Robertson , who grew up on Oklahoma ranch "  He was in Hollywood when it was great , " his wife says
CNN  -- Want to "  Walk the Line " where Johnny Cash once played as a child ? Before he changed the music industry with songs like "  Ring of Fire " and "  Folsom Prison Blues , " Johnny Cash spent his hardscrabble childhood in the small community of Dyess , Arkansas . The Johnny Cash Boyhood Home , the newest of Arkansas State University 's Heritage Sites , opens Saturday for public tours after a restoration project that includes other historic buildings . When visitors walk into the home , they are stepping back into the 1930s . Cash family artifacts original to the home include the piano that belonged to Johnny 's mother , his father 's shaving mug and even the original flooring in his childhood bedroom and the living room . The living room linoleum still has burn marks caused by the wood-burning stove . Other furnishings and objects are of the time period and mostly contributed by donors , said Ruth Hawkins , director of Arkansas Heritage Sites at Arkansas State University . They are based on the photos and memories of Tommy Cash and Joanne Cash Yates , two of Johnny Cash 's siblings . Period details include a pedestal sewing machine , a battery-operated radio like one Johnny Cash would play at night and the living-room sofa . The period icebox and corner cabinet were painted the apple-green color the siblings remember . The Dyess Colony was a federal agricultural resettlement community created in 1934 , part of President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's New Deal program in response to the Great Depression . The colony provided homes and jobs for about 500 poor farm families , including the Cash family . Johnny , called JR at the time , was 3 years old when his family moved into a Dyess home in 1935 . Johnny spent his childhood in Dyess , attending school and church in the town . He also suffered an enormous loss when his brother Jack was killed in a sawmill accident in 1944 . Cash left "  JR " behind and became Johnny when he left Arkansas for the Air Force in 1950 . Arkansas was an important influence on Cash , who told audiences how "  Five Feet High and Rising " and many of his other songs were influenced by his time living in Dyess . "  The little church in Dyess , Arkansas , has been such an inspiration to me , and  so have  the people from Dyess , " Cash said at the 40th reunion of Dyess High School in 1990 , in a video exhibited at the Dyess Colony Museum . Cash died in 2003 , leaving four daughters from his first marriage to Vivian Liberto . Cash and his second wife , singer June Carter Cash , had a son together . June Carter Cash died earlier in 2003 . The annual Johnny Cash Music Festival , which starts on Friday in nearby Jonesboro , has raised almost $ 2 million to fund the restoration project . Headliners for this year 's sold-out festival include Reba McEntire , Bobby Bare and Loretta Lynn , who are donating their performances , as have artists in previous years . With the restoration of Cash 's childhood home and nearby Dyess Colony Administration Building complete , work has already begun on the restoration of the historic Dyess Theatre adjacent to the administration building , to be used as a visitor center . In his 1997 autobiography , "  Cash , " he credited his state with inspiring his music . "  Back in Arkansas , a way of life produced a certain kind of music . " Inside Tommy Hilfiger 's ` shagadelic ' Florida digs CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this story	Johnny Cash Boyhood Home in Dyess , Arkansas , will open for public tours Cash lived in Dyess from the time he was 3 years old until he graduated from high school His time living in Arkansas was an inspiration to his music , Cash said
CNN  -- In his West Virginia home , Peter Ruplenas , a three-time war veteran spends his days thumbing through his personal photography collection . His compilation is vast and includes countless photographs of B-24 bombers , soldiers in the field and the aftermath of war . He holds up a photograph of himself taken by fellow photographer Dick Durrance during the Vietnam War . In it , Ruplenas trudges through a rice paddy after returning from a sweep in Cu Chi , Vietnam . He struggles to carry all his gear , but his grip is firm on his 35-millimeter camera . The photograph captures Ruplenas at the peak of his 29-year photography career and brings him back to a time when he says he was fearless . "  The minute I took the first picture I was completely relaxed . " "  I feel pretty proud of what I 've done , " says Ruplenas , a 91-year-old retired combat cameraman of World War II , Korea and Vietnam . How you can honor fallen U.S. troops He joined the Army in 1941 and within weeks of lacing up his boots , became a combat photographer . Combat photographers have long-served a tactical and strategic purpose -- their primary objective is to gather military intelligence . While some , like Matthew Brady and Robert Capa , have had storied careers , thousands of others worked in obscurity , their identity hidden behind the lens . Veteran Navy combat photographer Johnny Bivera says military photographers provide a valuable legacy . People like Ruplenas provide our society "  with documentation about a time and place in our history that has long changed and moved on . " Ruplenas recalls the nervousness he felt on D-Day in World War II , one of his first assignments . "  I hitched up a ride and a pilot let me go with him , I photographed the dozens and dozens of landing craft going in shore . We did n't drop one bomb because our targets in France were covered by fog and rain . " His company commanders soon realized his talent and encouraged him to take more photographs . Army Headquarters began reviewing his shots regularly to determine whether the United States had hit their hopeful targets . "  I love photography , " says Ruplenas . "  Anytime they had accidents , disasters , bombings , I flew out and photographed it . " How to help families of wounded U.S. troops Despite his deep appreciation for the job , he says the Korean War was the most difficult to cover . In addition to frostbite and seven days behind enemy lines with an all Korean guerilla group , he says it was the weather that proved to be most trying . "  It went from 60 to 70 degrees when we first landed to 32 below . I worked day in and day out , hardly any days off because I loved my job . " Throughout his photography career , Ruplenas mentored younger soldiers as they trained in his shadow . He did not like to get overly technical about photography . "  If anyone walked up to me and asked a technical question , I 'd say ask the next guy , " he says , laughing . But , says Ruplenas , "  I could tell you the best angle and the best way to get those photographs . " He says the best part of the job was photographing young American GIs and feels privileged to have had encounters with movie stars like Bob Hope , Tony Bennett and Patti Page during his military travels . Ruplenas has also encountered younger veterans in recent years who remember his work and credit him with helping them find a profession in photography . "  It makes you feel pretty good , " he says . Ruplenas retired from the Army in 1970 and says he now enjoys spending time with his granddaughter and seven adopted alley cats . He also loves going through his collection of photographs . "  When you hit 91 years old and you 've gone through three wars , you ought to ... just relax . " And while he does n't photograph as much as he used to , Ruplenas insists , "  without a camera , I 'm nothing . "	Peter Ruplenas is a retired combat cameraman of WWII , Korea and Vietnam Army Headquarters reviewed his shots regularly to see if the U.S. had hit their targets Ruplenas says best part of the job was photographing young American GIs
Seoul  CNN  -- The world knows North Korea for its loud and over-the-top warmongering rhetoric about the U.S. . But the true war is being fought in whispers , across secret phone lines and smuggled radios . And it 's those whispers that reveal how close the peninsula may be to an actual war . "  North Koreans want to go to war soon and unite the country . They want to get out of their difficult lives through war , " said Kim Seong Min , with Free North Korea Radio . "  North Koreans are not getting any information from the outside world . They think they will win if a war breaks out . " Kim is a foot soldier in the propaganda war . He hopes to turn North Korea 's people against the regime , broadcasting a message of democracy over the radio . He records commentaries and news bulletins that are blasted over a shortwave radio frequency . In his job , he speaks to paid sources who slip him information via Chinese mobile phones at the border . He also has sources within the elite Pyongyang military ranks . Kim says the angry war rhetoric is a product of Kim Jong Un 's weak standing as a new leader . "  Kim Jong Un is not even 30 years old and everyone in North Korea knows this . He also does n't have a solid position within the army . North Koreans are also not sure how to handle the fact that their leader is so young . " That 's similar to what defectors are telling the Daily NK , an online news site based in Seoul funded by a U.S. endowment . The Daily NK also has sources within the military elite and the general North Korean population . "  The sources we 're hearing from are exhausted with the drills and the mobilization of the masses . Some feel nationalistic pride that comes with the rhetoric out of North Korea . At the same time , they 're aware of the stagnant economy on the decline and the real need for change and opening , " says Daily NK 's Gregory Pence . Pence is a Chicago native who came to Seoul as a Fulbright scholar . He stayed to work on the mission of opening up North Korea 's human rights abuses to the international community . Pence says opinions at the Daily NK , which is staffed with North Korean defectors , vary . But many at the publication fear that poor decisions can be made in times of fear . What will hold back war , Pence believes , is regime preservation . "  North Korea risks outright annihilation . If a war broke out and escalated , it would cost the peninsula , the world , " Pence adds . "  In the end , North Korea would not exist . And the leadership is aware of that . "	True war on Korean Peninsula being fought in whispers , secret phone lines and smuggled radios S. Korean propagandist : Angry rhetoric product of Kim Jong Un 's weak standing as a new leader North Korean defectors work at Daily NK , a Seoul-based website monitoring North Korea Many at the publication fear that poor decisions can be made in times of fear
The woman 's eyes were swollen and red after she got off a plane in this violence-plagued Central American city Monday . She told CNN she 'd cried the whole way on the flight from New Mexico . Her 6-year-old daughter was beside her . They were among a group of about 40 mothers and children deported from the United States to Honduras on a chartered flight Monday -- the first group of Central Americans sent home under stepped-up U.S. efforts to crack down on illegal immigration . Asked about their journey to the United States , her 6-year-old daughter described the dangerous trek north in vivid detail : Stowing away on freight trains . Walking through a forest at night . Seeing monkeys and snakes . Despite the dangers , her mother told CNN she 'll probably make the trek again . There is nothing left for them in Honduras , she said . Officials from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security displayed similar resolve Monday , saying the flight was a sign of future deportations . "  Our border is not open to illegal migration and we will send recent illegal migrants back , " the department said in a statement . "  We expect additional migrants will be returned to Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador in the coming days and weeks . " The group deported Monday had recently crossed the U.S.-Mexico border and had been held in a new temporary immigrant detention facility that opened up in Artesia , New Mexico , late last month , Homeland Security officials said . In the Artesia facility , which can house up to 700 people and had about 400 within its confines Friday , officials say undocumented immigrants will be held until their legal cases are decided . The goal , officials said last week , is to process their cases in two to four days . Video conferences with judges have helped speed up the process , officials said . Before the facility opened up , groups of women with children from Central America were released on parole , dropped off at bus stations throughout the Southwest and told to report to Immigrations and Customs Enforcement Offices across the country in about a month . After meeting with House Democrats on Monday , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said authorities are building additional detention centers to house adults traveling with children . Officials are working to correct misinformation from smugglers , who 've claimed that there are "  free passes " for those coming to the United States . "  Beginning this week , we are sending family units back to Central America , so the message is ` We will send you back , ' " he said . The plane arrived Monday afternoon in San Pedro Sula , where violence has earned the city a reputation as the world 's murder capital . There were 18 mothers and 22 children on the plane that arrived in Honduras on Monday , first lady Ana Garcia de Hernandez told reporters , according to CNN affiliate Televicentro . The youngest child on the plane was just months old , she said , while the oldest one was 15 or 16 . She called for Hondurans to chip in to help the returning families and said officials were developing plans to better support them . "  These are people with dreams , with illusions , and who come  back  in very difficult conditions , who are seeing that their dreams were not made a reality , seeing their aspirations frustrated . Many of them return empty-handed , " she said . "  And the only thing they have are debts to pay because before leaving , they got rid of everything they had . " Hernandez , who spoke as busloads of Honduran children sent back from Mexico also were expected to arrive , said she was concerned that children were being deported . "  Clearly it worries us , " she said , "  because we have always spoken about ensuring the best interests of the children . " Sor Valdette Willeman , who heads the Honduran government 's program for returning migrants , says there 's no second flight of families deported from the United States scheduled yet , but officials are expecting more to come soon . Already , flights packed with Honduran adults deported from the United States arrive daily , she said . She said that she expected the children to arrive in good condition and that the United States has been doing everything possible to care for them and treat them in a dignified manner . President Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to fortify the U.S. Border Patrol and strengthen other programs for dealing with those crossing into the United States illegally as a surge of Central American women and children arrive on America 's doorstep . But the Republican-led House is not expected to move fast on the measure and does n't want to give Obama everything he wants . Some say tweaking a 2008 law combating immigrant trafficking might be enough to stem the flow . The White House has called the situation a "  humanitarian crisis . " Republicans prefer to call it one of the Obama administration 's making , and blame it for not being prepared and for an underwhelming response .	One deported Honduran woman says she may head back to the United States 40 people were deported from the United States to Honduras on Monday It 's part of stepped-up U.S. efforts to send recent undocumented immigrants back Honduran first lady says devastated families are returning empty-handed
In a stunning reversal , the VA 's acting inspector general now says that long wait times at VA health care facilities in Phoenix did contribute to a number of veterans ' deaths . In a hearing before the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs Wednesday , Acting Inspector General Richard Griffin was grilled by lawmakers about the findings of his office 's August report , which stated that while the investigation into 40 veterans ' deaths found "  poor quality of care , " the office was "  unable to conclusively assert that the absence of timely care caused the death of these veterans . " Rep. David Jolly , R-Florida , insisted that Griffin answer his questions in simple terms . "  Would you agree that wait lists contributed to the deaths of veterans ? Yes or no ? " he asked . "  Yes , they do , " Griffin replied . "  I would say that it may have contributed to their death , but we ca n't say conclusively it caused their death . " Committee chairman Rep. Jeff Miller , R-Florida , said the report actually shows that 83 vets died while waiting for care , either on a hidden wait list or a scheduling wait list . Additional information provided by the inspector general 's office to the committee shows "  an astonishing 293 total veteran deaths on all of the lists provided from multiple sources throughout this review , " Miller said . For more than a year , CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans ' deaths and delays at VA facilities all across the country , including detailed investigations in November and January 2013 examining deaths at two VA facilities in South Carolina and Georgia . Whistleblowers have their say Griffin 's testimony confirms and even goes beyond the original allegations brought forth by Dr. Sam Foote , a retired Phoenix VA doctor , who first appeared on CNN in April with detailed allegations that as many as 40 American veterans had died in Phoenix , waiting for care at the VA. . After Foote 's revelations , several other whistleblowers stepped forward with similar accounts of veterans waiting for care and possible deaths due to the delays . In testimony before the committee Wednesday , Foote accused the inspector general of stalling the investigation and protecting the senior officials responsible for perpetuating and hiding health care delays . Foote also alleged that the inspector general deliberately used confusing language and suppressed the finding that 293 veterans died waiting for care , a figure that was not included in the report . "  This report is at best a whitewash and at worst a feeble attempt at a cover-up , " Foote testified . He also faulted VA Secretary Bob McDonald for not increasing transparency at the agency , as he promised he would , and for his vow to not tolerate whistleblower retaliation . "  This report fails miserably in those areas with a transparency equivalent to a lead-line , 4-foot-thick concrete wall , " Foote said . Another whistleblower from the Phoenix VA also testified , charging that the inspector general downplayed evidence of harm to veterans and minimized the effects of medical administrators manipulating patient data and scheduling . Whistleblower says investigation has been a ` whitewash ' Dr. Katherine Mitchell , medical director of the Phoenix VA 's Post-Deployment Clinic , critiqued the inspector general 's review of patient cases and said delays potentially caused two deaths and others significantly shortened the lifespan of some terminally ill veterans . "  Death is death , and there is no way to get those veterans back , " Mitchell said . Wait times contributed to deaths Lawmakers also heard from Dr. John Daigh , an assistant inspector general who helped investigate the Phoenix VA , in Wednesday 's hearing . Rep. Phil Roe , R-Tennessee , challenged the IG 's report finding that patient wait times could n't conclusively be linked to deaths . "  To draw the conclusion , Dr. Daigh , that you did ... that it had no effect on the outcome of those patients , is outrageous , " Roe said angrily . "  If this were your family member , would you be happy with the explanation you just gave of his death ? My suspicion is no . " From the other side of the aisle , Rep. Beto O'Rourke , D-Texas , charged that "  common sense tells you " delays in care could certainly be linked to deaths of patients . Daigh also answered affirmatively to Jolly 's questioning about the relationship between wait lists and veterans ' deaths . "  Would you be willing to say that wait lists contributed to the deaths ? " Rep. David Jolly , R-Florida , asked . "  Yes . No problem with that . The issue is cause , " Daigh said . VA inspectors say Phoenix was in total ` chaos ' Problems at Phoenix VA In a document dated October 2013 that was recently obtained by CNN , the Phoenix VA conducted its own investigation into allegations that administrators incorrectly scheduled appointments and that senior officials discouraged the reporting of related problems . It issued a report saying many of the claims could not be substantiated . But when the VA 's Office of Inspector General later investigated the same charges , it found that Phoenix VA staff members manipulated appointment data and that senior officials were aware of the inappropriate practices . The Phoenix VA did confirm in its 2013 internal report that the wait times for mental health appointments were "  extremely long , " and that administrators discouraged patients from scheduling follow-up visits when they left the medical center . The VA 's 2013 report also found the process of hiring staff took too long , in some cases taking more than 60 days . But the Phoenix VA reportedly rejected the majority of allegations , which were raised by Dr. Mitchell , the whistleblower who testified before Congress Wednesday . On Mitchell 's charge that Phoenix VA officials actively discouraged the reporting of scheduling problems , the VA report found , "  There have been no findings ... that substantiate these allegations . " Many of Mitchell 's allegations in 2013 centered on inappropriate use of the Phoenix VA 's electronic wait list , a process for scheduling patients for next-available appointments . She charged that Phoenix VA administrators were not correctly trained on how to use this wait list and that they failed to appropriately track appointments , claims the inspector general later substantiated . At Wednesday 's hearing , congressional leaders from both sides of the aisle repeatedly criticized and chastised Griffin and his team of experts who examined what happened in Phoenix , with many lawmakers expressing exasperation and frustration that they were not getting truthful or clear answers . During the proceedings , Foote and Mitchell provided the committee with detailed reports containing allegations and information about what they see as a cover-up and conspiracy . Committee members will be going through these documents in coming days .	Richard Griffin , the VA 's acting inspector general , spars with committee Lawmakers and two whistleblowers from the Phoenix VA disagree with his findings CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans ' deaths and delays at VA facilities
CNN  -- Thailand 's Thongchai Jaidee and Korean Kim Do-hoon both carded eight-under-par rounds of 64 to lead the way after the opening 18 holes of the China Open at Jinji Lakes . Asian No. 1 Jaidee , who was forced to withdraw from last week 's Masters due to an elbow problem , posted a bogey-free round after receiving an injection for his injury prior to leaving Augusta . The 40-year-old told the official European Tour Web site : "  I played very solid after a week off last week . I had a good game plan . "  I was unable to practice on the course before , I only played two holes in the pro-am because the weather was terrible . "  But I hit a lot of fairways and a lot of greens and I made a lot of putts . Over the next few days , if my health stays OK , as my arm is getting better and better everyday , I hope to get better and better . " Kim , 21 , hit eight birdies and an eagle as he continued the fine form he showed when finishing third at the Chengdu Open tournament earlier this month . Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal , Welshman Jamie Donaldson and China 's Wen-chong Liang head the chasing pack two strokes behind , while American Ryder Cup captain Corey Pavin is among four players a further stroke back after carding a bogey-free 67 .	Thongchai Jaidee and Kim Do-hoon both card eight-under-par rounds of 64 The pair lead the way after the opening 18 holes of the China Open on Thursday American Ryder Cup captain Corey Pavin cards a bogey-free round of 67
CNN  -- It 's almost mandatory that articles about Scotland open by waxing lyrical about the land of tartan , bagpipes and heather . Yes , it has all that , but let 's try to get beyond golf courses and kilts , and explore what else this country has to offer . Not least is a fiery independent streak that could , depending on which way a September 18 referendum swings , see it break away from the UK to become a sovereign nation . That would mean travelers heading there might be eligible for another stamp in their passport . If they do go , here 's eight things they might need to know : 1 . Scotland loves politics Even without the independence referendum , Scotland is extremely political . So Holyrood -- the colossally expensive home of the Scottish Parliament -- is a good place to get a feel for contemporary events . The building still divides opinion  go on , ask a taxi driver what he thinks of it  , but guided tours are popular with locals and tourists -- as are the weekly shouting matches , otherwise known as First Minister 's Questions , that can be seen from the public gallery . Scottish Parliament building , Holyrood , Edinburgh ; +441313485000 2 . Scotland 's favorite dish is n't even Scottish ... Haggis , shortbread and scary pies are all well and good , but most Scots prefer to veer off the traditional menu when it comes to chow time . This should n't come as a surprise , particularly in multicultural Glasgow , where thousands of Asians , Italians and Eastern Europeans have settled over the past century . The South Asian subcontinent has won out with curry triumphing as the nation 's favorite dish . Glasgow has several top-notch curry restaurants , including Mister Singh 's in the West End which , now that it 's conquered the local cuisine , is creating distinctive Scottish-Indian fusion dishes , such as haggis chasni and mince and tatties  potatoes  curry . Mister Singh 's India , 149 Elderslie St. , Glasgow ; +441412211452 3 . ... But its favorite drink is Not all Scots like a drink , but whisky is perhaps Scotland 's most famous export . Distilleries punctuate the islands , Highlands and even the Lowlands of Scotland , and they 're all happy to provide tours and tastings -- for a fee of course . The Isle of Islay off the western coast of Scotland has no less than eight , thanks to the fertile peat bogs and pure water sources that inspired Irish monks to get brewing in the 14th century . Despite its global appeal , whisky is n't actually Scotland 's favorite beverage . That title goes to Irn Bru -- a lurid soda that can cure hangovers and , apparently , destroy carpets . 4 . It gave us the world 's first literary superstar Born in Edinburgh in 1771 , Sir Walter Scott was the best-selling author of historical novels such as "  Ivanhoe , " "  Rob Roy , " "  The Heart of Midlothian " and "  The Bride of Lammermoor . " All best sellers in Scotland and across the British Isles , they also had international reach , influencing writers in Russia and the United States . They 're also credited with shaping the Scottish identity . The author 's recently restored country home in the Scottish Borders , Abbotsford House , is packed full of Scott 's eclectic collection of unusual objects and historical artifacts that inspired his greatest poems and novels . Scott 's Abbotsford , Abbotsford , Melrose ; +441896752043 5 . Its railways are amazing Fans of Harry Potter -- created by J.K. Rowling , another literary superstar who 's lived in Scotland -- will remember the scene in which a steam train transports children to Hogwarts through spectacular countryside and crosses a dramatic viaduct . This is called Glenfinnan and forms part of the West Highland Railway Line running from Fort William to Mallaig . It even slows down so that the excitable kiddies have time to take pictures . Stunning views also form the backdrop of rail crossings over the Forth and Tay bridges spanning waterways on Scotland 's east coast . The rest of the rail network is still a cheap  ish  way to visit almost every corner of Scotland . ScotRail 's Freedom of Scotland Travelpass gives four days ' unlimited travel on trains , ferries and some bus and coach services , while the Kids Go Free ticket gives further discounts as well as free entry to a some of Scotland 's best attractions . 6 . It 's a bridge to Scandinavia While the chain stores on Edinburgh 's Princes Street may reflect the UK 's commercial grip on Scotland , its bleak , beautiful and distant islands seem to lean closer to Norway . That 's likely because many were once part of the Old Norse kingdom , only becoming Scottish after centuries of Scandinavian rule . The Western Isles changed hands in the 13th century , followed by Orkney and Shetland about 200 years later , but links are still strong . Many place names and island flags hark back to their Nordic roots and there 's even a direct flight between the coastal Norwegian city of Bergen and Shetland during the summer . The island of St. Kilda is a highlight . Once the westernmost point of the British Isles , this barren rock was once hope to a population with genetically large feet and prehensile toes that allowed them to clamber over its cliffs . St. Kilda was abandoned in 1930 and a ruined village now haunts its landscape . Caledonian MacBrayne Ferries ; +44  0  1475650100 7 . Bannockburn is still an issue The way some Scots go on about Bannockburn , you 'd think the battle there took place last year , and not in 1,314 years ago . This was the clash that saw Scotland 's King Robert the Bruce lead his outnumbered army to victory against the English army of Edward II , without a drop of Irn Bru to help them . Their tactics changed the path of Scottish history , helping forge a spirit of independence whose endurance must partly be responsible for the current referendum -- it 's a happy coincidence for Scottish nationalists that the vote takes place in the year of the battle 's 700th anniversary . Clearly Scottish memories do n't need much jogging , but there 's now help from a newly opened center that invites visitors to take their place on the battlefield and come face-to-face with the opposing kings . Battle of Bannockburn , Glasgow Road , Whins Of Milton , Stirling ; +448444932139 8 . Its summer festivals are better than its summers Shivering visitors might gripe that Scotland 's summer comes and goes in the time it takes to tell a joke , but at least there 's something to laugh about . That 's largely thanks to the Edinburgh Festival , which every August gathers some of the world 's best gagsmiths and future stars of comedy for a cavalcade of career-defining standup shows . To be pedantic , there 's no such thing as the "  Edinburgh Festival , " it 's actually a series of different overlapping festivals , but most locals and visitors lump them together . The highbrow Edinburgh International Festival is the oldest , around which the lower brow Edinburgh Festival Fringe established itself . These have been joined by more recent additions including the middlebrow Edinburgh International Book Festival . Locals are famously grumpy about thousands of "  creatives " descending upon the Scottish capital for a few weeks , but it 's still the best time to experience the city . Edinburgh Festivals ; Waverley Court , 4 E. Market St. , Edinburgh ; +441315296763 David Torrance is a Scottish broadcaster , writer and political historian .	Scotland 's favorite dish is Indian-style curry Whisky is Scotland 's biggest import , but its favorite drink is a soda called Irn Bru Many of the distant Scottish islands only became Scottish after centuries of Scandinavian rule
Vice President Joe Biden emphasized the issue of income inequality to a gathering of major donors and activists Friday night , telling them Democrats will work to address it to help working people , an attendee at the event told CNN . The remarks came during a reception for a coalition of liberal organizations called Democracy Alliance . Biden told the gathering that income in the United States is the most unequal it has been since the 1920s , according to an attendee , who spoke to CNN on the condition he not be identified since it was a private event . Income inequality appeared to be a priority for this audience , and has been a key focus for such leaders as Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts , who received a warm welcome when she spoke to the group Thursday . The vice president said key Democratic policies and philosophies resonate among Americans . The party had a good message ahead of the most recent election , which ended with Democrats losing seats in the House and losing control of the Senate , but its leaders did n't speak loudly enough to push it , Biden said , according to the source . Not all of the vice president 's remarks went over well , including his telling the group that Americans still prefer Democrats despite the electoral drubbing . "  No one responded , " said the source . Much of Biden 's talk Friday was personal in nature . He got emotional , according to the participant , when he recounted how his father could not get a loan for him to attend an Ivy League university -- and he said people in such situations need the country 's help . Biden talked about how his children have followed him into public service , despite it not being not the most lucrative profession . He joked he almost wishes he had a Republican kid so that "  his retirement would include a window with a view , " the attendee quoted him saying . He also got some laughs and applause recounting how he told then-Sen . Barack Obama -- when he accepted his offer to be his running mate in 2008 -- that he would not change his brand , a seeming reference to his reputation for outspokenness and occasional verbal missteps . The former Delaware senator said he speaks his mind and will continue to do so . Biden did not talk about whether he 'd run for president , something that he has been openly considering . Nor did he mention the hot-button issue of immigration reform , even as the Obama administration prepares executive action to prevent the deportation of millions of illegal immigrants .	Vice President Joe Biden addressed major donors and activists , attendee tells CNN He stressed the importance of addressing rising income inequality His remarks were well-received , but he did n't speak about his own 2016 intentions "  No one responded " when he said Americans still prefer Democrats , attendee says
CNN  -- Brazilian star Kaka expects to be joined by fellow world ` Galacticos ' as Real Madrid president Florentino Perez constructs a Spanish Primera Liga side that he hopes will rule supreme . Brazilian superstar Kaka expects to the first of several ` Galaticos ' joining Spanish giants Real Madrid . World Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo would join $ 100 million signing Kaka at the Bernabeu tomorrow if Perez had his way . So , too , would the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and David Villa . "  Real Madrid intend to build a great team , along with historic players such as Raul and Casillas , " said Kaka . "  We will make history again , both in Spain and Europe . I guess the sporting project is very good . The world 's 20 most wanted footballers . "  The president is already making contact  with potential signings  and is putting together a competitive team , one which will try to once again become champions . That 's why I chose Madrid . " Perez wants Real to rediscover the flair , verve and artistry that once made them the most celebrated club in world football . He recently returned for a second spell as president and the arrival of midfielder Kaka confirmed that he will again pursue the policy that snared the likes of Luis Figo , Zinedine Zidane , Ronaldo and David Beckham . Manchester United forward Ronaldo clearly tops the wanted list and according to PA Sport Perez told Onda Cero and Radio Marca : "  I will do everything possible to get Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid . Kaka is the first signing . " Quizzed about reports that United have allowed Ronaldo to sign a pre-contract with Madrid , he added : "  I have read about this but I have been at this club a week and not seen anything about this . " He added : "  What I want the most is to keep good relationships with other clubs . The only thing I have done is ensure we follow the path Santiago Bernabeu marked out for us ;  signing  the best players in the world  Alfredo Di Stefano  , the best in Spain  Amancio  and , with them , the best from the youth set-up  Raul  . " Indications are it will be a summer of change at Madrid with nine players likely to be on their way out . "  The squad  has 28 players . We can bring in six new and only register 25 , " he said . Perez , meanwhile , told Sky Italia : "  We are always thinking about great players . Cristiano Ronaldo and Zlatan Ibrahimovic are among other great players around the world . All the latest transfer gossip and speculation . "  We all know that these are players that we would like to buy but they ca n't all come . " The comments will not be too well received at United 's Old Trafford and Perez insisted any move for Ronaldo would be done via the right channels . "  Ronaldo is a great player who we would like to bring to the club , but first we have to speak to Manchester United because the important thing is for us to maintain a good rapport with everyone , " he said . Inter Milan striker Ibrahimovic is another target , although Madrid may have to compete with arch rivals Barcelona for the Sweden international , while Villa has also been earmarked . Spanish daily Marca claim Perez has an agreement in place with Villa 's club Valencia , whose financial position means they are unlikely to reject an offer which comes close to their valuation .	Brazilian Kaka expects to be joined by fellow world ` Galacticos ' at Real Madrid President Florentino Perez constructing a side that he hopes will rule supreme Cristiano Ronaldo , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and David Villa will be on the wanted list
CNN  -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital , Baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public Monday , Azerbaijan and U.S. officials told CNN . The Bibi Heybat Mosque , just outside the capital Baku . As a precaution , Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "  following security concerns nearby , " Britain 's Foreign Office said . The terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two U.S. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for Azerbaijan 's National Security Ministry told CNN . U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details "  are still unfolding , " and the threat "  may or may not be " linked to the Saturday raid . "  There were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy there , " McCormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted . Several days ago , an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku , the ministry spokesman and U.S. officials said . Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga , about 20 miles  32 km  northeast of Baku , the spokesman said . One suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep , the spokesman said . Several others are still at large , he added . He said the terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings . The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions . "  While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted , the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , " it said . Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic that borders the Caspian Sea , and lies just north of Iran . McCormack said U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume . He said he expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday , as well . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Igor Malakhov in Moscow , Zain Verjee in Washington and Roger Clark in London contributed to this report	Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. embassy in Baku The United States has reduced its embassy 's operations Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday
Two bombs struck near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday , turning a celebration into a bloody scene of destruction . Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said Monday night that the death toll had risen to three . Scores were injured at the scene . One of the dead was an 8-year-old boy , according to a state law enforcement source . Hospitals reported at least 144 people are being treated , with at least 17 of them in critical condition and 25 in serious condition . At least eight of the patients are children . At least 10 people injured had limbs amputated , according to a terrorism expert briefed on the investigation . Several of the patients treated at Massachusetts General Hospital suffered injuries to lower limbs that will require "  serial operations " in the coming days , trauma surgeon Peter Fagenholz said Monday night . Some injuries were so severe amputations were necessary , Fagenholz added . Full horror of the day emerges in emergency rooms In Washington , President Barack Obama vowed , "  Any responsible individuals , any responsible groups , will feel the full weight of justice . " Boston "  is a tough and resilient town , " he said , adding that Americans will stand by Bostonians "  every single step of the way . " ` Like a huge cannon ' The terrorist attack , near the marathon 's finish line , triggered widespread screaming and chaos , shattered windows and barricades and sent smoke billowing into the air at Copley Square . The blasts were about 50 to 100 yards apart , officials said , on a stretch of the marathon course lined with spectators cheering runners through the final yards of a 26-mile , 385-yard endurance feat . "  It felt like a huge cannon , " a witness told CNN about one of the blasts . Allan Panter , a doctor who was near the finish line waiting for his wife to finish the race , told CNN he was standing about 20 to 25 feet from the first blast . He said he treated victims on the street after the explosion . "  I saw at least six to seven people down next to me , " he said . "  They protected me from the blast . One lady expired . One gentleman lost both his  lower  limbs . Most of the injuries were lower extremities . " Flights banned over Boston Marathon blast site Bill Iffrig , 78 and a veteran marathoner , was nearing the finish when "  the shock waves just hit my whole body and my legs just started jittering around . " Iffrig , who can be seen in video of the explosion wearing an orange tank top , was helped to his feet by an event volunteer and had just a scratch from his fall , he told CNN . Federal authorities are classifying the bombings as a terrorist attack , but it 's not clear whether the origin was domestic or foreign , a federal law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation said . A federal law enforcement official told CNN that both bombs were small , and initial tests showed no C-4 or other high-grade explosive material , suggesting that the packages used in the attack were crude explosive devices . Another explosive device found Authorities in Boston found at least one other explosive device that they were dismantling , Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said . Rep. Bill Keating of Massachusetts , meanwhile , said two more were found . One unexploded device was found at a hotel on Boylston Street near the bomb site and another unexploded device was found at an undisclosed location , Keating , a Democrat and member of the House Homeland Security Committee , said . He called the bombing a "  sophisticated , coordinated , planned attack . " FBI to take lead in investigation , seeks bomb ` signature ' It was unclear who may have planted the marathon bombs . There were no credible threats before the race , a state government official said . There is no suspect in custody , but many people are being questioned , Davis said . Investigators warned police to be on the lookout for a "  darker-skinned or black male " with a possible foreign accent in connection with the attack , according to a law enforcement advisory obtained by CNN . The man was seen with a black backpack and sweatshirt and was trying to get into a restricted area about five minutes before the first explosion , the lookout notice states . Also , a Saudi national with a leg wound was under guard at a Boston hospital in connection with the bombings , but investigators can not say he is involved at this time and he is not in custody , a law enforcement official said Monday evening . In addition to scrutinizing images of surveillance cameras in the area , the FBI likely was issuing subpoenas for records from cell towers in the area to isolate and trace calls from around Copley Square at the time of the blasts , according to a former federal law enforcement official who now works in the intelligence community . The unexploded devices that were recovered could provide a treasure trove of information such as fingerprints and indications of the bomb maker 's design , and from the bombs that did explode , investigators would be looking for fragments and anything indicating the "  signature " of the bomb makers , the official told CNN . As authorities searched the scene , numerous suspicious packages were found , possibly because people fled the area , leaving items behind . Investigators were checking them . All off-duty Boston police were called in . The Marriott hotel at Copley Place was evacuated as a precaution . The Lenox Hotel was also evacuated as a precaution , the Boston Globe reported . ` Horrific day ' Crowds were in the area watching the runners take part in the world 's oldest annual marathon . It was also Patriots Day , commemorating the opening battle of the Revolutionary War . Within seconds , the festive occasion turned into devastation . "  This is a horrific day in Boston , " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said in a statement . "  My thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured . I have been in touch with the president , Mayor  Thomas  Menino and our public safety leaders . Our focus is on making sure that the area around Copley Square is safe and secured . I am asking everyone to stay away from Copley Square and let the first responders do their jobs . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder spoke with FBI Director Robert Mueller and U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz , a Justice Department official said . Holder has directed the full resources of the Justice Department to be deployed to ensure the matter is fully investigated , the official said . The Federal Aviation Administration placed a flight restriction over the site of the blasts . Other cities , including New York and Washington , tightened security as a result . Following standard protocol , the White House cleared out an area in front of the West Wing . Mike Baingon , who works at the Atlantic Fish Company in Boston , said an explosion took place in front of the restaurant and that he was right by the front door at the time . The explosions occurred at about 2:45 p.m. , more than two hours after the first of the race 's nearly 27,000 runners had crossed the finish line , CNN Producer Matt Frucci reported . The race was halted as was subway service into the area . Troops from the Massachusetts National Guard , already at the site as part of the marathon 's security and crowd-management plan , were assisting police as well . Eyewitness : ' I saw blood everywhere ' LZ Granderson : It can happen anywhere	A third person has died from the bombing , Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis says An 8-year-old boy was one of those killed The bombs were small , with no initial sign of high-grade explosive material , an official tells CNN Obama vows those guilty "  will feel the full weight of justice "
CNN  In the months after the ship sinking , Titanic survivor Lady Lucy Duff-Gordon 's correspondence to her friend in New York starts , as one might expect , with an appropriate amount of thanks for her concern . "  How kind of you to send me a cable of sympathy from New York on our safety , " Duff-Gordon writes in a letter that will go up for auction Wednesday in Boston . The remarks she writes next on her own personal letterhead dated May 27 , 1912 , indicate that not all were pleased with how things turned out . "  According to the way we 've been treated by England on our return we did n't seem to have done the right thing in being saved at all !!!! Is n't it disgraceful ? " Duff-Gordon said . Duff-Gordon and her husband , Cosmo , escaped the Titanic 's tragic end by boarding Lifeboat 1 , which transported 12 passengers despite having capacity for 40 . The prominent fashion designer and her husband were the only two passengers asked to testify during the British Wreck Commissioner 's inquiry into the famous ship 's sinking . Their testimony made them popular fodder for tabloids after allegations that Cosmo had bribed the crew to row away faster , rather than trying to rescue others . Lifeboat 1 became known as the "  Money Boat . " Rumors that the Duff-Gordons tried to deter the crew from making other rescues were never corroborated , but Lucy Duff-Gordon later said her husband was "  brokenhearted over the negative coverage for the rest of his life , " according to a release from RR Auction , the house responsible for the sale of the letter . Other artifacts also up for auction with Duff-Gordon 's letter include a teacup from the Titanic that was , according to the auction house , "  destined for the bottom of the Atlantic , " a guitar belonging to Johnny Ramone of the Ramones , and a three-page letter by Civil Rights activist Malcolm X written from a Norfolk prison in 1950 . In his letter , Malcolm X proclaims his allegiance to "  the Almighty God , Allah , " whom he credits with "  cleaning our polluted souls . " Before converting to Islam in 1948 , Malcolm X lived in Boston , where he befriended musicians at the Roseland State Ballroom where he worked . Though he renounced his former life , saying , "  Without Allah , no wonder we have so longingly turned so often to music for its comforting effects , " he wrote longingly of his former friends . A letter by Grateful Dead front man Jerry Garcia sent to a a former Vogue cover model whom he met at a New York party in 1980 will also go up for sale . The undated letter is postmarked June 22 , 1982 . Garcia asks the woman for mercy , indicating how rare such a letter is , saying , "  Pardon my handwriting , this is the first letter I 've written in years . " He includes a sketch of the band 's first outdoor performance , saying , "  Grateful Dead just played our first outdoor show of the year at a place called the Greek Theatre . " The historic Berkeley music venue would become a home base for the band , which would have celebrated its 50th anniversary this summer . Violin played as Titanic sank sells for $ 1.7 million	Titanic survivor 's letter up for auction in Boston Lady Lucy Duff-Gordon tells friend of "  disgraceful " treatment after rescue Malcolm X , Jerry Garcia letters also up for sale
CNN  -- Standing a head taller than the worthy , conventional and mostly rather dull entries in this season 's lackluster Oscar race , David Fincher 's "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " is a risky romantic epic , grand in ambition and design , alternately flawed and fabulous in execution . Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett star in "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " Sophisticated but oddball , "  Button " will be a challenge for the marketing men , but audiences who take the plunge will likely find themselves entranced -- if occasionally enervated . F Scott Fitzgerald 's slim novella presents enormous difficulties to the filmmaker . It is the story of a man born into a wizened and infirm body who gets younger as he ages . At 10 , he has the physique of a diminutive septuagenarian . At 20 , he looks like a 60-year-old . And so on , all the way to infancy and death . Between them , Fincher , star Brad Pitt , all the actors who play Benjamin at various ages , and some triumphant makeup and digital effects teams stitch together a character who is completely believable from first to last -- or last to first , if you prefer . Pitt , in particular , has never been better , and surely merits an Academy Award nomination even if his list of thanks would presumably entail extra minutes at the podium . Watch a preview of "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " " Benjamin 's adoptive mother , a practical-minded African-American woman named Queenie  Taraji P. Henson  , accepts the boy 's unusual condition with the forbearance of someone accustomed to life 's vicissitudes . In a clever invention from screenwriter Eric Roth  "  The Good Shepherd " and "  Forrest Gump "  , Queenie runs a caring home for the elderly , so Master Benjamin fits in reasonably well , though one old lady is disconcerted by his fondness for her granddaughter Daisy . Fitzgerald 's story is a pregnant philosophical conceit , like a peculiarly refined "  Twilight Zone " episode , set among Baltimore 's 19th-century gentry . Roth expands it into a rich Louisiana picaresque , ranging far and wide as Benjamin tastes romance in Russia with the wife of an English diplomat  a beguiling Tilda Swinton  , comes off second-best in an encounter with a German U-boat , and pursues Daisy , the love of his life , first to New York and then to Paris . If Daisy  Cate Blanchett  is a nod in the direction of another beloved Fitzgerald character , Button is more akin to a slightly savvier Gump than to Gatsby , constantly buffeted by time 's arrow and his outrageous fortune . He has better luck than Gatsby when it comes to romance -- though that has its own twist . The movie bides its sweet time , not all of it well spent . A framing device with Daisy on her deathbed , Hurricane Katrina brewing in the background , is cumbersome and not always as clear as it might be . A vignette with Elias Koteas as a clockmaker who loses his son in World War I and manufactures a station clock to turn back time is beautifully told , but it 's gilding the lily . Likewise , there 's an infuriatingly computer-generated hummingbird that pops up twice , a self-consciously poetic touch that feels heavy-handed and false . Despite these flaws , and others , the film 's bittersweet reverse angle on the aging process is inescapably moving . There is something beautiful about the trajectory which sees Benjamin and Daisy 's lifelong love affair blooming briefly in middle age , at the point where the scales come into balance , though Fitzgerald 's dry account of the relationship gradually falling apart is probably more honest . All the same , we 're left with a terrible sense of loneliness and loss as time inevitably takes its toll . David Fincher is famous for dark thrillers like "  Seven , " "  Zodiac " and "  Fight Club , " but this bizarre and graceful love story is as morbid in its own way . Everybody dies . Even that ornately decorated New Orleans architecture is doomed to crumble . But , even if "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " ultimately falls frustratingly shy of enduring greatness , Fincher does a beautiful job . After all , it takes an artist to make time stand still . "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " is rated PG-13 and runs 167 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " about a man who ages backwards Movie occasionally slow , but more often resonant and wonderful Star Brad Pitt , director David Fincher do great jobs , says CNN.com 's reviewer
CNN  -- Winning a pageant title is life-changing , especially during the year of your reign . If it 's a big crown , like a state title , it can be like a full-time gig as you prepare for the national event and make appearances . Elizabeth Fechtel set right to work after getting her tiara on June 21 , when she was named Miss Florida . She reportedly had even dropped out of the University of Florida so she could prepare for the Miss America contest in September . But now , she wo n't be going to the premier beauty contest . Pageant officials announced Friday there had been a mistake in tabulating what must have been very close final scores . And days after getting her crown , Fechtel was giving it back , so the Miss Florida organization could give it to Victoria Cowen , originally announced as first runner-up . The executive director of the pageant said on Facebook that the organization had to make things right . "  Integrity means doing the right thing at all times and in all circumstances . It takes having the courage to do the right thing , no matter what the consequences will be , " Mary Sullivan wrote . Fechtel 's mother , Dixie , told the Orlando Sentinel she was told that one judge changed his mind in the last 15 seconds and tried to indicate it on his ballot . "  It was a human error , " Sullivan told the paper . "  We have two auditors ... but they unfortunately missed one of the markings on the ballot . " Cowen , a student at Florida State , said on her Facebook page that she had bonded with Fechtel during their week at the competition . "  I know our friendship will remain strong , " she wrote , before going on to thank pageant officials for their honesty and integrity . In a blog linked off her Twitter page , Fechtel said : "  There is one big idea that I would like to emphasize : I was Miss Florida for a glimpse , but more importantly , I have been Elizabeth Fechtel since day one . A title does not define me . It opens doors , but it does not dictate who I am and where I am going . I would like to think of opportunities like this as stepping stones to my future . I can not deny that this was one of the biggest "  steps " I have come across , and I had become very comfortable and excited about the growth it would bring . " The Florida mix-up is similar to one in 2013 where the announced winner of Miss Universe Canada , Denise Garrido , gave up her crown after 24 hours when officials discovered a typographical error . And it comes just after Miss Delaware Amanda Longacre had her Miss America dreams squashed when officials ruled her out because she is too old under pageant rules .	Officials say there was a tabulation mistake Victoria Cowen was the actual winner and Elizabeth Fechtel had to give up her crown Fechtel writes on blog that she can not be defined by a title Recently a winner in Delaware was declared too old for Miss America contest
CNN  -- Fearful of a crackdown on undocumented workers , thousands of Cambodian migrants clutching children and towing their possessions in sacks and plastic bags , milled into a train station . They crammed inside in an orderly fashion -- mostly nervous and solemn -- as they waited for the train that will take them back to Cambodia . "  They told me the Thai military would arrest us , and they would shoot , " said Bo Sin , a Cambodian construction worker who was among those departing from the Thai border town of Aranyaprathet . When asked where he got this information , Bo Sin replied , "  It could be a rumor , people are passing along this information . " Many of the Cambodian workers echoed Bo Sin 's fears . They say they 're leaving because of talk of arrest and persecution -- unsubstantiated allegations that the Thai junta vehemently denies . But it has not stemmed the tide of Cambodian workers heading to the borders . About 140,000 migrant workers have fled Thailand causing bottleneck congestion at the border , said Joe Lowry , spokesman for the International Organization for Migration . "  I feel really afraid , and my mother also called me to return home , " said Ban Sue , a Cambodian cook who had worked at a Bangkok restaurant . Thailand has been under the control of the military since a coup in late May . Although tackling illegal migration has been one of the junta 's priorities , unease over the issue and the sudden change in government may have fueled the migrant workers ' concerns . Thai officials say there is no crackdown on undocumented workers and that it has been spurred by "  groundless news reports based on rumors . " Neither the junta nor local authorities have issued orders concerning migrant workers , said Sek Wannamethee , spokesman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Thailand in a press release . "  The rumor which was spread by unknown sources has caused panic among both Cambodian workers as well as Thai employers , " he said . "  Consequently , a number of Cambodian illegal workers have reported themselves to the Thai authorities to be repatriated voluntarily to Cambodia . " There has been no use of force or killings , Sek Wannamethee said . It remains unclear where talk of a clampdown originated . The International Organization of Migration , an intergovernmental group , estimates there are 150,000 Cambodian undocumented migrants in Thailand with the majority of them working in construction or agriculture . Thailand is believed to have about two million documented foreign migrant workers from countries including Myanmar , Cambodia and Laos who work in low-paying jobs that Thais are unwilling to do , according to a news service for the U.N. Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Foreign workers are often vulnerable to police harassment and exploitation , advocates say . "  Many of these people are severely economically disadvantaged and have spent all their savings , if they had any , to get this far , " said Brett Dickson , IOM 's team leader in Poi Pet , Cambodia , in a news release . In recent decades , relations between Cambodia and Thailand have been dogged by border issues , tensions over an area surrounding the ancient Preah Vihear temple , and the 2003 burning of the Thai embassy in Phnom Penh by rioters . Slaves at sea : Report into Thai fishing industry finds abuse of migrant workers	Organization : 140,000 Cambodian migrant workers leave Thailand Workers cite fears and anxieties of a potential crackdown Thailand officials say there is no crackdown on migrant workers
CNN  -- A bank that received $ 1.6 billion dollars of the government 's bailout money sponsored what reports are calling a lavish series of events in Los Angeles , California , last weekend . Northern Trust sponsored a Professional Golf Association tournament and associated client events . Northern Trust , based in Chicago , Illinois , spent an undisclosed amount of money sponsoring a Professional Golf Association tournament and associated client events , including concerts , dinners and parties , according to celebrity Web site TMZ.com . The bank spent millions of dollars on the event , which included -- on top of the sponsorship costs of the Northern Trust Open tournament -- concerts by Sheryl Crow and Earth Wind & Fire , a private party at music venue House of Blues and gift bags from Tiffany & Co. , the Web site said . Watch splashy concerts , parties " According to TMZ.com 's report , employees and clients attending the tournament dined on seared salmon and petite Angus filet and stayed at some of Los Angeles ' most elegant and expensive hotels . Doug Holt , senior vice president of communication for Northern Trust , confirmed to CNN that his bank sponsored the tournament and its events but , he said , not at taxpayer expense . Holt told CNN that as a "  healthy " bank , Northern Trust did not seek the $ 1.6 billion it received from the government as part of the U.S. Treasury 's Capital Purchase Program , but that it "  agreed to the government 's goal of gaining the participation of all major banks in the United States . " "  This is the second year Northern Trust is sponsoring the Open as part of a five-year contract , " Holt said . The contract was signed in 2007 , before the government 's Capital Purchase Program to aid banks came into existence . Holt also said that the sponsorship is an "  integral part of Northern Trust 's global marketing activities , " and as with all marketing , advertising , corporate sponsorship or charitable activities , no taxpayer money was used to fund the weekend events . But that assurance does n't seem to be enough for some . Rep. Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , the House Financial Services Committee chairman , is writing a letter to Northern Trust asking the bank to pay back the money it spent , according to Frank 's spokesman . "  We are asking Northern Trust to repay the government the equivalent of the funds they spent on the tournament and related events , " Steve Adamske of Frank 's staff told CNN . Northern Trust announced it was laying off 450 employees in December of last year , with the bank saying the move was part of a number of actions "  to better position the company for improved profitability and continued global growth during these difficult economic conditions . " Last year , Northern Trust earned an operating net income of $ 641 million . TMZ.com , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner .	Chicago-based Northern Trust received $ 1.6 billion from U.S. government Web site TMZ.com says bank held lavish events in Los Angeles last weekend Employees , clients dined on seared salmon and petite Angus filet , TMZ.com reports U.S. Rep. Barney Frank says he wants bank to pay back money it spent on events
CNN  -- Former Weather Underground militant Bill Ayers will appear at the University of Wyoming on Wednesday after a federal judge ruled he ca n't be barred from speaking on campus . U.S. District Judge William Downes ordered Tuesday that the university must take "  all prudent steps " to guarantee Ayers ' security at his lecture . The university had argued that "  serious threats " prompted it to cancel the appearance by Ayers , who is now a University of Illinois education professor . Downes ' two-page order requires university officials to take "  all prudent steps to maintain order and provide for the security of participants and spectators . " University officials wo n't appeal the order , said spokeswoman Jessica Lowell . University President Tom Buchanan said the school "  will do everything in our power to provide a safe and secure environment for his visit . " Ayers became a footnote to the 2008 presidential campaign because of his history of violent opposition to the Vietnam War and his acquaintance with then-candidate Barack Obama . Some prominent Republicans suggested that Ayers was a shadowy influence on Obama during his 2008 presidential bid . GOP presidential candidate John McCain urged Obama to "  come clean " about his relationship with Ayers and vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin accused Obama of "  palling around with terrorists . " Ayers and Obama served on the Annenberg Challenge board and on the board of another Chicago , Illinois , charitable foundation , the Woods Fund , in the 1990s . A CNN review of the two men 's history found nothing inappropriate in their dealings , and Ayers later called the attacks "  a profoundly dishonest narrative . " David Lane , a lawyer for Ayers and University of Wyoming student Meghan Lanker , called Tuesday 's ruling "  inspirational " and "  a huge victory for the First Amendment . " Ayers was scheduled to speak on education issues at the university in early April , but the longstanding invitation drew controversy as the date neared . Republican candidates for governor condemned the school for inviting him , and in court papers Lanker stated she was told Ayers ' appearance "  would inflame public sentiments " and hurt the university . But university officials said they pulled the plug because they had "  serious threats and other information concerning potential violence " and argued that Ayers could speak freely somewhere else . "  The UW administration did not bar Ayers from campus , but denied permission to rent space for a large event on university property because of serious security concerns , " Buchanan said on the school 's website . Ayers was a leader of the Weather Underground , a radical anti-war group that claimed responsibility for bomb attacks on the U.S. Capitol , the Pentagon and about 20 other targets . No one died in those attacks , though three Weather Underground members blew themselves up building another bomb in 1970 . Ayers and his wife , fellow Weather Underground member Bernadine Dohrn , spent a decade on the run before surrendering to authorities in 1980 . The charges against him were dropped due to illegal wiretaps and prosecutorial misconduct .	Federal judge orders university to allow ex-radical William Ayers to speak Judge also orders University of Wyoming to ensure his safety Speech was canceled over security concerns , university officials say Ayers is former leader of Weather Underground
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong newspaper editor Kevin Lau , who became the center of controversy last month after being sacked from his post , is fighting for his life after being stabbed multiple times by an unknown attacker in Hong Kong , police say . Lau , who was walking to his car at the time of the attack early Wednesday , was left bleeding with life-threatening injuries to a lung , his wife told journalists . Lau was taken to the city 's Eastern Hospital . The assailant escaped after jumping onto a motorcycle that was being driven by another man , police say . Last month , journalists were outraged when Lau was suddenly sacked from his post as the chief editor of Ming Pao , a newspaper known for its hard-hitting reporting on China . Over 90 % of Lau 's staff filed a petition demanding an explanation for Lau 's removal , and some Ming Pao writers left their columns blank in protest . ` Outraged ' Hong Kong 's chief executive C.Y. Leung issued a statement Wednesday , saying he was "  indignant " and "  outraged " at the attack on Lau . "  Hong Kong is a society ruled by law , and we will not tolerate this kind of violence , " he said . Hong Kong Journalists Association vice-chairman Shirley Yam said she felt "  terrified . " "  No journalist should be subject to violence , " she told CNN . "  I have known Kevin for 30 years and I can not think of any reason why anyone would try to kill him . " Worrying trend The attack on Lau comes in the wake of Sunday 's demonstration by thousands of Hong Kongers protesting what they see as rapidly escalating efforts by China 's Communist Party to control Hong Kong 's media . During the protest many of Lau 's former colleagues spoke , saying Lau 's dismissal reflected a worrying trend of media repression in the former British colony . Wednesday 's incident is not the first example of a physical attack on Hong Kong 's media . Last June , knife-wielding arsonists threatened workers and burnt 20,000 copies of the Apple Daily , another Hong Kong newspaper critical of the government . The Foreign Correspondents Club of Hong Kong released a statement Wednesday . "  The growing number of attacks against members of the press in Hong Kong needs to be taken seriously by the local administration , " the document said . "  Hong Kong 's reputation as a free and international city will suffer if such crimes go unsolved and unpunished . " French-based Reporters Without Borders ranked Hong Kong 61st worldwide in press freedom in 2014 -- a far cry from its 18th place ranking in 2002 , when its surveys were first conducted . READ MORE : Hong Kong press freedom at all-time low	Former Ming Pao chief editor Kevin Lau stabbed three times Lau is in critical condition ; attackers are still at large Lau was sacked as editor last month , stirring outcry about Hong Kong 's press freedom
CNN  -- Sid Caesar was a man of many words . The comic , writer and star of "  Your Show of Shows " who died Wednesday knew his way around a punch line . Here are just a few of his pithy quotes and clips of some of his performances : "  Comedy has to be based on truth . You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end . " "  The guy who invented the first wheel was an idiot . The guy who invented the other three , he was a genius . " "  If you listen to a language for 15 minutes , you know the rhythm and song . " "  When I did comedy I made fun of myself . If there was a buffoon , I played the buffoon . " "  There 's a now , a was , and a gon na be . Now is now , and after now is a was . And what comes after the was is a gon na be . It has n't happened yet . It 's gon na happen as soon as the now is over . But if you have a good now , you 're bound to have a good was and a good gon na be . "	Sid Caesar was a comic and writer He was well known for making up languages He once said he played the "  buffoon "
CNN  -- Jose Maria Olazabal is looking forward to the biggest challenge of his career after being named as Europe 's new team captain for the 2012 Ryder Cup . The 44-year-old Spaniard takes over from Colin Montgomerie , having been one of the Scot 's vice-captains as Europe regained golf 's most prestigious prize from the the United States in October . He has a rich playing record in the biennial event , having been a winner on three occasions in seven appearances since his debut in 1987 . "  The Ryder Cup is welded in my heart . I do have wonderful memories . It has meant so much to me , " Olazabal told reporters at his unveiling in Abu Dhabi on Tuesday . "  It 's a huge responsibility to be the next captain , and it 's I think one of the biggest challenges , if not the biggest challenge , I will have in my career , especially at this time of my career . " Olazabal is a two-time major winner having triumphed at the U.S. Masters in 1994 and 1999 , and he is eighth on the European Tour 's all-time list with 23 victories , but he has battled ill health in recent years . His last Ryder Cup appearance was a winning one in Ireland in 2006 , though he played only three events last year as he continued his fight against rheumatism -- a factor that had forced him to play down reports that he would become Europe 's captain . "  That was the main concern . Regarding that , the last couple of months , since I played Valderrama last year , I felt a noticeable improvement in my health condition , " Olazabal said . "  There should be no problem . I 'm feeling much better and that 's the reason why I said yes . " While Montgomerie said following the epic final-match victory at Celtic Manor in Wales that he expected changes to the team selection policy , Olazabal does not intend to make any drastic moves ahead of the qualification period starting in September . The U.S. team allows for four captain 's picks to be made outside the eight places on offer through rankings points , but Olazabal said he was considering asking to reduce his wildcard selection from three to two for the trip to Illinois . "  The more picks you get , well , the less value I think you give to the players that finish from eight to 10 , and I think to finish in the top 10 you have to play great golf , and it was proven the last time , " he said . McDowell clinches Ryder Cup for Europe "  And to make the top 10 , five through the world rankings and four through the European Tour rankings , you need to have an extremely great year . And it would be a shame to tell any of those guys , you 're not in . " Former Ryder Cup star Thomas Bjorn , who heads the European Tour Tournament Committee , said Olazabal had been a unanimous choice . "  Speaking to players on tour and speaking to committee members , it was probably the easiest decision I 've ever have to make for Ryder Cup captain , " the Dane told reporters . "  We normally do it at a committee meeting . But there was a general feeling from the whole membership that Jose needed to be the next captain . We did n't feel that we needed to sit in a committee meeting and discuss this , because it was the one man that everybody on this tour wanted to be captain . "	European Tour members choose Jose Maria Olazabal as Ryder Cup captain Spaniard was vice-captain in last year 's winning team and has played seven times The 44-year-old says he is winning his battle against ill health that has hampered him He is considering reducing captain 's wildcard picks from three to two
Dumfries , Virginia  CNN  -- Retiree Robert Stevens says he often turns off the television when the attack ads appear , and he hangs up the phone when it 's a presidential campaign calling . "  I want to make my own independent decision , " Stevens said in a lunchtime conversation this week at Harold and Cathy 's Dumfries Cafe . "  I do n't want anybody shoving stuff down my throat . " Four years ago , Stevens recalls being "  fed up with Bush " and intrigued by the idea of being part of history . "  I voted for Mr. Obama , " he said . "  It was something different for the country . Something that had n't happened before -- a black president . I got caught up in that a little bit . But I think he is a disappointment . I do n't see jobs coming back . The housing market is coming back a little bit . But unemployment is still way above where it should -- where he predicted it would be . " Yet this self-described independent is n't sold on Mitt Romney , either . "  Absolutely not . At this point I do n't know who I am going to vote for . " Why do you identify as an independent ? His choice could go a long way in deciding who wins Virginia and the White House . Do the math : CNN 's Electoral College calculator Then-Sen . Obama in 2008 ended a streak of 10 consecutive Republican presidential wins in Virginia , and he did it by winning big in the northern Virginia suburbs within an hour or so drive from the nation 's capital . In NOVA -- the local shorthand for northern Virginia -- the president had a 234,000-vote margin over GOP nominee John McCain . In the rest of the state , the two split the vote evenly . "  It 's all about Northern Virginia , " said Virginia-based GOP pollster Whit Ayres . "  So many people have moved into Northern Virginia , particularly from the Northeast -- Democratic areas -- that they 've turned a solid red state into a purple state . " Romney campaign reports massive fund-raising haul Democratic Rep. Gerry Connolly is one of those transplants ; he moved to the area from Boston years ago while working as a staffer on Capitol Hill . Now , his district sits in the suburbs that have the potential to ruin Mitt Romney 's night even before the polls close in the Midwest and West . "  A lot of people are focused on Ohio , but I really think it is just as conceivable that , frankly , the epicenter of this outcome is going to be right here in Virginia , " Connolly said in an interview at an Obama campaign office in the heart of Prince William County . "  These 13 electoral votes are pretty critical . " By the numbers : Swing states It 's a tossup heading into the final days . Ayres likes the trend line . "  If you look at the dozen polls in Virginia taken before the first presidential debate on October 3 , Obama was ahead in all 12 , " Ayres said in an interview at his office in Alexandria . "  If you look at the eight polls taken after the first presidential debate , Romney was ahead in six of the eight . "  Clearly the momentum is going in Romney 's direction . Is it enough to win ? We 'll find out . " Polls : Dead heat in Colorado ; Obama with slight advantage in Nevada Top Obama advisers are more worried than they were just weeks ago , and some privately say it does look more likely that Romney will eke out a Virginia win . But Connolly is betting against it . He said the Republicans ' effort to sound a more moderate tone of late is smart strategy , but he predicts it wo n't work . "  I think there is a trust factor with that , " Connolly said . "  My constituents remember the Republican primaries . They do n't suffer from amnesia . I think that 's a tough sell for Mitt Romney . " Spend an hour at Harold and Cathy 's and it 's obvious the president retains deep suburban support . But there also is evidence of doubts that give Romney the opening to at least cut into the president 's margins here , something he must do to have any chance of winning statewide . Mona Phillips is a registered Democrat . But she is voting Republican for president . Now that 's not a lost vote for Obama -- she voted GOP in 2008 , too . Obama campaign reports $ 90.5 million haul in start of October Still , not bringing her back into the Democratic fold could ultimately hurt . "  Mr. Obama promised so many things that I did n't believe he could do it , and he has proven he could n't do it , " Phillips said . "  I 'm going to vote for Romney . I have confidence in him . He has proven that he knows business and he makes it work . " Like Stevens , Phillips is no fan of the attack ads . But she said living in the pivotal area of a swing state makes it impossible to escape the campaign . "  Two or three times a week we will get a phone call , " she said with a roll of the eyes . "  I also got two ads yesterday out of the mailbox . " Stevens said you can escape it "  if you turn off the TV . I see enough of it on the news every night . I just want to be able to sit back and clear my head and read . " By reading , he means news articles and other research he gathers on the candidates . Little-known candidates could harm Romney , Obama bids He may be doing his best to ignore it , but both campaigns are working the state feverishly in the final days -- knowing their get-out-the-vote effort is likely to determine who wins this hotly contested battleground . Both claim the ground war edge . The Obama campaign 's case :  More than 60 field offices across Virginia .  Grass-roots organizing dating back to early 2009 .  A 19 % increase in the number of Latinos registered to vote since 2008 , and a 7 % increase of African-American registration .  Just shy of 60 % of those registering to vote in the last two months are younger than 30 . The GOP 's counterargument :  More than 1 million door knocks .  5 million voter contacts .  Improved absentee and early voting numbers from 2008 . Stevens will cast his ballot the old fashioned way : in person on Election Day . "  It 's the economy -- jobs , " he said of the overriding issue . "  I think the upper-income people should pay a little more . That 's where I flip on the Obama side on this thing . By the same token , I see the big picture . I just think we need a change . " If he had to vote today ? "  I 'm pretty much undecided . It 's kind of scary . I thought I would have been there by now . But I will be by Election Day . " Could Obama 's struggles with white voters cost him the election ?	Self-described independent disappointed with Obama but not sold on Romney Democrat did n't vote for Obama in 2008 because she did n't think he could keep promises GOP pollster says transplants have turned traditionally red state into a purple state Democratic congressman says Romney image from primaries will come back to haunt him
CNN  -- It is always risky to make predictions about the Supreme Court 's decisions based on what is or is not said by lawyers and justices at oral argument . It is also almost impossible to resist the temptation to hunt through the transcripts for clues and tea leaves . On Wednesday , the justices heard arguments in a case called Town of Greece v. Galloway , which involves a challenge to a small New York town 's practice of opening its board meetings with short prayers , delivered by volunteers . A lower federal court ruled last year that the town of Greece 's prayers -- but not necessarily all legislative prayers -- violate the First Amendment 's rule against "  establishments " of religion . Arguing for those challenging the prayer was one of the most respected legal scholars in America , Douglas Laycock . As his argument time was running down , Justice Elena Kagan -- one of the two justices nominated by President Obama -- shared an interesting and revealing observation . She emphasized how important it is to "  maintain a multireligious society in a peaceful and harmonious way " and then added , "  every time the court gets involved in things like this , it seems to make the problem worse rather than better . " A clue ? Perhaps . The Supreme Court 's decisions and doctrines about church-state relations , religious liberty , and the role of faith in public life are regularly criticized as unpredictable and unprincipled . Why , for example , is a large Ten Commandments monument on the grounds of the Texas State Capitol acceptable while a display in a Kentucky courthouse that includes a framed copy of the Ten Commandments is not ? Why did the justices permit a Rhode Island city 's Christmas display , which included a creche , but disapprove Pittsburgh 's , which did also . To many observers , the court 's rulings seem to have done more to cause discord and dissonance than -- borrowing Kagan 's words -- peace and harmony and , at Wednesday 's session , many of the justices appeared to share her concern . Over and again , they pressed the attorneys to identify clear lines and straightforward rules that courts , legislators and citizens might use to separate permissible religious solemnizations from unconstitutional religious establishments . It would be clear and straightforward , of course , to say the Constitution bans all officially sponsored prayers at government meetings and functions . However , to say this would also conflict glaringly with American history and traditions , going back to the founding . In fact , one of the first things the first Congress did when it assembled in 1789 was to select chaplains for the House and the Senate . This is why , 30 years ago , in the case of Marsh v. Chambers , the court held that legislative prayers offered by a paid chaplain did not violate the First Amendment and it is probably also why none of the justices indicated that he or she is inclined , at this late date , to change course so dramatically . Nor did a majority of the justices seem inclined to treat volunteer-led prayers at town board meetings like potentially coercive invocations at public school graduations and football games . One suggestion to the justices was that legislative prayers be "  nonsectarian " and avoid religious issues and theological claims on which there is significant disagreement . Several of the justices appeared to agree that this would be a sensible policy . At the same time , most were leery of making this good practice a constitutional requirement , of forcing trial court judges into the tricky and delicate business of parsing and perusing prayers , or of policing a line between allowable prayers that invoke "  almighty God " and over-the-line ones that address "  Jesus Christ . " Our country is , as Kagan noted , a "  multireligious society " and so it is both unsurprising and unavoidable that Americans sometimes disagree about the role and place of religious faith in our public life . It is just as much a fact about our country that , from the very beginning , we have tried to respect religious faith and protect religious liberty , in private and in public . Our tradition and practice has not been to regard public acknowledgments of religion and public requests for divine guidance as inconsistent with our founders ' wise decision to distinguish between , or "  separate , " church and state . A decision by the court to uphold the town board 's prayers in Greece will probably not clear up all the questions about or patch up all the holes in the court 's First Amendment case law . However , such a decision , one that relies on precedent and avoids any dramatic changes in direction , will avoid making things worse . And , as Kagan reminded us , that is no small thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Garnett .	Supreme Court hears case challenging prayer at town board meeting Richard Garnett says court will likely be reluctant to uphold a ban on such prayers Garnett : Constitution prohibits establishment of religion , but public prayers have long history Garnett : U.S. has long tried to protect both religious faith and religious liberty
Washington  CNN  -- Thursday , December 13 , may have been one of the luckiest days of Susan Rice 's life . It may not feel that way now since she had to set aside for the moment her longtime dream of becoming secretary of state . But it is one thing to be secretary of state in theory and it will be quite another to be America 's top diplomat during the next several years . Rice , it must be said , was cheated out of a job for which she was well-qualified by a broken political system in Washington . She became a pawn in the campaign battle between the president she has ably served at the U.N. for the past four years and Republicans who sought to make her a scapegoat for the tragic mess that took place in Benghazi on September 11 . She did nothing wrong except to do what an administration spokesperson is supposed to do , present the unclassified facts of the case as they were known and as her colleagues in the White House , intelligence and diplomatic communities concluded they ought to be presented . Democrat ` extremely upset ' with Rice 's withdrawal Sen. John McCain led the effort to block her possible nomination as secretary of state with the assistance of colleagues like Sens. Lindsey Graham and Kelly Ayotte . The fact that this forced Rice to submit a letter to the president withdrawing her nomination reflects the amount of power our system gives even one or two senators who are intent on blocking or dragging out a nomination . It may be a testimony to McCain 's influence and his tenacity . It will certainly not be seen as a high water mark in his distinguished career . His opposition was petty , partisan , disproportionate to the facts of the Benghazi case that he used to frame his opposition , and inconsistent with the spirit that should prevail when a president presents or even floats his choice for a job as one of his top advisers . Rice withdraws from consideration as secretary of state What the withdrawal of the Rice nomination was not was a sign of presidential weakness . Quite the contrary , the decision by the White House to accept Rice 's withdrawal from consideration and allow her to remain as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations showed considerably more wisdom and public-spiritedness than was evinced at any time by the opposition . Great international challenges loom for the United States . To subject the country to a long drawn-out confirmation battle simply to prove who has the upper hand and in so doing to potentially weaken the eventual occupant of the office Thomas Jefferson was the first to hold would be of no benefit to anyone in the United States . The president had other good choices and would have access to the advice and service of Rice from her post at the U.N. . He did n't blink . He kept his eye on the ball . Now , it seems likely that sometime in the next few days , the president will nominate someone else to the Foggy Bottom job . It is rumored that person may be Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts . Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , is among the most qualified possible candidates for the job and would have no problem getting confirmed . McCain , in fact , is a close friend of his . Whoever gets the nod , however , may someday wish they did not . For one thing , the next secretary of state has very big shoes to fill . Hillary Clinton has been exceptional in the job , leading a remarkable resurgence in U.S. diplomacy , playing a central role in helping to restore America 's standing in the world , being an architect of resetting this country 's international priorities from the pivot to Asia to the recognition of the importance of emerging powers worldwide , from embracing the power of new information age tools of diplomacy to continuing her lifelong effort to win greater equality for women and other disenfranchised populations . There 's an old saying in Washington that one secret to job success is picking the right predecessor and in that respect , whoever is next has a tough act to follow . More daunting by far is the world that will confront the next secretary . Not only do we face a situation in the greater Middle East that may be more dangerous than it has been at any time in history , but in case after case , America 's leverage is weak , our options are lousy and our enemies are well-positioned . Opinion : An unfair portrait of Susan Rice Egypt was a vital partner for peace and is now , at best , a question mark . Its new leader , Mohamed Morsy , has shown a propensity for authoritarianism and the group he represents , the Muslim Brotherhood , has extremist elements within it that many in the region fear may be inclined to help spread unrest to other moderate states like Jordan or some of those in the Gulf . President Bashar al-Assad may be teetering in Syria but the chaos that will follow his fall is likely to be as great as is our uncertainty about the motives and capabilities of many in the opposition . Iran continues to taunt the world with its seemingly relentless drive to acquire nuclear weapons and it may be that in the next year the United States will be confronted by the question of whether we are willing to use military force to stop them . Al-Assad losing control but showing no signs of leaving Iraq and Afghanistan were challenging during the past four years to be sure . But President Obama was elected essentially to get out of these places and he made great strides in both in that respect . But now comes the hard part . In Iraq , the regime we have supported has been far too close to Iran , corrupt and may not be able to hold the country together . In Afghanistan , we may find that the only way to leave the country with a semi-stable government is to give substantial power to members of the Taliban , the group we sought to get rid of when we invaded the country . Neighboring Pakistan , with scores of nuclear weapons , a massive , struggling population and uncertain politics , is considered by many to be the most dangerous place in the world . We may have gotten Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders , but the terror network and others are resurgent , gaining strength across the Middle East and spreading into Africa . Obama 's cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? Europe continues to struggle with its severe economic problems . Japan has lurched into recession again . North Korea is testing long-range missiles . Japan and China are nose to nose in a dispute over contested islands . China itself is not only a rising rival but a vital economic partner , a place presenting equal portions of opportunity and risk . Further , the Chinese leadership is new and will be testing the United States and , at the same time , using whatever measures it must to maintain stability at home . Russia is causing trouble in Syria . We have great domestic challenges at home . We have done nothing to address global warming and the consequences are becoming ever more apparent . Our international institutions are as weak as we long ago designed them to be and there is little appetite to make them stronger even though the proliferation , climate , trade , financial and health challenges we face all strongly suggest they must be . While America itself may be entering a resurgent period , our recovery is likely to be fragile and clearly , as the Rice incident and the fiscal cliff clown show illustrate , Washington is bereft of the ability to do even the minimum we might expect of it . None of this means calamity is certain . None of this assures American decline . I for one , believe the United States will be the world 's sole superpower for many decades to come . But what it does mean is that over the next four years we will face extraordinary challenges worldwide and at home . And for those reasons , it may well be that being the next secretary of state will be every bit as great a trial as it is an honor . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	Rothkopf : Susan Rice may be lucky not to achieve her dream of becoming secretary of state He says whoever gets the job faces a bleak prospect of dealing with U.S. global woes Hillary Clinton will be a difficult act to follow as the nation 's chief diplomat , he says Rothkopf : Obama made the right call here ; John McCain got it wrong
It has been in operation only since October 30 , but the Facebook page for "  Giving back to those affected by Sandy " has a longer timeline than most Facebook members . The page , started by the group "  BK girls give back , " began as a way to help people stranded in areas with no cell service or way to communicate after the superstorm . Soon , it took on a life of its own . Shelters in need of supplies , residents in need of a ride , organizations needing volunteers and even people who lost and found pets all posted on the timeline . "  The page was started for us to just keep track of our friends and family that needed help , " said Christina Karaba , one of the "  BK girls " and an employee of Turner Broadcasting , CNN 's parent company . She says they 've had 1.2 million hits . "  Giving back " is just one of many pages , like "  Help Brooklyn , " "  Sandy HELP , " "  Surviving Sandy " and "  Sandybaggers , " where people looking to help victims of the storm come together to share information . Indeed , Facebook says , after the storm , there were as many as 700 groups with "  Hurricane Sandy " in the title . One page , "  Hurricane Sandy Acts of Kindness , " lists posts from those looking to help victims and those looking to highlight acts of kindness toward the storm 's victims . Stories fill the page , from someone paying the hair salon bill of a woman who 'd lost everything in the storm to a family delivering food to those without power . Many have taken to Twitter to promote fundraising events . "  I 'm buying all my holiday gifts this year at this amazing pop-up in NY benefitting #hurricanesandy victims , " tweeted Gail Zinser . "  go shop ! " For the most part , Facebook communities looking to help storm victims do n't solicit cash . Karaba says her team does n't handle any money . She refers to them as "  help brokers . " "  You come to us when you need help and come to us when you want to help . ... We 're making the help connections . " Where Twitter is often a vehicle for publicity , many people and businesses turned the tables , tweeting offers of help , including free legal advice , clothing drives and pet and child care . Although nonprofits are frequently focused on the big picture , social media communities are able to respond in real time to calls for help , no matter the nature . It 's a bonus for those who either ca n't afford to or do n't want to merely donate funds and trust they 'll get where they 're needed but want to reach out personally . The page "  Adopt a Family , Hurricane Sandy " is working to help those whose homes were destroyed or who still lack power to find temporary accommodation with hosts . One update urged people to host older couples : "  Everyone wants the kids , but these people have worked their whole life in order to finally enjoy it and now DON "  T HAVE INSURANCE to help rebuild . " A response from someone a day later : "  I 'd be happy to help a hardworking adult who needs a bit of help getting on their feet . " Another page connected those who 'd lost the use of their homes with others who were interested in hosting them for Thanksgiving dinner . Now it 's spawned a page for those who want to invite families for Christmas also . Twitter users also took to the site to urge people to take in families . "  NYers can host a family displaced by #HurricaneSandy for Thanksgiving , " tweeted Peter S. Greenberg . "  that 's just 1 way to give back . " The potential of social media communities to help with unique situations is notable . In many instances , they 've simply provided a logistical platform for those who have lost something or need items or help . Many tweeted requests for supplies or manpower . The "  Hurricane Sandy 's Lost Treasures " page is devoted to helping reunite owners with found objects . The site displays photos and letters found in various locations ; the hope is they 'll be reclaimed . There are also several pages specifically aimed to help those who have lost pets in the storm , such as "  Hurricane Sandy lost and found pets , " which has more than 26,000 likes . Under a photo of a squinting gray tabby being petted , one woman wrote , "  I will adopt him if you do n't find the owners . " Much of the appeal of "  Helping Sandy " social media groups is their ability to specialize . They run the gamut from the general to the very specific . "  Help The Babies Affected By Hurricane Sandy " is collecting supplies for affected families in Long Island . The page thanks families from as far away as Washington state for donations of toys and clothing . There 's even a page , created by The Knot , for brides whose weddings have been affected by Sandy . It features posts from people offering to donate dresses , create "  save the date ' " cards and provide their venues for the wedding , free of charge . Many success stories come from pages set up to help just one victim of the storm . Kara Strafaci used the Facebook page "  Jersey Shore Hurricane News " to get help for her grandmother , trapped in the Seaside Park area without her medication . Upon finding a lost dog in Breezy Point , Ann Lewis set up a page for the pup . Maggie turned out to belong to a volunteer firefighter ; she was lost while he was putting out fires in Breezy Point during the storm . Ann concluded the page with a photo of Maggie happily reunited with her family . It 's in those stories that much of the appeal of helping through social media lies . Many , particularly in the New York area , want the chance not just to donate but to be there in person , helping communities get back on their feet . As Karaba says of "  BK girls give back , " "  We 're not a huge corporation . ... We 're real people from Brooklyn who grew up here . It 's the places and people we grew up with . There is a lot of stake for us . We want to see our home recover ; it 's uber personal . "	Social media are helping volunteers connect with those in need in real time After the storm there were as many as 700 groups with "  Sandy " in the title Helping through social media means people can reach out personally
The rollout of the federal Obamacare website has been a disaster , full stop . There can be no excuses , nor will I be making any . It 's been clear for years what needed to be done , and failing was not an option . The exchanges , and the website that allowed access to them , had to work , and they just do not . I wrote a week or two ago that the initial problems with the HealthCare.gov website appeared to be because of volume issues . That could be spun as either a positive or negative thing . But it now seems that the surge was not the cause of the malfunctions . After the first weekend , when the administration added additional capacity to the servers , the issues did n't go away . What are they ? I wish I could say for sure . But some good reports have come out that detail just a few of the problems . Have you had trouble signing up ? Tell us your experience The first appears to be that the administration decided that people would need to provide a significant amount of personal detail to look at coverage options . I can attest to this first-hand . I have insurance through my work , so I do n't need exchange coverage , but I was still interested in looking at what was available . I had to provide a lot of information , about my job and family , before I could do so . It 's possible that this was because administrators wanted to be able to provide subsidy information to people with the premium costs , so as to soften the blow of how expensive insurance could be , but no one knows for sure . Regardless , this complicated things significantly . But that 's just the front end . The back end is also a real problem . Insurance companies are reporting that the data they are receiving from the HealthCare.gov website is garbled . This means that automatic processing of the insurance plans being ordered is impossible . Oddly enough , the problems on the front end are actually helping here . So few orders are actually making it through that insurance companies are able to sort through the bad data by hand to complete enrollment . But if things improve on the front end , then there 's no way these companies can do millions of applications without good data . The administration is bragging that upwards of half a million applications have started . Shockingly few of them have been completed , though . The front end has a number of steps , including submitting your information , assessing for eligibility and then shopping for insurance . The number being cited by the administration refers only to people who have completed the first step . There are people who believe that government can never do things as well as the private sector . I 'm not one of those people . But in this specific instance , those people have a point . Evidently , those in charge of the rollout of the exchange website were unprepared . They did n't have the necessary experience to manage the more than 50 different contractors producing software independently that would eventually need to function together as a whole . This is incredibly technical work , and it 's not clear that government was in a good position to direct things here . It appears that the Obama administration has learned its lesson . Administration officials are now calling in "  more computer experts " to try and fix the problem . But this may be too little , too late . Some are saying that even if the administration pours in massive resources , the problems may not be fixed by December 15 , the deadline for when insurance needs to be bought for it to be covering people on January 1 . Even if the administration can get this done within a month , some in the insurance industry are concerned that these issues may act as a filter to dissuade healthy people from getting insurance . If it 's really , really hard to complete an application , then only truly ill people may have the perseverance to do so . That could lead to problems in the pool of people signing up for insurance . The administration needs healthy people to buy insurance , too , for the exchanges to function optimally If we were talking about a company having mismanaged things so badly , you could be sure that heads would roll . Many would be fired , and there would be a change in management . But that may not be possible here . Were Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to go , President Barack Obama could n't get someone else vetted and through the Senate nomination process in an expedient manner . He 's likely stuck with his current team , or no team at all . That does n't mean Obamacare will fail . It 's still possible that this could all be fixed . It 's also possible that should significant issues continue , timelines might be adjusted to accommodate implementation issues . But these will cause problems political and real in nature . Continued failures in the exchange rollout give the President 's opponents fuel to attack him and his health care reform . More importantly , they prevent people who really do need insurance , and the care it allows , from getting what they need .	Aaron Carroll : Obamacare rollout has been a disaster ; there 's no excuse for it He says problems at front end of process make it hard to get even through first step He says insurance firms getting garbled date ; administration calling in IT experts Carroll : Obamacare needed , but these first days have created problems political and real
CNN  -- An amusing video is posted showing an adorable 3-year-old boy asking his mom for a cupcake with the determination of a first-year law student . The next thing you know , the toddler is being criticized by complete strangers . Even worse , his mother and his father are being labeled bad parents . What kind of world do we live in ? Answer : A bizarre one where -- in the era of YouTube , Facebook and Twitter -- everyone thinks your business is their business . This is n't about privacy ; when you post content online , you give up the right to privacy . This is about propriety ; it 's about having manners , knowing your place , and respecting boundaries . Just because someone posts wedding pictures does n't mean you criticize the bride 's dress . Do you see the trouble you 've caused , little Mateo ? The rambunctious toddler from San Jose , California , wanted a cupcake , but his mother , Linda Beltran , said no . So Mateo took his case to his grandmother and asked her , in Spanish . His mother busted him , and -- in a video that has now been viewed more than 3 million times -- explained to the little guy why he could n't have a cupcake . Unfazed , Mateo continued to argue with his mother for several minutes , all the while keeping up his plea . "  Listen Linda , listen , " the boy says , occasionally also referring to his mother as "  honey " and "  babe . " I thought the video was priceless . My first thought was that this kid is a future politician . A perusal of Facebook and Twitter told me that many people felt the same way . You just do n't often see 3-year-olds who can communicate this well . I also thought the video was harmless . But on that point , not everyone agreed . There have been thousands of postings , hundreds of tweets , and more than a dozen articles about the exchange between this boy and his mother . One round of criticism was aimed at the boy 's father , Kenneth . While he 's not on camera , many onlookers commented that Mateo obviously learned to argue with his mother by watching his father . Linda Beltran has since admitted that , yes , Mateo picked up "  honey " and "  babe " from watching dad interact with mom . Completely unacceptable , some people said . The father must be verbally abusive when speaking to his wife , they insisted with no proof to back up the claim . Another round of criticism targeted the mother , Linda , for being both too lenient and too strict . Those who thought she was too lenient thought that she should never have tolerated back-talk from a toddler , and those who considered her too strict were concerned that at one point she threatens to give her son "  pow pow "  which we understand to mean a spanking  . Totally unacceptable , said the critics . Up to this point , I 'm not surprised . It 's part of a larger trend . The last generation told itself , "  I just want to be the best parent I can be . " Today , the new mantra in child-rearing is cheekier : "  I 'm a better parent than you . " Critics also took issue with Mateo himself , calling him defiant and disrespectful . How dare a boy talk to his mother that way ? They frowned on how Mateo refers to his mom by her first name -- something the mother says the boy seems to reserve for special occasions like long and drawn-out pleadings where he really wants to make what he considers a very serious point . Leafing through all the criticisms , I got depressed . I could n't help but think that part of the reaction was a "  Latino thing , " where this noticeably Latino family  i.e. , grandma speaks Spanish  was being criticized consistent with stereotypes . The macho father . The permissive mother . The unruly kid . All making for a dysfunctional family . A stretch ? Not really . The onlookers were jumping to conclusions about a family they knew nothing about with nothing to go on except their prejudices . A story that had started out being about cupcakes had taken an ugly turn that was n't at all appetizing . One person even suggested that , instead of watching a future politician , we were really watching a future "  criminal . " I 've written about politics for a quarter-century . You do n't have to choose . Trust me , we can have both . Right about now , I needed a pick me up , and I got one thanks to Ellen Degeneres . The talk show host saw the video , fell in love , and invited Mateo and his mother onto her TV show . Degeneres gave Mateo -- who loves superheroes almost as much as cupcakes -- a giant mountain of superhero-themed cupcakes . She gave mom a $ 10,000 check from Shutterfly , one of the show 's sponsors , to help out with household expenses . At this point , people are laughing , and people are crying . And it all drowned out the petty naysayers and meddling onlookers who really should watch their manners and mind their own business . This story reminds us what the world needs . More empathy . More respect . More compassion . And more Ellens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	A video of a 3-year-old boy asking his mom for a cupcake went viral Ruben Navarrette : Viewers chimed in to criticize the boy and his parents What happened to propriety ? People need to have manners and respect boundaries Navarrette : Onlookers should mind their own business and show more empathy
The Dallas Safari Club auctioned off a black rhino hunting permit in Namibia for $ 350,000 , according to the club 's public relations firm . Wealthy hunters gathered Saturday evening inside the Dallas Convention Center to bid on the rare chance to hunt one of the world 's most endangered animals . The Safari Club says the auction was done in the name of conservation , to save the threatened black rhinoceros . All proceeds will be donated to the Namibian government and will be earmarked for conservation efforts , club officials say . Animal conservationists estimate there are only about 5,000 black rhinos in the world , 1,700 of which are in the southern Africa nation . They are considered a "  critically endangered species " by wildlife organizations around the world . "  This is the best way to have the biggest impact on increasing the black rhino population , " said Ben Carter , executive director of the Dallas Safari Club . Sacrificing one animal for the greater good of the endangered species is a move that critics and animal conservation groups call "  perverse " and a "  sad joke . " "  They need to be protected , not sold to the highest bidder , " said Jeffrey Flocken of the International Fund for Animal Welfare  IFAW  . "  It also sends a dangerous message that these iconic and disappearing animals are worth more as dead trophies to be mounted and hung on a wall in a Texas mansion than living in the wild in Africa . " Photos : Tourist trophy hunters chase African wildlife Helping or hurting the species ? The auction has sparked a contentious debate over the best way to protect the species that has been brought to the edge of extinction because of man 's appetite for its horn , which is used for daggers , ornaments and , in Asia , traditional medicine . The Dallas Safari Club said it has received a string of death threats over the auction . The FBI is investigating the threats . "  If a violation of federal law is determined , then additional investigation will take place if necessary , " said Katherine Chaumont , spokeswoman for the Dallas FBI office . The club obtained the hunting permit from the Namibian government . It 's the first time a black rhino hunting permit has been auctioned off outside the country . In recent years , the Namibian Ministry of Environment and Tourism , which oversees the protection of the black rhinos , has allowed three permits a year . In a letter to the Dallas Safari Club , the Namibian government said , "  To hunt a black rhino is not taken lightly by Namibia . ... Only old geriatric bulls , which are marginalized in the population and do not contribute to reproduction , are trophy hunted . " The Dallas Safari Club says the Namibian government will closely monitor the winning bidder 's hunting expedition . The club also insists that by allowing a handful of predetermined rhinos to be killed , it 's actually protecting younger , stronger rhinos . "  They 've already picked out two or three black rhino males that are old , nonbreeding males that are not contributing to the population anymore , " Carter said . "  We know it 's the right way to do it . We 're relying on science and biologists . This is the best way to support the population of black rhinos . " But some wildlife conservationists say that argument is dubious . "  It 's a farce to say that this is being done for conservation , " Flocken said . "  It 's saying the rarity of this animal is worth more dead than alive . " Several groups such as IFAW argue it would be better to use these rhinos to promote wildlife viewing and ecotourism by charging people for the experience of seeing one of these ancient beasts up close in the wild . ` It really is a dilemma ' The biggest threat to these massive beasts is poachers across the African continent . Rhino horns are lucrative on the black market . In Asia , where there are claims it can treat everything from headaches and food poisoning to rheumatism and cancer , horns can fetch up to $ 60,000 per kilogram , putting its value somewhere between gold and pure cocaine . In the 1980s , the black rhino population had dwindled to just a few dozen . Conservation efforts have slowly helped beef up herd numbers , but poachers are still a threat . Marcia Fargnoli , chief executive officer of the Save the Rhino Trust in Namibia , which works with the government to fight poachers , says the group has tried to convince the Namibian government to stop issuing these hunting permits . But a poor African country like Namibia -- where the World Bank estimates the gross per capita income to be less than $ 6,000 -- struggles to fund conservation efforts , Fargnoli says . It 's difficult for the government to ignore the chance to raise so much money so quickly . "  I really believe every rhino counts , " said Fargnoli . "  It really is a dilemma . ... But I really struggle to say I 'm saving rhinos and then say that one can be hunted . " Poachers are the prey in a park in Republic of Congo Sea Shepherd activists say they disrupted Japan 's whale hunt	Black rhino hunting permit sold for $ 350,000 , hunting club says "  This is the best way to support the population of black rhinos , " club says Critics call the idea "  perverse " and a "  sad joke " Dallas Safari Club has received a string of death threats over the auction
CNN  -- We are about to mark the 12th anniversary of 9/11 . Since then , al Qaeda and its affiliated groups have n't launched a successful attack in the United States . The Boston Marathon bombings in April , however , serve as a reminder that the United States still faces a terrorism threat from disaffected U.S. citizens and residents who are influenced by al Qaeda 's ideology . So what is the status of this kind of threat ? The good news is that the number of "  homegrown " jihadist extremists who have been indicted or convicted has steadily declined over the past few years , according to New America Foundation data . Where there were 41 cases in 2009 , there have been six so far this year . The number of individuals indicted for plotting actual attacks within the United States -- as opposed to other terrorism-related crimes such as raising money for a terrorist group -- also declined from 12 in 2011 to only three so far in 2013 . In recent years , extremists plotting attacks against the United States have also shown little , if any , connection to foreign groups . None of the 21 homegrown extremists involved in plots against the United States from 2011 to so far in 2013 is known to have received training abroad . Of these extremists , only one , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , one of the alleged Boston bombers , is reported to have had contact with foreign militant operatives , but it remains unclear to what extent , if any , those contacts played a role in the Boston attack . This lack of coordination between domestic extremists and overseas groups is likely the result of two factors . First , the ability of terrorist organizations to coordinate with extremists in the United States has been reduced by policing efforts inside the country and counterterrorism operations abroad . Second , Internet use among jihadist extremists enables them to come into contact with extremist communities abroad and be radicalized without face-to-face meetings . Of the 45 "  homegrown " jihadist extremists who were indicted , convicted or killed from 2011 to now , 18 are known to have communicated with other extremists over the Internet or posted materials related to their radicalization online . The shift to plotting by individuals who lack ties to foreign groups poses a distinct type of threat -- plots and attacks that are more difficult to detect but are also likely to be of a smaller scale . And because of the measures now in place to prevent the acquisition of precursor chemicals and materials suitable for making conventional explosives , homegrown extremists have also often struggled to produce effective bombs . Before the Boston Marathon bombings , homegrown jihadists in the United States had shown little success at producing explosives . Joseph Jeffrey Brice -- who has professed admiration for Osama bin laden and Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh -- almost killed himself in April 2010 when a homemade bomb he was constructing exploded prematurely . A month later , Faisal Shahzad 's car bomb failed to explode in Times Square , even though he had received explosives training in Pakistan . If the Tsarnaev brothers built the bombs used in the Boston attack without guidance from jihadists abroad , it suggests that the difficulties other "  homegrown " militants have had building or detonating explosives may have been overcome . On the other hand , the Tsarnaevs ' successful bombmaking could just as easily have been a fluke . While the number of terrorism-related indictments fell between 2009 and 2013 , the number of terrorist incidents has stayed about the same -- about one per year -- though not all of them have been lethal : -- In June 2009 , Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad killed a soldier outside a recruiting station in Little Rock , Arkansas . -- Five months later , Major Nidal Malik Hasan shot and killed 13 people at Fort Hood in Killeen , Texas . -- Shahzad 's 2010 attempt to bomb Times Square was foiled when his bomb did not ignite properly . -- Yonathan Melaku 's drive-by shooting of military facilities in Northern Virginia in 2011 produced no casualties . -- The Boston Marathon bombers killed four and wounded hundreds of others in April 2013 . The incidents carried out by homegrown extremists continue to be limited in their lethality , and major operations such as the 9/11 attacks are well beyond the skills of even the most capable domestic extremists . Additionally , no homegrown jihadist militant in the United States is known to have acquired or used chemical , biological , radiological or nuclear  CBRN  weapons in the past twelve years . This point bears repeating , as there has been considerable overheated commentary on this subject over the past decade . Of the 221 individual cases of jihadist extremism since 9/11 , not one case involved an allegation of CBRN acquisition , manufacture or use . However , the fact that jihadist extremists in the United States have shown no interest in CBRN weapons does not eliminate the need for securing potential sources of chemical , biological and radiological agents . According to a count by the New America Foundation , since 2001 , 13 extremists motivated by right-wing ideologies , one left-wing militant and two individuals with idiosyncratic motives have deployed , acquired or tried to acquire chemical , biological or radiological weapons . For example , William Krar and Judith Bruey , two anti-government extremists , possessed precursor chemicals for hydrogen cyanide gas , which they discussed deploying through a building 's ventilation system . They were arrested in 2003 and later pleaded guilty . The threat from homegrown extremists to the U.S. homeland has been constrained in recent years by a variety of security measures . According to data collected by the New America Foundation , family members of extremists and members of the wider Muslim American community provided useful information in the investigations of about a third of the homegrown jihadist extremists indicted or killed since 9/11 . Noncommunity members provided useful reports of suspicious activity in another 9 % of homegrown extremist cases , while an informant or undercover agent monitored almost half of all homegrown extremists . The Boston Marathon bombing , however , demonstrate the potential for these security measures to fail when plotters have few , if any connections , to known terrorist groups . Looking forward , a concern about the Boston attack is whether it represents an intelligence failure that could have been avoided through a better implementation of existing policies or a new trend where "  lone wolf " extremism is largely undetectable with the existing systemic checks in place . The threat from homegrown extremists has changed substantially in the past three years , becoming the province of fewer individuals who are less connected to foreign groups than was once the case . Whether this remains the case will depend on law enforcement being able to successfully adapt to confront the threat from disaffected U.S.-based individuals motivated by al Qaeda 's ideology as well as whether the past few years ' counterterrorism successes against al Qaeda overseas can be maintained .	Authors : Since 9/11 , al Qaeda has n't carried out a successful attack in the U.S. They say the threat has evolved into a danger of homegrown extremists launching attacks Study finds that the number of attempted attacks has been declining Authors : Could the Boston bombings have been prevented through better intelligence ?
CNN  -- Whether Moammar Gadhafi stays or goes , the turmoil-wracked country is likely to be in for more of a rough time , two Libya experts told CNN Monday . "  Whichever way this goes , I think there 's going to be a good amount of chaos , " said Diederik Vandewalle , associate professor of government at Dartmouth College . During his 42 years in power , Gadhafi has limited the formation of political and other institutions , Vandewalle said . "  All civil society organizations have been eviscerated by the regime , " he said . In a telephone interview Monday night , he predicted more bloodshed if Gadhafi steps aside . "  We could see some tribal uprisings " as competing groups seek a share of Libya 's oil wealth , he said , describing the likely scenario as "  not very pretty . " But , he added , oil exports will likely continue after "  some " interruption . "  It would be in the interest of all parties that oil keep flowing , " he said , dismissing as unlikely any apocalyptic scenario in which Libya would descend into civil war . The current uncertainty will likely be decided in the next few days , he predicted . "  It seems to me that we 're in an endgame here , " he said . "  The big question is how much bloodshed we 're going to see . " He called the violence against unarmed civilians "  extraordinary , but not surprising from a regime that 's truly entrenched . " There are few candidates in the wings to replace Gadhafi -- "  no younger leadership able to assume that mantle of leadership , " he said . But Gadhafi 's imminent departure is not a foregone conclusion , he added , putting the odds at "  80 % go , 20 % stay . " Ronald Bruce St John , who has written seven books on Libya , said Gadhafi 's reign appears to be drawing quickly to a close . "  He 's losing support by the hour from critical people in his regime , " he said . But St John said it was unlikely that the next leader would emerge from the military , since Gadhafi has long sought to keep the institution at arm 's length . "  Though he was an army officer when he came to power and was supported by the military and all the original members of the Revolutionary Command Council were from the military , he has , from the beginning , evidenced a great distrust for the military , " St John said . "  He recognized it as the most likely power to overthrow him . " As a result , Gadhafi has routinely rotated commanders "  so no one established a base of support . " Unlike Egyptians , who were seeking a more liberal system , Libyans want a new system , St John said . Accomplishing that will mean "  a great deal of chaos in the short term , " he predicted . "  If he does leave , I think we 'll see the tribal leadership of Libya , probably through social leadership committees , trying to come up with some kind of a nonviolent solution , " he said . St John noted that two major tribes had already withdrawn their support of Gadhafi . One of them , the Warfala tribe , has long been a supporter . The other , the Zuwayya , is one of the larger tribes of eastern Libya and is located near the terminals from where oil is exported . "  That 's a significant loss , " he said . Though another strongman could emerge , St John predicted instead that a nationwide network of "  social leadership " committees set up by Gadhafi in 1993 and composed primarily of traditional leaders and tribal leaders would seek to take charge . Gadhafi had tried without success to eliminate the more than 100 tribes in Libya in an effort that lasted from 1969 to 1980 , St John said . So in 1993 , the leader made a dramatic move -- reinforcing the tribal system and recognizing its leaders as important by creating social leadership positions , St John said . The leaders were given power at the local level as well as such "  goodies " as housing and scholarships for their tribal members , he said . But the gifts came with a catch : "  In turn , you must recognize that you 're in charge of your tribe , " St John said . "  If they step out of line , we 'll go to you . " If Gadhafi leaves power , "  those tribal leaders will try to find a way to put together some kind of a new government , " he predicted . "  I think you 'll see the tribes being the ones that will , in the short term anyway , try to find a way through the obvious chaos that 's going to occur . " Are you there ? Share photos , video Not everyone predicts rough sailing . Sayyid Idris Al-Senussi , an exiled Libyan opposition figure who said his great-uncle was overthrown by Gadhafi , predicted that any transition would go smoothly . "  If Gadhafi departs , there will be no problem , " he told CNN in a telephone interview from Washington . "  There will be a national council , which would be represented by all the tribes and all the Libyans from all different walks of life . " He said the opposition already has a constitution and a flag ready for use in the event of Gadhafi 's departure . "  We will have a democracy , " he predicted . "  After this experience , I do n't think they 'll allow anybody to single-handedly rule . " Despite an exile that has lasted four decades , Al-Senussi said he would return to Libya "  in a heartbeat . " But Dartmouth 's Vandewalle said Al-Senussi and his relatives would have little hope of gaining a position of power upon their return . "  It 's about as likely that they 'll get back in power as the Marcoses in the Philippines , " he said , referring to the family of the former president of the Philippines , Ferdinand Marcos , who in 1986 fled a military rebellion and moved to Hawaii .	"  I think there 's going to be a good amount of chaos , " says one Libya expert Gadhafi has "  eviscerated " civil society organizations Tribal leaders expected to seek a solution
New York  CNN  -- The Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade , as much a holiday tradition as turkey , football and dinner table debates , celebrated its 85th anniversary with a host of new floats and balloons that began making their way down New York City 's streets Thursday morning . Making its return after an 18-year absence is Sonic the Hedgehog . He joins a 41-foot-tall Julius the monkey ; an eagerly-anticipated newcomer , "  B , " a pointy-toothed , stitched-face creation from filmmaker Tim Burton ; and the Aflac Duck Balloonicle -- a balloon on wheels . Rounding out the newbies are Gazer the Elf and Harold the Policeman . "  It 's amazing to see them come to life , " Amy Kule , the parade 's executive producer , told CNN affiliate WABC . "  They start off as ideas in your head , they become a drawing on a piece of paper . And then miraculously , the magicians at the Macy 's parade studio build them and bring them to life . " In all , more than 50 balloons will grace the Manhattan sky during the parade . Forecasters predict sunny skies and 10 mph winds , good news for the predicted 3.5 million people along the parade route . Another 50 million are expected to watch from home as more than 1,600 cheerleaders , two dozen floats , 11 marching bands and , of course , Santa Claus saunter by . Singers Cee Lo Green and Mary J. Blige are among the scheduled performers . CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	Among the new additions are an eagerly-anticipated Tim Burton creation Forecasters predict sunny skies 50 million people are expected to watch from home
CNN  -- First he mocked him , then he praised him and now FIFA President Sepp Blatter has handed Cristiano Ronaldo his best chance of winning his second World Footballer of the Year award . For in an unexpected move , the world governing body extended the deadline for national team coaches and captains , as well as participating journalists , to vote for their top three players of 2013 . The initial date had been last Friday , just hours after the first legs of the European play-offs had ended , but the closing date to vote for this year 's Ballon d'Or winner is now November 29 . The reason given for the delay has been the ` low turnout of votes ' so far . With Lionel Messi , who has won the last four crowns , out injured , Ronaldo will never have a better chance to impress a panel for an award where form at voting time often counts as much as previous exploits in the year . Fresh from his stunning hat-trick which fired Portugal to the World Cup when eliminating Sweden 4-2 on aggregate  with Ronaldo scoring all his nation 's goals in the tie  , the Real Madrid star may begin to feel that his recent row with FIFA is beginning to turn his way . Last month , Blatter was involved in an extraordinary impersonation of the Portuguese star while addressing the famous Oxford Union in England , during which he claimed Ronaldo spent "  a lot more at the hairdresser 's " than his Barcelona rival Messi . Ronaldo swiftly hit back , writing on his Facebook page how the video showed "  the respect and consideration that FIFA has for me , my club and my country . Much is explained now . " On Tuesday night , Blatter -- who has been watching his words carefully since -- was effusive in his praise for the former Manchester United player 's match-winning display in Sweden . "  Fantastic performance by @Cristiano , " the Swiss tweeted . Hours later , it was announced that the voting had been extended , meaning Ronaldo 's stunning Solna display can now be taken into account . Quite what France international Franck Ribery makes of it all is anyone 's guess , with the Bayern Munich star having been tipped to win the award when voting was thought to have ended last week . He is now behind the Portuguese in the running according to widespread opinion , as is Messi -- with the Argentinian seemingly a victim of his own staggeringly high performances of recent years . Sweden 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Brazilian Neymar are outsiders to win the award , with FIFA having named a 23-man list of players to be considered for the prize in October . The three-man shortlist for the award will be announced next month , with the winner of the 2013 Ballon d'Or set to be unveiled at an awards ceremony in Zurich in January . In a separate development , FIFA announced on Wednesday that "  fair working conditions must be introduced quickly , consistently and on a sustained basis in Qatar , " the 2022 World Cup host nation . The statement followed a meeting in Zurich between Blatter and the International Trade Union Confederation , and came shortly after an Amnesty International report suggested that worker abuse is rife in Qatar 's construction sector . In response to Amnesty 's allegations , the director of the Human Rights Department at Qatar 's Foreign Ministry said laws are in place to protect workers from mistreatment .	FIFA surprisingly extend voting for Ballon d'Or by two weeks New deadline means Ronaldo 's World Cup hat-trick can now be taken into account Franck Ribery had been favorite to win award for various critics prior to unexpected change
CNN  -- Sweety High co-founder Veronica Zelle remembers a young girl who wanted desperately to sing and share her voice , but was so afraid to show her face on camera that she would cover it with a dark towel and sing in the background . But through the encouraging words of her friends and peers on Sweety High , an online community exclusively for tween and teen girls , she was able to pull back the curtain and showcase her face and voice in tandem . It 's a social gaming site that combines aspects of a site like Facebook with a call to be creative in an environment that includes contests with rewards and points . Stories like this make Zelle grateful she helped create a safe online haven for under-served tween and teen girls . Her business model is simple : Ask young girls what they want and give it to them . Throw in innovative privacy and safety moderation systems to restrict cyberbullying and online predators , and Mom and Dad are happy to let their young daughter become a "  sweetie . " Privo and Crisp Thinking are two companies that have paired with Sweety High to offer state of the art safety . They moderate all user-generated content , while Sweety High staff work with child psychologists and online law enforcement officers to ensure a continually secure environment . Nonusers ca n't view anything on the site , which helps prevent predators . Joining the site is free , and for $ 5.95 a month , a Sweety High Membership Badge allows more access . Sweety High caters to girls between 8 and 16 and wraps "  social gaming mechanics around an arts platform , " CEO and co-founder Frank Simonetti said . Instead of relying on animated avatars like Disney 's Club Penguin site or the minimalist utilitarian style of Facebook , Simonetti and Zelle wanted Sweety High to be an online destination for girls to express their creativity -- and be rewarded for it . "  I made this site a girls-only site because when girls are together in a creative environment , nine out of 10 times , the girls are going to encourage each other , " she said . "  Take those same girls , add boys in , and they 're going to be different . Their very posturing and reactions differ . That 's where bullying comes from . At 12 or 13 , girls do n't know how to behave around boys and they act out of self-reliance . " The two founders compare the site 's mission to the talent development featured in the movie "  Fame , " although instead of being a prestigious school for the arts , Sweety High is available for everyone . But girls are still singing their hearts out in the corridors of this idyllic online school . Ironically , hearts are the currency that girls earn as they navigate the levels of Sweety High 's social gaming platform . When they vote for another girl in a contest or support her creativity , they give up one of their hearts , which creates a karma bank that can lead to impressive prizes down the road . "  We saw tons of girls that , from ages 10 to 14 , are exploding with creativity and talent , " Simonetti said . "  There did n't seem to be something that felt good for them on the Web . This is an arts and entertainment destination that is focused on their lives , rather than an avatar 's life . We reward online creativity with offline rewards . " Sweeties upload writing , artwork , photography and videos that showcase their talent and the rewards are a dream come true for teens and tweens . Thirteen-year-old pianist Annie shared her musical talents in a video posted on Sweety High . She won the grand prize in a contest that allowed her to spend the day with musician Greyson Chance and be a part of one of his performances . While the opportunity was incredible for Annie , she said she 's also happy to have discovered a safe destination online where she can connect with like-minded girls and express herself without fear of harsh judgment or criticism . This is especially meaningful for Annie because before Sweety High , she was n't allowed to have a Facebook or e-mail account for fear of cyberbullying . Now , Annie posts videos that she makes with her friends and is learning to play guitar . "  It encourages me to be myself , keep posting whatever kind of videos I want on there and maybe try out new things to see what other people think about it , " Annie said . "  I know that whatever I try , there 's always going to be positive feedback , so I 'm never going to feel like I need to stop being who I am . " For her mother , Karen , it 's a safe place for Annie to explore opportunities while remaining safe . Sweety High allows parents the ability to monitor their daughters ' accounts if they are under 13 without moms or dads having an overarching presence on the site . They can screen friend requests , while Sweety High staff monitor the online dialogue so it does n't turn to vulgarity or bullying . Together , these efforts create an atmosphere of proper netiquette early on for tweens and teens to use later in life . "  What I like as a mom of a daughter is that she has an opportunity to really shine and grow in a lot of different directions " Karen said . "  These girls are free to just be 12 or 13 and not feel like they have to be perfect . You can figure out what you like to do and get strength and confidence in yourself . " This is music to Simonetti and Zelle 's ears . Both of Simonetti 's parents were writers , but he could n't imagine how to become one as a boy . "  Let girls take a shot at these things that a lot of them only dream about , " he said . Sweety High 's beta site , which launched last month , already has upwards of 170,000 members and the site hopes for at least 1 million registered users in the next six months . Some of Sweety High 's 100,000 alum from when the site began in 2010 have signed on with television shows and major labels or simply felt encouraged to join the marching band in high school , Simonetti said . Contests on the site , like "  Be A Star , " encourage girls to "  discover and be discovered . " Winning contests may connect the girls with contacts in the entertainment industry who can lead to even better opportunities . Current members and alums also watch and have the chance to become part of the seven Web video series Sweety High maintains , including the latest , "  Food Star . " Teens and tweens are fans of food shows like "  Cupcake Wars " on TV , but Simonetti and Zelle noticed there is n't a show on TV geared specifically to this young market . "  Food Star " invites a popular teen star to share his or her favorite recipe , along with slices of life as a celebrity , with two Sweety High members hosting . The landscape of Sweety High continues to grow and change as feedback rolls in . Zelle maintains an account on the site and interacts with the girls daily , always taking note of what they want to see next . After working in the entertainment industry with the likes of Britney Spears , Madonna and Justin Timberlake , Zelle has an idea of what girls want , but it means constantly listening and interacting with the sweeties , something Zelle regards as her greatest joy . "  Those girls are like my lifeblood , " she said . "  I do n't know anything else but the tween/teen space because I went from being a teenager to college to working in youth culture in the teen space , so I have literally arrested my development at age 14 . I think the reason I work so well with the girls is because I find out what they want and I can only do that when I speak their language . " By encouraging girls to embrace their full potential , granting wish fulfillment and inspiring future aspirations on Sweety High , Zelle believes girls will feel empowered to the point that nothing could discourage them . "  Girl power is n't over , " she said . "  It 's just reinventing itself . " Last names were removed to maintain the privacy of Sweety High 's members .	Sweety High is a social gaming site for tween and teen girls between ages 8 and 16 The site encourages and rewards girls for their positivity and creativity Users can post videos , writing , artwork and photos to win prizes
CNN  -- Ordinarily , being ranked as the worst modern president of the United States would be considered unfortunate . For you Mr. President , that 's the good news . As painful as it is to note , your presidency has not yet hit bottom . You 've got a long way to go in your descent . Everywhere you walk , Mr. President , the world unravels . Americans are whispering that each political missile you fire seems to hit not its target but our own house . You have undone the core idea you 've advanced , that a larger public sector can save us . You are becoming the one-man Keystone Cops of an experiment in weakness and incompetent government . Your Veterans Administration is a dysfunctional mess . Some veterans who have lived through war have not survived contact with your VA. . Your immigration agents are changing diapers and crying for fresh underwear for detained immigrants awaiting deportation . Your IRS has been accused of targeting political opponents , and your best defense is their ineptitude : They lose their e-mails and files . Your own signature initiative , the Affordable Care Act , has turned on you . You 've repeatedly delayed and altered the law , gluing and taping together , on the fly , the health care of an anxious nation . Begala : What 's behind Boehner 's nutty lawsuit threat Your Supreme Court is telling you to read the manual that came with your office : You are not allowed to run a Nixonian presidency . In three years , you 've suffered numerous humiliating and unanimous reversals of your executive authority . You are protected by the thinly manned barricades of an attorney general who refuses to investigate misconduct in your executive offices . Four out of five Americans believe the government you would like to expand is corrupt , a view that is a 7-point increase from the last year of the Bush administration . You are fortunate you can not be impeached because of the cost to our exhausted , divided country . If you were a car manufactured by GM , not the president who bailed it out , you would be recalled for your defects . In foreign affairs , you have undone one of the great accomplishments of the 20th century : You have resuscitated the Soviet Union . A two-bit KGB thug named Putin has been kicking sand in the face of your country . In the absence of American leadership , the Middle East has devolved into chaos , and you are reduced to unpalatable choices : Either you negotiate with our Iranian enemies or abandon our allies , if we still have any , to jihadist wildfires that threaten Israel 's borders and set desert sands aflame . Boehner : Why we must sue the President Young people who voted for you to earn a better life than their parents are now living with their parents . Our nation has the lost the hope you promised us . We fear our freedom is in decline : A 48 % plurality feel our best days are in the past . Even the one thing you have been good at , Mr. President -- politics -- has abandoned you . You have now been reduced to pathetically small political "  listening tours . " Even on such an inconsequential stage , you are tone-deaf , incapable of striking the right chords : You tell your audiences you are there to tell them that you are listening . You have always been more popular than your policies . Despite your stumbling , we have loved your bright smile and intellectual aura . But now , we are beginning to notice ; you laugh too hard at your own jokes . Behind the smile , we see an ego inflated beyond merit . Your intellectual detachment , we now find , was merely cluelessness . The distance between what you 've promised and done has grown too large for us to blame anyone else . Kohn : Boehner , do your job instead Is this as bad as it can get ? Actually , no , Mr. President . The road ahead is worse for you . Even your supporters will soon say publicly what we are all thinking privately . In days to come , it will become increasingly cool to snicker and then laugh at your presidency . Disagreement is not the cruelest cut in politics ; it is ridicule . Politicians who have survived everything else are done in ultimately by laughter . The gristliest moment for an incumbent is not when voters express their anger . There is respect , even in those dark days . What an incumbent never wants to hear from a voter is pity . Your worst day will be when a voter says , "  Poor President Obama . He 's done the best he can . " When that day comes , Mr. President , your favorable rating will crash another 10 points into the basement . Democratic candidates will not only ignore you , as they now do , they will turn on you . Hillary Clinton will betray you . That will start a war within your party as candidates like Elizabeth Warren and Jerry Brown rush to defend you . If they depose the Clintons , mere anarchy will be loosed upon the Democratic world . At this moment , our emperor is naked , but no one has yet said it publicly . That will change soon . When it is too sad to cry about our presidents , America laughs . That 's what will really hurt . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Alex Castellanos looks at Obama 's recent approval ratings ; his prognosis : not good Castellanos : Everywhere you walk , Mr. President , the world unravels He says that if Obama were a car manufactured by GM , he 'd be recalled for defects
Atlanta  CNN  -- The spread of the flu across the United States appears to have slowed in some areas , but officials wo n't know for weeks whether the cases have peaked , the CDC director said Friday . Twenty-four states and New York City were reporting high levels of flu activity , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's flu advisory report for December 30 through January 5 . That 's down from 29 states the previous week , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC . However , "  The only area of the country that 's still relatively unaffected ... is the far West Coast , " although plenty of cases have been reported there , Dr. Joseph Bresee , chief of the Epidemiology and Prevention Branch of the CDC 's Influenza Division , said Friday . The number of pediatric deaths associated with influenza rose by two , according to the CDC . There have been 20 deaths of people under the age of 18 since the flu outbreak began . While the CDC does not count the number of adult deaths related to the flu , some states do , and that data suggests dozens have died . According to the latest CDC activity map , flu levels dropped in several states , particularly in the Southeast , including Georgia , Florida , South Carolina , Arkansas and Kentucky . In the Northeast , levels in some states have also improved , such as New York , but New York City remains among the areas of high activity . The number of states reporting widespread activity , however , increased to 47 from 41 , according to the CDC 's flu advisory report . The only states without widespread activity are California , Hawaii and Mississippi . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . It addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . "  Bottom line : It 's flu season , " Frieden told reporters . Flu activity is "  elevated " in most of the United States , he said , and "  it may be decreasing in some areas , but that 's hard to predict ... influenza activity ebbs and flows . " Officials will know in the next couple of weeks whether the season has peaked , he said . "  The only thing predictable about the flu is , it 's unpredictable . " " ... We are into what would classically be described as a flu epidemic , " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday . "  It 's still on the uptick , " he said . "  Remember , once it peaks , you still have a considerable amount of time where there is a lot of flu activity , and right now it may have peaked in some places , but for the most part , it has not yet peaked , " Fauci said . Many reports of emergency rooms and clinics being overwhelmed with patients could be linked to other illnesses , too . This is also a prominent season for many other respiratory viruses , Bresee said . Norovirus , which causes diarrhea and vomiting , has also been circulating . Vaccination Although the flu vaccine is far from perfect , it 's the best prevention tool we have , Frieden said . You can still get it -- it 's better late than never . The flu vaccine is about 62 % effective , Frieden said . "  The 62 % -- we 'd love it to be better , but it is actually a substantial public health benefit for the population , " Bresee said . Based on vaccine coverage surveys , 37 % of Americans had been vaccinated by mid-November , CDC officials said . That 's about on track with what was seen at this time last year . "  We have seen a lot of vaccination happening in the last couple of weeks , " Bresee said . "  I do n't know where we 'll end up this year . " Vaccine manufacturers told CNN on Thursday that there is plenty of vaccine for those who want to get a flu shot . However , there are reports of spot shortages of the vaccine , Frieden said , so call your provider ahead of time if you still want to get the vaccine . "  You may have to check in several places to find the vaccine , because most of the more than 130 million doses that were produced by vaccine manufacturers this year have already been given , " he said . Early flu season The flu came early this season , and cases are more severe than last year , health officials say . Massachusetts is one state that the CDC had identified as having high activity of influenza-like illness based on the week ending December 29 , but downgraded it to "  moderate " activity in Friday 's update . Boston Mayor Thomas Menino had declared a public health emergency in the city Wednesday because of the flu . Since October 1 , there have been 700 confirmed influenza cases among Boston residents , according to Menino 's office ; that 's 10 times more than were seen in all of last year 's flu season . There have been 18 flu-related deaths this season in Massachusetts , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Hospitalization rates are higher than in the last two years , Kevin Cranston of the state 's Bureau of Infectious Diseases told WCVB . Most deaths have been in older patients , he said . Menino is collaborating with the Boston Public Health Commission and community health centers to offer free vaccination clinics this weekend . The mayor urged residents to stay home from work or school if they are sick , and to get flu shots . "  This is the worst flu season we 've seen since 2009 , and people should take the threat of flu seriously , " Menino said in a statement . More than 4 % of emergency department visits at Boston hospitals are from flu cases , up from 1 % during non-flu season . Massachusetts General Hospital has already counted 532 cases of flu among patients , which is more than the Boston hospital saw in any of the previous three flu seasons , spokeswoman Kristen Stanton said Wednesday . Signs posted throughout the hospital discourage anyone from visiting who has a cough or fever , she said , and anyone who does visit with those symptoms must wear a mask and perform hand hygiene . All staff must wear a mask when caring for possible flu patients , and staff members who have not been vaccinated must wear a mask while caring for any patient . As an extra precaution amid flu fears , Bishop Robert P. Deeley of Boston sent a note to all pastors in the Boston Archdiocese suggesting that during the Sign of Peace , "  the faithful , instead of a handshake , may bow to the persons nearby . " Similarly , in Washington , a note from the Archdiocese 's communications office says that parishioners do n't have to shake hands or receive communion from the chalice . "  Those who are sick may wish to watch the Sunday TV Mass on their television at home and pray in solidarity with their parish community , " the statement said . Deaths in other states The CDC only tracks pediatric flu-related deaths , but some individual states release reports of influenza deaths among adults . The Oklahoma Department of Health said Thursday the state has had eight influenza-linked deaths since September 30 , while the Minnesota Department of Health has recorded 27 flu-related deaths . "  We are clearly at a high level of influenza activity in the state , " Minnesota Health Commissioner Dr. Edward Ehlinger said in a statement . "  But it 's important to keep this year in perspective : What is occurring has happened before . " The number of flu-related deaths elsewhere , according to state health officials : -- Pennsylvania has had 22 deaths . Most of the deaths were among people older than 65 . -- Indiana has 13 confirmed adult deaths and two pediatric deaths . -- Arkansas has seven confirmed flu fatalities . -- South Carolina has counted 22 deaths . -- In Illinois , there have been six deaths . -- In Michigan , there have been four pediatric deaths . Type of flu The type of flu that is going around is called H3N2 , which is often linked to more serious disease , compared with some other flu varieties , Fauci said . That type of flu matches up well to the vaccine that is being distributed and given out throughout the United States . People may get more complications from this particular strain of H3N2 , "  which may make them ill for a longer period of time , " Dr. Michael Jhung , medical epidemiologist in the influenza division at the CDC , told CNN 's Mary Snow . Symptoms typically last up to seven days for a normal infection , he said . If you have the flu , how are you treating it ? Send photos of your flu survival kits . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	California , Hawaii and Mississippi are the only states without widespread activity Other respiratory illnesses are also circulating , experts say Officials do n't know whether flu cases have peaked this season The number of flu-related deaths for children climbed by two to a total of 20 , officials say
January 15 , 2015 What magazine , which usually circulates about 60,000 copies , is selling out of millions ? What kind of emergency forced a temporary evacuation on the International Space Station ? Why are some colleges cracking down on truancy ? And can mobile devices actually be harmful to your neck ? These are some of the questions answered today on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie dominates almost any room he enters but is suddenly facing questions about his relevance in the 2016 presidential race . The surprisingly fast-moving Republican presidential contest , kicked off by Jeb Bush shortly after the New Year and accelerated by the unexpected re-emergence of Mitt Romney , is putting pressure on Christie , who was once the Republican establishment 's favorite . The big-check GOP contributors that were once assumed to be Christie 's for the taking -- in particular the Wall Street financiers just across the Hudson River from New Jersey -- are now being courted aggressively by Bush and Romney as they ramp up their campaigns . "  There is big advantage to moving first , and when you 're a whale like both Jeb and Romney are , and you jump into that pool first , its hard for anyone else to squeeze in , " said B. Wayne Hughes , a California billionaire and Republican donor who has not committed to supporting a candidate . "  They have the same donor base , so they have to go after those guys . " Bush has been a well-liked figure in the center-right donor set for years , thanks to his widespread family connections and the perks and ambassadorships doled out by two previous Bush White Houses . The former Florida governor has also been a champion of immigration reform , a precious issue for the business community and Republicans who want to grow the party 's appeal among Hispanics , even as conservatives bristle at the idea . Romney , meanwhile , built an impressive financial network during his 2012 campaign , and many of those donors are waiting to see what he does before committing to another candidate . His surprising decision last week at a New York donor meeting to "  show some 2016 leg , " as one attendee put it , was designed to keep Bush at bay as he mulls a third presidential bid . But their moves are also complicating things for Christie , who is still expected to launch a presidential bid but is moving at a much slower place than Bush or Romney . All three Republicans will be competing for a similar slice of establishment-friendly financial backers and voters should they each seek the GOP nomination . Christie , already hamstrung on fundraising by strict pay-to-play laws that prohibit Wall Street employees from from contributing to governors seeking federal office , was further diminished in the eyes of some donors last year by the "  Bridgegate " scandal and its subsequent investigations . Christie 's record as governor has also been met with some skepticism by the business community : New Jersey has seen eight credit downgrades and continues to have some of the highest taxes in the country . His fading star opened the door last year for Bush to start making calls to potential supporters who might have previously been with with Christie . Christie 's team insists the Romney and Bush developments have had little bearing on his decision-making process -- or his ability to fund a potential campaign . "  The last couple of weeks actually had no impact , " said one Christie confidante , granted anonymity to discuss the 2016 machinations with some candor . "  He is not changing his plans . He is not moving up any schedule . He is attending a bunch of inaugurals . He has a bunch of speeches coming up . He feels he is in good position and he feels like he has time to decide to want to do more . " The adviser pointed out that Christie is fresh off an impressive tenure as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , a post that put him in regular touch with some of the party 's biggest contributors . He remains on the RGA 's executive committee , and plans to connect with many of the same donors at February gathering of the RGA in Washington . No candidate -- even ones with the names Bush and Romney -- can take the donor world for granted , the Christie adviser insisted . "  I think all three of them , Romney , Bush , Gov. Christie , have a leg up on donor world , " the source said . "  But you take those people for granted at your own peril . Everybody will be courting those folks , but I think the smart folks will take their time . " To most Americans , the donor courtship now underway is hidden from view and largely meaningless . But in the early stages of a presidential primary , the whims of big donors have outsized importance , especially in a post-Citizens United world where a single rich person can prop up a candidate with a well-funded super PAC . As the costs of running a presidential campaign skyrocket , landing the support of a major bundler can bring instant credibility to a candidate even before the campaign begins in earnest . Early signals indicate that Christie might not be hard up for cash should he decide to run . Already he has secured the backing of Texas bundler Ray Washburne , a recently-departed Republican National Committee finance chairman , two GOP sources confirmed to CNN . And The Wall Street Journal reported this week that Ken Langone , the Home Depot founder and prominent Republican donor , is organizing a dinner for Christie and potential supporters in New York later this month . Once the donor primary ends and the actual primary begins , Christie may be on better footing in a race against Bush and Romney . "  There is room in the primary for anyone who has enough resources , " said Tom Rath , a longtime New Hampshire power broker and Romney ally . "  Look , it 's a little different talking about how you connect with voters , and it 's another story talking about how you connect with the large scale fundraisers . But the fact is , New Hampshire will give every candidate a fair shot . There is not home court advantage here for anyone at all . " Though both of Christie 's potential rivals in the establishment lane have big networks and deep experience in national politics , both of them are older than than the 52-year old Christie . Romney is 67 and Bush is 61 , and both could be tagged as stale emblems of the past . Christie , too , is a natural retail campaigner and perhaps the best political performer of anyone in the Republican field . The contrast could be stark against the buttoned-up , bespectacled Bush and the notoriously awkward Romney . "  He is kind of a hell-raiser , and nobody is going to say that about Jeb Bush or Mitt Romney , " said Leighton Lord , a South Carolina attorney who hosted a reception for Christie in the early primary state this week . "  He is not like a lot of the other folks that are running that are more cautious and calculating . Folks are getting tired of that . They like his authenticity , which he has got all day long . That 's sort of a counter to Romney . With Romney , you 're never sure if you 're getting the real Mitt Romney or the Romney he thinks you want . " Though he 's been slower than Bush or Romney when it comes to hiring staff and building out a campaign , Christie is still looking and sounding very much like a candidate-in-waiting . He is likely to launch a political action committee in the coming weeks , multiple GOP sources said , and he is heading to a big conservative gathering in Iowa after this week 's excursion to South Carolina . Christie can afford to wait longer than other candidates , his supporters said , in part because of his fame . He does n't need to introduce himself to voters in the way Bush will , for instance . "  So much of politics these days is celebrity , " Lord said . "  We have got to find somebody who has the substance and the integrity , but is also a celebrity . And Chris has got that . " In South Carolina , where he attended the inauguration of Gov. Nikki Haley , Christie posed for selfies with top elected officials , including the Lieutenant Governor and Attorney General , before dropping by a crowded GOP meet-and-greet arranged by Lord and other Republicans . The reception was a positive one . Christie 's speech to the audience was "  short on conservative red meat , but long on how he 's the guy that can win , " said one Republican who attended the afternoon session , held at a Columbia law firm . "  He said something to the effect of , ` Today is Nikki Haley 's day , but maybe it will be Chris Christie 's day in South Carolina soon , " the source told CNN . "  You could n't walk away from that thinking anything other than he 's going to run . " After the event , Matt Moore , the chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party , posted photos of the event on Facebook . "  My honor to introduce Chris Christie in South Carolina today , " he wrote . "  The man tells it like it is ... we like that in S.C. ! "	Chris Christie was once the Republican establishment 's favorite heading into 2016 But he could face challenges if Romney and Bush enter the race
CNN  -- What would happen if you posted derogatory comments about your boss on a Facebook page that you knew would be read by your co-workers ? How would your boss react if in those Facebook posts you called him or her a "  coward , " a "  domestic enemy , " and boasted that you would n't be following the boss ' instructions in the future ? And what if your boss is the president of the United States and you are a sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corps ? That 's essentially the case of Sgt. Gary Stein , a nine-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps , who is on the verge of being discharged from the military for making comments on Facebook about his boss : the commander-in-chief , President Barack Obama . Stein posted comments on both his personal Facebook page and on The Armed Forces Tea Party Facebook page he created , mocking the president . On those pages he referred to President Obama as a "  domestic enemy , " a coward , and even superimposed President Obama 's face on the poster for the movie "  Jackass . " But the comment that really drew the ire of Marine Corps brass was this post from Stein : "  As an Active Duty Marine I say ` Screw Obama ' and I will not follow all orders from him ... has -LSB- sic -RSB- for saluting Obama as commander-in-chief ... I will not ! " It 's pretty clear that Stein will not be adding President Obama as a friend on Facebook any time soon . The U.S. military has alleged that Stein 's postings violated military regulations prohibiting partisan political statements while in active service in the military . Consequently , Stein was charged with conduct "  prejudicial to good order and discipline . " But Stein does n't see it that way . Stein appeared earlier this week on CNN 's "  Starting Point " arguing that the Facebook posts were not his views as a U.S. Marine , but , " ... my personal opinion as Gary Stein . " Members of the military are free to give their personal opinions about political candidates , but Stein 's Facebook post begins : "  As an Active Duty Marine I say ` Screw Obama ... ' " This clearly gives the appearance that Stein is speaking as a member of the Marine Corps . Secondly , the Marine Corps motto is the Latin phrase "  Semper Fi , " which means "  always faithful . " The motto is n't "  faithful only nine to five . " Every Marine I have ever met has made it clear that being a U.S. Marine is a 24-hour a day job . Bottom line : Stein , upon enlisting , agreed to follow the rules of the U.S. Military , which contain express regulations prohibiting certain partisan political speech . As a result of his apparent violations of these regulations , a military panel ruled last week three to zero to discharge Stein from the military . In normal times , this case would have likely received little media coverage . But these are not normal times . Instead , we live in a grotesquely partisan era . Consequently , three Republican congressmen publicly came to Stein 's defense : Reps. Allen West , Darrell Issa and Duncan Hunter . Hunter even sent a personal letter to the Marine Corps in which he stated in part : "  I urge the Marine Corps to withdraw the discharge proceedings and allow Sgt Stein to complete his enlistment . " West , a former U.S. Army officer , issued a statement paradoxically conceding that Stein should face some form of discipline -- although less than discharge -- but then in essence pointed his finger at President Obama as the cause for Stein 's conduct : "  If America had leadership that gained the respect of our military , instead of simply using them as stage props for speeches , this atmosphere would not exist . " Adding to the growing partisanship of this case is that the lawyer now representing Stein -- Gary Kreep -- was one of the lead organizers of the birther movement , which contended falsely that President Obama was not born in America and , thus , not legitimately the president . Kreep even created a 28-minute infomercial on the birther issue in which he hawked "  Got a Birth Certificate " bumper stickers for $ 30 each . You have to wonder if Stein had made the comments at issue about a Republican president if these men would be offering the same support .  It 's a rhetorical question : We all know the answer . Inserting partisan politics into our military is dangerous . Our nation 's military can not be divided into political factions where loyalty is based on whether service members agree with the political views of the commander-in-chief . As the U.S. Supreme Court noted when upholding restrictions on partisan politics in the military : We live under " ... the American constitutional tradition of a politically neutral military establishment under civilian control . " There should be zero tolerance by the military for any partisan politicking by active duty service men or women . This is not only "  prejudicial to good order and discipline , " but could lead to the loss of lives . We already have one dysfunctional institution marred by partisan infighting -- the U.S. Congress - we ca n't afford another . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	A Marine is facing dismissal for his anti-Obama posts on Facebook Sgt. Gary Stein said he would n't follow orders from Obama or salute him Dean Obeidallah : Military requires obedience , ca n't be subjected to partisanship He says three GOP congressmen are out of bounds for backing the Marine
CNN  -- Many boxers have aspired to be the next Julio Cesar Chavez , but only one man was born to be . His dad is an icon , a tiny man who cast a huge shadow . A man who lifted the entire nation of Mexico with his hands . And despite his 46 victories without a defeat , Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. still has to answer the questions about his famous father , still has to punch through the skepticism , still has to face opponents who he says underestimate him because just they do n't think he 's as good as his dad . "  I ca n't help that people say that stuff about me . I am the son , and that is who I am , " the 26-year-old said last week . "  He is my dad , but little by little , I have proven myself . I have proven it in the ring . " The man he fights Saturday night in Las Vegas is another doubter . But he 's more than that : He 's terribly angry that his title was taken away and that of all people , the younger Chavez was the one who got it . Sergio Martinez thinks it is a joke that Chavez is the WBC middleweight champion . He does n't believe that Chavez has the skills . It was his name that won him a belt . Looking back at ` Latino in America ' : Olympic boxer fights to inspire "  The only reason he is world champion is because he is Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. , the son of the legend , " said Martinez , who is 49-2-2 and considered the third best fighter in the world , regardless of weight division . He will easily be Chavez 's most difficult opponent , and long-time boxing announcer Jim Lampley of HBO Sports , which will show the fight on pay-per-view , sees it as an intriguing match of opposites . Where Chavez is bigger and has often employed a simple , direct fight plan , Martinez moves quickly , is a cerebral boxer who thoroughly studies his opponent . Even at age 37 , he will wear a foe down with superior conditioning . "  Martinez is a matador of the highest order , and Chavez is a bull of the highest order , " Lampley said . One thing that helps Chavez , Lampley said , is that he has a great chin -- that is , the ability to take a strong punch to the head -- like his father . Experts ' predictions for Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.-Sergio Martinez Unlike his father , though , Chavez did n't grow up poor . Boxing was n't a way out and a way up . It was a way to impress his father , whom Chavez calls his idol . Junior was always around boxing . He 'd go to his father 's workouts , even when he was very young . Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. won his first 87 fights , taking titles in three weight divisions . He ended his career with a record of 107-6-2 , including 15 victories over men who were or would become champions . ESPN ranked him as the 24th best boxer of all time , and the Ring said in 2002 that he was among the top 20 fighters during the magazine 's 80 years of publication . But to young Julio , he was also a drunk and drug addict who was often hard to live with while growing up . It was the son who took the boxing legend to rehab . The struggling father disowned his son but later thanked him . "  I would have died , " the elder Chavez told HBO for the documentary series "  24/7 . "  HBO , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Today , the father is a businessman with restaurants and car dealerships and an energy drink . But as his son 's fight with Martinez approaches , the legendary fighter is a very interested observer and anxious teacher . One evening , as night owl Julio Jr. emerges from his slumber , the father tries to give the begrudging student a lesson on how to box Martinez , who will seek to constantly move just outside Chavez 's reach . The son looks disinterested and then jumps into the pool as his father continues to shadowbox and shout advice . Later , the son sets up a spontaneous training session at the rental house where he is staying before the fight instead of going to the gym . It 's nights like this that anger his trainer , himself a legend in boxing for having coached more than 30 world champions . But none of them keeps a schedule like Chavez , Freddie Roach said . The boxer trains where he wants to . At the gym , at the house , even outside at a cookout . He sleeps through most hours of daylight and then gets up and figures out whether he is going to meet Roach for a workout . Sometimes , he does n't even go to the gym until 2 a.m. Sometimes , he does n't go at all , calling Roach , who has waited hours , and telling him his body is n't up to it today . It frustrates the coach , who also trains Manny Pacquiao , among others . But he tolerates it . "  It 's OK , as long as we get the work done , " he said . Lampley , who will call Saturday 's fight , said Chavez has improved greatly since inviting Roach into his corner . "  He has a far greater sense of where to be and when to be somewhere in the ring , " Lampley said . "  He moves with much greater fluidity . He can set things up . He used to just walk in and fire punches . Now he does more to set up his punches , particularly the left hook to the body . " Just like his old man . Roach admitted he 's had work to do with the young prospect . "  He has the instincts of a fighter ; he 's just not a natural fighter like his father was , " Roach said . It is certain that Martinez , who came to the sport very late at age 20 , does n't think Chavez is the fighter his father was . During a dual interview with boxing analyst Max Kellerman , Martinez glared at Chavez and said , "  You 're living in a delusion , based on your legendary father . When are you going to stop believing that ? " To which Chavez retorted , "  I will never stop being my father 's son . " But for Chavez to stop being just a son of legend and start on the path to becoming a legend himself , he 'll have to beat Martinez on Saturday .	Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. fights Sergio Martinez in a championship match Saturday Martinez says Chavez Jr. is champ only because of his father , one of boxing 's greats Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. won championships in three different weight divisions Martinez is considered one of the top three fighters in the world today
CNN  -- Kimberly Bratic hauled her gear up Afghan mountains . She went into areas where Taliban lived . She grieved when fellow soldiers were blown up by a suicide bomber . She missed her family for a year , and heard the worry in her sons ' voices when she got the rare chance to call home . She lay awake , thinking , "  What if I do n't make it home ? " The only difference between the 39-year-old single mom and the men she went on 70 missions with was their job titles . U.S. lifts ban on women in combat The guys were combat infantry . She was a public affairs specialist , the person who documented their experience training Afghan military and police . "  I do n't think the enemy would really know the difference if he decided to shoot , " she wrote in a CNN iReport . On Thursday , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced that the Pentagon was doing a 180 on its long-standing policy against putting women in combat roles . The branches have until mid-May to come up with a plan to implement the historic and controversial change in the next couple years . "  Mr. Panetta 's decision is just unchecking a box , " Bratic told CNN . "  Because we 're already out there and just as likely to get shot up . " She understands that men and women have different strengths and many women wo n't be able to endure the physical demands of training for combat positions . Former troops say time has come for women in combat units But she 's worked with several women , including female Afghan soldiers , who definitely could . "  They want it ? Give them the chance to go for it , " she said . That is all the sergeant wanted when she enlisted two and a half years ago . Despite having a master 's degree in operations management and a bachelor 's degree in human resource management , Bratic was struggling to find a job in northwest Ohio . Rent was due , the bills were piling up and she had three sons to feed . Then one evening a friend off-handedly said that she should think about the Army . With her education , she could likely enlist as an officer , he told her . "  I thought , ` No way , not me , " Bratic recalled . "  But I went online and started reading all these articles and blogs about Uncle Sam wants you . " She looked up what she might potentially earn -- $ 3,000 a month , including hazard pay in a war zone . "  It started making sense , " she said . But convincing herself was n't really the problem . Letting mom go to Afghanistan Bratic was the kind of mother who always talked reality with her sons , then 9 , 10 and 18 . They hated that their mother was often gone , juggling a couple low-paying part-time jobs , including being an adjunct professor . "  They knew I was trying to pay bills , " she said . "  It was hard for them . They just wanted me to come home and have family time and I just could n't . " So she sat them down and together they looked at the websites of the National Guard and the Navy . They just played around a bit , watched the slick videos that look so cool . She told them what she wanted to do . "  My oldest , who was starting to think about taking care of himself , understood it , " Bratic said . "  But the two little ones , they were worried . My middle one had the hardest time . He was the most fearful . " The 10-year-old , Cresston , watched the news . He knew what it meant when Americans in uniform went to Iraq and Afghanistan . By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military But what could he do ? What could the brothers really say ? Mom was going to do what she felt she had to . And if she went away , even if it was a long time , maybe afterward she would have money and they could spend more time together . Bratic called her ex-husband . The boys ' father did n't like the idea , but he was a good dad . He agreed to care for them while she was gone . Being in a foreign country at war is frightening . Being afraid you could die is haunting . But being away from your children in that environment is uniquely anguishing . "  That mom side of you ... I could n't look at Afghan kids . I just shut it off . You 'll tear yourself up thinking about your kids , " she said . "  Your head has to be in the mission . " She was definitely focused . In the span of six months , she went on 70 missions , assigned to the 37th Infantry Brigade Combat Team . She worked closely with Brig. Gen. Abdul Habib Sayed Khail . It was the infantry 's job to help train Afghan troops so that they can secure Afghanistan when the United States draws down its troops . Bratic said her role was not only to photograph what was happening but also to serve as a mentor the Afghans , including female American and Afghan police and service members . She also mentored Lt. Abdul Mohammed , her male Afghan public affairs counterpart . "  I felt like there was a lot of respect for me , " she said . "  I was older and that probably helped . But I respected them . I was a guest in their country , and my guys , the group I was with , established up front that I was to be respected . " But Bratic was constantly aware and alert , knowing about the increasing problem of "  green-on-blue " attacks in which Afghans have turned their guns on their U.S. trainers and fellow Afghan soldiers . She neither played up nor played down her gender . "  The Army is 14 % female so I 'm already outnumbered , " she said . "  You just do n't think about the guys you 're around as eye candy or potential husbands . But you still take care of yourself . I put my hair back every day . I wore Chapstick because my lips would get so dry . And I put eyeliner on because I look deadly without eyeliner . " A uniformed woman in Taliban country Bratic recalls a favorite mission in Khawajah Bahawuddin in the northeastern region of Badakhshan . The area had not seen NATO forces for years , and no women . "  The potential for disaster was high . We had intel that Taliban were in the area . I had no idea how the people there would react . When we got there , everybody was eyeballing me . I was the woman , the oddity . " The plan was to be there for a while . Gen. Habib took them to a shrine to Ahmad Shah Massoud . A key political and military leader in the Afghans ' fight against the Russians in the 1980s , Massoud is a national hero in Afghanistan . If he had not been assassinated on September 9 , 2001 , some believe he would have gone on to find Osama bin Laden and help the United States and its allies in a way that no one else could . While she stood there , holding her camera , Habib told her how Massoud was killed . His attackers pretended to be journalists doing an interview . Their camera was a bomb . Bratic thinks about that day when people ask her why she went to Afghanistan . It started out as a way to make money , but it became about more . She is like every soldier , regardless of gender , who is changed by a war and hopes that their families get that . When she returned to Ohio , her boys ran to her . They embraced their mom . Her son Cresston , though , needs her attention right now . He does n't want her to leave again , and she opted to be inactive for now , with the Army Reserve . But she wants to go back badly . Unlike many of the younger soldiers who served with her who banked their earnings , she had to constantly send money back home to pay the bills . She 's afloat for now , living again in Ohio . She spends some of her time blogging about her military experience at Afghanbattlefox.com . But mostly she 's sending out resumes and making phone calls . She 's still had no luck finding a job .	An unemployed single mom with bills to pay decides to enlist in the Army In Afghanistan , Kimberly Bratic worked with a combat team One of her three sons struggled with her decision to leave She just got home to Ohio and still can not find a job
CNN  -- When Cesar Castillo 's cancer returned for the second time , he fell apart . "  I had to go through a rigorous chemo and radiation therapy and a stem cell transplant , " he said . "  I could n't concentrate . I could n't relax . I was really anxious and depressed . All I kept thinking was : ` Here I am , not even 30 , being poisoned and fighting for my life . ' " Diagnosed with severe depression , Castillo was put on Paxil . "  The medicine turned me into a totally different  person  , " he remembers , "  and yet I still could n't relax . " Are we over-diagnosing mental illness ? A year later , with the help of a yoga class for cancer survivors at his gym , Castillo was feeling like his old self again . By then he had given up on the medication . So , when a work crisis triggered a second bout of depression and panic attacks , he had no intention of trying meds again . "  I went back to what had worked for me the first time . I upped the Bikram yoga and I channeled my energy into getting stronger and more relaxed again , " he said . "  Yoga became my saving grace . " Castillo 's success with yoga would not surprise Dr. P. Murali Doraiswamy , professor of psychiatry and medicine at Duke University Medical Center . Doraiswamy is one of three authors of a recent study published in the journal Frontiers in Psychiatry . "  We all know the myth of yoga , " says Doraiswamy . But he and his colleagues wanted to know whether there was evidence to match the hype . To find out , they sifted through more than 100 studies on the effects of yoga on a variety of major psychiatric disorders , including depression , schizophrenia and ADHD . After narrowing their field to only the highest-quality studies , the Duke researchers focused on 16 and found that yoga holds tangible benefits for disorders ranging from sleep complaints and ADHD to schizophrenia and depression . Evidence for yoga 's effect on eating disorders and cognition problems was either conflicting or lacking . Scientists have cited evidence that the practice of yoga may affect the human body in ways similar to antidepressants and psychotherapy . One study of biomarkers , for example , found that yoga influences brain chemicals by boosting serotonin levels , lowers inflammation , reduces oxidative stress and exerts a positive influence on other key elements of the human body that play a role in mental health . So is it time to exchange your medications for a yoga mat ? Absolutely not , says Doraiswamy , but he says rigorous research of this issue on a larger scale should be a national priority . There are some 30 to 50 million Americans taking psychiatric drugs , he notes . Some are benefiting and some are not . In one study , funded by the National Institute of Mental Health , only one-third of patients achieved remission of depressive symptoms , defined as becoming symptom-free . As a culture , we are becoming more and more dependent on pills , Doraiswamy tells me , but pills do n't prevent any of the psychiatric illnesses . They do n't build resilience . They do n't teach coping strategies and they do n't in general engender wellness . There are some situations when medication is essential . But outside-the-box strategies , such as yoga , could offer a low-cost , viable approach . The issue echoes a sentiment I have been hearing about with increasing frequency : Recent advances in fields such as nutrition , technology and the mind-body connection are continuing to expand our definition of what constitutes mainstream "  medicine . " Drugs and surgery , yes ; but what else ? Researchers , for example , recently showed for the first time that a Mediterranean diet can have as powerful an effect as drugs in preventing heart attacks , strokes and deaths from cardiovascular disease in subjects at high risk of heart disease . Other scientists are contemplating the possibility of having doctors ask their patients to download an app in lieu of taking a drug and calling them in the morning . Alas , as tangible and compelling as the effects of these nondrug interventions may be , they often lack the deep pharma pockets required for the clinical trials that will bring doctors on board . When it comes to yoga , at least , Doraiswamy believes we should be urging our government agencies or large nonprofit agencies to take on the issue and to help establish rigorous proof for the benefit of the public . I try to imagine how I would feel if a psychiatrist were to prescribe me a downward dog or two instead of an antidepressant . Odd , I think . But in a really good way .	Study finds yoga holds tangible benefits for a range of disorders Regular practice could help ADHD , schizophrenia and depression More research is needed but yoga could be a low-cost , viable option
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's prime minister continued his outspoken criticism of China 's crackdown on ethnic Uyghurs on Saturday . A Uyghur student cries as Turks pray on Friday in Ankara , Turkey , for people who died in protests in Urumqi , China . In remarks published by the official Anatolian Agency , Recep Tayyip Erdogan denouncing what he called "  savagery " and called on the Chinese government to "  give up efforts to assimilate " the country 's Uyghur minority . On Friday , Erdogan went a step further , announcing to journalists upon his return to Ankara from the Group of Eight summit in Italy that "  the incidents in China are a genocide . There 's no point in interpreting this otherwise . " Many Turks view the Uyghurs of Central Asia as fellow Turkic , Muslim brothers . At least 184 people died in last weekend 's violent protests in Urumqi , in China 's far-west Xinjiang region , according to Chinese state-run media . The violent demonstrations also left more than 1,000 injured in the capital , according to government figures . Heavily armed troops remain on the streets of Urumqi and curfews are in effect . The violence is a result of ethnic tensions between the Uyghurs , who are predominantly Muslim , and members of China 's Han majority . Hundreds of Han Chinese were on the streets of Urumqi last Tuesday , holding sticks and pipes and calling for severe punishment of the Uyghurs , who they say committed serious crimes . The Uyghurs say they have been victimized and many of those killed in the violence Sunday were Uyghurs . Uyghur religious leaders have condemned the violence , saying it is against the spirit of the Muslim faith and Uyghur tradition . Several hundred Turkish and Uyghur demonstrators gathered during the past week to protest outside the Chinese embassy in Ankara . In another comment widely reported in the Turkish press , Erdogan announced he would be willing to approve a visa for Rebiya Kadeer , an exiled Uyghur activist currently residing in the United States . Kadeer issued a response on Saturday , which was distributed to CNN from her publisher and publicist , Kenneth Kales . "  I am grateful to Prime Minister Erdogan for his comment that Turkey will grant me a visa . I look forward to traveling to Turkey as soon as possible . The Uyghur and the Turkish people share close cultural and linguistic roots . "  The Uyghurs and Turks consider themselves as the same people . Uyghurs cherish our common language , customs , and spirit of freedom . We embrace the opportunity to meet with our Turkish cousins . " However , Kadeer was "  not entitled to represent the Uyghur people , " a former Xinjiang official said , according to China 's state-run media . Ismail Amat , an ethnic Uyghur who headed China 's Xinjiang regional government , was quoted by the Xinhua news agency as calling Kadeer "  scum . "	Turkey 's PM calls on China to stop assimilation efforts of Uyghurs in Xinjiang Prime Minister Erdogan labels latest violence in Urumqi as "  genocide " Clashes in Urumqi erupted over ethnic tensions between Uyghurs and Han
CNN  -- Actress Ashley Judd says a wolf management program backed by Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is "  incredibly savage ... it 's not right , it 's not appropriate , it makes no sense on any level . " Ashley Judd is criticizing the aerial hunting of wolves , a program supported by Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . Appearing on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Judd repeated her criticism of a program that allows hunters firing from aircraft to shoot wolves to thin the numbers of the animals . Judd recently appeared in a video for the Washington-based Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund , which also opposes the Palin-backed aerial hunting program . Referring to the former Republican vice presidential candidate by name in the video , Judd says that Palin is "  championing the slaughter of wildlife . " "  When Sarah Palin came on the national scene last summer , few knew that she promotes the brutal aerial killing of wolves , " Judd says in the video , adding , "  It is time to stop Sarah Palin and stop this senseless savagery . " Palin responded on Tuesday , releasing a statement calling Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund an "  extreme fringe group , " and saying , "  It is reprehensible and hypocritical that the Defenders of Wildlife would use Alaska and my administration as a fundraising tool to deceive Americans into parting with their hard-earned money . " Watch why Judd , Palin are trading barbs " Judd said Alaska 's program is a "  distortion " of wildlife hunting under normal circumstances , and that the program attracts "  urban hunters , trophy hunters from out of state . " Palin did not appear on "  Larry King Live , " but Rod Arno , executive director of the Alaska Outdoor Council , told King by telephone that only Alaska residents can participate in the aerial wolf-hunting program , and then they must obtain a state permit . The purpose of the program is to facilitate control of Alaska 's wolf population , which preys on moose and caribou , Arno said . "  The only criticism is from people who are n't up here participating in a predator-prey scheme , " he said . Judd was accompanied by Rodger Schlickeisen , CEO of the Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund , and he said "  hundreds " of scientists have criticized the aerial hunting program . Schlickeisen suggested that Palin 's government allow television crews to videotape the hunting process "  and you could put this out for all the people in American to see and she  Palin  could proudly stand up for it . "	Ashley Judd criticizes Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin for supporting aerial wolf hunting In video , Judd says Palin is "  championing the slaughter of wildlife " Supporters say hunting program is used to control Alaska 's wolf population
The gruesome gunning-down of 15-year-old Malala Yousufzai spotlighted the fate of children in Pakistan , one of the world 's most dangerous places to go to school . But in war zones around the world , from Afghanistan to Yemen , students , teachers and schools are regularly coming under attack . These are the world 's unrecognized Malalas . In southern Thailand , I visited a school that was still smoldering from an arson attack a few days earlier . Separatist insurgents had doused the classrooms with gasoline and dragged books from the library and mattresses from the kindergarten to fuel the flames . The insurgents view schools as places where the Buddhist Thai government indoctrinates the local Muslim Malay population . Gordon Brown : Millions of children face Malala 's fight for an education The school 's teachers were distraught but worried that if they fled the area , the children would be left with no one to teach them . These teachers ' bravery is astounding : This month , three bullets to the head felled Komsan Chomyong . He was the 152nd teacher to be assassinated since violence erupted in southern Thailand in 2004 . In the past five years , armed forces and armed groups have attacked or taken over schools in at least 25 countries , endangering children 's lives , education and future . Armed groups target schools and teachers as symbols of the state . They oppose what is being taught , and to whom . These attacks are not a matter of collateral damage ; they are part of deliberate , despicable strategies . Opinion : Candidates , answer the Malala question This year in eastern Yemen , I met a 14-year-old boy who explained how al Qaeda-linked extremists had replaced the teachers and curriculum at his school . Pointing to a card I brought displaying pictures of various weapons , he identified five that his new "  teachers " had taught him and his classmates to use . I met another 14-year-old in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , who told me how frightened he had been when the principal led students into the basement to escape gunfire aimed at the militia that had established a base on the school 's top floor . "  You could n't recognize that this was a school because of the military barracks here , " one teacher told me . In central India , I sifted through the shrapnel and splintered desks in a school that had been bombed by Maoist guerrillas . "  This school has been badly damaged , " lamented a 16-year-old student showing me around . "  Everything is in ruins . " In India , the Maoists attack schools because the isolated pink buildings make easy targets in rural areas otherwise devoid of government structures . But in doing so , the Maoists harm the country 's most marginalized and needy : the very children for whom they claim to be fighting . Safe schools offer essential protection for children in wartime . They can provide lifesaving information about things like avoiding land mines and preventing HIV . They can also shield children from trafficking and recruitment by armed groups . In the long term , a good education promotes peace and post-conflict reconstruction , and helps young people develop the skills to build lives for themselves and prosperity for their communities . Perhaps most important , access to a safe space to study and learn provides students with a sense of normality , routine and calm amid the chaos of war . Opinion : A year later , can Libya tame militias ? Ending attacks on students , teachers and schools requires action at both the national and international levels . We need a shared recognition that such attacks can amount to war crimes and need global attention . Where attacks occur , the United Nations should be allowed access to negotiate with armed groups to end grave violations against children .  Thailand recently denied the U.N. access to verify the crimes being committed against children in the south . We also need better preventive measures and a more timely response . Destroyed schools should be quickly rebuilt , not left as piles of rubble like so many in Pakistan . Militaries should commit to refraining from converting schools into military bases and barracks , to prevent turning schools into targets . In Syria right now , school buildings are being bombed as both sides target each other 's bases set up inside classrooms . The cause for which Malala Yousufzai risked her life -- ensuring that children , no matter where they live , can enjoy an education in safety and security -- has received new attention since her bloody attack . Let us work to ensure that it does not take more Malalas for the world to react and give attacks on schools the attention it deserves .	Bede Sheppard : Malala shooting reminds that schools , globally , are besieged in war zones He says schools attacked in 25 nations in past 5 years , including Yemen , Thailand , India He says militias use them for fighting , they become targets ; kids lose stability , education Sheppard : World must see this as war crime , put protections in place , even in war
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- It has been almost two weeks since Eman al-Obeidy burst into our hotel in Tripoli , desperate for the world to hear her story of rape and torture . We had been trying since then to interview her in person and were finally able to speak to her Wednesday , against the explicit wishes of the Libyan government . "  You should not be allowed to do this , " government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told me . The interview with al-Obeidy was facilitated by Gadhafi 's son Saadi and was subject to a government review . We asked al-Obeidy if she would be willing to come to Saadi Gadhafi 's office . She agreed and Gadhafi sent a car to pick her up . She and Gadhafi met privately before our interview , the first time the two had met . Gadhafi appeared shocked afterward . He commented on her strong character and willingness to challenge him when they disagreed . He and his press assistant sat in on the 30-minute CNN meeting . Some of the time , we were alone with her . She came dressed in ornate black robes and with her head covered . She called herself an ordinary citizen , a good Muslim who is conservative in her social outlook . She spoke with clarity and exuded strength through the conversation , adamant about clearing her name she said Libyan state media had smeared . "  Everything they said about me is a lie , " she said . "  I am well-educated unlike the way the Libyan TV portrayed me . I come from a good family , regardless of what they said , I am also not mentally challenged like they said . Just because I raised my voice and talked to the media they blamed me and questioned my sanity . Nonetheless , I want my rights , even without the media . " She spoke of her abduction , of how she was taken to one of the residences of Moammar Gadhafi 's soldiers . They were drunk , she said . They tied her up , beat and raped her . Her bruises had faded , but I could still the see the evidence of her agony around her wrists . She said in the height of her trauma , she took pictures with the camera on her mobile phone , lest people should not believe her later . "  People have blamed me for showing my body , " she said . "  I was depressed and there was no way to show people how I was tortured . I was brutally tortured to the point of them entering weapons inside me . They would also pour alcohol in my eyes . " She said the men who tortured her are still free , without punishment . Later Saadi Gadhafi told me : "  The people responsible for raping her should face charges . She is a strong woman . " Al-Obeidy , a law school graduate , spoke her mind in Gadhafi 's presence and gave no indication that she was intimidated by him , even when she accused the Libyan authorities of lawlessness , brutality and lies . "  I wanted to defend myself because they did not even give me the right to respond , " she said . That Saturday , when she tried to speak to journalists at the Rixos Hotel , she was dragged off the property . She was beaten and thrown in jail . Her phone was confiscated . At one point , al-Obeidy told her fellow citizens in eastern Libya and the besieged western city of Misrata to be strong . After the interview was over , Gadhafi objected to that line . Al-Obeidy agreed to Gadhafi 's request that it be cut from the video , but only with full disclosure that those 10 seconds had been removed . Ibrahim , the government spokesman , reviewed my interview and objected to its tone , to the questions I asked and to the overall content . But Saadi Gadhafi overruled his objections . We were asked not to broadcast the interview until another government representative was able to look at it . At the insistence of the Libyan government , we delayed transmission of the video for 18 hours , waiting for word . But the review never came and in the end we were cleared to air almost all of al-Obeidy 's words with the exception of the 10 seconds that she agreed to cut . She was thankful for Saadi Gadhafi 's efforts to make the interview happen . "  He was a humble and understanding man , and he treated me well , " she told me . "  He said that he will take my case and help me . " She had asked for three things -- that she be allowed to clear her name , that her abusers are prosecuted and that she be reunited with her family in the eastern city of Tobruk . Al-Obeidy took the first steps to getting one of her wishes . She is counting on Saadi Gadhafi to help her with the other two .	Saadi Gadhafi sent a car to bring Eman al-Obeidy to his office Al-Obeidy is not intimidated by his presence , calls him a humble man She says she wants to clear her name , smeared on state TV Story of rape and torture became known after she burst into a Tripoli hotel
CNN  -- One of the key questions asked after any serious airline incident is , how do we stop this happening again ? Malaysia Airlines has changed its cockpit regulations as a result of Flight 370 's disappearance . Many other incidents in the past have led to safer flying conditions for us today , as a result of improvements and changes to protocol , laws and technology in planes . Below we outline some of the most important ones . These helped pave the way to making 2013 one of the safest years in aviation history according to the Aviation Safety Network , with only 29 known accidents worldwide and 265 fatalities  the 10-year average is 720 fatalities per year  . 1 . Collision Avoidance Systems Collision Avoidance Systems have been a priority in the aerospace industry since the inception of flight . In 1956 , a TWA jet crashed into a United Airlines flight above the Grand Canyon . The incident was the first of many that illustrated the need for increased communication between planes . A few years later , the Federal Aviation Administration was formed to set guidelines for aviation in the United States , but still , issues remained . Several other two-plane accidents -- including a 1996 collision near New Delhi that resulted in 349 casualties -- emphasized the need for advanced anti-collision technology . After a congressional ruling in 1991 , the FAA implemented the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System , which monitors the airspace around an aircraft independent of air traffic control . "  TCAS really came about in the late '90s , and since then , I do n't think we 've really seen a collision between two airlines , " noted Phil Seymour , president and COO of the International Bureau of Aviation , a consultancy that offers analysis and advice to the aviation industry . And the world 's safest airline is ... 2 . Roomier seats Coach may seem pretty crammed these days , but according to Seymour , there 's a limit to how much plane manufacturers are allowed to shave off the space around seats . In fact , modern-day seat layout has been rigorously calculated to carry out the most effective evacuation . This is in part thanks to research carried out by the Cranfield Institute after a 1985 incident when a British Airtours 737 caught fire before takeoff at Manchester International Airport . An engine caught fire , and the flames spread quickly . Unfortunately , the lack of space between seats meant that bottle-necking occurred at the doors , and some passengers could n't escape . "  The aisles became jammed with people panicking to exit , and there literally was n't enough space between the seats , " Seymour recalled . "  Now , there are limits in terms of the minimum space between seats as well as the distance to an emergency exit . " 3 . Weather radar Severe weather has played a role in some crashes , most notably that of Delta Airlines Flight 191 , which crashed in 1985 while approaching Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport in a thunderstorm . "  Rain is one thing , but if a pilot gets into wind shear and the currents are there , it will literally just push your aircraft onto the ground . There have been some incidents where aircraft have crashed when making their final approach , " Seymour said . In 1981 , the FAA required all turbine-powered commercial planes be installed with wind shear detection systems by 1993 . Since then , the models have become increasingly sophisticated . "  A lot of the more advanced weather radar do n't just detect bad weather but predict wind shear . If a pilot sees wind shear coming , instead of landing , he can circle around the airport until it disappears . " Language of air travel : How traffic control keeps you safe 4 . Manual training It took two years for search parties to recover the black box from Air France Flight 447 , which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean en route to Paris from Rio . On reviewing the recordings , the French Bureau d'Enqutes et d'Analyse blamed pilot error , in particular an overdependence on the automated flight control system . "  The senior captain was on his break , and the aircraft was being piloted by two less experienced pilots , " recalled Seymour . "  Since then , Airbus and Boeing have both changed their operation procedures and have put more focus on manual training . " In the wake of the incident , Air France also revamped its training procedures and introduced a "  gatekeeper " position . Gatekeepers are tasked with contacting the flight crew in the event of an incident and providing pilots with on-the-spot training , tools and advice . 5 . Retiring old planes The FAA addressed the issue of how long planes should fly in 1988 when it created the National Aging Aircraft Research program , which monitors the structural integrity of older planes . The measure was a result of an Aloha Airlines accident . While flying at 24,000 feet , a large section of the roof blew off , leaving passengers flying in the open air . The plane -- a Boeing 737 -- was 19 years old , and investigators blamed the incident on the plane 's age-related wear and tear . Air New Zealand 's new swimsuit safety video : Fun or offensive ? 6 . Reviewing repairs When it comes to making repairs to old aircraft , airlines have also become increasingly stringent . This is mainly the result of Japan Airlines Flight 123 , which crashed in the mountains 62 miles from Tokyo . The crash was the result of a poorly executed repair made several years earlier . "  The repair covered a crack in the bulkhead , but many hundreds of flights later , it corroded , and the air pressure bulkhead just burst open , " recalled Seymour . Boeing responded by monitoring its repairs more closely . "  After that , the types of repairs allowed on an aircraft skin were much more rigorously controlled , " Seymour said . 7 . Retrieving data Both the Air France 447 crash and the more recent incident involving Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have spotlighted the need for better access to data . "  There were several recommendations stemming from AF447 , mainly centered around the flight data recorders and , more specifically , on ensuring the ability to locate them more easily and quickly , " said Ilias Maragakis , communications officer for the European Aviation Safety Agency . In the aftermath of the Air France incident , the agency published a notice of a proposed amendment to retire older recording technologies and recommended that cockpit voice recorders have a minimum recording duration of two hours . Unfortunately , it may be a while before the necessary changes are implemented . "  Changes to regulations do take time . It 's taken almost two decades for aircraft to be manufactured and older aircraft to be modified to have a system that means an empty fuel tank ca n't explode on an aircraft , " Seymour pointed out .	After disaster , new tech and performance regulations prevent the same thing recurring The FAA was formed as a result of a collision between two planes in 1956 After Air France Flight 447 crashed , many airlines changed how pilots are trained
CNN  -- The first book I read by myself was Else Holmelund Minarik 's "  Little Bear . " The illustrations were by Maurice Sendak . I was in my first grade classroom at Clermont Elementary in Clermont , Florida . I was sitting in an orange plastic chair . I was holding "  Little Bear . " I was studying the third story in the book , which is titled "  Little Bear Goes To The Moon , " and I was staring at a picture of Little Bear , home-made space helmet atop his head , floating toward the moon . The words below the illustration said , "  I 'm going to fly to the moon . " And somehow , suddenly , I was reading this sentence . And then I was reading the one below it , which said , " ` Fly ! ' said Mother Bear . ` You ca n't fly . ' " A current of electricity shot through me . My feet tingled . My shoulders itched . I was reading ! I was reading a book on my own ! Those first words that I read by myself are intimately and forever bound to the art that appeared above them . It was as if the art were the doorway and it ushered me toward the words waiting on the other side . I entered the text through the art . It was one of the most powerful moments of my life . Sendak sparked ` wild ' creativity in young readers When I heard Maurice Sendak had died , I pulled my copy of "  Little Bear " off the shelf and I turned to the third story in the book and I looked at that picture of Little Bear in his makeshift helmet headed to the moon and I felt again a zap of electricity . I flipped through the pages and came to a picture of Little Bear floating above a village . These words appear below the illustration : "  Little Bear thought . I will jump from a good high spot , far up into the sky , and fly up , up , up . " And that is when I started to cry . I did n't know Maurice Sendak . I met him once , briefly . But I feel a terrible loneliness when I think about him not being in the world . His work has been that "  good high spot " from which to jump . It was the good high spot when I was 7 . And it is the good high spot , now , some 40 years later . Maurice Sendak 's art was my portal to reading , to storytelling , to magic , to the world . I look at that picture of Little Bear floating above the village and all I can think is , "  Wait , do n't go . I wanted to tell you a story . "	Maurice Sendak , who died yesterday at age 83 , illustrated almost 100 books Children 's author Kate DiCamillo learned to read using Sendak 's illustrations as a guide Kate DiCamillo is a Newbery Medal winner and the author of "  Because of Winn-Dixie "
Santiago de Compostela , Spain  CNN  -- Somber organ music filled a cathedral in northwestern Spain Monday at a memorial Mass for the 79 passengers who perished in last week 's train crash . Santiago de Compostela Archbishop Julian Barrio offered prayers for victims and their families , and praised neighbors who lived near the tracks for rushing to help those in need . On a day last week when residents were preparing for a large regional celebration , he said , "  news of the rail accident overwhelmed our souls . " "  Our brothers lost their lives ... when they had so many plans . It is not easy to understand and accept this reality , " he said , "  but I say to you , let our pain not be wasted . Everything has meaning in our lives . We are not shouting in a vacuum . Our faith tells us that our pain and suffering , joined with that of Christ and the cross , carries us to salvation . " Along with relatives of some of the victims , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and members of Spain 's royal family were among those who attended Monday 's Mass. . Passengers in last week 's crash came from near and far -- Europe , Latin America , the United States -- and had almost reached their destination of Ferrol on the northwestern coast when the train careened around a curve and derailed , hurling carriages into a concrete bridge support structure . Five days have passed since the disaster , but many questions remain : What caused the train to derail ? Was the train going too fast ? And what did the conductor do in the moments before the crash ? The driver The driver of the train , Francisco Jose Garzon , was charged Sunday with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness and an undetermined number of counts of causing injury by professional recklessness . A court granted Garzon conditional release , but his license to operate a train has been suspended for six months . He also surrendered his passport and must report to court weekly . Many have questioned how fast the train was traveling when its wheels left the track near Santiago de Compostela on Wednesday evening . Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz told reporters Saturday there are "  rational indications " that the crash was the fault of the driver . But pressed on what those are , he declined to provide details . Police now have the data recorders from the train . A somber task Over the weekend , relatives of victims embarked on the grim but necessary task of picking up the luggage left behind . A solemn parade of mourners wheeled bags away from the police station in Santiago de Compostela . The suitcases had been recovered from the wreckage scene , their owners either dead or badly injured . About 70 people injured in the crash remained hospitalized Sunday , including 22 in serious condition , a representative for the regional health department said . Identifying the bodies Forensic police say all 79 bodies have been identified . The dead include at least 63 from Spain , said Maria Pardo Rios , spokeswoman for the Galicia regional supreme court . Some of the other victims came from the United States , Latin America and Europe . Myrta Fariza was one of the two Americans killed . She and her husband were on their way to a Catholic festival ; he was injured and later released from the hospital . "  Myrta was our loving wife , mother , sister , mother-in-law , aunt and friend , and words can not express our sense of loss , " her family said in a statement . "  To all who knew her , Myrta provided irreplaceable love , compassion , courage , friendship and support . We will miss her dearly . " The other American was Ana-Maria Cordoba of Arlington , Virginia . Forensic experts said Saturday there are 37 body parts that must still be tested to see whether they belong to bodies that have already been identified , or to others not yet known . Going too fast ? The driver of the train has said it was traveling about 190 kilometers per hour  120 mph  , the Spanish news agency Efe and the national daily El Pais reported , citing sources within the investigation But a spokeswoman for the national railway Renfe did not disclose the speed the train was traveling on an express track , where cars can go as fast as 250 kph . But she said the speed limit for the bend of track where the crash occurred is 80 kph . Rafael Catala , secretary of state for transport and housing , told Spanish radio network Cadena SER that the "  tragedy appears to be linked to the train going too fast " -- but that the reasons it was going so fast are not yet known . The express passenger service was nearing the end of a six-hour trip from Madrid to the town of Ferrol , on the Atlantic coast , when the crash occurred , the state railway said . Firefighter Miguel Angel Bello said the first four minutes after he arrived on the scene were a desperate race against time . He and fellow firefighters smashed windows and kicked in doors to pull out the passengers trapped inside as rail cars went up in flames . A young girl in the wreckage called out to him . "  She was under wreckage she said she wanted to get out and go home , " he said . "  But she died . " ` It felt like a roller coaster ' Elder Stephen Ward of Utah was headed to the coastal Spanish town , ready to start a two-year Mormon religious mission . The last thing he remembers from the train was flying sideways out of his seat . "  We had been going around some pretty sharp turns . We finally came to one more sharp turn , and the train , like , completely lifted up , " he said . "  It was leaning sideways . It felt like a roller coaster . " Ward , 18 , blacked out when his car slammed on to its side , regaining consciousness only as he was being helped out of the train . "  I 've got staples all over my scalp , I was covered in blood , " he said . "  They 've scrubbed most of it off me now , but everyone was just covered in their own blood and occasionally the blood of others . It was gruesome to say the least . " Ward was discharged from the hospital Thursday , wearing a neck brace because of a cracked vertebra he suffered in the crash . Lacerations on his face are stapled shut , and there 's a huge bruise on his leg . Once he recovers , he plans to return to his missionary service . CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Santiago de Compostela and Holly Yan from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Catherine E. Shoichet , Mariano Castillo , Laura Smith-Spark , Al Goodman , Bob Hand and Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	NEW : A memorial Mass at Santiago de Compostela 's cathedral honors the 79 killed An archbishop offers prayers and praises those who rushed to aid victims Driver Garzon is charged with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness They were killed after the train derailed Wednesday near the northwestern Spanish town
CNN  -- One brief window of opportunity when all the elements align themselves . The light , the look - it all comes together . Point and click : Richard takes a lesson from Magnum photographer Raghu Rai in Delhi . And then -- the click . A fleeting magical moment come and gone , then lost forever . But preserved in one picture . This month Richard Quest goes in search of the perfect photo . "  Get me Demarchelier ! " One of the orders barked by the infamous editor in "  The Devil wears Prada . " Patrick Demarchelier was indeed worth that special mention in the film . Richard visits this uber fashion and portrait photographer . In New York Demarchelier teaches Richard the techniques involved in composing the perfect picture . The great Henri Cartier Bresson once said : "  Photography is the simultaneous recognition , in a fraction of a second , of the significance of an event . " Magnum Photos bequeathed us with a living record of our history . From the Normandy Landings to Tienanmen Square , Magnum 's members have captured some of the most iconic images of the photographic age . To find out more about Magnum photos please click here . Richard finds out what it takes to join this elite brotherhood . In New York , he visits Steve McCurry , the man behind National Geographic 's "  Afghan Girl . " Then it 's off to Delhi to meet the legendary Raghu Rai Whatever you do do n't photograph wildlife and babies ! Richard is off to find out why getting that perfect shot can often be next to impossible . Try getting either to stand still ! Quest learns from the masters in both of these -- the acclaimed baby photographer Anne Geddes and , in San Francisco , award-winning wildlife photographer Frans Lanting . You just have to look at our news stands to see what a celebrity-obsessed culture we live in . Every few months a new gossip magazine emerges promising even better and more compromising pictures of celebrities at their best , at their worst , showing us what they 're doing and what they definitely should not be doing . We are the voyeurs , and we just ca n't get enough of them . The paparazzi have spawned this celebrity culture showing celebrities as anything but perfect . In London Darren Lyons , snapper turned celebrity himself , tells us how his business really works . But while we all love to curl up with a good gossip magazine , most of these photos will never be remembered . But there are photos that will endure , like those taken at our weddings . The wedding photographer is one of the honest jobs in the business . We visit a wedding in L.A. and capture a couple 's special moments . Finally , Quest is back with Frans Lanting in San Francisco . And this time he is the one taking the photographs . They go to the Ano Nuevo state reserve to photograph a colony of elephant seals . To view more of Frans Lanting 's work please click here . Richard shows us his metal as he snaps away . But then it 's back to the studio to see if his photographs will indeed seal the deal . E-mail to a friend	Richard Quest goes in search of the perfect photo He meets Patrick Demarchelier , Steve McCurry , Frans Lanting and Anne Geddes Quest puts his new skills to the test by photographing a colony of elephant seals
Washington  CNN  -- Four former officials of the now-closed Peanut Corporation of America were indicted Thursday on charges related to salmonella-tainted peanuts and peanut products , the Justice Department said . A 2009 salmonella outbreak that prompted a massive recall of peanut goods led to nine deaths and more than 700 illnesses in more than 40 states , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The 76-count indictment , unsealed in Georgia , alleged mail and wire fraud , the introduction of adulterated and misbranded food into interstate commerce with the intent to defraud or mislead , and conspiracy . A plant in Blakely , Georgia , roasted and processed raw peanuts . Its peanut paste was sold to customers nationwide and used in crackers , cookies , and other items . The Food and Drug Administration  FDA  said the company shipped tainted product it knew had tested positive for bacteria linked to the salmonella outbreak . U.S. Attorney Michael Moore of Macon said the accused are expected to appear in court in Albany next week . The defendants were identified as Stewart Parnell , 58 , of Lynchburg , Virginia ; Michael Parnell , 54 , of Midlothian , Virginia ; Samuel Lightsey , 48 , of Blakely ; and Mary Wilkerson , 39 , of Edison , Georgia . Three of the four were also charged with obstruction of justice , Justice Department officials said . Authorities said Daniel Kilgore , 44 , of Blakely pleaded guilty to similar counts this week . Food recalls are common , but criminal indictments around them are not . Charges in this case appear to have been prompted , in part , by the defendants ' alleged knowledge of the salmonella-tainted product shipment and an alleged cover-up . Those charged could face stiff jail terms , if convicted .	Indictment charges four former officials of Peanut Corporation of America NEW : FDA said plant shipped tainted peanut paste that wound up in crackers , other foods NEW : Salmonella outbreak in 2009 blamed for nine deaths , hundreds of illnesses NEW : Food recalls are common , but criminal charges around them are rare
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's prime minister on Tuesday defended the mission in Afghanistan as "  vital " to protecting his country from terrorists , following the death of the 100th British serviceman in Afghanistan this year . The soldier , from the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment , was killed Monday by small arms fire in the Nad-e Ali area of Afghanistan 's southern Helmand province , Britain 's Ministry of Defence said . His name was not released , but the soldier 's next of kin were informed , the ministry said . The soldier was the 100th member of the British armed forces to die in Afghanistan this year , the ministry said . Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since the start of fighting in 2001 . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown emphasized the "  real impact " of the Afghan mission as he offered his condolences to the soldier 's family . "  Our military presence in Afghanistan means that al Qaeda can not use the country as a base from which to plot terrorist attacks against Britain , " Brown said in a statement Monday . "  And the work of our armed forces in the next stage of the campaign , the training and partnering of the Afghan security forces to do this job for themselves , along with the political and civilian development of the country , will be vital in ensuring the British people are safer for generations to come . " British Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth also defended the importance of the mission to security at home . "  I believe we must keep at the forefront of our minds why our people are in Afghanistan , " Ainsworth said in a statement . "  Our presence in Afghanistan is vital in preventing it from once again becoming a haven for terrorists who would seek to threaten the UK . " Ainsworth said "  taking the fight to the insurgents " -- along with providing security and training Afghan security forces -- will help Afghanistan become stable and independent . The death came a week after Brown announced that the UK would send an extra 500 troops to Afghanistan in early December , bringing the British contingent there to more than 9,500 . Brown regularly links British security to events in Afghanistan and Pakistan , saying attacks on London and other British targets have been planned in South Asia . He announced in October the decision in principle to boost force levels but said certain conditions -- including proper equipment for the British troops and more troop commitments from other countries -- had to be met first . The UK has the largest contingent in Afghanistan after the United States . The figure of 9,500 does not include special forces , said Brown , who declined to say exactly how many of those were there , but indicated it is more than 500 .	Britain 's prime minister and defense secretary defend mission in Afghanistan as "  vital " Their defense follows death of 100th British serviceman in Afghanistan this year Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since start of fighting in 2001 UK has largest contingent of troops in Afghanistan after United States
CNN  Buzz has surrounded HBO 's new documentary "  Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief , " but Scientologist John Travolta is not a fan . Travolta told the Tampa Bay Times that he has not seen the documentary , "  and I do n't really care to . " "  I 've been so happy with my  Scientology  experience in the last 40 years that I really do n't have anything to say that would shed light on  a documentary  so decidedly negative , " Travolta said . The actor , one of the Church of Scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like Tom Cruise and Kirstie Alley , is premiering his new film , "  The Forger , " in Clearwater , Florida . The HBO documentary is based on the book "  Going Clear : Scientology , Hollywood , and the Prison of Belief " by Lawrence Wright and is critical of the organization , which has close ties to the showbiz industry . Travolta said he believed the doc was a result of "  people who were disgruntled with their experiences " with the Church of Scientology , which he touted as a positive experience for him . "  I have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has  claimed  , so why would I communicate something that was n't true for me ? " Travolta asked . "  It would n't make sense , nor would it for Tom  Cruise  , I imagine . " He called Scientology "  brilliant " and credited the church with helping him to survive the death of his teen son , Jett , after a seizure while the family was on vacation in the Bahamas in 2009 . "  Oh , my God , I would n't have made it , " said Travolta , whose wife , Kelly Preston , is also a member . "  Honestly . "	The actor says he 's not planning on seeing the buzzed-about documentary He called Scientology "  brilliant " Travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son 's death
CNN  -- It 's a good bet that right now , someone somewhere in Washington has come up with a plan to decapitate the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  by assassinating its boss , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , and moving down through his lieutenants . Argued in hushed tones over a polished conference table , I have no doubt this sounds like a no-lose proposition  and certainly a better alternative to invading Iraq and Syria  . But if ISIS is in essence al Qaeda 2.0 , then it is hard not to see the assassination of Osama bin Laden as having had very mixed results -- and as holding some important lessons for U.S. policy makers . The fact is that assassinations are , at best , tricky -- the cure can be worse than the disease . And a cure is almost certain to fail when you have absolutely no idea what the disease is that you 're treating . It may comfort us to dismiss ISIS as a group of bloodthirsty terrorists doomed to collapse under their own psychosis and violence . But while ISIS does of course employ terror as a tactic , getting hung up on the word "  terror " causes us to miss a more critical truth : that ISIS is a straight-line manifestation of an aggrieved religious sect -- orthodox Sunni Islam . And it 's becoming more apparent by the day that a lot of Sunni Muslims believe they 're on the losing end of history , and that if they do n't hit back , things will get a lot worse . Indeed , Sunnis , despite making up the large majority of Muslims globally , have n't fared well in recent times . The 2003 invasion of Iraq dispossessed the Sunnis in that country of both their power and wealth . Insult was added to injury when the United States handed power over to a sectarian Shia government bent on revenge against the Sunnis . We can go on all we like about democracy and the rule of law , but the way the Sunnis view it is that we wantonly empowered their Shia rivals . Sunnis are n't doing much better anywhere else . The minority Alawite regime in Syria -- the Alawites are a Shia offshoot -- continues to slaughter large numbers of Sunnis . Another Shia offshoot sect in Yemen recently took over Sana , the capital . And for the last decade , the American drone campaign over Pakistan 's tribal belt has never let up , "  breaking the back " of al Qaeda and the Taliban.We may dismiss them as terrorists , but for a small but growing number of Sunnis they 're the closest thing they have to a resistance group . Even in solidly Sunni Egypt , the military is doing its best to crush the Muslim Brotherhood , the beating heart of political Sunni Islam . An international aid worker who 's negotiated with ISIS on hostage releases recently told me that militant Muslims look at their predicament in the starkest of existential terms , namely that that the United States is out to destroy Islam . They 're convinced the U.S. deliberately caused the death of 300,000 Muslims in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and in retaliation for 9/11 , and that it wo n't stop until the Sunnis start to fight back . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS There is of course no American conspiracy against Sunni Islam . But the point is that ISIS is rooted in an embattled religious sect that 's had enough . Call it a Sunni intifadah , if you like -- a lashing out in frustration and fear . The fury of the impotent . But , unlike the Palestinian intifada against Israeli authority , this one promises to be more enduring and disruptive , if for no other reason than a resurgent Sunni Islam is bound to run headlong into Shia Islam , and along with it the real possibility of a hundred-years war . While most Sunnis may want nothing to do with ISIS 's apocalyptic jihad , coexisting with the Shia is less and less appealing to them . A year ago , when ISIS started to move across the border from Syria into Iraq , I took the pulse of a couple Sunni Iraqi tribal sheiks and officers from Saddam Hussein 's army , asking them why they did n't drive them back into Syria . After all , they have the arms and people to do it . Did they really want to live side by side with frenzied jihadists and risk Baghdad strafing them with American-supplied Cobra helicopters ? Who is the ISIS ? Their uniform response was that they would ally with anyone , including the madmen of ISIS , to drive the Shia government of Baghdad out of Sunni areas . They added that secession from Shia Baghdad was all but inevitable . Some said that if history favored them , they would unite with the Sunnis of Syria to form a single nation . As for ISIS and the jihadists , they would turn on them when the time came . Letting the jihadists serve as your spearhead may sound risky to us , but what it tell us is that the divide between Iraq 's Sunnis and Shia is truly unbridgeable . To be sure , we 're capable of militarily destroying ISIS and eliminating its leadership . But Sunni grievances will remain -- and there will always be another Sunni strongman to take up the cudgel . Which brings me to this : the 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement gave the world the Middle East 's modern borders . Drawn up in secret by French and British colonial administrators , those borders had -- and still have -- nothing to do with cultural and ethnic realities . This begs the question of whether it is really in our interests to defend artificial borders by waging endless war and campaigns of political murder . The fact is that we are likely living what amount to the final agonies of the Ottoman Empire . If that 's the case , drone assassinations and targeted killings will get us absolutely nowhere .	Political assassinations are at best tricky , writes Robert Baer Some Sunnis may see ISIS as resistance group , not terrorists : Baer Middle East borders have nothing to do with cultural and ethnic reality , he says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  It might be the most bizarre of the closely guarded secrets from last week 's historic agreement between the United States and Cuba : How did the leader of a Cuban spy ring serving life in a California federal prison manage to impregnate his wife 2,245 miles away in Havana ? As part of the most significant diplomatic breakthrough between the United States and Cuba in more than 50 years , a prisoner swap was made . To uphold its part of the bargain , the U.S. released three Cuban spies , including Gerardo Hernandez , the head of the spy ring known as the Wasp Network . Hernandez had an ear-to-ear smile Wednesday as he arrived at Havana 's Jose Marti International Airport . State TV showed Hernandez as he was greeted by President Raul Castro and then embraced and kissed his wife , Adriana Perez . Cubans watching the nonstop coverage of the prisoner swap were shocked when the cameras zeroed in on Hernandez hugging Perez . She was obviously in the late stages of a pregnancy that had no easy explanation . Not only had Hernandez been serving a double life sentence , but his wife also worked for Cuba 's intelligence services and was banned by U.S. officials from visiting her husband in prison , according to the Cuban government . Rumors swirl in sultry Havana The subject became the immediate hot topic in Havana where rumors swirled fast about the baby 's paternity and whether the Cuban government could have somehow arranged a clandestine conjugal visit under the nose of U.S. authorities . The couple appeared at another event on Saturday , where together with the other freed spies , Castro and the communist island 's top political and military officials showered them with applause . A beaming Hernandez stood by Perez , whose round stomach was clearly visible for viewers of the live broadcast As the couple left the celebration , Hernandez hinted at the secret surrounding the pregnancy . "  Everyone 's asking , and we have had a lot of fun with the comments and speculations . The reality is it had to be kept quiet , " Hernandez told the government-run television channel . "  We ca n't give a lot of details , because we do n't want to hurt people who meant well . " He said his wife 's pregnancy was a direct result of the high-level talks . "  One of the first things accomplished by this process was this , " Hernandez said , gesturing to his Perez 's stomach . "  I had to do it by ` remote control , ' but everything turned out well . " Two sources involved with the diplomatic talks , when questioned by CNN , uncloaked the mystery : During the negotiations , Hernandez 's sperm was collected and sent to Cuba , where Perez was artificially inseminated . The U.S. Justice Department confirmed the story , without going into the details . "  We can confirm the United States facilitated Mrs. Hernandez 's request to have a baby with her husband , " spokesman Brian Fallon said . What the U.S. would gain Why would the U.S. government do this ? The artificial insemination was made possible in exchange for better conditions for Alan Gross , a U.S. contractor imprisoned in Cuba . Gross was released last week as part of the prisoner swap . "  In light of Mr. Hernandez 's two life sentences , " Fallon said , "  the request was passed along by Senator -LSB- Patrick -RSB- Leahy , who was seeking to improve the conditions for Mr. Gross while he was imprisoned in Cuba . " The discretion on both sides makes sense . For 18 months , officials from both countries refused to admit that they were even holding high-level talks . Officials communicated via back channels , knowing that any leak about the talks could doom the talks . Impregnating Perez involved cutting through bureaucratic red tape at multiple U.S. government agencies . As Perez began to show , officials from both countries fretted over how they would explain her pregnancy and what to do if the baby arrived before the talks succeeded . 2001 conviction Hernandez was convicted in 2001 of conspiracy to commit murder for his role in the Brothers to the Rescue shoot down that left four Cuban-Americans dead after Cuban Air Force MIGs blew up the two civilian planes as they flew toward Havana to distribute anti-government leaflets . He received two life sentences . Cuban authorities said Hernandez and the other operatives were trying to prevent terrorist attacks from being carried out on their homeland by violent Miami exiles . That the U.S. government helped a man convicted of plotting the murder of four Cuban-Americans and spying on the exile community in Miami will likely further rankle many of the same Cuban-Americans who were already furious that Washington is restoring diplomatic relations with Havana . But Tim Reiser , an aide to Leahy who worked to broker the landmark agreement with Cuba , said helping Hernandez conceive a child led to better treatment for Gross by Cuban authorities and was an important concession to help reach a historic deal . "  The expectation was that this man would die in prison . This was her only chance of having a child , " Rieser told CNN . Gerardo Hernandez said he and his wife are expecting their baby daughter to arrive in two weeks and they will name her Gema . Patrick Oppman reported and wrote from Havana , Cuba . Evan Perez reported from Washington .	Gerardo Hernandez was the head of the spy ring known as the Wasp Network Since 2001 , he was being held in a U.S. prison ; he was released in a prisoner swap Havana has been abuzz since his wife in Cuba showed up pregnant during news coverage
CNN  -- A Portuguese appeals court has ruled against extraditing fugitive American hijacking suspect George Wright to the United States , his attorney said Thursday . "  I am very , very happy , " said Manuel Luis Ferreira , attorney for Wright , 68 , who was found in Portugal in September after more than 40 years in hiding . Wright said he was grateful to the Portuguese justice system . "  They made the right decision and this is correct , " he told CNN affiliate RTP Portugal . Wright 's house arrest was also lifted , and he is free to move around with no restrictions , Ferreira said . A three-judge appeals court in Lisbon agreed with all Wright 's arguments to reject the U.S. bid for extradition , including the fact he is now a Portuguese citizen and is in declining health . They also agreed the statute of limitations on the case has expired , according to Portuguese state-run news agency LUSA . The United States can appeal to Portugal 's Supreme Court , Ferreira said . He said he could not release the court 's ruling as it is secret . The U.S. State Department said it was "  extremely disappointed " in the ruling . "  George Wright is a convicted murderer guilty of an extremely serious crime which falls squarely within the terms of our bilateral extradition treaty with Portugal , " the department said in a statement . "  He is a fugitive from justice . We expect Portugal to abide by its treaty obligations in this case . In conjunction with the Department of Justice , we will review the court 's decision and consult with Portuguese authorities to determine a path forward that results in Mr. Wright 's return to the United States . " Wright escaped from prison in 1970 while serving a 15 - to 30-year sentence for murder after he and another man shot and killed a World War II veteran in a 1962 gas station robbery in Farmingdale , New Jersey . On July 31 , 1972 , Wright and four other members of the Black Liberation Army went to the Detroit airport and boarded Delta Flight 841 for Miami . Wright was dressed as a priest and carrying a hollowed-out Bible . The group then allegedly hijacked the plane . Once it landed in Miami , they allegedly demanded that FBI agents dressed only in bathing suits deliver $ 1 million in ransom to the plane -- a way of making sure they were not armed . The FBI followed instructions , and the scantily clad agents delivered the money . After allowing the 88 passengers off , the hijackers kept the flight crew on board and ordered the plane to fly to Boston . When it arrived , an extra navigator -- dressed in swim trunks and a shirt -- was brought on board , the DC-8 was refueled , and it flew to Algiers , Algeria . The Algerian government seized the ransom money and returned it to the United States , but Wright and his associates vanished . Some were arrested in Paris in 1976 . It 's not clear how he wound up in Portugal . U.S. authorities were able to locate Wright near Lisbon by tracking his travel patterns , ending a manhunt spanning three continents . When seeking Wright , authorities matched a fingerprint in a Portuguese national identification database with one that they had on file for Wright from his time in prison , according to two U.S. law enforcement officials . Then they set up a delicate surveillance operation to make sure they had the man who had eluded them for so long , the officials added . Ferreira previously said his client was suffering from heart and blood pressure problems . "  He thinks that if he goes to the U.S. he will die , " he told CNN earlier . "  He was a member of the Black Panthers group , and he fears that he will be made to serve as an example for everyone if he goes , and that he will die in prison . " He said Wright was a married father of two adult sons who goes by the name Jose Luis Jorge dos Santos in Portugal .	NEW : U.S. expresses disappointment with the decision A three-judge panel says George Wright should not be extradited Wright 's house arrest was also lifted , his attorney says Wright is accused of hijacking a plane in 1972 in Miami
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- There 's no doubt that Iran 's election will be a major test for incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . But many Iranian women hope the results will also shake the current status of women in the Islamic republic . Zahra Rahnavard , wife of Iranian candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , has taken a visible role in the campaign . "  Thirty-four million women demand to have female Cabinet ministers ; 34 million women demand to be eligible to run for president , " Zahra Rahnavard , wife of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  Thirty-four million women want the civil law to be revised ; 34 million women want the family law revised . " Whether her husband wins or loses Friday , Rahnavard has broken barriers for women just by appearing on the campaign trail with her husband , a rarity for political wives in Iran . "  We look at her , and we say , ` We want to be like her in the future , ' " said Shakiba Shakerhosseie , an Iranian woman who packed into Tehran 's indoor Azadi  Freedom  sports stadium along with nearly 12,000 others to hear Rahnavard speak in March . Rahnavard is a mother of three , as well as an accomplished artist and academic . She has been compared to first ladies in the United States , including Michelle Obama , for her visible role in her husband 's quest for the presidency . "  I am here to say that men and women are equal , " Rahnavard said . Iran became an Islamic republic in 1979 after the ruling monarchy was overthrown and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was forced into exile . The revolution also ended the ceremonial role of first lady that the last queen , Farah , enjoyed . More women than men have voted in the past few elections , and Rahnavard has made a promise to her female supporters that their vote will count this time if Moussavi wins . "  We have made this promise to the women , and we will stand by it , " she said . Iranian women remain second-class citizens in criminal matters , divorce , child custody and inheritance cases , despite making up 65 percent of university students . Ahmadinejad 's fundamentalist government has tried to make it easier for men to take more than one wife while restricting public sector careers for women . This year , for the first time , the Guardian Council announced that a woman could legally be among the final candidate list . Out of the 42 women who registered , however , none was ultimately allowed to stand . Even Zahra Eshraghi , granddaughter of revolutionary leader Ayatollah Khomeini , was banned from running for parliament as a reformist . "  For Ahmadinejad 's government , women are just living things , " Eshraghi said . "  A woman is there to fill her husband 's stomach and raise children . " Watch one analyst talk about women in Ahmadinejad 's Iran " Moussavi is not the only candidate calling for a stronger role for women in Iran . Mehdi Karroubi , the only cleric in the presidential race , has promised to campaign for women 's rights . Hard-line conservative candidate Mohsen Rezaie also said he would have female ministers if he wins the election . Political science professor Mohammad Marandi downplayed Rahnavard 's impact on the outcome of Friday 's election . He said she may win over reformists and women , but what will win the election is a solution to the floundering economy and a strong performance in the debates . iReport.com : Iranians rally in large numbers "  If Ahmadinejad does well in the debates , I do n't think anyone will be able to defeat him , " Marandi said . But try selling that to Rahnavard 's enthusiastic supporters . "  This is the first time after the revolution we see a lady behind the president , " Farhad Mahmoudi said . "  And this is why we 're so happy , because we can have a first lady . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report	Candidate 's wife has broken barriers by appearing on campaign trail She vows that women 's vote will count if her husband wins Most Iranian university students are women , but they are second-class citizens Cleric running for president has also promised to boost women 's rights
CNN  -- I started to see influenza-like illnesses starting roughly around mid-December , and within a week knew that 2013 was going to be a bad year . In my 12 years of practice in Chicago , this flu season definitely ranks as one of the worst I 've seen . However , I also see no reason to be alarmed that we have a public health threat . What we are dealing with is a well-known virus . This outbreak is worse than average due to , more than anything , poor timing . There are three main factors to consider in evaluating the intense flu activity across the country . One is the virus itself . Both the medical community and the general public alike worry someday we will encounter a "  superbug . " We fear a virus that is extremely potent at causing disease , replicating , resisting our treatment and killing the host . Though the predominant strain this year may be slightly more potent than average based on the number of cases we are seeing , there is no indication that this virus is markedly different from what we 've seen in other years . Opinion : Next time , get vaccinated earlier The percentage of influenza-related deaths is not higher than in previous outbreaks . The CDC also has found no viral strains this season that are resistant to neuraminidase inhibitors , the drugs that we use to treat patients once they develop the flu . So , we need not worry too much about the virus . The second factor to consider is the effectiveness of the flu shot . This year 's flu vaccine is well matched to the strains of flu that have been circulating . According to the CDC , more than 90 % of the identified viral types are covered by the current vaccine . In other words , we can not blame an ineffective vaccine for the bad outbreak . Finally , we need to look at environmental factors . The unusually warm weather this winter should not be contributing to the severity of the outbreak . Why ? Because last year , it was also unusually warm , and at the time we hypothesized the weather was partly responsible for a milder than normal flu season . Clearly , warm weather ca n't both enhance and suppress the spread of influenza . Instead , we must focus on what 's different from previous years . Unlike last year , when the flu showed up late , this flu season came early . Most importantly , the peak incidence of illness happened to coincide almost exactly with the onset of the holiday season , which is critical to take into account . If someone were trying to develop a way to disseminate an illness , he would first devise a way to weaken the population 's immune system , and then bring people together to spread the disease . In essence , that is what the holiday season does . Opinion : America flunks its health exam Because of holiday preparations and parties , people tolerate less sleep . Stress around the holidays generally goes up . Combine those with poor eating habits and overindulgences that are typical in festive times , and the immune system gets weakened . Once a person contracts the flu virus , he or she is contagious approximately 12 to 24 hours before the peak onset of symptoms , and is often contagious up to 24 hours after resolution of fever . During this very social time of year , many of these sick people are either tolerating their symptoms to join big groups of friends or family , or coming together honestly unaware that they are contagious . As a result , we have the perfect storm for the spread of influenza . In sum , our flu season this year is simply a product of poor timing . Health : Your top flu questions answered The peak onset of the flu just happened to coincide with a period when we have weakened our immune system and congregated in large gatherings to , among other things , disseminate disease . There is no supervirus . The flu strains have been well anticipated and carry no resistance to our treatment . We have no reason to panic . I recommend that everyone de-stress from the holiday stresses , wash their hands , eat healthy , exercise and get plenty of sleep . Stay home if you are sick . And in good time , this too shall pass . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Zich .	David Zich : This flu season definitely ranks as one of the worst I 've seen Zich : This outbreak is worse than average due to , more than anything , poor timing He says the holiday period was the perfect storm for the spread of influenza Zich : The peak onset of the flu coincided with a time when our immunity was down
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In some cities around the world there 's no such thing as a cheap date . According to Deutsche Bank 's newly updated "  Cheap Date Index , " the cost of a simple date -- that is , McDonalds burgers , soft drinks , a movie , a few beers and a cab ride -- varies tremendously depending on where you live . The most expensive is London , where a basic night out could cost you $ 121 . At the other end of the scale is the Indian city of Mumbai , where the same night out would run to just $ 23 . With the exception of Tokyo , Asian cities tended to be cheaper , whereas European cities were more expensive places for wooing your partner . Sanjeev Sanyal , a Deutsche Bank strategist , told CNBC the Cheap Date Index is "  a proxy for the cost of living without taking real estate costs directly in there . " The Cheap Date Index has been calculated since 2012 . This year 's date may have gotten a little less romantic , though : Last year 's index included the price of a bouquet of roses . .	Deutsche Bank 's new "  Cheap Date Index " assesses cost of a simple date Most expensive is London , where a basic night out could cost you $ 121 The Cheap Date Index has been calculated since 2012
CNN  -- Forty years after rising to the top of the boxing world and outdueling Muhammad Ali , Ken Norton lost his final fight -- a battle following a stroke -- at a Nevada medical facility , a friend said . He was 70 years old when he died Wednesday at a Veterans Affairs ' medical facility in Henderson , Nevada , according to Gene Kilroy , who had managed Ali and more recently visited Norton as he recovered from a stroke . While some younger people may know him best as the father of former Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers linebacker Ken Norton Jr. , the elder Norton was one of the most prominent figures in all of sports during the 1970s -- in large part because of his consistently great bouts with Ali . Their first showdown , in 1973 , ended with Norton earning a split-decision victory -- and breaking Ali 's jaw in the process . But Ali got his revenge six months later , winning their rematch in another split decision . When Ken Norton broke Ali 's jaw The two fighters faced off one more time in 1976 at New York 's Yankee Stadium , with Ali again taking the win in what Norton 's website calls "  a highly disputed split decision . " Well before he became Ali 's archrival , Kenneth Howard Norton established himself as a standout athlete . Raised in small central Illinois city of Jacksonville , Norton earned a football , basketball and track scholarship to Northeast Missouri State College . Norton did n't begin boxing until being introduced to the sport while serving in the Marines Corps between 1963 and 1967 . There , he soon flashed his talent in the ring en route to becoming a three-time All-Marine Heavyweight Champion , according to the Marine Corps Sports Hall of Fame , which inducted Norton into its 2004 class . He also earned a North Carolina Golden Gloves , International AAU and Pan American titles while still in the service . The year he left , in 1967 , Norton went pro . It took him six more years to get a shot at a championship against Ali , and he won . While he lost that title back to Ali later the same year , a first-round knockout of Duane Bobick earned Norton the honor of being champ again in 1977 . That same year , the Boxing Writers Association of America named Norton its Fighter of the Year . Still , that championship also proved short-lived after Norton lost a grueling 15-round fight to Larry Holmes . He retired from boxing in 1981 after amassing a professional record of 42 wins  including 33 knockouts  , seven losses and one draw . The International Boxing Hall of Fame inducted Norton in 1992 , hailing him as "  a fixture in the heavyweight ranks during a time that many consider the finest era of the division . " His profile on the hall 's websites notes Norton "  possessed an awkward and powerful style and always entered the ring in great condition . " One of the other elite fighters of the era , George Foreman , said upon news of Norton 's death that Norton deserved his spot in the upper echelon of the sport . "  They called us all handsome , " Foreman tweeted . "  Muhammad they called pretty . But The fairest of them all Ken Norton . " Yet he was more than a boxer . Starting with Dino De Laurentis ' film "  Mandingo , " Norton appeared in about 20 movies . He also fathered five children , including his namesake , now a linebackers coach with the NFL 's Seattle Seahawks . Norton also became close friends with Ali , whom he visited in the hospital the day after their first bout . According to Kilroy , Ali told Norton , "  You hit so hard . " His website also notes that Norton was once counted out before : in 1986 , when he refused to accept a doctor 's prognosis he would n't be able to walk or talk again after a serious accident . "  At first they thought I might die , and if I did n't die , I would n't be coherent , " he said later . "  Now I 'm talkin ' and walkin ' and I can even chew gum at the same time . " His more recent health crisis , a stroke , left him communicating by blinking his eyes , Kilroy recalled . Still , the former Ali manager said there was a lot of laughter in the room during Kilroy 's visit along with other legendary boxers Mike Tyson , Earnie Shavers and Thomas Hearns . "  Now that he 's gone , he has no pain , " Kilroy said . "  He 's sitting up there in the heavens right now talking with the other greats like Joe Louis . " Beyond touting Norton the boxer , Tyson on Wednesday remembered him first as "  a great man " who was "  always nice to me even when I was an amateur fighter . " "  He always treated me like I was somebody , " Tyson tweeted . "  Remarkable man . " People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Mike Tyson calls Norton a "  remarkable man " who was "  always nice " Norton took up boxing in the Marines , went on to win 2 professional titles Norton faced off in three epic fights with Muhammed Ali He also appeared in about 20 films and was the father of 5 children
The light bulb figuratively suspended above a human head has long been symbolic of the eureka moment that every inventor craves . But for German physicist Herald Haas , it 's the bulb itself that provides the inspiration for his bright idea . Haas and his team at the UK 's University of Edinburgh , are the brains behind a new patented technology that uses beams of flickering light to transmit digital information wirelessly , a process known as Visible Light Communication  VLC  . "  My big idea is to turn light bulbs into broadband communication devices ... so that they not only provide illumination , but an essential utility , " he says . Haas claims that data can be sent by adding a microchip to any humble LED bulb , making it blink on and off at a phenomenal speed , millions of times per second . It 's this capability that allows LEDs to transmit data in a rapid stream of binary code that , although invisible to the naked eye , can then be detected by a light-sensitive receiver . Read more : ` Teach young to be innovative ' "  It 's a bit like sending a Morse code signal with a torch , but at a much faster rate and using the alphabet that computers understand , " explains Haas . The implication is that wherever you have a light bulb -- and there are an estimated 14 billion of them worldwide -- you have the potential for a wireless Internet connection . In practice , it means that any street lamp could double up as a web hotspot . But VLC , or "  Li-Fi " as it has been nicknamed , does more than just increase Internet accessibility . The dominant technology used for wireless data transfer , Wi-Fi , is transmitted through radio wave signals . However , radio waves represent only a small fraction of the electromagnetic spectrum and so , as demand for wireless connectivity grows , the supply of available bandwidth diminishes . The problem is epitomized by the frustrating experience of sitting in an Internet coffee shop , helplessly watching on as more and more people connect their device to the network , causing your browser speed to wither to a snail 's pace . The same is true for 3G mobile networks , which rely on an increasingly congested system of around 1.4 million cellular radio masts worldwide . Meanwhile , the number of bytes we transmit through mobile devices is doubling every year , according to a report from networking equipment giant Cisco Systems . However , Haas claims his technology should be a big part of the solution . Test your knowledge of accidental inventions "  The visible light spectrum is 10,000 times larger than the radio frequency spectrum , " he explains . Less congestion means greater bandwidth and Haas says transmission rates using "  Li-Fi " could be as high as one gigabit a second -- meaning that downloads of high-definition films could take less time than sending a text . For Haas , the beauty of his technology is that -- unlike radio wave signals that are generated from large energy-intensive cell masts -- VLC requires almost no new infrastructure . "  We use what is already there , " he says . "  The visible light spectrum is unused , it 's not regulated , and we can communicate at very high speeds . " But the technology has its limitations . Thomas Kamalakis , a lecturer at the Department of Informatics and Telematics at the Harokopio University of Athens , commends Haas on his work but warns against overstating its potential just yet . Watch Make Create Innovate on Quest Means Business "  Of course one problem is that light ca n't pass through objects , so if the receiver is inadvertently blocked in any way , then the signal will immediately cut out , " Kamalakis says . Mark Leeson , associate professor at Warwick University 's School of Engineering also foresees challenges . "  The question is how will my mobile phone communicate back with the light source ? " Leeson asks . Both are valid issues , Haas says , but he has a simple workaround . "  If the light signal is blocked , or when you need to use your device to send information -- you can seamlessly switch back over to radio waves . " VLC is not in competition with WiFi , he says , it is a complimentary technology that should eventually help free up much needed space within the radio wave spectrum . "  We still need Wi-Fi , we still need radio frequency cellular systems . You ca n't have a light bulb that provides data to a high-speed moving object or to provide data in a remote area where there are trees and walls and obstacles behind , " he says . Although the widespread use of "  Li-Fi " is still some way off , it could have some useful , small scale , applications in the short term . For instance , Haas says it could transform air travel by allowing overhead cabin lights to connect mobiles and laptops in-flight ; it could also improve conditions for those working underwater -- such as people on oil rigs -- where radio waves can not penetrate ; LED car lights could even alert drivers when other vehicles are too close . Haas also turns one of the technology 's perceived weaknesses -- the inability of light to penetrate through objects -- into a strength . "  LiFi offers a far more secure form of data transfer because it can only be intercepted by those within a line of sight of the light source , " he explains . "  It 's a very simple electromagnetic spectrum we can see , and if that is an engine that also provides some of the fundamental needs of modern societies -LSB- like -RSB- high-speed data communication , would n't that be brilliant ? "	German inventor Harald Haas has developed patented technology which uses light beams to transmit information Adding a microchip to a normal LED light bulb makes it blink at phenomenal speed sending binary code data Haas hopes his "  Li-Fi " networks will assist increasingly crowded Wi-Fi radio networks
CNN  -- Despite everyone talking about Arizona 's new immigration law , Senate Bill 1070 , no one has asked if it was Arizona 's best option . Was there no other approach to address immigration without undermining the state 's economy or shredding our social fabric ? Nobody had a better idea for balancing security with the draw and demand of American jobs ? What about an offer to work with Congress ? Was the only solution to blow up the place ? It should concern everyone that no one asked these questions . If you watch the SB1070 hearings here , not a single legislator asks about or offers alternatives , although a few express "  concerns . " One legislator , Daniel Patterson , strongly challenged the law 's sponsor , state Sen. Russell Pearce , on his immigration claims . Patterson 's courage was rewarded with the loss of his committee assignment . Pearce announced he would run primary challengers against any Republican who voted against SB1070 . He threatened to hold up bills sponsored by anyone who did not support SB1070 . He was so hell bent on passing his immigration bill that he packed hearings with supporters and , surprise , committee chairs limited the speaking time of opponents . Even if someone had another idea , the process was set up to ignore it . So what hath SB1070 wrought ? Distrust . Blame . Boycotts . Poorly worded protest signs . There 's the rumored loss of 200,000 to 300,000 convention room bookings for 2011-2013 . There 's damage to Arizona 's reputation . Hispanic citizens expect to be racially profiled . There 's the potential filing of hundreds of lawsuits against state and local government agencies and big paydays for the lawyers who will try those cases . Nothing much positive so far -- but it gets worse . Simple math suggests kicking 300,000 workers out of the state means at least a $ 6 billion hit to Arizona 's economy . Add those jobs lost in support or supply businesses and the impact could reach $ 29 billion annually . Do n't expect the law 's proponents to have a plan for replacing those lost billions with anything other than empty promises of thousands of newly available low-paying jobs and overestimated savings -- all based on a flawed report from the Federation for American Immigration Reform . The report ignores that undocumented workers and family members pay the very same property and sales taxes that fund Arizona 's education system and the state 's general fund . It ignores the contributions that children who are citizens make to the state 's tax base once they enter the workforce . If undocumented worker departures open up jobs , then why is the Bureau of Labor Statistics reporting Arizona 's unemployment rate increased every month since SB1070 was signed into law ? The bureau reports that Arizona lost 11,700 jobs from May to June and unemployment rose to 9.7 percent . We see news reports of immigrants leaving all the time , so jobs must be available . How can this be ? The fact is , SB1070 is pushing out both the legal and the undocumented . They own businesses . They employ people . They pay taxes . They own homes . They spend money at stores owned by people who are n't leaving . Those businesses will lay off workers , reduce operations or close . That means fewer jobs , increased housing and commercial vacancies , depressed home values and foreclosures , and less sales , property and employment tax revenue for the state . We see it happening daily . Anyone paying attention could have seen this coming . Unfortunately , few really were . The rest were "  satisficed " -- a combination of satisfied and sufficed that means settling on any solution rather than an optimal one -- that SB1070 would solve the problem , in glorious denial as to the real damage the bill is doing to Arizona . Has SB1070 solved any part of the problem ? SB1070 does n't secure the border and the unemployment figures do n't indicate any improvement . It has created far more economic and social problems than it solves , but few proponents want to admit that . This is the result of not asking , "  Is there a better way ? " States considering mimicking SB1070 would be wise to heed warnings of adverse economic and social impacts . They would be wiser to question the "  facts " SB1070 proponents trot out to support similar efforts . They would be wisest to say , "  What else have you got ? " Is there a better way ? How about putting Ellis Island-type centers on the borders and channeling everyone looking for work through them ? Employers , as in current law , would tell the government what type and how many jobs they need , ones that are n't being filled by domestic workers . Those jobs would be advertised on the internet , where interested immigrants and Americans can compete for them . Knowing the job demand , Congress could set market-based visa quotas that make sense . Instead of paying coyotes $ 2,500 to be smuggled into the United States , the job seekers would pay Uncle Sam to expedite the privilege . This takes billions out of the hands of smugglers and funds the solution to the problem . If 500,000 people are crossing into Arizona each year , this generates $ 1.25 billion to help cover the costs of building and operating these centers , with access to labor for business and better allocation of Border Patrol resources to finding drug smugglers . Read more about the proposal here . Arizonans have lived with political obsession and distortion on immigration for four years and my only suggestion to other states is : Do n't follow our lead . Think of something else , because SB1070 is n't worth the economic and social trouble . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Landfried .	Todd Landfried : Nobody considered an alternative to Arizona 's SB1070 Kicking 300,000 out , loss of businesses could cost $ 29 billion annually , he writes He says law has already created far more job , economic , social problems than it solves Landfried proposes Ellis Island-type centers on the borders that channel job seekers into U.S.
Health.com  -- Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  appears to be on the rise in the United States , and in the search for explanations researchers have begun to scrutinize fetal exposure to a wide range of toxins , including lead , tobacco , pesticides , and chemicals such as PCBs . Mercury , a metal that affects the nervous system , is among the latest suspects to be investigated . And in a new study , researchers report that children who are exposed to higher levels of mercury in the womb are more likely to exhibit attention problems , hyperactivity , and other ADHD symptoms when they 're 8 years old . The study included roughly 600 mothers and children from New Bedford , Massachusetts . The researchers measured prenatal mercury exposure by analyzing samples of the mothers ' hair shortly after birth , and found that a child 's risk of ADHD symptoms increased by 40 % to 70 % past a certain exposure threshold  1 microgram per gram  . The association was seen primarily in boys , which was n't unexpected , since previous research has shown that boys seem to respond differently than girls to chemicals that disrupt the endocrine system . Health.com : What causes ADHD ? 12 myths and facts "  This study and one other recent study -- which both implicate prenatal mercury exposure -LSB- in -RSB- the development of ADHD -- suggest that the impact of mercury is much greater than previously recognized , " says Dr. Bruce P. Lanphear , M.D. , a professor of children 's environmental health at Simon Fraser University , in Vancouver , British Columbia , and the author of an editorial accompanying the new study . The other recent study , which was conducted in Inuit children in Qu  bec and published earlier this fall , produced similar results : Children who were exposed to higher prenatal levels of mercury  as measured by samples of umbilical-cord blood  were more likely to exhibit ADHD symptoms between the ages of 8 and 14 . The new study , which appears in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , looks only at ADHD symptoms , rather than official diagnoses . And it shows only an association , not a cause-and-effect relationship . That said , it would be difficult to design a mercury-exposure study more rigorous than this one , since for ethical reasons pregnant womencould not be selectively exposed to high levels of mercury , which is known to be toxic to the developing fetus , says Dr. Elza Vasconcellos , M.D. , a pediatric neurologist at Miami Children 's Hospital . Health.com : Food additives that may affect ADHD Aside from on-the-job exposure  which is common in mining and certain types of manufacturing  , people are most likely to be exposed to mercury by eating fish that have ingested the metal in contaminated waters . This is why the U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommends that pregnant women eat no more than two six-ounce servings of low-mercury fish per week . In the study , however , fish consumption was not independently related to ADHD symptoms . In fact , when the authors conducted a second analysis among the same group of mothers and children , they found that the offspring of mothers who reported eating more than two servings of fish per week while pregnant actually had a 60 % lower risk of ADHD symptoms . How to reconcile these seemingly contradictory findings ? One possibility is that the nutritional benefits of fish may offset the harmful effects of mercury , the authors suggest . Fish is a good source of omega-3 fatty acids , healthy fats that are essential to brain development , Vasconcellos says . Health.com : Quiz : Do you have adult ADHD ? "  It 's possible to eat fish low in mercury and high in nutritional value , and it 's possible to eat fish high in mercury and low in nutritional value , " says Dr. Susan Korrick , M.D. , the senior author of the study and an assistant professor of medicine at Brigham & Women 's Hospital , in Boston . "  What really matters is the kind of fish you 're eating . " But Korrick and her coauthors had no information on what type of fish these women ate . And even if they did , there 's no reliable way to estimate which fish are high in mercury and which are n't . As a general rule , a fish 's mercury content depends on the size of the fish  larger fish tend to contain more mercury  , where it was caught , and how far along it is in its lifespan . Smaller , oily fishes such as salmon , herring , mackerel , and sardines tend to be low in mercury and yet high in omega-3s . Shark , swordfish , and fresh tuna , on the other hand , are more likely to contain high levels of mercury and a relatively modest amount of omega-3s , though there are exceptions to all of these rules . The potential link between mercury and ADHD will need to be explored further in future studies . In the meantime , Lanphear says , avoiding mercury-laden fish is only a short-term precaution . A more permanent solution to the contamination problem , he says , will require societies to reduce mercury emissions across the board . More ADHD news from CNN Health	ADHD symptoms were noted when the children were 8 years old This research shows associations , not cause-and-effect Fish consumption is not independently related to ADHD symptoms Shark , swordfish and tuna are more likely to contain high levels of mercury
Atlanta  CNN  -- A robbery suspect nicknamed the "  Grandma Bandit " died in a shootout Friday in Atlanta , Georgia , authorities said . Later , authorities discovered that Grandma was actually Grandpa . "  After further investigation , detectives have determined the person believed to be a female suspect in fact is a male , " DeKalb County police spokeswoman Mekka Parish said Friday evening . "  His name is Roxanne Taylor , a 57-year-old man . " Police had issued an arrest warrant on Thursday for someone they thought was a 58-year-old woman , Roxanne Taylor , charging her with three robberies . The "  Grandma Bandit " gained notoriety because of the apparent woman 's age and signature robbing style -- approaching cashiers at Atlanta-area CVS and Rite-Aid pharmacies and demanding cash after producing a revolver from her purse . She was a distinctive-looking woman with swollen cheeks who wore oversize , dark sunglasses and a baseball cap , according to surveillance video and witness accounts . On Friday morning , Taylor was spotted at a Wendy 's fast-food restaurant . Witnesses identified him as the "  Grandma Bandit " because he was profiled on a Crime Stoppers piece earlier in the week , Parish said . "  The individuals called 9-1-1 and nearby Atlanta police officers arrived to investigate , leading to a pursuit , " she said . Taylor led police on a car chase that ended with a multi-car accident off an interstate exit . "  When officers pursued to investigate the accident , they heard a shot ring out , " Parish said . "  The responding officers returned fire . " It was not immediately known whether Taylor 's fatal gunshot wounds were self-inflicted or caused by police , Parish said . The arrest warrant for Taylor said he had netted about $ 400 from the three holdups .	NEW : Authorities discover she was a he Police give chase after bystanders call Crime Stoppers profiled the suspect earlier in the week An arrest warrant was out for a 58-year-old woman
CNN  -- HIV has returned in two patients who doctors hoped had been cured of the virus following bone marrow transplants , the Boston researcher who treated them said Saturday . The HIV virus became undetectable in both patients approximately eight months after the transplant . The men remained on antiretroviral therapy until the spring of 2013 . "  The return of detectable levels of HIV in our patients is disappointing , but scientifically significant , " Dr. Timothy Henrich , a researcher at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , said in a statement . "  We have demonstrated HIV can be reduced to undetectable levels by very sensitive research assays and the virus persists . " The virus became detectable in one patient in August -- 12 weeks after ceasing antiretroviral therapy . In the other man , HIV became detectable this month , 32 weeks after antiretroviral therapy ceased . "  Through this research we have discovered the HIV reservoir is deeper and more persistent than previously known and that our current standards of probing for HIV may not be sufficient to inform us if long-term HIV remission is possible if antiretroviral therapy is stopped , " Henrich said . "  We have also learned that there may be an important long-lived HIV reservoir outside the blood compartment . " Dr. Daniel K. Kuritzkes , another researcher at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , said the cases demonstrate that the virus may persist even when there is no evidence in the blood . "  We need to develop better and more sensitive tools to detect the virus as we continue to pursue novel strategies for HIV eradication , " he said . "  Our results also show that the immune system can play a major role in reducing the viral reservoir , but may not be able to do the job alone . It is likely that a combination of drugs and immune therapies that target the reservoir will be needed to establish long-term remission of HIV infection . " In July , when the cases were first reported at the International AIDS Society Conference in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , experts stopped short of calling the two cured and said the treatment is not a viable option for the majority of HIV patients . After the patients ceased antiretroviral therapy , they were tested for HIV every seven to 10 days . Both resumed antiretroviral therapy after the virus was detected . They are in good health and the virus is suppressing as expected . Brigham and Women 's Hospital researchers will continue to monitor the patients and measure their HIV levels as part of a new study of the very early initiation of antiretroviral therapy after HIV rebound . The men , whose identities were withheld , had been on antiretroviral drug therapy for years before being diagnosed with lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph nodes . Both underwent intensive chemotherapy followed by bone marrow transplants to treat the cancer . They remained on antiretroviral therapy . Approximately four months after the transplant doctors were still able to detect HIV in their blood , but six to nine months later , all traces of the virus were gone . Some patients make it up to eight weeks before the virus returns , but the virus returns eight to 10 weeks after therapy is stopped in the vast majority of patients , Henrich said in July . Not so for these two men , however . HIV discovery ` will change your life forever ' The two men were compared with Timothy Ray Brown , also known as the "  Berlin Patient . " Brown is thought to be the first person ever "  cured " of HIV/AIDS . In 2007 , Brown had a stem cell transplant to treat his leukemia . His doctor searched for a donor with a rare genetic mutation called CCR5 delta32 that makes stem cells naturally resistant to HIV infection . Today , the virus is still undetectable in Brown 's blood , and he is still considered to be "  functionally cured . " A functional cure means the virus is controlled and will not be transmitted to others . The stem cell transplant procedure , however , is very dangerous because a patient 's immune system has to be wiped out in order to accept the transplant . Using a stem cell transplant to treat HIV is not for most patients , and only 1 % of Caucasians -- mostly Northern Europeans -- and no African-Americans or Asians have the CCR5 delta32 mutation , researchers say . The transplant is still not a practical strategy for the majority of HIV patients , and the risk of mortality is up to 20 % , Henrich says . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , agreed . "  This is not a practical approach for someone who does not need a stem cell transplant since the transplant and its preparation and its subsequent need for chronic immunosuppression is a risky procedure , " Fauci said . "  If you have an underlying neoplasm  tumor  like these patients had , then the risk outweighs the benefit , " he said . "  However , if you are doing well on ARVs and you merely want to get off antiretroviral therapy , then the risk seems greater than the benefit . " HIV ` cure ' in toddler offers ` global hope ' Even though the two patients showed a reduction of the virus in the blood , it could still be in some tissue -- the brain or gastrointestinal tract , for instance , Henrich said . Earlier this year , researchers said an HIV-positive baby in Mississippi was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs within 30 hours of her birth , with doctors hoping that would control the virus . Two years later , there is no sign of HIV in the child 's blood , making her the first child to be "  functionally cured " of HIV . The Foundation for AIDS Research , or amfAR , helped fund the study . "  These findings clearly provide important new information that might well alter the current thinking about HIV and gene therapy , " said amfAR CEO Kevin Robert Frost . "  While stem cell transplantation is not a viable option for people with HIV on a broad scale because of its costs and complexity , these new cases could lead us to new approaches to treating , and ultimately even eradicating , HIV . " "  Dr. Henrich is charting new territory in HIV eradication research , " said Dr. Rowena Johnston , amfAR vice president and director of research . "  Whatever the outcome , we will have learned more about what it will take to cure HIV . We believe amfAR 's continued investments in HIV cure-based research are beginning to show real results and will ultimately lead us to a cure in our lifetime . " Opinion : An AIDS-free generation is within sight Saundra Young contributed to this report .	HIV returns in two patients who doctors hoped had been cured of the virus The virus became undetectable in both patients about eight months after bone marrow transplants A researcher says the return of the virus is "  disappointing , but scientifically significant "
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- Rescue crews continued their search Thursday for more than 200 people after the boat they were in capsized in the Mediterranean Sea . The boat was carrying about 300 people , survivors told rescue officials , according to Italian Coast Guard spokesman Cosimo Nicastro . It sank Tuesday about 62 kilometers  39 miles  west off Lampedusa in Maltese waters , the Italian Coast Guard said . By Thursday , officials had rescued 53 people , and recovered 15 to 20 bodies , he said . "  We are following with sorrow and concern what is happening in Lampedusa , " Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said . Many of the survivors came from African countries , such as Eritrea , Somalia and Niger , the Italian daily newspaper , Corriere della Sera said . Many others were fleeing the war in Libya , the newspaper said . The incident is the latest in a number of tragic ends in what has become a steady flow of people who set sail from Africa -- especially Tunisia -- to the Italian island of Lampedusa . According to Demetrios Papademetriou , president of the Migration Policy Institute , more than 22,000 migrants have landed on Lampedusa in the past few weeks . Though owned by Italy , Lampedusa 's closest shore is Tunisia . "  Of course , it 's a crisis , but the Europeans do not want to call it a migration crisis , " he said . According to International Organization for Migration , the majority of unauthorized immigrants arriving in Lampedusa are Tunisian . Some 2,000 other African migrants have arrived on the island after sailing from the Libyan coast , the agency said . A popular uprising in Tunisia led to the ouster of its president , Zine al-Abedine Ben Ali , in January . While protesters succeeded in spurring a regime change there , many Tunisians are not seeing the kind of transformation they were imagining . Italy 's foreign minister has estimated as many as 300,000 Libyans could try to leave and could potentially end up in his country . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Neil Curry and Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report .	Survivors say the boat was carrying about 300 people It capsizes off Lampedusa in Maltese waters 53 people have been rescued Many of them came from African countries , newspaper reports
CNN  -- Coal-producing giant Massey Energy defended its safety record Monday after the worst U.S. mine disaster in decades and rebuffed calls for its CEO to step down . Stan Suboleski , a member of Massey 's board of directors , acknowledged the company 's Upper Big Branch Mine had a high number of citations for serious safety violations . But he said federal inspectors found "  no major issues " with the mine a few days before the April 5 explosion that killed 29 miners , and no hazards were found the day of the explosion . In addition , Suboleski said , the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration required changes to the mine 's ventilation system in September that company engineers found "  significantly reduced " the amount of fresh air that reached the portion of the mine where work was taking place , and the company resisted that change "  to the point of shutting down production for two days " before agreeing . Amy Louviere , a spokeswoman for MSHA , said the issue Subleski raised will be part of its investigation of the disaster . "  MSHA 's accident investigation team will thoroughly examine the mine 's ventilation plan and any changes required by MSHA in order to determine the volume of air flow , " Louviere told CNN . A preliminary report on the disaster by MSHA found that the Upper Big Branch mine had "  a significant history of safety issues " and that the agency was closely monitoring Massey Energy . In 2009 , federal inspectors issued 515 citations and orders at the Upper Big Branch mine , with 39 percent of them for "  significant and substantial " violations . Massey 's safety record came under a harsh spotlight after the disaster at the Upper Big Branch Mine . Its CEO , Don Blankenship , has been an outspoken critic of federal regulators , and at least two investment funds have called for his resignation since the explosion earlier this month . But another Massey director , Bobby Inman , said Blankenship had the board 's confidence , and that changing leadership "  in the midst of a crisis " would be a bad idea . "  When the crisis has subsided and we know the facts , we will maintain the highest standard of accountability and responsibility , " Inman said during a news conference in Charleston , West Virginia . And Blankenship offered condolences to the families and co-workers of the men who died in the blast , saying , "  We know there are no words to describe either their losses or the sorrow they are experiencing . " "  In the past 20 years , we have done our best to engineer the dangers out of coal mining , " Blankenship said . "  We have made great strides and been proud of our accomplishments . But on April 5 , we lost 29 great coal miners , and we do n't know why . This has left us humbled and hurt and searching for answers . " Since the disaster , President Obama has ordered a review of mines with poor safety records . He called Massey 's safety record "  troubled " in an April 15 appearance . Massey called the criticism "  regrettable . "	Massey board member Stan Suboleski admits mine had lots of safety citations Suboleski : Federal inspectors found "  no major issues " with mine just before explosion No hazards were found the day of the explosion , he said 29 miners were killed in April 5 explosion
CNN  -- French shoemaker Christian Louboutin is seeing red -- and will likely be seeing a lot more of it -- after a judge in Manhattan denied an injunction that would have kept fellow designer Yves Saint Laurent from selling shoes with red soles . The lawsuit , filed in June , takes issue with four specific shoes from YSL 's Cruise 2011 Collection : the Tribute , Tribtoo , Palais and Woodstock models , claiming the shoes violate Louboutin 's trademarked "  lacquered red sole . " "  Everyone sees the flash of red and associates the red with Louboutin , " attorney Harley Lewin said Thursday about his client . In fact , Louboutin 's red soles have graced many a red carpets , adorning the feet of celebrities Oprah Winfrey , Heidi Klum and Sarah Jessica Parker . In 2009 , Jennifer Lopez wrote a song about them , "  But it 's the last time , I 'm movin ' on , I 'm throwing on my Louboutins . " In his decision Wednesday , U.S. District Judge Victor Marrero acknowleded that in choosing a red sole for his shoes , Louboutin had "  departed from longstanding conventions and norms of his industry , " to create a product , "  so eccentric and striking that it is easily perceived and remembered . " However , Marrero went on to say that , "  Louboutin 's claim to the ` the color red ' is , without some limitation , overly broad and inconsistent with the scene of trademark registration . " "  This was a trademark that never should 've been issued , " David Bernstein , attorney for the defendant , Yves Saint Laurent said . He adds , "  YSL has been using red since the 1970s , other designers have used red on the soles of their shoes . They are n't doing so to confuse people , but because it 's a design aesthetic . " Lewin thinks the judge went too far . "  This is no longer about the case , " he said . Judge Marrero 's decision drew parallels between painters and fashion designers , calling them both members of a creative industry where no one should be barred from using color to achieve their aesthetic . Doing so could , "  interfere with creativity and stifle competition . " Bernstein agrees . "  No designer should be able to monopolize a color . " There have been cases when companies have copyrighted color . Owens Corning , for example , has the trademark for pink fiberglass . Marrero said industrial products are different because the application of color is simply to distinguish one manufacturer from another . Lewin says his client "  separated his shoes from everyone else 's by using a red sole . " Lewin said he 's never had such an outpouring from his fellow attorneys , law professors and members of the fashion industry , telling him , "  This -LSB- verdict -RSB- is an abomination . Tell your client to appeal . " On August 17 , both sides will meet for a case management conference , and Lewin says he will announce his plans to do just that . "  This is not over , " Lewin said , "  Not by a long shot . "	Judge wo n't stop Yves Saint Laurent from selling shoes with red soles Designer Christian Louboutin had asked him to do so Attorney says color red is associated with Louboutin But judge said the claim is "  overly broad "
CNN  -- Census workers are in the final stages of going door-to-door to complete the 2010 U.S. census , but some experts are looking further to the future to explore the way Americans work , live and identify themselves . In his new book "  The Next Hundred Million : America in 2050 , " Joel Kotkin offers thoughts on what the census will reveal in the next 40 years , including how migration patterns , population dynamics and cultural diversity will come to shape the portrait of the American landscape . CNN spoke to Kotkin recently on what he says is a lot more change to come . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : You claim that "  the majority in the United States becomes nonwhite by 2050 . " The current census has stirred up much controversy in terms of race relations and how we as Americans choose to identify ourselves . How will the nation 's ethnic makeup differ in relation to today ? Joel Kotkin : There 's going to be a very diverse minority population with large amounts of interracial marriage . What we 'll see is that the Anglo-Saxon population will no longer be the majority . I believe the mixed-race population will grow the fastest because compared to the past , interracial relationships are increasingly tolerated and considered OK by a large percent of the younger generations . It 's no longer strange to see a black and white couple at a restaurant together today . Yet someone visiting from the 1960s would be shocked . CNN : Will negative factors like discrimination because of race be eliminated in the future ? Kotkin : I think the racial issue will always be there . Race wo n't disappear , but it wo n't be the marker it was at one time . I think that people have a different attitude now . You do n't see the kind of concern for racial classifications that we once had . -LSB- President -RSB- Obama 's election was a major turning point in America in defining that . I believe the current attitude will have a cascading effect of all varieties . CNN : How do you believe Americans will identify themselves in 2050 ? By categories of race or just as Americans ? Kotkin : I 'm almost sure that these categories of racial or ethnic identification will still be as important as they are now . Historically , people were defined in a binary matter by race . But now more than ever , ethnicity is intertwined with identity and shapes the way people grow , what they believe and their perspectives on a variety of topics . Now , a gay person is the same no matter what race . A conservative is conservative . Thus , these cultural and ethnic backgrounds will be key markers in terms of identity for Americans . CNN : In your book , you describe how the nation 's population will grow to be nearly 400 million people in the next 40 years . How exactly will this happen ? Kotkin : The fact is that there will be more people in the future because of longevity . People are going to start living longer , immigration will be more feasible in the future , and the United States will have a slightly higher fertility rate than other countries . This will mean more people to count in terms of the census and perhaps considering alternative ways to get that work done . CNN : Your book also describes the idea of America becoming more energy efficient . That 's hard to believe with all the current energy and environmental issues affecting our nation today . Kotkin : We are going to have to deal with the energy issue -- I think people just need to be able to see a clear solution that makes some sort of sense . Just look at how far we 've come . We 've invested billions of new transit systems all over the country , and that 's more since 1980 . By 2050 , most people between the ages of 30 and 70 are going to want to live in single-family homes and -LSB- drive -RSB- more energy-efficient cars . CNN : Will people be traveling less ? Is that how we will contribute to bettering our energy situation ? Kotkin : Yes . A lot more people will be working at home or closer to home . This is why suburbs will become the new centers of movement and grounds for change . This is the only real way to deal with it -- trying to tell people that they have to give up their houses , backyards , cars , and live like their grandparents is not a winning solution . Especially when the people pushing for this method , like Al Gore and Prince Charles , live infinitely larger than they could ever imagine living . CNN : So cities will become obsolete ? They will no longer be the hub of our planets ? Kotkin : Well , if you look at the current status now , 90 percent of jobs are outside of the central core of cities . They wo n't be completely obsolete -- by 2050 , cities will still play a symbolic role in terms of culture , amenities and sports , but they will no longer be one of the dominant places where people live and work . CNN : You also describe how the U.S. will become more economically competitive in the future . How do you -- this to Americans who have seen our current economy slide downward into a recession and are n't convinced about this prediction ? Kotkin : The U.S. has relatively younger demographics , which gives it a competitive advantage . This nation attracts people from all over the world , and that 's what gives it global advantage ; we have the potential to be energy sufficient . We are the only advanced country with a growing population , agricultural surplus , lots of raw materials , significant domestic energy . The nation is entrepreneurial in culture and has a reasonably stable political system . That does n't mean that the U.S. will be a hegemonic global power , but I believe the economic condition , due to these factors , will definitely improve in the future and the census will reflect that . CNN : Your claims show a positive outcome for the nation amidst all the current issues in the world : war , political instability , the oil spill , lack of resources , unemployment , global warming . What should Americans consider in terms of making these changes happen by 2050 ? Kotkin : The U.S. has many great advantages going into the next 40 years -- if we do what we need to do . There are serious problems we need to attack in terms of upward mobility and economic growth . If we do n't do that and we have a growing population , it will get difficult -- things will get worse and downwardly mobile for the nation .	Author Joel Kotkin predicts that majority of nation will be non-white Suburbs to become economic centers of country instead of cities Despite current situations , Kotkin says America 's economic and social issues will improve
CNN  -- More than 4.3 million people tuned in to watch the U.S. women 's soccer team beat Japan in a 2-1 victory in the gold medal Olympic game . Shannon Boxx was just happy to be on the field . After injuring her hamstring , Boxx was sidelined for the team 's earlier game against Colombia . It was heartbreaking for the athlete to sit on the bench after all the health problems she had already battled during her journey to London . Boxx was diagnosed with lupus in 2007 when she was 30 years old . At the time she was playing for the U.S. National Team and had begun feeling extremely fatigued ; regular training sessions left her with joint pain and muscle soreness . She went public with her lupus diagnosis in April 2012 and is now working with the Lupus Foundation of America to create awareness about this chronic autoimmune disease that affects 1.5 million people in the U.S. With lupus , Boxx 's body produces auto-antibodies that attack and destroy healthy tissue because her immune system ca n't tell the difference . The auto-antibodies cause inflammation that leads to pain . Symptoms can flare up at any time , and although the disease is somewhat controlled with medication , it is a lifelong problem . We caught up with Boxx after the London Games to talk about her diagnosis and how she deals with it as an elite athlete . The following is an edited version of that interview : You have lupus , in addition to Sjogren 's Syndrome -- another autoimmune disease . How do the two conditions affect you ? Lupus is a chronic inflammatory disease that affects various parts of my body like my skin , my joints and various organs .  One symptom of lupus is the so-called "  butterfly rash , " across a person 's cheeks and nose -- similar to the shape of a butterfly . Sjogren 's Syndrome is an autoimmune in which your body attacks your moisture-producing glands . I deal with fatigue and joint pain just like with lupus , but it also affects my skin , my eyes and my mouth . I have to regularly use eye drops , drink lots of water and get regular checkups for both my eyes and my teeth . Keeping my inflammation down throughout my body is my biggest concern . Lupus attacking my kidneys , Nick Cannon says How has having an autoimmune disease affected your job ? As an elite athlete , it is my job to maintain a high fitness level , as well as sustain a strong mentality . Now add in a disease where my main symptoms are extreme fatigue and joint pain , and that standard becomes a little bit more difficult to maintain . I am very fortunate that I have finally found a medicine that helps control my symptoms , but a few years ago that was n't the case . I remember in 2010 going to training sessions completely exhausted and my knees throbbing from all my joint pain . I remember willing myself through those training sessions and then getting home and lying on the couch the rest of the day . Mentally , I was exhausted because I was trying to figure out the right medicines to use ; I was dealing with side effects from those medicines and I was keeping it a secret from my teammates . On the positive side , it has made me so much stronger as a person and as an athlete . I have the mentality that this disease is not going to beat me . I may have a bad day , but it wo n't stop me from trying again the next day . How do you control your symptoms ? The medicine I am on now helps control the amount of "  flare-ups " I may have , as well as control the amount of inflammation in my body . To help with joint pain , I wear compression pants to sleep in and I have also been able to tweak our lifting routine so that I do n't have to put as much pressure on my joints . I do less Olympic lifts and more body-weight exercises . Fatigue is probably the hardest one to control because you do n't know when it 's going to hit you . The best solution for me is , if I start to feel more fatigued than normal , I will train lighter that day or even just take it off completely . Learning to live with lupus What do you eat on a regular basis ? I do n't have a specific diet . As much as I am training , my goal is to just make sure I 'm getting enough food . I do my best to eat a balanced diet , but as of right now it is n't any different than the rest of my teammates . What advice do you have for our readers who are dealing with lupus and/or Sjogrens Syndrome ? I understand that people with lupus and/or Sjogren 's range from mild to severe and no two people are alike in their struggle with either of these diseases . I believe it 's very important to have a support system -- friends , family , the Lupus foundation and the Sjogren 's foundation -- that understands what you are going through . I think it 's important that you have someone who understands that you can feel good a majority of the time but are there for you when a flare-up happens . I also believe it 's important to stay active , whatever level of activity feels comfortable to you . I hope this is where I have inspired people . I have n't let this disease stop me from doing the sport that I love . You 've just begun to talk publicly about your battles with autoimmune disease . Why did you decide to start sharing your story ? I kept my story a secret for a long time because I did n't want anyone to use it against me in my profession . As I am nearing the tail end of my career , I have realized it is a lot more important to use my voice to help bring awareness to lupus and Sjogren 's . It takes people an average of seven years to be diagnosed , and in that time period they could be doing more damage to their body . If I can help spread the word about what lupus or Sjogren 's is and what the symptoms are , maybe I can help get people in to visit a doctor sooner . Dealing with an injury during the Olympics is something every athlete fears . How do you weigh the benefits of rest/recovery over pushing through the pain to help your team ? Good question . All of these thoughts went through my head when I felt my hamstring go 15 minutes into my first game in the Olympics . In a matter of seconds , I had to weigh both options . Do I push through and maybe do more damage to my leg and maybe hurt the team in the process , 'cause I 'm not 100 %  and in the worst case scenario , be out for the rest of the tournament  : or do I take myself out and give our team the chance with a healthy body in there ? I chose the second , and even though it was hard sitting on the bench I knew I put the team first . I worked hard every day to get back as healthy as I could so I could be available if needed during the playoff rounds . It seems everything worked out in the end . My hamstring healed and I was able to start in the final game and help my team to an Olympic gold medal . Not a bad way to the end the tournament . How becoming a patient can make you stronger	Olympic soccer midfielder Shannon Boxx has lupus , Sjogren 's Syndrome Boxx helped the U.S. women 's team win a gold medal against Japan Her autoimmune diseases cause joint pain , muscle soreness , fatigue
CNN  -- At 12 years old , Jeff Hanson was struggling to see the world around him . "  He was walking off curbs and falling down staircases because he could n't see that they were there , " said his dad , Hal Hanson . Hanson had been diagnosed at an early age with neurofibromatosis , a genetic disorder that can cause learning disabilities and in his case an optic nerve tumor . When the tumor threatened to leave him blind , he underwent rounds of chemotherapy and 28 days of radiation . "  We talked to Jeff about it , and we made light of it . We did n't want it to scare him or make him feel threatened , " his dad said . To lift his spirits , he started painting watercolors on note cards . "  It was sad to see this 12-year-old child go through treatment , " said his mom , Julie Hanson . "  So one day we just took out the watercolors and note cards and Jeff started painting ... and that 's when we recognized as parents that Jeff had a great gift for color . " "  It helped me a lot painting during chemotherapy and radiation because it was something to do . It was fun , " Hanson said . That summer , Hanson started selling his note cards along with his mom 's baked goods at the foot of their driveway in Overland Park , Kansas . "  In the beginning , it was a lemonade stand . And he thought he 'd make a few dollars and have some spending money , " his father said . "  But what we quickly realized was that he was making a lot of money . " By the end of the summer , Hanson had raised $ 15,000 , which he gave to charity . He donated the money to the Children 's Tumor Foundation to help research his diagnosis . "  It makes me feel really good that I was able to give it away and help others , " he said . For Hanson , it was just the beginning . He went from painting watercolors on note cards to creating colorful acrylic art on canvases . Then he started auctioning his paintings at charity events . "  Each one of them is a labor of love . Each one of them is very special , " said his mom . "  Nothing about them is mass produced . " In five years , Hanson has donated more than $ 350,000 from the sale of his paintings to more than 50 charities , most of them devoted to children 's health . At a recent event for the Make-A-Wish Foundation , Hanson sold one of his paintings for $ 15,000 during the live auction . The second bidder offered to pay another $ 15,000 if Hanson painted a second piece . "  In just minutes , Jeff raised $ 30,000 , " his mom said . "  He loves to chuckle and say the only thing that sold for more was a Corvette . " At 17 , the sight-impaired teen does n't plan to slow down any time soon . "  My goal for the future is to raise a million dollars for charity , " he said . "  He 's a young businessman trying to take his gift and use his paintings to invest in his visually impaired future , " his mom said . "  At the same time , the philanthropic side of his business is exploding . " Hanson 's art is on display at the Aloft Hotel in Kansas . Even some celebrities like Elton John and Billy Joel own his paintings . "  I love the way Jeff 's paintings make me feel and the use of his bold colors and his texture , " said Rachelle Craig , an art collector who owns one of his paintings . "  For this young person to be able to do what he has done , it 's an incredible story . His story is the true art . " "  Everyone who hears his story and who sees his work finds their own hearts changed , " said Adam Hamilton , senior pastor for the United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood , Kansas . "  I think they find themselves wanting to be more generous . They find themselves wanting to be more positive about life . They find themselves wanting to help other people . That 's the impact Jeff has on their lives . " To learn more about Hanson and his art , visit his website at JeffreyOwenHanson.com .	Jeff Hanson , a visually impaired teen , is using his paintings to help others Hanson has donated more than $ 350,000 to over 50 charities His goal is to raise a million dollars for charity
CNN  -- Peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi expressed dismay Tuesday at the lack of progress in ending the civil war in Syria and called on the U.N. Security Council to act . "  Syria is being destroyed bit by bit and , in destroying Syria , the region is being pushed into a situation that is extremely bad and extremely important for the entire world , " the U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy told reporters after meeting in private with the Security Council . "  That is why I believe Security Council simply can not continue to say , ` We are in disagreement ; therefore , let 's wait for better times . ' I think they have got to grapple with this problem now . " Brahimi blamed the government of President Bashar al-Assad and opposition activists for the impasse . "  Objectively , they are cooperating in destroying Syria , " he said . The Security Council has proven ineffectual in brokering a peace , with China and Russia casting vetoes to block resolutions on sanctions . Brahimi suggested a return to the Geneva communique of last June as a possible way of making progress . The proposal was drawn up during a conference in the Swiss city that brought together representatives from world powers that had been at odds over the conflict . The resulting proposal called for a cease-fire , a transitional government and a new constitution , though it did not specify whether al-Assad would have to step down . Russia and China joined France , Britain , the United States and Turkey in agreeing on the plan . Arab League nations also signed on to it . But neither the opposition nor al-Assad 's government has signaled a willingness to sign on to it . Still , the declaration contains "  a lot of elements that would provide for a reasonable solution to the conflict , " Brahimi said . "  The council has got to reaffirm the attachment and support for Syria 's independence , sovereignty , territorial integrity , also for the rights of every citizen in Syria to their human rights and dignity , irrelevant of gender , religion or any other element , " he added . The communique calls for the creation of a transitional government with full executive powers . "  I think that there was a very clever , creative ambiguity in this declaration and I have told them that that ambiguity has to be lifted now , " he said . "  You 've got to say what these full executive powers mean ... all the powers of state have got to go to that government . " Asked about rumors that he planned to resign , Brahimi was resolute : "  I am not a quitter , " he said . "  The United Nations has no choice but to remain engaged with this problem -- whether I am there or not . The moment I feel that I am totally useless , I will not stay one minute more . I did n't want this job . I did n't look for it . I do n't need it as a job . So if I 'm doing it , it 's because -- maybe stupidly -- I feel sense of duty . " Brahimi 's predecessor , former Secretary-General Kofi Annan , resigned from the same post last August . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said Brahimi gave the Security Council "  a frank and very grim assessment . " Though "  a lot " of council members expressed support for his efforts , there were "  no answers , " Rice said . "  There are no promises of any big breakthrough . " The envoy 's comments came on the same day that the executed bodies of scores of men were found Tuesday in Syria , yet another grisly discovery that opposition activists blamed on the government . Residents pulled 80 of them from the Queiq River in the town of Bustan Al-Qasr , near Aleppo city , opposition activists said . An opposition video -- the authenticity of which CNN could not verify -- showed a row of bodies splayed on a muddy river bank , their heads bearing wounds , their hands tied behind their backs . Some of the bodies showed signs of torture . Abu Faris , an opposition spokesman in the Aleppo countryside , said 20 of the victims had been identified by their relatives who said the men had been arrested and detained in Aleppo by Air Force intelligence . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency blamed the killings on Jabhat al-Nusra , an Islamist opposition group . "  The families have identified a number of the killed , stressing that Jabhat al-Nusra abducted them because of their rejection to cooperate with this terrorist group , " SANA reported , citing a media source . "  The bodies , which terrorists and TV misleading channels have claimed that the army killed their owners , were found in the side where terrorists present , " SANA quoted one of its reporters as saying . It was the latest report of mass killings in the Syrian civil war , a battle between al-Assad 's government and insurgents . In all Tuesday , 228 Syrians were killed Tuesday , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The Syrian unrest started nearly two years ago when the government cracked down on civilians peacefully protesting government policies . The conflict morphed into a civil war . Since then , it has claimed more than 60,000 lives , according to the United Nations . "  The regime adds another massacre to its record while the entire Arab world and the international community keep watching the Syrian misery in silence and complete hypocrisy , " the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . In the opposition video , men can be heard shouting , "  This is unbelievable ! " and "  Some were children , children for God 's sake ! " One man can be heard saying , "  Tell the world these were not soldiers . They were not fighters . They are human beings . How come they know what the law of gravity is but they do n't know anything about human rights . " Opposition groups have regularly reported massacres by government forces and their allies . Some of the more notorious reports include incidents in Taftanaz , Houla , Homs , Hama , Tremseh , Daraya , and Halfaya . Bombings in Aleppo and Damascus have resulted in many deaths . Great migrations The international aid group Doctors Without Borders , also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , called Tuesday for international donors to support humanitarian operations in opposition-held areas in Syria . The group said in a statement issued ahead of a donors conference in Kuwait City that areas under government control receive nearly all international aid . "  The current aid system is unable to address the worsening living conditions facing people inside Syria , " said Dr. Marie-Pierre Allie , president of MSF . "  The participants in the Kuwait City conference must acknowledge the legitimacy of cross-border humanitarian operations intended for Syria and grant them the financial , administrative and logistical support they require . " The number of refugees registered with the United Nations jumped by 110,000 in January , bringing the total to more than half a million . If the refugees awaiting registration are included , the number exceeds 700,000 , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said . Read more : Fleeing violence in nighttime trek to Jordan "  It 's an unrelenting flow , " UNHCR spokeswoman Sybella Wilkes said in Geneva . When Syrians flee to neighboring countries , they arrive in need , Wilkes said . "  The last thing that Syrians wanted to do was leave their country , " she said , adding that it 's not unusual for families to be displaced internally six times before finally deciding to leave their home country . They often require with health conditions that have gone untreated and require urgent attention , Wilkes said . Recently , one woman lost a child at a U.N. station shortly after delivery because she had not received basic prenatal care , Wilkes said . Teen refugee : Prince Charming is dead The exodus of refugees accelerated in the second half of 2012 , Wilkes said . A year ago , the United Nations had registered fewer than 20,000 refugees from Syria , which has a population of more than 22 million . Six months ago , the number rose to 120,000 . By December , the number had climbed to 471,000 . And now , nearly 585,000 . Jordan , Turkey and Lebanon are sheltering the most Syrians , with more than 150,000 each . "  We have in Jordan day shifts and night shifts " to register new refugees , Wilkes said . "  In Lebanon , we have double shifts . " U.S. humanitarian aid U.S. President Barack Obama has approved $ 155 million in humanitarian aid for people in Syria and refugees fleeing the violence . That brings the aid total to $ 365 million , making the United States the largest single donor of humanitarian assistance to Syria . The U.S. government has imposed sanctions against Syria , worked to isolate the regime , and backed the opposition but has refrained from intervening militarily . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Hamdi Alkhshali , Joe Sterling , Ben Brumfield , Salma Abdelaziz and Saad Abedine reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report from Beirut , Lebanon .	NEW : Doctors Without Borders says most international aid goes to government-held areas "  They have got to grapple with this problem now , " Brahimi says of Security Council 110,000 more refugees registered with the United Nations in January Jordan , Turkey and Lebanon have the highest number of Syrians who have fled
CNN  Just outside of a white and yellow tent in Germany , an elephant heaves a heavy sigh . His ears are lowered , his skin relaxed -- his trunk arched into a final pose . "  That 's my favorite part of the circus , " Dutch photographer Wiesje Peels said . "  When there 's a moment , five minutes before  performers  get on and five minutes after they get off . " Peels ' fascination with the circus began as a child . Her father traveled Europe as a one-man show , "  Theatro Picollini , " performing at hospitals and amusement parks . At 6 years old , Peels began helping her father as the magician 's assistant . For five years , she watched her father walk a tightrope between being her dad and performing as a magician . It 's what the majority of Peels ' work focuses on , something she calls "  in between worlds . " In 2001 , Peels traveled to India to follow and photograph a large ship . But instead , she felt a calling to run away with the Great Bombay Circus . Starkly different from her father 's small production , the circus boasted multiple tents and more than 100 performers . She photographed the show for two weeks . At first , she shot the expected -- the splendor of the circus act . But it was n't the whimsy on stage that truly appealed to Peels ' artistry . She became interested in the evolution that occurred behind the curtain . Her book "  Mimus " binds together roughly 100 photographs taken at several traveling circuses in Europe . The images capture a "  glimpse of the hidden life of the performing artist . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The performers carry a certain melancholy when transitioning in and out of character . This is illustrated clearly in Peels ' photo of a clown . He 's still in costume , his makeup still intact , yet he 's off-stage , no longer part of an act . He emanates an "  unavoidable authenticity , " Peels says . Peels ' work is heavily influenced by other artwork , specifically 19th-century paintings . Before photographing every circus , she visits local museums to derive inspiration . But the true genius lies in her ability to relate to the performer . She finds herself "  in between worlds , " too . "  There 's the home life and the artist life , " Peels says . As a wife and a mother of two , Peels says she struggles to find time to create , and she often seeks solace at artist residencies to focus solely on her work . Now she 's in Zundert , Netherlands , the birthplace of Vincent van Gogh , in an effort to draw space to become a character of her own . "  I live in two worlds , " she said . "  So do you . " Wiesje Peels is a photographer based in the Netherlands . You can follow her on Facebook .	Dutch photographer Wiesje Peels has followed several traveling circuses in Europe The photos in her book "  Mimus " capture a glimpse of the performers ' "  hidden life " Her fascination with the circus began as a child , when she worked with her dad 's one-man show
CNN  -- The long-time President of CNN Worldwide , Jim Walton , says he will leave the company at the end of the year . Walton , who joined the company as an entry-level video journalist in 1981 , said the company needed "  a new leader who brings a different perspective , different experiences and a new plan . " "  For some time , I 've been talking with  Turner Chairman and CEO  Phil Kent about wanting to make a change , and he supports my decision , " Walton wrote in a memo to employees . In a brief interview , Walton said that he timed his announcement to give Kent the opportunity to find a successor and "  be open about it . " "  It 's a well-run place now , " Walton said . "  We have also taken a lot of effort to make it a better place to work and in putting discipline in the organization . What it has allowed CNN to do is remain profitable when journalism is under seige and reinvest in its people and its resources and that 's a good thing . " During Walton 's tenure , CNN has expanded worldwide , on television , digital and mobile platforms . "  When Jim Walton assumed the presidency of CNN in 2003 , it was under performing and earnings were in serious decline , " Time Warner CEO and Chairman Jeff Bewkes said in a statement . "  Since then , he and CNN have tripled earnings , doubled margins and delivered annual growth of 15 percent . " Phil Kent , Turner 's chairman and CEO , said Walton is "  the leader we all aspire to be . Smart , steady , tough , and fair , business-savvy and respected by his team . His vision has modernized and globalized our legacy news brand , enhanced CNN 's journalistic standing , positioned it at the forefront of multi-platform branded news content and challenged the organization to think bigger , reach further and do better . I am honored to work alongside him and proud to call him my friend . " Bewkes also praised Walton 's service . "  In his nearly 31 years of uninterrupted and distinguished service to CNN , Jim has been instrumental in growing the business into the financial powerhouse it has become , while establishing the brand as the worldwide leader for television news , " Bewkes said . "  I respect him personally and professionally and support the decision he and Phil Kent have reached . " Walton 's first job , as a video journalist , was to tear apart the five-part carbon scripts for the anchors , producer and director , then run the teleprompter . He went on to learn the craft of video editing , before becoming a producer , executive producer , and then moving into senior management . He declined to say which was the toughest job . "  I have been really lucky to have done so many different jobs at this organization , " Walton said . "  And each has been challenging and each has been rewarding in its own way . The important thing to note here is that I 'm not leaving right now . We 've got an election . We 've got big news happening all throughout the world and we have got a lot to do . "	CNN president will stay through end of year Walton joined CNN in 1981 He became president of CNN in 2003
It took Superman until his teenage years to discover his superpowers , but many of us take much longer to find our own , if we ever do at all . Yet identifying a superpower -- that core strength that gives an edge in the workplace , be it creativity , vision or an analytical mind -- can be the key to taking a career to the next level . "  I am a full believer that the first thing you do in a leadership role is to identify your own strengths and play to them , " says Sheryl G Feinstein , co-author of "  The Brain and Strengths Based School Leadership . " "  I think too often one of the difficulties leaders have is they try to be everything to everyone , which creates kind of a patchwork of leadership which is counterproductive , " she adds . "  They spend so much of their time overcompensating for their weaknesses that they do n't really play to their strengths . " Research suggests that leaders who identify their core strengths , and play to them , are more satisfied in their work and better paid , she says . Read more : Is your boss a psycho ? A superpower , explains Corinne Mills , managing director of Personal Career Management and author of "  Career Coach , " is the personal "  Unique Selling Proposition " which gives you value in the corporate environment . Identifying it could help you sell yourself within your organization -- and to others . But how do you identify your superpower ? While a little self-knowledge can go a long way , it is common for executives to be in the dark as to their own strengths and weaknesses . "  It 's very difficult to be objective about your own strengths , " says Mills . "  Most people have a particular strength , but quite often because it 's something they enjoy doing , perhaps more of a natural ability , it feels easy and therefore they think everyone can do it . " A good way to find out is to ask ex-colleagues or ex-managers "  whose opinion you trust and who will be honest , " she says . "  They will give you objective feedback , and the things you often take for granted , other people will see very clearly . " Guy Longshaw , an executive coach and management consultant , recommends strengths tests drawn from "  positive psychology , " a movement whose founders sought to "  find and nurture genius and talent " by encouraging people to identify their strengths and play to them . Read more : Six tips for better brainstorming Highly successful people have the knack of finding "  new and innovative ways to challenge themselves in those areas , " he says , thereby staying motivated and interested in their careers . Feinstein says that simple self-reflection could also do the trick . "  Maybe after you 've led a meeting you reflect on what your strengths and weaknesses were . It 's amazing with these computerized programs how they often just end up validating things that deep down people already know about themselves . " Sean McPheat , managing director of MTD Training , says the old conventional wisdom about strengths and vulnerabilities no longer applies . "  People used to say ` Work on your strengths , develop your weaknesses . ' But forget developing your weaknesses . A 2 % improvement in your strengths is going to be better than a 2 % improvement in your weaknesses . " Longshaw adds : "  That 's not to say ignore your weaknesses -- know what they are , but time and effort trying to get better at your weaknesses is far less well spent . " Rather than spending too much time trying to overcome your failings , the best way to shore up up your weaknesses could be to assemble a team of people with the attributes you lack . "  Perhaps you have strengths in organization but are weaker when it comes to vision , to building relationships , " says Feinstein . "  With the right balance , you can play to your own strengths and let your team play to theirs . "	Knowing your strengths -- and playing to them -- is the key to effective leadership Your "  superpower " is your USP to sell yourself in your career path Ask colleagues , take tests or simply self-reflect to identify your core strength Shore up weaknesses by building a team with the attributes you lack
CNN  -- Think of all of the ridiculous things you 've seen on Twitter . Have a good mental image ? Hold on to it , because a recent tweet from a presumed fan of rapper J. Cole might top your list . On Tuesday , the same day J. Cole officially released his latest album , "  Born Sinner , " he retweeted a threat he received from a Twitter user who goes by the name @_TzC_ . "  Retweet me and I 'll buy ` Born Sinner . ' Do n't retweet me and I 'll kill my lil sister , " the message said . It was accompanied by a photo of a girl standing with a gun pointed at her head . At the time , J. Cole responded to the tweet , "  wildest s *** i ever seen on twitter bruh . " CNN reached out to J. Cole 's camp for further comment , but has yet to hear back . @_TzC_ first posted the statement late Monday night , and since then has tweeted that he 's been "  ripped apart " by other users -- not to mention that the police have gotten involved . "  My mom is so mad at me ... . I got ta go into hiding for a lil while , " he shared , later replying to one inquirer , "  I  t was a BB gun . Cops came to my house and everything . " In a statement to TMZ , he offered an apology : "  I 'd like to apologize to America for the photo and to put J. Cole in that position . It was all a joke . It was an unloaded BB gun and my sister was in on it . I only tweeted it because I did n't expect a response . Mr. Cole please do n't sue me . I want to formally apologize more to J. Cole and yeah my mom made me delete my twitter until I fixed it . " Police in New Braunfels , Texas , are investigating the tweet 's alleged author . Capt. John McDonald said the BB gun was unloaded and he called the post a lapse in judgment . The Twitter user has been cooperative in visits to the department , he said . There has been no decision on charges , which would be misdemeanors if pursued , McDonald said on Wednesday . The image in question was still visible on Twitter on Wednesday , and the social networking site referred CNN to its media policy , noting that the company does n't comment on individual accounts "  for privacy and security reasons . " Twitter 's media policy states that the company does n't "  mediate content , " although "  some content is not permissible by law . " If an uploaded image is reported and is found to be unlawful , the photo would be removed and the individual 's account would be suspended . On Wednesday , the Twitter user in question was still posting , as he told his followers : "  I make terrible decisions . Do n't admire me . ... I 'm not a bad person , I 'm just stupid . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Police in Texas investigate Rapper J. Cole received a tweeted threat from another user It said the person would kill their sister if they did n't receive a retweet The Twitter user has since apologized
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- When -- after many visits to doctors and hospitals -- Tian Huiping 's son was finally diagnosed with autism , the only advice she was given was to make use of a loophole in China 's "  one-child " policy that allows parents with disabled children to have one more . Tian Huiping considered suicide when she learned her son was autistic . Instead , she opened an autism school . Alone with her son after her husband divorced her , Tian became depressed and desperate enough to consider killing herself and her son , Yang Tao . "  I made a poison for me and my son , " she said . But when she saw her boy smiling up at her happily , she says she could n't do it . "  I thought , I have no right to end his life , and I can not kill myself and leave him . " From that horrible moment 18 years ago , there grew an incredible resolve -- the kind of dogged determination borne of a mother protecting her child . At one of the many hospitals she went to for help in Beijing , Tian came across a small brochure printed by the Taiwan Autism Association , explaining a few basic concepts on how to teach kids with autism . Watch mom describe being near suicide with autistic child " She read it over and over again . "  I just tried to work a little bit with my son and another boy we lived with , " she says . "  And it worked -- a little bit -- but I saw hope . " She rented space in a kindergarten and opened her own school at first , with just six autistic children . She slept on the floor in a store room to save money . Two months later , the kindergarten closed her down . "  We did n't make enough money for them , " she says . But the children had shown progress , even though the teaching was based on a few simple concepts in a few pages of a brochure . Soon , the word was out . And more parents with autistic children came to Tian looking for help , all of them with the same fears . "  If my son can not go to school , what will happen with him ? As a mother this is such a big worry . " Fifteen years later , Tian and her Stars and Rain Education Institute for Autism help more than 3,000 children a day through her school and its outreach program . Eighty children of all ages enroll in her school for an 11-week course with their parents -- many of whom travel hundreds of miles from small villages to get help for their children . The parents then return to their villages to try to educate the local population . Interactive : Autism 101 " The Chinese government says there are only about 100,000 people with autism in the entire country , but unofficial estimates put the number between 1-2 million people , perhaps even more . Tian says her institute has a list of just 60 doctors nationwide who are capable of diagnosing autism . Fifteen years ago , she says there were just three . Because resources are scarce , the focus at her school is on teaching the parents how to educate their children . They first help parents to accept their child 's disability and teach basic information about autism awareness . Programs are individualized for each child , with teachers working on verbal communication , managing tantrums and other early intervention methods . One of the parents is a woman named Fu Jing . It took three years and countless wrong diagnoses , before she finally learned why her son Ruoqi was n't talking or playing with other kids , she said . When Fu leaned Ruoqi was autistic , her world collapsed . "  I thought about committing suicide with my son . I could not imagine the pain he would suffer when he grew up . All the unfair treatment from society and schoolmates , " she said . "  As a mother , I felt so much pain . " But now Fu is learning how to communicate with her son , how to raise him , even how to love him . "  The training here strengthens the acceptance of your kids . Honestly speaking , as an ordinary person , I get angry and even shout at him , " she said . "  But here , they say we have to accept our kids as who they are . I feel that I have changed . " There are no government programs to help parents with autistic children -- and there is no government help for Tian and her school . "  I 'm not used to requesting anything from government , " she says . "  We have grown up in such a situation . " For the past three years , Stars and Rain has been working with Heartspring , a Kansas-based center for children with special needs . Teachers from Beijing have been sent to Wichita , Kansas , for training ; and teachers like Connie Coulter have come to Stars and Rain . When she arrived in February , Coulter found a school with almost no resources and without access to the latest research . Some parents , she said , would come up to her and ask about a magic pill or vitamin "  to cure their child . " "  In the villages where they 're coming from , they 're just viewed as basically throw-away children , " she said . "  To tell -LSB- the parents -RSB- and be able to educate them , it was an exhilarating experience to talk to them about the basic understanding of autism . " Coulter described her time at the school as a "  life-changing experience . " "  There are things that they have taught me about value of family , the passion , the empathy , the sacrifice that I do n't see as much in the United States , " she said . It 's a sacrifice these parents feel lucky to make -- because in China , if your child has autism and you want to help , there is almost nowhere else to turn . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	China estimates 100,000 people with autism ; some say real number is 1-2 million Mom considered murder-suicide with autistic son ; instead started autism school The school helps 3,000 children with autism every day despite no government aid "  As a mother , I felt so much pain "
CNN  -- Here are some of the most quotable sound bites from the Sunday morning shows : On Election Day predictions : "  If we get 39 seats and take the majority , that 's success . If we get 37 seats , that 's success . ... We have battled our way back here , so to have the kind of night that we 're anticipating on Tuesday is not just a blessing , but it comes from the hard work of our candidates out there engaging with the people . " -- Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele , CNN 's "  State of the Union " "  People are n't going to be voting for generic candidates on Tuesday . They 'll be voting for actual candidates . And what I found as I traveled around is that in many of the states that I visited , when people listen to the candidates and know them and directly ask them questions and trust them , you get a much different outcome . " -- Majority Whip Dick Durbin , "  State of the Union " "  I do n't know what the headlines are going to be the day after the election . I do n't think there 's much doubt because of public opinion polls that Republicans are going to take over control of the House of Representatives . That 's almost a foregone conclusion . I hope they wo n't get Senate as well , and I do n't think they will . But this , I think , may have some benefits in the long term . " -- Former President Jimmy Carter , CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " Carter : Tea Party forebears elected me "  I think it 's going to be a political earthquake and the message will have been sent to the left that they blew it , and Americans are waking up and they 're saying , ` No , smaller , smarter government is the only way that the country can get back on the right track . ' " -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , "  Fox News Sunday " "  I think all these Washington pundits are going to be surprised , just like many of them were surprised very recently in a special election that we had in Pennsylvania , where everybody predicted the Republican win . Did n't happen . We 're seeing strong early votes for Democrats , which means that this idea that the Democrats are not energized is just not true . " -- Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen , "  Fox News Sunday " "  I 'll be surprised if the House does n't have a Republican majority . I think it 's harder in the Senate . I think we 'll probably make big gains in the Senate . And of course for my particular line of work , I think we 'll have at least 30 Republican governors . " -- Republican Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi , NBC 's "  Meet the Press " "  Despite Republicans ' assertions ` Oh , there 's an enthusiasm gap ! ' we 're seeing strong Democratic performance in early voting and we 're seeing significant turnout all over the country that the field efforts are kicking . And we 're seeing polls , the poll today that I saw shows that if you just ask registereds , Democrats have an edge over Republicans this time . Likely , they still have an edge by about four points . That 's what we 've got to do between now and Tuesday . If our voters turn out , we win . " -- Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine , "  Meet the Press " "  We understand that people are hurting in this country . But our goal is to have them understand and channel their anger on Election Day against the Republican Party that brought us to the verge of economic collapse in November of 2008 , when financial institutions in this country were ready to collapse . " -- Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez , ABC 's "  This Week " "  I think we 'll make a lot of headway . I 'm not predicting that we will get the -LSB- Senate -RSB- majority this cycle . I think it probably is going to take two cycles , but there is certainly a potential there , depending on just how high and how broad this wave election is . " -- Republican Sen. John Cornyn , "  This Week " "  I think the seats that we 're going to win , if we do win them , it 's going to be because we 're pledged to cut back on spending . If we ever reneged on that pledge , then we just look like another group of politicians coming in . We have to make this year different from others . " -- Republican Rep. Pete King , CBS 's "  Face the Nation " "  I 've been out campaigning the last couple of weeks . I 've sensed that if this is a Republican tidal wave , I 've sensed a Democratic undertow going against it . Democrats are much more fired up in the last two weeks than people would think . " -- Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania , "  Face the Nation " "  I feel good about the Senate right now in terms of what 's going to happen at the end of this election . ... . I think people have just stepped back a little and said , we want to continue to govern and move forward . And we 're concerned about the extreme views of some of these candidates . " -- Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar , "  Face the Nation " On what the election says about President Obama : "  There 's no question that this midterm election is a referendum on Obama 's policies . He talks about it . The public talks about it . The dominant issues in America are all of this spending , outrageous spending , excessive debt , skyrocketing deficits , joblessness and what the American people are looking at , and they 're saying the Obama policies are n't working . " -- Barbour , "  Meet the Press " "  I think this is a choice , a clear choice . It 's not a referendum . It 's a choice between a Democratic Party that is doing heavy lifting to turn a shrinking economy that the Republicans left us into a growing economy , stopping combat operations in Iraq and so many other key achievements . " -- Kaine , "  Meet the Press " "  I do n't think it 's about communication . I think it 's about the product . They 're trying to sell something that is n't any good . And what we have now is an economy that remains in the doldrums . ... So people are angry . They 're also worried about the future . And they 're saying this is not what we thought we were getting when we elected President Obama and the Democratic Congress . " -- Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota , "  Face the Nation " On Steele 's GOP detractors : "  Look , not everybody plays well with others on the playground . We understand that . I 'm a different kind of chairman . I said I would be . I 'm not a status quo guy . I believe in shaking the system up . I 'm a grass-roots , bottom-up kind of activist . And I think the party needs that kind of leadership right now . The status quo , the establishment in Washington -- they 'll get used to me . " -- Steele , "  State of the Union " On 2012 : "  If the country needed me -- and I 'm not saying that the country does and that the country would ever necessarily want to choose me over anyone else , but I would be willing to make the sacrifices if need be for America . " -- Palin , "  Fox News Sunday " On potential terror threats : "  Some very good work was done both overseas as well as here in the United States to find those two packages and to make sure that those devices were made inert . Very close in strong partnership there . So we do n't know whether or not that 's the extent of it , so we 're going to continue to pursue all possible leads in the event that there are some other devices that are out there . " -- John Brennan , Obama 's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism , "  State of the Union " Brennan says cargo plane explosives could detonate on their own "  So the underwear bomber , as well as these packages , are showing sort of new techniques on their part . They are very innovative and creative . We need to stay one step ahead of them . " -- Brennan , "  This Week "	Dems , Republicans both optimistic in final days before the election "  I 'll be surprised if the House does n't have a Republican majority , " Barbour says "  If our voters turn out , we win , " says DNC chairman Tim Kaine "  The status quo , the establishment in Washington -- they 'll get used to me , " Steele says
CNN  The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will soon add Miami Seaquarium 's killer whale , Lolita , to the endangered species list , but nothing will change for the longtime Miami entertainer . At 49 , the senior whale will be added to the endangered listing for the Southern Resident Killer Whales found in the waters off Seattle , where Lolita was captured in 1970 . The Southern Resident population was depleted between 1965 and 1975 because of captures conducted for marine parks , according to NOAA Fisheries . The population 's numbers remain low due to such environmental factors as pollution , oil spills and noise from passing vessels , NOAA says . As a result , the Southern Resident killer whales were added to the endangered species 10 years ago . Animal activists , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , Animal Legal Defense Fun and the Orca Network see this ruling as a victory . "  It 's Lolita 's chance of freedom , " said Jared Goodman , PETA 's director of animal law . "  It 's a huge step . " Activists petitioned NOAA to include Lolita to the Southern Resident endangered list , saying they never had the right to separate her from designation for the Seattle killer whale population . About 17,000 comments were submitted to the federal agency in support of the endangered designation for Lolita . Animal rights activists want Lolita eventually released back into the wild if she can be rehabilitated to survive on her own after 40 years of captivity where she is hand-fed instead of capturing her own food . Websites such as SaveLolita  savelolita.org  and protests like one in Miami where hundreds marched for the release of Lolita . Activists say they have a plan to move Lolita from Miami to a privately owned cove at San Juan Island in Washington . There , Lolita could be rehabilitated from captivity and taught to forage for her own food , says Goodman . The activists admit Lolita might never survive a release in the open ocean for a number of reasons . Keiko , from the movie "  Free Willy , " died only three years after being returned to the ocean . Miami Seaquarium says Lolita 's is not going anywhere . "  Lolita has been part of the Miami Seaquarium family for 44 years , " says Robert Rose , Miami Seaquarium Curator . "  Lolita is healthy and thriving in her home , where she shares her habitat with Pacific white-sided dolphins , " who perform two shows daily says the curator . Rose and NOAA say the endangered designation does not required the killer whale to be released back into the wild . Plus any such movement of a killer whale would need a NOAA Fishery permit and extensive review . "  We are going to do everything to protect her  Lolita  , " said the PETA attorney . That would include suing anyone who harms the endangered killer whale . What constitutes harm could ultimately be decided by a federal judge . Miami Seaquarium is one of the oldest marine parks in the United States , and activists say Lolita 's habitat is not big enough . They are suing the federal government for not enforcing the minimum size requirement . But the USDA tells the Seaquarium that the park exceeds minimum size requirements for the pool . PETA says even if Lolita ca n't be rehabilitated to return to the wild , the Washington state cove is much larger and her former killer whale pods will swim by her open water habitat . The Miami Seaquarium curator says there 's no proof Lolita could survive in such a habitat . "  It would be reckless to treat her life as an experiment and jeopardize her health and safety . " Opinion : Can a killer whale be a slave ?	Lolita is 49 and has been with the Miami Seaquarium , which says it intends to keep her there Animal rights activists still see the decision as a victory and hope to have the killer whale released
