CNN  -- Airline passengers left stranded by a freak snowstorm that pounded the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states were waiting to get to their destinations Sunday , many after spending a restless night on cots or airport floors . "  Whatever kind of system they had , it completely and utterly broke down , " said passenger Fatimah Dahandari , who spent a night in Hartford , Connecticut 's Bradley International Airport while trying to get to New York . "  It looks like a refugee camp in here . " More than 4 million people in at least five states were without power Sunday as the storm moved offshore . Up to five deaths , some in traffic accidents , were blamed on the storm . Dhandari said her Boston-to-New York flight diverted to Connecticut after being told there was a problem on a runway at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport and the JetBlue plane did not have enough fuel to continue circling . "  We land in Connecticut and then it was one series of problems after another , " she said . Her flight spent nine hours "  literally sitting on the runway " with no food and water , she said . Passengers were told the plane was waiting to refuel , then was waiting for a gate , then had to get behind another plane that had an emergency on board , she said . By the time it was her plane 's turn , the plane was snowed in and could not move , she said , so there was another wait to get a truck to tow it to the gate . Once she got into the airport , Dahandari said everything was closed , providing passengers with no food options . They were told that the hotels were booked , she said , and if they left the airport they could not come back in . She spent a night on the floor , and Sunday morning was standing in line with hundreds of others , hoping to receive a boarding pass and a spot on board a flight . Cell service inside the airport was spotty , she said , and "  everybody 's phones are dying . People are trading chargers and laptops . " Overall , she said , passengers have been calm . "  I keep waiting for somebody to freak out , but nobody is . " She said people were being courteous to airline employees , despite their irritation , as "  they 're kind of stuck here too . " The fashion consultant had hoped to attend two private Halloween parties in New York Saturday night that were important to her business , and planned to wear a $ 400 custom-made costume . "  Not only is this the worst traveling experience I 've ever had , it 's also the worst Halloween I 've ever had , " she said . JetBlue spokeswoman Victoria Lucia said in a statement Sunday that 17 flights were diverted on Saturday "  due to a confluence of events , including infrastructure issues in New York/JFK and Newark  New Jersey  . " Six of those flights were diverted to Hartford , the statement said . "  We worked with the airport to secure services , including remote deplaning and  lavatory  servicing , " Lucia said . "  Obviously , we would have preferred deplaning much sooner than we did , but our flights were six of the 23 reported diversions into Hartford , including international flights . " In addition , Bradley Airport "  experienced intermittent power outages , which made refueling and jetbridge deplaning difficult , " she said . "  We apologize to the customers impacted by this confluence of events , as it remains JetBlue 's responsibility to not simply provide safe and secure travel , but a comfortable experience as well . " Passengers will receive a refund on their flight , as well as a voucher for the same amount as their round-trip fare , Lucia said later Sunday . The airline said on its web site that it was waiving change or cancel fees , along with fare differences , for travelers in a handful of airports -- Hartford ; Newark , New Jersey ; Newburgh , New York ; New York from JFK or LaGuardia airports ; and Westchester County , New York . Passenger Mara Dhaerman was also stranded in Hartford and said her JetBlue flight , initially from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to Newark , New Jersey , spent nine hours on the tarmac in Connecticut . Passengers were told the plane was refueling , then de-icing , and that it was going to try to get back to Newark , but eventually a stairway was brought in and firefighters and troopers helped passengers deboard . She said she received a cot to sleep on about 1 a.m. Sunday . "  It 's just very annoying , " she said . CNN 's Richard Roth was among those stranded in Hartford . "  It 's been a tough night for everyone , " he said Sunday . JetBlue planned to fly three flights to JFK Sunday and one to Newark , he said passengers were told , along with at least one to LaGuardia . The storm prompted the closure of Newark International Aiport . Also in New Jersey , Teterboro Airport closed Saturday afternoon but reopened hours later , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The FAA also reported major delays of up to 5 hours or more at New York 's John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia airports on Saturday . As of 10 a.m. Sunday , the FAA was reporting no delays . Other forms of travel were also impacted . An Amtrak train with 48 passengers on board was stuck for nearly 13 hours when a rock slide resulting from the snow storm blocked the tracks near Palmer , Massachusetts , said Amtrak spokeswoman Vernae Graham . The train , which originated in Chicago , was headed for Boston when it was forced to stop about 10 p.m. Saturday , she said . A bus was sent to pick up the passengers , but did not arrive until nearly 11 a.m. Sunday . The buses took so long because of the weather and road conditions , she said . The train cars never lost heat or electricity , Graham said , and passengers were given complimentary food and beverages . "  It 's like a blizzard -- you ca n't see far at all , " Alban Ajro of Watertown , Connecticut , said Saturday night . "  This is the first time that I can ever recall this kind of storm happening before Halloween . " The early onslaught meant heaps of wet snow fell on trees still heavy with leaves -- adding to the risk of falling branches and downed power lines . In Philadelphia , Interstate 95 was closed Sunday morning after black ice caused some 30 cars to crash , authorities told CNN afiliate KYW . Two people were killed , the station said . At least three deaths on Saturday were linked to the unusual October snowstorm . An 84-year-old man was napping on his recliner in Temple , Pennsylvania , on Saturday when a part of a large , snow-filled tree fell into his house and killed him , according to a state police report . With numerous downed trees in the area , rescue crews took two hours to safely remove the victim , police said . A motorist died in Hebron , Connecticut , state emergency spokesman Scott Devico said . A third person was killed in Springfield , Massachusetts , when a man in his 20s ignored police barricades surrounding downed power lines and touched a metal guard rail , which was charged , said city fire department spokesman Dennis Legere . Snow buried parts of New Jersey and New York on Saturday , including 15.5 inches in West Milford , New Jersey , and 12 inches in Harriman , New York . Cities in West Virginia , Pennsylvania and Maryland saw more than 9 inches of snow in less than one day . iReport : Winter weather near you But the storm did little to deter Occupy Wall Street protesters , who camped out in tents coated with a layer of snow in New York 's Zuccotti Park . A day earlier , dozens of firefighters removed the group 's propane tanks and six generators , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said , citing fire hazards . That left the demonstrators to battle the cold weather seeping through their tents , blankets and sleeping bags . "  Occupy " demonstrators face bite of wintry storm The governors of New York , New Jersey , Connecticut and Massachusetts issued emergency declarations for their states . Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Sunday that some 40 shelters are open , in addition to places where people can go to warm up , take a shower or charge their phones . "  We are expecting record lows tonight ... which means we 're going to have some freezing conditions in the morning , " he said . Malloy added that authorities have left it up to municipal officials whether or not to postpone Halloween celebrations because of the storm . Sunday evening , the state 's largest utility -- Connecticut Light and Power -- reported nearly 788,000 customers were still without electricity . A total of about 807,500 households were in the dark in Connecticut . Elsewhere , about 1.9 million customers were without power Sunday in Pennsylvania ; 639,000 in Massachusetts ' 584,000 in New Jersey ; and 299,000 in New York , according to figures from power companies in those states . Thousands also lost power in Maryland , Virginia and West Virginia . CNN 's Miguel Susana , Chris Boyette ; Greg Morrison , Sara Weisfeldt , Elizabeth Cherneff , Susan Candiotti and Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : Conn. governor tells residents to expect record low temperatures More than 4 million people are without power JetBlue : Passengers are getting refunds , round-trip voucher As many as five people are killed
CNN  -- Oil coming ashore on the Gulf Coast has tourists keeping a close eye on conditions . States and visitors bureaus are working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida Small bits of tar were found at Henderson Beach State Park , just east of Destin , over the weekend , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  These were easily removed , and no further oil has been spotted , " said a post this week on the bureau 's website . The Emerald Coast area , which includes Destin , Fort Walton Beach and Okaloosa Island , is urging travelers to visit . "  Our white-sand beaches remain open and our emerald-green waters remain clear . In addition , offshore fishing is still going strong , with captains simply taking a more easterly course and reporting great success out on the water , " the site said . Destin Mayor Sarah "  Sam " Seevers told CNN a few , small tar balls came ashore this week but added that spotting occasional tar balls on the beach there is not unusual . "  We may go five years and not see any tar balls , and then we 'll see a few . That 's just a way of life on the Gulf of Mexico , Seevers said . Navarre Beach is open , including waters for fishing , according to the Santa Rosa County website . Oil sheen and tar balls have been reported on the Alabama-Florida state line and off Navarre Beach . iReport from Santa Rosa Beach The water at Pensacola Beach is open for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . The National Park Service reported heavier oiling at Perdido Key on Tuesday afternoon . A health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the visitors bureau website said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . The visitors bureau urges beachgoers to take precautions . "  According to -LSB- the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -RSB- , tar balls do not pose a health risk to the average person , but visitors are advised not to pick them up , " the website said . Gulf Islands National Seashore , Mississippi and Florida All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites are open , according to the National Park Service website . Light oil occurrences at Horn and Petit Bois islands in Mississippi and Fort Pickens and the Santa Rosa area in Florida have been cleaned up . Cleanup of heavier oiling at Perdido Key is ongoing . Health departments in both states urge people to avoid swimming in areas affected by the oil spill . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama In Alabama , the Department of Public Health has extended an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou or Old River . The beaches remain open . The U.S. Coast Guard has closed Perdido Pass , the main water access point to the town of Orange Beach . The pier at Gulf State Park in Gulf Shores is closed to fishing but open for sightseeing , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website , although most of the coast is unaffected . iReport from Grand Terre Island , Louisiana "  The primary affected area is from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east . Over 75 percent of Louisiana 's coastal waters extend westward from the mouth of the Mississippi River , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said . iReport from Grand Isle	Health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Visitors advised not to swim in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Pensacola Beach , Florida , waters open for swimming and fishing
CNN  -- A court hearing is scheduled Thursday in the case of a northern California couple accused of abducting Jaycee Dugard and holding her captive for more than 18 years in a ramshackle backyard compound . Phillip Garrido , 58 , and his wife , Nancy , 54 , are charged with 29 felony counts in the kidnapping of Dugard , who was 11 when she was snatched in 1991 from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California . The couple has pleaded not guilty . The hearing , scheduled for 1 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  at the El Dorado County Superior Court , is a procedural matter about witnesses in the case . Authorities say the Garridos held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years . She was 29 when she was found in August at the Garridos ' home in Antioch about 120 miles from her house . Garrido , a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest , is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . Dugard now lives in seclusion with her mother , Terry Probyn , and Dugard 's two daughters . Earlier this month , Judge Douglas Phimister denied a request by the Garridos to be able to see each other while they remain jailed . Instead , the judge ruled , the couple can have one five-minute phone conversation this month and in June . He also said that officials can monitor the calls . The judge did not offer a reason for denying the request . The prosecution had opposed the motion on security grounds . Authorities maintain Dugard does not want to speak to Garrido or his attorneys and have tried to keep her location a secret . In March , Dugard made her first public statement since the arrests of her alleged captors . "  Hi , I 'm Jaycee . I want to thank you for your support , and I 'm doing well , " Dugard said in a home video released exclusively to ABC News . "  It 's been a long haul , " said Dugard , "  but I 'm getting there . " The video showed Dugard baking cookies with her mother and playing with her dogs . "  We released this video so that you can see that we are happy and well -- when we have more to share , we will , " Probyn said in the home video . "  As a mother I am pleading for our privacy in this very public story . "	New hearing concerns a witness in the kidnapping case Phillip and Nancy Garrrido are accused of snatching Jaycee Dugard off street Dugard was 12 at the time , was kept captive 18 years Judge earlier ruled Garrido 's ca n't see each other in jail
CNN  -- As anti-American furor raged in the home of the Arab Spring , the top U.S. diplomat on Friday sternly warned countries where the unrest has been most pronounced : Stop the violence and seek justice against those attacking diplomatic missions , or else the United States will . From Morocco to Malaysia , thousands of Muslims have taken to the streets in recent days . Many have fumed over what Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described Friday as an "  awful Internet video that we had nothing to do with " -- an inflammatory anti-Islam film posted online this summer and publicized in recent days . The 14-minute film trailer , which was privately produced in the United States led by a man federal officials identified as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , mocks the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and ruthless killer . Protesters have n't all been violent , and they represent a fraction of their respective nations ' populations : In Egypt , a nation of more than 80 million people , a few thousand have clashed with security forces outside the U.S. embassy in Cairo . Still , confrontations have aggravated relations between the United States and other nations and led to several deaths -- including those of the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three others killed in an attack Tuesday in Benghazi , Libya . The U.N. Security Council issued a statement Friday voicing "  deep concern " over attacks on diplomatic posts , calling them "  unjustifiable regardless of their motivations . " Clinton said such assaults are misguided and fly in the face of the better society many in these countries recently fought for when they overthrew authoritarian rulers . "  The people of Egypt , Libya , Yemen and Tunisia did not trade the tyranny of a dictator for the tyranny of a mob , " she said Friday during a ceremony in which the bodies of the four killed in Benghazi returned to the United States . "  Reasonable people and responsible leaders in these countries need to do everything they can to restore security and hold accountable those behind these violent acts . And we will ... keep taking steps to protect our personnel around the world . " The contrast between then and now was especially evident in Tunisia , birthplace of the Arab Spring . Two years ago , the self-immolation of street vendor Mohamed Bouazizi set off popular unrest that soon led to the downfall of Tunisia 's longtime leader , President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali . On Friday , hundreds of demonstrators -- some belonging to the Salafi movement -- were back on the streets of Tunis , setting their sights on the U.S. Embassy . They burned cars , praised late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , stormed the embassy complex and replaced the U.S. flag with their own black banner , according to witnesses . A nearby American school was "  unusable " after being badly damaged , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . Two people were killed and more than 20 wounded , interim Tunisian President Al-Munsif Al-Marzouki said later Friday on state-run TV . While asserting the anti-Islam video that stirred outrage "  can not be justified by claims of freedom of opinion and speech "  and adding Tunisia plans to sue the filmmaker  , al-Marzouki condemned the "  irresponsible , unjustified acts of violence by protesters " who wrongly blamed the U.S. government for the film . New details emerge about mystery filmmaker Anti-American protests -- some peaceful , some violent -- were hardly confined to Tunisia . Here 's a breakdown of events Friday around the Muslim world : -- In the Egyptian capital of Cairo , a running battle between police and protesters continued into its fourth day . There was a peaceful demonstration at Tahrir Square , though unrest erupted outside the U.S. Embassy as riot police continued to clash sporadically with protesters . The Interior Ministry issued a statement saying 53 security officers were injured Friday , seven by birdshot . And birdshot was blamed for the death Friday of one protester , whom the Egyptian ministry described as an ex-convict with an extensive criminal record . Thirty of the 142 people arrested since the unrest began Tuesday remain in custody . Read more about clashes in Cairo -- In Egypt 's northern Sinai , Islamist Bedouins staged a protest , a security official said . Militants carrying automatic weapons breached a base housing international peacekeeping troops and burned trucks and a watch tower . The armed clashes injured at least four troops and an Islamist Bedouin . The 1,500-troop mission has supervised the security of the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty since 1979 . -- In Sudan 's capital , Khartoum , protesters got inside the compound with Germany and Britain 's embassies . They did not breach the British building , but some got into the German Embassy and pulled down a German flag before police with tear gas forced them to retreat . At least two people died after being run over by a police vehicle , reported the state-run SUNA news agency , calling their deaths "  an accident . " Fifty policemen were injured and protesters set a police car on fire , the report said , citing police forces . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden later Friday called his Sudanese counterpart , Ali Osman Taha , to "  express his concern " and press Sudan to protect diplomats and their facilities in the African nation . -- In Yemen , police opened fire to stop protesters from reaching the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa , eyewitnesses told CNN . Yemeni government forces were sent in and , by late in the day , surrounded the U.S. embassy compound , Nuland said . -- Afghanistan saw its first demonstrations Friday . Hundreds in eastern Nangarhar province burned a U.S. flag and chanted "  Death to America " and "  We condemn the film . " The demonstration lasted about an hour and ended peacefully , a local official said . The Afghan government has ordered an indefinite block of YouTube to prevent people there from watching the clips and staging violent protests . -- In Gaza , several thousand gathered after Friday prayers and chanted anti-American and anti-Israeli slogans and burned effigies of U.S. President Barack Obama . -- In Syria , hundreds of protesters outside the U.S. Embassy in Damascus waved placards condemning the film and blaming the U.S. administration for allowing it to be produced and broadcast , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . -- In Lebanon , hundreds took to the streets in the northern city of Tripoli , attacking and burning down a KFC restaurant . One person was killed and 25 others wounded in scuffles between protesters and security forces . There also were protests in Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , Turkey England , Israel , Nigeria , Malaysia , Bangladesh and India among other locales . Demonstrations were not unexpected : On Thursday , the FBI and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned there could be more violence "  at home and abroad as the film continues to gain attention . " And days before violent protests Tuesday in Egypt , the U.S. Embassy in Cairo was warned by the U.S. intelligence community of concerns about the anti-Islam film that sparked the uproar , a U.S. official told CNN . The cable sent to the embassy did not mention a specific threat . It only warned about the existence of the online movie and the fact that it was gaining attention . Jewish groups mad about early reports on anti-Islam film U.S. authorities have discounted as false a producer 's claims to news outlets that the filmmaker was an Israeli who made the movie with financing from more than 100 Jewish donors . Israel 's government denies that the film 's maker is Israeli . Despite the firm condemnation by U.S. government officials , some in the Muslim world -- especially those raised in regimes in which the government must authorize any film production -- can not accept that a movie like "  Innocence of Muslims " can be produced without being sanctioned by Washington , said Council of Foreign Relations scholar Ed Husain . "  They 're projecting ... their experience , their understanding  that  somehow the U.S. government is responsible for the actions of a right-wing fellow , " said Husain , a senior fellow at the New York think thank . Read Husain 's piece explaining dissent in Arab nations Latest on the investigation into U.S. ambassador 's killing Sources tracking militant Islamist groups in eastern Libya say the Tuesday attack that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens was most likely carried out by a pro-al Qaeda group . Four people have been arrested in connection with the attack , although they were not directly tied to the killings , said Monem Elyasser , the chief aide to Libya 's prime minister . Elyasser did not release identities or detail the allegations against the four in custody . The evidence leading to the arrests was based partly on witnesses , but "  mostly pictures that were taken around the compound at that time , " Libyan Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur told CNNI 's Christiane Amanpour . Mohammed al-Megaryef , president of Libya 's General National Congress , said he was "  100 % sure that  the attack  was preplanned , and it was carried out with the intention to inflict all this damage , all this havoc " -- including rocking relations between Libya and the United States . He called for "  the international community " to help Libyan security control militant groups behind such violence . Contrary to al-Megarye 's assertion , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Friday that U.S. authorities know of "  no actionable intelligence " that indicates the Benghazi attack "  was planned or imminent . " What Muslim nations ' leaders are saying -- and not -- about violence The United Nations has asked its non-Libyan staff to temporarily leave Benghazi and head to Tripoli as a "  precautionary measure , " said Radhia Achouri , head of the U.N. Mission in Libya . And since Tuesday 's assault , the U.S. has announced it will fly unmanned drones over Libya and dispatch two warships carrying guided missiles -- the first of which has already arrived off the coast of Libya . U.S. Marine teams have been dispatched to Libya as well as Yemen and Sudan to safeguard American diplomatic posts in those nations , according to U.S. officials . "  Although these security forces are equipped for combat , these movements have been undertaken solely for the purpose of protecting American citizens and property . These security forces will remain in Libya and in Yemen until the security situation becomes such that they are no longer needed , " Obama said . Have you witnessed the attacks ? Share your images , but stay safe CNN 's Harmeet Singh , Kareem Khadder , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Hamdi Alkhshali , Brian Walker and Elise Labott , and journalists Masoud Popalzai , Zied Mhirsi , Isma'il Kamal Kushkush contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. Security Council condemns attacks on diplomatic posts Muslims angry about an anti-Islam film protest in more than a dozen countries People "  did not trade the tyranny of a dictator for the tyranny of a mob , " Clinton says U.S. Marines have been dispatched to Libya , Yemen and Sudan , officials say
Tokyo  CNN  -- Even as Washington and Tokyo disagreed on the extent of the threat a damaged nuclear power plant poses , President Barack Obama told the Japanese prime minister Thursday that the United States will help Japan rebuild following last week 's devastating earthquake and tsunami . The two leaders had a 30-minute phone call at 10:30 a.m. Thursday  9:30 p.m. ET Wednesday  . During the phone call with Prime Minister Naoto Kan , Obama voiced sympathy for Japan 's plight . "  The president again conveyed his deep condolences at the tragic loss of life and the widespread suffering in northeastern Japan , " a White House statement on the call said . "  The president emphasized that the U.S. is determined to do everything possible to support Japan in overcoming the effects of the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck on March 11 . " Kan also briefed the president on the status of Japanese efforts to contain the nuclear emergency at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in the country 's northeast , the White House said . The developments came as the nations established significantly different radiation exposure warning zones . The U.S. military will not allow troops to get within 80 kilometers  50 miles  of the damaged plant . The Japanese government has told people to evacuate to at least 20 kilometers  12 miles  away from the damaged reactors . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Thursday it 's "  understandable " that the United States would make a "  more conservative decision " on the warning zone as it tries to protect its own citizens . He suggests that is , in part , because the United States is "  not directly controlling " the situation . Meanwhile , a Tokyo Electric Power company official said Thursday that -- based on information gathered from a helicopter that flew over the Fukushima facility on Wednesday -- authorities believe that there is water in a key fuel pool outside one of the plant 's most troubled reactors . Hours earlier , Gregory Jaczko , the head of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission , told Congress that spent fuel rods in Unit 4 of the plant had been exposed , resulting in the emission of "  extremely high " levels of radiation . Having water in the fuel pool is important because it helps absorb the radiation . The Fukushima complex lost its power Friday , after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake followed by a tsunami pounded northeastern Japan .	NEW : Japan and United States issue different radiation warning zones Obama emphasizes that the U.S. is determined to do everything possible to support Japan Kan briefs the president about efforts to contain the nuclear emergency at the Fukushima plant Kan and Obama talk for about 30 minutes
CNN  -- Jury questionnaires released Saturday revealed five of the jurors in O.J. Simpson 's Las Vegas , Nevada , robbery trial said they disagreed with the 1995 verdict where he was found not guilty of two murders . Jury questionnaires released in O.J. Simpson 's robbery trial reveal diverse work and life backgrounds . All 12 jurors had previously heard about Simpson and all but one knew about his acquittal 13 years ago in the Los Angeles , California , stabbing deaths of his former wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend , Ronald Goldman . One juror said he agreed that Simpson was not guilty while four said they were unsure . Another said she had "  no feelings . It is history . " One juror did not answer the question . The nine women and three men on the jury said in the questionnaire they would give Simpson , 61 , a fair trial on his latest charges . After 13 hours of deliberation Friday , the jurors found Simpson guilty on 12 charges of armed robbery and kidnapping in connection with the 2007 attempted heist of memorabilia he said had been stolen from him . The verdict came 13 years to the day after his acquittal in Los Angeles . Watch O.J. verdict being read " A look at the 116-question document gives a glimpse of the jury 's make-up : Read juror questionnaire : 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 -- Ages were pretty evenly spread with three jurors in their 30s , three in their 40s , two in their 50s and four in their 60s . -- Seven of the jurors are married or remarried . Two are single or never married . Two are living with a partner and one is divorced . -- One juror said she speaks Spanish ; another one Greek . -- Four jurors have bachelor 's degrees and another seven said they have attended some college or vocational school . One is a high school graduate . -- Eleven jurors were white ; one identified herself as Hispanic . -- Seven jurors said a family member had spent time in jail . At least three of those involved an arrest for DUI . One juror said a friend is serving eight years in prison for car theft and possession of a gun . Another said her husband and son had spent time in jail . One juror said she was detained in a holding cell for two days before it was determined she was not involved . -- Eleven jurors said neither they nor a family member had been the victim of a serious crime , but one juror said a cousin was murdered in Houston , Texas . -- All the jurors said they had previously heard of Simpson . One remembered Simpson from his 1968 Heisman Trophy days as a running back at the University of Southern California . Others remembered him a professional football player . Two said they remembered seeing Simpson in TV commercials when they were children . A couple of others mentioned Simpson 's arrest in Los Angeles . "  A long time ago . I believe he was being chased down on a freeway . That 's about all I know , " one said . -- Four jurors had previously lived in California ; one for 55 years and was a resident during Simpson 's murder trial . Another lived there for 48 years . All four had lived in the Las Vegas area for at least nine years . -- Their occupations include : teller , retail , reservations center manager , underwriter , preschool teacher , heating and air-conditioning serviceman , pharmaceutical sales representative . One said she was unemployed ; another said he is retired .	11 jurors in O.J. Simpson trial knew about 1995 acquittal on murder charges Jury finds Simpson guilty of all counts in 2007 sports memorabilia heist Seven jurors said a family member had spent time in jail Eleven jurors were white ; one Hispanic
CNN  -- Jihad Azour  JA  was hand-picked by Lebanon 's Prime Minister to steer the country 's economy in 2005 . Finance Minister , Jihad Azour , talks about how the political deadlock may affect the Lebanon 's future MME 's Charles Hodson  CH  has a frank conversation with the country 's finance minister about how the ongoing political upheaval may impact on Lebanon 's future . Plus , Azour who is a key figure in compiling the country 's budget shares his insights into economic growth and the government 's ongoing reform program . CH  : With the uncertainty in your region , and your neighbors in particular , Syria and Iran , Iraq and clearly Israel , where is the growth going to come from in Lebanon over the next few years ? JA  : Growth will come in Lebanon from high-value added services and industries . This is a country where in fact talent is driving growth and the economy . We do n't have natural resources . We have , in fact , the best resource which is the brains of the Lebanese . We are very well positioned in the region as you know at a crossroads between various economies . Therefore , we project that growth , as soon as the political situation improves , can reach easily seven to eight percent . CH  : You 've talked about the reform process and said that of 300 odd measures which you plan , about 123 have already been achieved . What are the next major steps going to be along this road to reform ? JA  : In fact , it showed that one third of the reform measures were introduced in the first year of a five year reform program , which is a good track record . And by the way , the International Monetary Fund in assessing the implementation of our reform program is very much satisfied with the results Lebanon is achieving despite a very challenging political and security environment in Lebanon . In less than nine months we were able to move ahead with one third of our reform agenda . We were not really navigating in calm waters -- on the contrary . The region was not also in the best environment and the international markets were not conducive with the increase in oil prices and international interest rates . But despite all of that , we are on track when it comes to our reform agenda . CH  : You 've also signed an agreement with the World Bank to cut red tape , to decrease bureaucracy in order to make it easier for companies to come in . How do you plan to improve the climate for investors in Lebanon ? JA  : First of all , we are working on several reforms and changing the legal framework . We have sent to Parliament more than 10 different pieces of legislation to improve the business environment . Privatization will also play a great role in improving and attracting additional investment to Lebanon . In addition , there are a certain number of doing business measures that we are changing in Lebanon . Lebanon , as you know , is one of the most attractive platforms for business and for trade in the region . We want to bring it back as a center for excellence , as a center for finance , as a center for trade , as a center for business in the whole Middle East region . CH  : So it 's very much , it 's that old role that you always traditionally had -- a kind of Switzerland of the Middle East . Do you seriously think that you can get that back , that you can attract those sort of sectors - or have they already gone down the road to Dubai ? JA  : Of course we can . In fact , we 're not competing . We believe that everybody can has their own chance . You know activities like technology , like media , advertising services , financial services , even industry . Lebanon and the Lebanese entrepreneurs are very well equipped to compete in the region . The diaspora is huge and it 's very successful and many of them are interested in coming back and investing in Lebanon . CH  : You say , as soon as the situation improves . JA  : A lot of it seems to be on hold until the political situation changes , particularly in terms of bringing the diaspora back home and harnessing it to the Lebanese economy . JA  : We were able to maintain the stability in Lebanon despite the challenging political and security environment we 're living through today . We were also able to keep attention on investment in Lebanon . Of course , we 're expecting much more investment . In fact , we 're expecting to be one of the best destinations for investment in the Middle East . This is what the figures were showing in early 2006 . The political uncertainty , it is hurting us . But I think what makes Lebanon unique is despite all these difficulties , the system is still holding . There is financial stability despite the macroeconomic imbalances . We were less hurt than other emerging markets after the crisis of the international capital markets . Still , we see a lot of appetite in investing in Lebanon in the real estate . And you know , many Arab and non-Arab investors are very bullish on Lebanon . E-mail to a friend	MME 's Charles Hodson sits down with Lebanon 's Finance Minister , Jihad Azour Azour was hand-picked by the Prime Minister to run the economy in 2005 He talks frankly about how political upheaval could affect Lebanon 's future And shares his insights into economic growth and the government 's reform plans
CNN  -- Milton might be dead on "  The Walking Dead , " but actor Dallas Roberts  who portrayed the Governor 's one-time lackey  is very glad to be alive -- and finally able to talk about the show 's season three finale . "  You ca n't imagine the pressure that 's finally off , " he said . "  I 'm finally able to have all the cards on the table . " Before Sunday night , Roberts had only told three  OK , maybe four  people about how Milton would become a walker , keeping the list limited to his girlfriend , his kids , and maybe a trusted friend who lived near where they shot the show in Atlanta . "  I may have taken an authorized photo of myself as a walker , and I may have sent that to him under threat of dismemberment if he passed that along , " Roberts said . "  But the last thing you want to do is spoil season three of ` The Walking Dead ' where you turn into a zombie and kill Andrea ! " Laurie Holden shares final thoughts on her ` Walking Dead ' experience Turning into a zombie meant Roberts finally got his turn in the chair in the "  more bloody and gross " makeup trailer reserved for walkers . All season long , Milton has been kept squeaky clean , raising serious questions such as , "  Where is he sending his dry cleaning ? " Roberts laughed . "  How is he showering three times a day ? Where is he getting all his razors ? " "  From the beginning , they were like , ` No sexy dirt on him . He 's always clean . He 's always tucked in , ' " Roberts continued . "  I was like , ` Wow , there 's something about this that 's going to go somewhere . ' And nope ! He 's just the clean guy . No sexy dirt for me . Milton never got the sexy anything , did he ? " But for the few scenes in the finale , Roberts was sexy , dirty , bloody , the whole shebang , as Milton was left in a locked room to turn and "  tear the flesh from  Andrea 's  bones , " whether he liked it or not . That scene meant he got to go through a lot of emotional turmoil , "  knowing she 's going to be taken out , knowing it 's over , and everything he worked for is going to die , and someone he cared for is going to die . " What 's inside a walker ? Cast , producer spill their guts Milton did n't imagine that he would be "  used as a tool to take Andrea out " as well , and if he had , "  he would have behaved differently , " Roberts said . "  I think he thought there would be a bullet in his head , and that 's it . " In the original plan for the scene , there actually was a bullet involved , but during the reshoot , it was changed to a stabbing . Either way , Milton had to collapse , he said , "  in a pool of fake viscous blood that sort of cooled and crackled for hours and hours and hours . " To make shooting that part of the finale a little easier , his co-star David Morrissey kept him in stitches beforehand with some "  gallows humor . " "  Before the door opened and he throws me to my knees , he and I were crying , laughing , at the jokes we were making , " Roberts said . "  I can promise you that they were completely inappropriate , and that they were hilarious . After a while , it was n't even that it was funny as much as that we needed to straighten up before that door opened . It was like laughing in church , or laughing in school . " But no matter how much fun he had on set , do n't expect Milton to be back in the form of flashbacks or visions a la Lori for Rick . "  I do n't think anyone wants the Governor to see Milton in a white dress on a balcony ! " Roberts laughed .  Plus Roberts just landed a regular gig on "  Unforgettable " and remains a recurring guest star on "  The Good Wife . " Besides , assuming he was on the outs , Roberts swiped a beaker that Milton used to use . "  I was n't going to take the clothes , for sure , " he said . "  I mean , they were great clothes for Milton , but not for Dallas . Pleated khakis ! "	Dallas Roberts portrayed the Governor 's one-time lackey , Milton , on "  The Walking Dead " Turning into a zombie meant getting his turn in the "  more bloody and gross " makeup trailer There was a bullet involved in the original plan for the scene , but it was changed to a stabbing
CNN  -- Intrepid travelers need not leave the United States to find distinctive cities , spectacular open spaces and wide beaches to explore . Lonely Planet 's top 10 U.S. destinations for 2014 are all available without clearing customs , including long-beloved destinations , spots commemorating important events in 2014 and significant regional spots that deserve your attention . "  Lonely Planet 's top U.S. destinations is an annual list of places that travelers should add to their wish lists specifically for the coming year . They 're not necessarily the must-see places , lest New York City be on the list every year , " says Emily Wolman , Lonely Planet editor-at-large . "  We dig deeper and shine a light on destinations that are emerging , perhaps historically overlooked , and/or experiencing something wonderful in the coming year . These destinations are n't necessarily where U.S. travelers are going in 2014 , but where they should go in 2014 . " The list is more art than science . To compile the annual list , Lonely Planet asks its U.S. staff and authors for urban and nature recommendations , well-known and lesser-known spots and locations that have a timely angle for 2014 , says Wolman . "  From there , our editors whittle down the list to ten , and a natural order emerges . " Since working Americans do n't get as much vacation time as their European counterparts , consider using your limited vacation days to explore Lonely Planet 's top destinations right here at home . Here are the 10 spots that came out on top : 1 . Grand Rapids and Lake Michigan 's Gold Coast It 's such an overlooked part of the Midwest , says Wolman , and so deserving of attention by travelers who love art , beer and food and the beach . The second-largest city in Michigan , Grand Rapids has beer and food festivals almost year round , perhaps inspired by more than 25 craft breweries in the area . It has a beautiful art scene , including the LEED-certified Grand Rapids Art Museum and Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park . From Grand Rapids , it 's an easy 30-mile drive to Michigan 's Gold Coast , "  one of the United States ' most unexpected beach getaways , " says Wolman , at least to folks outside the Midwest . Enjoy the sugar white sand beaches , orchards , cider houses and wineries . Take a dip , and have a drink . 2 . Yosemite National Park , California With 3.8 million visitors last year , the third-most visited national park in the country is well-known among park lovers and novices alike . Yet the federal government shutdown and Rim Fire hurt the park and surrounding communities that depend on park visitors for their survival . Add to that a reason to celebrate : the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln 's signing of the Yosemite Grant , giving the Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove to California to be administered . Yosemite was turned into a national park in 1890 . The grant is widely seen as a precursor to the creation of the National Park Service in 1916 . "  Yosemite is celebrating that with a bunch of preservation efforts , " says Wolman . "  It 's a good time for the nation 's and world 's gaze to be on Yosemite . It 's one of the most majestic parks in the U.S. " 3 . Boston , Massachusetts The eyes of the world will be on Boston next year , as thousands descend upon the historic city to run and support the Boston Marathon come Monday , April 21 -- Patriots ' Day in Massachusetts . It will be the first running of the marathon since the Boston bombing on April 15 , 2013 . Fans of this New England city also know that U.S. history comes alive on the Freedom Trail , and walkers can include a stop at the Bell in Hand Tavern , the nation 's oldest tavern , along the way . "  The past in Boston is always very much alive , " says Wolman . 4 . Central Coast , California While many visitors in the know have experienced the beauty of the area from Santa Cruz to Santa Barbara , it can be ignored as flyover country between San Francisco and Los Angeles . "  It 's quintessential California at its best , " says Wolman . "  The weather is generally gorgeous , and even when it 's foggy , it is still romantic . " Check out the Pacific Ocean driving along Highway 1 and stop by the gorgeous inns and restaurants hugging the coast . Stay on the Monterey Peninsula and enjoy the Monterey Bay Aquarium during its 30th anniversary year . Explore Paso Robles wine country -- it rivals Sonoma and Napa , says Wolman . 5 . Jersey Shore , New Jersey With Superstorm Sandy last year and the boardwalk fire this year , the Jersey Shore has been through the wringer . The storm caused monumental damage , but there has been an incredible effort to revitalize . From Sandy Hook to the north and Cape May to the south , you will find kitchy towns , classy towns and everything in between , says Wolman . "  As recovery efforts continue , it 's important to have tourism in 2014 . We encourage people to go , and there 's a lot of family fun . " Top U.S. travel destinations for 2013 6 . Kansas City , Missouri Kansas City has its barbecue , of course -- more than 100 spots to celebrate its culinary accomplishments in that area . Yet there is so much more to Kansas City . "  It 's another one of those cities in the central swath of the United States that is often overlooked , " says Wolman . "  It 's really wide open and inviting , with 200 fountains , jazz and barbecue . It also has a very vibrant African-American community . " The city will be in the spotlight in 2014 with the 100th anniversary of the start of World War I . The city 's National World War I Museum at Liberty Memorial , which is getting a $ 5 million makeover , will shine the spotlight on the Great War . 7 . Cumberland Island , Georgia Cumberland Island is a magical Southern getaway , a national seashore that 's part of a collection of sea islands on the Southeast 's Atlantic coast . One of the most underdeveloped places in the United States , there 's room for backcountry camping among the mossy oaks and wild turkeys . For a bit of history , visit the First African Baptist Church  which dates back to 1893  and the ruins of a Carnegie mansion . "  It 's otherworldly , " says Wolman . "  If you have the opportunity to stay overnight  there 's an old inn  , you 'll have the place to yourself . It 's off the beaten path , a magical Southern natural getaway . " 8 . Las Vegas , Nevada Of course Las Vegas is about casinos , but it 's not all about casinos . "  We chose Vegas this year because it is reinventing itself , " says Wolman . There are vibrant art districts popping up and attracting visitors in their own right . On the Vegas Strip itself , the "  High Roller " Ferris wheel is scheduled to open with great views of the city in 2014 . 9 . Sun Valley , Idaho While the crowds travel to Colorado 's famed ski slopes , those looking for a less expensive and crowded vacation might want to head to Sun Valley . "  It 's a perfect alternative to places that can be more expensive , " says Wolman . "  It 's a gorgeous setting with the Sawtooth Mountains , culinary events , great food and world class skiing and a lot of hiking in summer . It 's really mellow , with no crowds or lift lines . " 10 . Lanai , Hawaii An often overlooked , really unique speck of paradise , with old shipwrecks and petroglyphs , most of the island was recently purchased by Oracle founder and billionaire Larry Ellison . "  It will be interesting to see how the island transforms over the next few years , but it 's worth seeing now before it transforms , " says Wolman . "  There 's snorkeling and diving without the crowds . It 's a real slice of Hawaiian life . " Lonely Planet 's top destinations around the world for 2014 What spots would you add to this top 10 list of U.S. destinations ? Please share in the comments below .	Midwestern beaches and brew deserve your attention next year A city known for barbecue and jazz will host a more somber commemoration in 2014 The Jersey Shore is back and welcoming visitors to its beach communities
Erbil , Iraq  CNN  -- Along the road in the semi-autonomous Iraqi region of Kurdistan frozen oil bleeds out of the rock face . For Todd Kozel , CEO of the independent oil and gas exploration and production company Gulf Keystone , it was an irresistible lure at the time few were daring to invest in Kurdistan . But not all is well in Kurdistan and old arguments with Baghdad over oil power and revenue are likely to loom large as U.S. forces withdraw from the country . Kozel says Kurdistan offers opportunity . "  To be able to compete with majors we have to be able to go places and do things and try to find opportunities that are unconventional , " he says . "  After that first visit , I never looked back . After visiting Kurdistan in June of 2006 and literally seeing oil running down rocks at a road cut , I was just fascinated . I had to be here and I had to participate . " At the site where it all began , Shaikhan 1 , drill manager Michael Chisnall remembers the day they realized they had hit it big . "  As we carried on the drilling process it was one of those things where I use to say to Todd or send an email everyday with an operational update that we have a big problem . We just can not stop finding oil . " Initially they had estimated the Shaikhan field held about a billion barrels of oil . "  It 's turned out to be something that we never would have dreamed , that it would be this size . It 's now an oil field of 8-13 .5 billion barrels and that 's one of the largest oil fields covered in this part of the world in history , " Kozel says . The risk he took turned out to be well worth the reward . "  Our market capital was 45 million pounds  about $ 70 million  in August of 2009 . Our market cap right now is 1.6 billion pounds as a result of the Shaikhan discovery . " Others have been just as intoxicated by the potential that Kurdistan holds . Oil rigs are mushrooming all over the hills , on the outskirts of cities . The exploration is entirely driven by and reliant on foreign companies able to shoulder the risk . Exxon Mobil , the first of the majors , recently signed its own deal for six plots . It was a deal that elated the Kurdistan Regional Government  KRG  but it left the central government in Baghdad fuming as oil once again ended up mired in Iraqi politics . The KRG signs profit sharing deals , much to the ire of Baghdad -- which only signs service contracts and views the KRG deals as illegal and unconstitutional . Iraq still does n't have a hydrocarbons -- or oil and gas -- law . While both sides agree that some revenues are funneled back to the central government , the dispute is over power and authority to sign contracts and the type of contract . Both sides are so far unable to come to an agreement , and Baghdad blacklists any company that signs a deal with the KRG . On December 5 , the Iraqi Cabinet approved a revised draft budget for 2012 of 117 trillion dinars  $ 100 billion  , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said in a statement released on Thursday . Projected income estimates exports of 2.6 million barrels of oil per day including 175,000 barrels a day from the Kurdish Autonomous Region . The heightened tensions manifested themselves at a recent oil and gas conference in the capital of Kurdistan , Erbil . The Prime Minister of the KRG , Barham Salih addressed the conference , emphasizing : "  I also say to our partners in Baghdad very clearly , Kurdistan has a constitutional right to develop its own oil resources . " Speaking on behalf of Baghdad , Moaffak al-Rubaei , former national security advisor slammed back calling the deal illegal , threatening to ban and sue the oil giant . "  In Baghdad some people view this contract to be targeting the federal government , to weaken the federal government and it has some political connotations . " But the Kurds will not be stopped . "  Development of oil resources in Kurdistan is a contribution to the Iraqi economy , " Salih told CNN . "  But there is also one other factor . Our recent history is very instructive . There is no way that we will be dissuaded from our constitutional right to developing our resources and allow ourselves to ever again become hostages to the whims of some bureaucrats in Baghdad . We 've been there before . Oil was used to strangle our people , to commit genocide . " In the late 1980s Saddam Hussein led a vicious Arabization campaign against the Kurds , forcibly displacing them from their homes and replacing them with Arabs . Entire villages were razed to the ground . Other places like Halabja were gassed with deadly chemical agents . There is a continuing territorial dispute between the region of Kurdistan and the rest of Iraq , which is under the command of the predominantly Shi'a Arab central government in Baghdad . The current Kurd-Arab tensions do n't just center around land , but what 's underneath it . Billions and billions of barrels of black gold are in disputed territories , like the oil rich city of Kirkuk , all of which lends to the volatility . The Kurds for their part are extremely worried about the vulnerable state that the U.S. is leaving Iraq in . "  There is one fundamental topic for Iraq , one fundamental challenge , " Salih says . "  Where do you want to be 10 years from now ? Would we want to risk another centralized dictatorship with access to oil resources and turn it into weapons and tear into the communities and the people of Iraq here again ? Absolutely not . " Iraq 's tantalizing oil wealth could very easily turn from a blessing into a curse .	Fight brewing over who has the rights to sign oil contracts for Iraq 's Kurdish region Exxon Mobil signed a deal with the Kurdish regional government that Baghdad says is illegal Gulf Keystone says it is working an oil field of at least 8 billion barrels -- one of the largest oil fields covered in this part of the world As Kurds insist they should sign the oil contracts , they also remember Saddam Hussein attempts to wipe out their communities
CNN  The United States is now working on the assumption that Charlie Hebdo attacker Said Kouachi met American terrorist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki at some point in Yemen and received orders from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  to carry out an attack , a U.S. official tells CNN . The official said Kouachi 's motivation for waiting so long -- possibly since 2011 -- to launch an attack was not clear . U.S. officials Sunday said American authorities do n't have evidence yet directly linking AQAP to specifically ordering the Paris attack last week at the offices of the satirical magaine . "  We do n't have credible information , at least as yet , to indicate who was responsible , who sponsored this act . That is clearly one of the things that we have to make a determination of , " Attorney General Eric Holder told CNN 's Gloria Borger on "  State of the Union . " French security agencies had been monitoring Said Kouachi and his brother , Cherif , but stopped months before the two carried out the attack that left 12 people dead . The French monitoring faded despite a previous tip-off from American intelligence agencies that one of them had likely trained with al Qaeda in Yemen , a French news magazine reported Saturday . Said Kouachi is suspected of slipping off for terror training in Yemen during a trip he made with another French national to Oman between July 25 and August 15 in 2011 , according to multiple French officials who spoke to L'Express national security reporter Eric Pelletier . Pelletier shared the details of his reporting with CNN . Peter Bergen : Even from grave , al-Awlaki inspires terrorism U.S. agencies developed intelligence suggesting a high probability that Said Kouachi slipped across to Yemen during the trip to Oman and informed their French counterparts , according to Pelletier 's French sources . The French immediately responded by placing Said Kouachi under surveillance in late November 2011 by issuing a "  Fiche de Surveillance " -- a surveillance notice , multiple French officials told Pelletier . The surveillance was conducted by both DGSI -- France 's domestic security service -- and later by the judicial police . Wiretaps were authorized for his cell phones and that of his brother Cherif . A U.S. official told CNN last week that the initial assessment was that Said Kouachi 's 2011 travel lasted three or more months and that he is believed to have trained with al Qaeda in Yemen during that period . But the surveillance of Said was terminated in June 2014 because French security services judged him no longer dangerous , Pelletier was told . The surveillance of Cherif Koachi stopped earlier -- at the end of 2013 . Cherif 's phone calls suggested he had disengaged with violent extremism and was focusing on counterfeiting clothing and shoes . French intelligence authorities believe there is a strong probability Cherif also traveled to Yemen for a short trip in 2011 . A U.S. official told CNN they are still corroborating information that Cherif also went to Yemen , but they have no reason to doubt the French government . Pelletier 's sources said Cherif 's wife told French authorities after the Paris attack that her husband traveled to Oman together with Said in the summer of 2011 , but French security services have yet not been able to confirm the brothers made the trip together . Pelletier 's sources said that Cherif Kouachi was already under some form of control order in France at the time . He had previously served a prison sentence , after being convicted of terror offenses in 2008 for being part of a recruitment network for al Qaeda in Iraq . But the control order had been placed on him after he was implicated in a plot to break an Algerian terrorist from prison . Pelletier said it was not clear what type of control order he was under . Some require the surrender of passports , while others require regularly reporting to designated officials . Morten Storm , a former jihadist who became a double agent working for Western intelligence services , told CNN that training trips such as Kouachi 's were a regular part of operations for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula when the terror group 's external operations head was al-Awlaki , an American imam . Recruits were told to return home and avoid any appearance of radicalization . "  And that is what Anwar al-Awlaki had asked me for in the past to get brothers , i.e. , Muslim terrorists , to get them over , " Storm told Robertson . "  But the condition was that they had to have a clean passport and they had to have a clean name . They do not have to be under any sort of radars or surveillance or interest by the government . So , they had to be totally clean from that . " Al-Awlaki was killed by a U.S. drone strike on September 30 , 2011 . CNN 's Tim Lister and Nic Robertson contributed to this report	Said Kouachi is suspected of slipping off to Yemen for terror training during a 2011 trip to Oman , sources say French surveillance on the Kouachi brothers faded months before the Paris attacks last week
CNN  -- Each year , Grammy Week offers up a full calendar of events -- each one boasting a guest list more spectacular than the next . But this year , the most coveted ticket was Friday night 's "  2013 MusiCares Person of the Year Tribute " honoring Bruce Springsteen . The evening 's entertainment featured six Rock and Roll Hall of Famers , a few critically acclaimed young artists -- and The Boss himself . Neil Young and Crazy Horse turned up the volume with a spirited version of "  Born in the U.S.A , " flanked by a pair of cheerleaders with the letter "  S " emblazoned on their sweaters . Colombian superstar Juanes put a bilingual spin on "  Hungry Heart , " singing verses in both Spanish and English , and John Legend transformed "  Dancing in the Dark " into a jazzy piano ballad , which led Springsteen to later remark that "  he made me sound like Gershwin . I love that . " Other standout performances included Mumford & Sons ' banjo-laced cover of "  I 'm on Fire , " Tom Morello and Jim James ' mesmerizing take on "  The Ghost of Tom Joad , " and country superstar Kenny Chesney 's quietly effective rendition of "  One Step Up . " Elton John also opted for simplicity , accompanied only by his piano on "  Streets of Philadelphia . " But the most curious vocal of the night was on "  Lonesome Day , " where Sting exhibited a raspy growl that suggested he was looking to honor Springsteen by sounding like him . The evening was part all-star concert , part fundraiser to benefit the MusiCares Foundation , the Recording Academy 's philanthropic arm that provides assistance to members of the music industry . "  We take care of our own , " said Springsteen , invoking the title of a song off his current Grammy-nominated album , "  Wrecking Ball . " When a live auction featuring a signed guitar was n't generating enough interest , Springsteen took the microphone and upped the ante , throwing in a free guitar lesson with himself as the teacher , a ride in the side car of his Harley , eight tickets to the E Street concert of their choice , a backstage tour and lasagna made by his 87-year-old mother , Adele . A woman from New Jersey snapped it up for $ 250,000 , then proceeded to kiss Springsteen on his lips . The 63-year-old music icon was honored for his philanthropic work , as well as his musical achievements . "  I am here tonight under totally false pretenses , " he told the crowd of 3,000 packed into a ballroom at the Los Angeles Convention Center . "  Any philanthropy I 've done involves me playing the guitar ... and I would have been playing the guitar anyway . " He then took the stage , launching into "  We Take Care of Our Own , " "  Death to My Hometown , " "  Thunder Road " and "  Born to Run . " For his finale , Springsteen called for every musician in the building to join him onstage for "  Glory Days . " Neil Young grabbed a couple of drumsticks and banged on a snare , while Tim McGraw , Faith Hill , Patti Smith , Sting , Jackson Browne , Emmylou Harris , Mumford & Sons , Ben Harper , Tom Morello and host Jon Stewart joined in the singalong . Also spotted in the audience : Springsteen 's daughter , his mother and Sean Penn. . 2013 MusiCares set list : Alabama Shakes , "  Adam Raised a Cain " Patti Smith , "  Because the Night " Natalie Maines , Ben Harper and Charlie Musselwhite , "  Atlantic City " Ken Casey  from Dropkick Murphys  , "  American Land " Mavis Staples and Zac Brown , "  My City of Ruins " Mumford & Sons , "  I 'm on Fire " Jackson Brown and Tom Morello , "  American Skin  41 Shots  " Emmylou Harris , "  My Hometown " Kenny Chesney , "  One Step Up " Elton John , "  Streets of Philadelphia " Juanes , "  Hungry Heart " Tim McGraw and Faith Hill , "  Tougher Than the Rest " Tom Morello and Jim James , "  The Ghost of Tom Joad " John Legend , "  Dancing in the Dark " Sting , "  Lonesome Day " Neil Young , "  Born in the U.S.A. " Bruce Springsteen , "  We Take Care of Our Own " Bruce Springsteen and Tom Morello , "  Death to My Hometown " Bruce Springsteen , "  Thunder Road " Bruce Springsteen , "  Born to Run " Bruce Springsteen and friends , "  Glory Days "	Bruce Springsteen was named MusiCares ' Person of the Year All-star concert and fundraiser benefits the Recording Academy 's philanthropic arm The Boss ups ante , offers guitar lesson , motorcycle ride and his mom 's lasagna Among tribute-makers : Neil Young , Elton John , Sting , Patti Smith , John Legend
Woodward , Oklahoma  CNN  -- The death toll from a weekend tornado in Woodward , Oklahoma rose to six Monday with the death of a critically injured man in the hospital , a city official said . The man , whose name has not been released , died at a hospital in Amarillo , Texas , about 160 miles away , Woodward emergency manager Matt Lehenbauer said . His wife remains hospitalized in critical condition , Lehenbauer said . The storm struck after midnight Sunday , taking aim at the Hidden Valley Mobile Home Park in Woodward , killing Frank Hobbie and his two young daughters , ages 5 and 7 . Two other victims , Derrin Juul and a 10-year-old girl presumed to be Juul 's daughter , died when powerful winds rolled their car several times , Woodward Mayor Roscoe Hill said . The Woodward storm was one of dozens of tornadoes believed to have been spawned by a furious storm system that wreaked havoc across large swaths of 10 states in the Midwest and Plains over the weekend . The only known casualties occurred in the northern Oklahoma city of about 12,000 , about 85 miles west of Enid . At least 29 people were injured , officials said . By early Monday , the National Weather Service lifted the last of widespread tornado watches in Minnesota , Wisconsin , Arkansas , Iowa and Illinois after threats of another furious outbreak of tornadoes never materialized . Strong thunderstorms remained a possibility during the early morning hours , the service said . The weather service 's Storm Prediction Center received 10 reports of tornadoes Sunday -- the last a reported touchdown in McLeod County in Minnesota -- and 122 reports of tornadoes Saturday . Officials credited working early warning systems elsewhere in the region with preventing more fatalities . Advisories from the system were issued two days in advance , rather than just hours , and were "  remarkably accurate , " said Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback . "  People took it very seriously . " But in Woodward , Oklahoma , where 89 homes and 13 businesses were destroyed , the storm took out the transmitter for the tornado warning siren system . "  We lost our manual override " when the electricity was knocked out , City Manager Alan Riffel said . Given that and timing of the tornado -- after midnight , and after other severe weather had barreled through -- Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said , the human cost could have been even worse . "  It 's remarkable that we did n't have more loss of life in Woodward , " she said late Sunday afternoon . Fallin has declared a state of disaster emergency in 12 counties in order to help expedite resources . In southwest Iowa , residents of Thurman were digging through debris after a tornado struck Saturday . "  About 75 % of the homes are damaged or destroyed , " said Mike Crecelius , Fremont County 's emergency management director . Four truckers whose rigs were blown off Interstate 29 , by the same tornado that struck Thurman , were the only ones hospitalized with storm-related injuries , the weather service said . The agency reported the twister had winds between 111 and 135 mph as it caused a half-mile-long damage path over 10 miles . Earlier , a confirmed tornado struck a hospital in Creston , Iowa , blowing out windows and damaging the roof , said John Benson of the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management agency . There were no major injuries reported , and patients were relocated to other area hospitals . One of the biggest cities hit over the weekend was Wichita , Kansas , where resident Katie Sykes said torrential rains produced a "  river in my front yard " and the prospect of a tornado had her shuddering in fear . "  When I was little , we prepared for storms , hearing the sirens and then going to the basement . And going through this experience , I felt like a little kid , young and scared , " Sykes said . A tornado churned across the southern part of the city , home to a number of aircraft-related manufacturers . The tornado struck Boeing and Sprit AeroSystems , officials said . A few hundred employees were working at a Spirit Aero Systems plant , producing fuselages and other equipment for Boeing aircraft , said company spokesman Ken Evans , when a twister came through and caused the roof to collapse . No one was injured , and workers have been told not to come in until Wednesday as the damage is assessed . CNN 's Rob Marciano reported from Oklahoma and Maria P. White from Atlanta .	NEW : Death toll rises to six in Woodward , Oklahoma Authorities from Texas to Minnesota are assessing storm damage In Oklahoma , residents are preparing to bury the only known storm casualties Tornado warnings are lifted , though forecasters warn strong thunderstorms are still likely
CNN  -- For most folks , the tune rolling through their heads Thursday might be called the "  Day After Powerball Blues . " But somewhere in Missouri and in Arizona , a few folks might have The O'Jays ' "  For the Love of Money " on their minds . You know ... "  Money , money , money , money ... money ! " That 's because two tickets for the record-breaking Powerball jackpot -- $ 587.5 million -- were sold in those states . The winning numbers were 5 , 23 , 16 , 22 and 29 , and the Powerball was 6 . We do n't yet know who the winners are , but Missouri lottery officials said the winning ticket in that state was sold at a Trex Mart store in Dearborn , about 30 miles north of Kansas City . Missouri lottery officials will announce their jackpot winner or winners at a news conference Friday morning . The winning Arizona ticket was sold at the Four Sons Food Store in Fountain Hills , state lottery spokeswoman Karen Bach said . The winner has n't come forward there , either . "  Unbelievable , " said Four Sons manager Bob Chebat . "  Everyone comes in here buying tickets , joking they 'll take care of you if they win . But chances are so slim that it becomes standard that no one does win . I just do n't know what to say . I 'm shocked . I hope I was the guy who sold the winning ticket . " Lottery officials previously urged winners to take their time coming forward . Winners should sign the ticket , put it in a safe place and seek legal and financial advice before redeeming it , Missouri lottery director May Scheve Reardon said . The winner in that state has 180 days to claim the money . Unexpected changes can come for Powerball winner The prize for the lottery -- held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia -- swelled to the largest in Powerball history after the jackpot rolled over 16 times without a winner . But it still does n't match the U.S. record payout of $ 656 million , set in March by a Mega Millions jackpot . Three winners split that pot . In August : $ 337 million Powerball winner plans to keep it real Whoever comes forward with the winning tickets may want to speak to Donald Lawson . The Michigan man won the $ 337 million Powerball prize in August and vowed that the new infusion of green would not change him -- or his eating habits . "  I 'm a millionaire now , but I 'll still go to McDonald 's , " Lawson said as he stood smiling at the Michigan Lottery headquarters in Lansing . Why you keep playing the lottery CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Shawn Nottingham and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Missouri to unveil its winners Friday "  Unbelievable , " manager at store that sold winning Arizona ticket says Neither of the two jackpot winners has yet claimed the prize , officials say The prize is the largest in Powerball history
CNN  -- The head of JetBlue is apologizing for a "  confluence of events " that left a plane filled with passengers stranded on the tarmac at Bradley International Airport near Hartford , Connecticut , over the weekend . Chief Operating Officer Rob Maruster said in a video posted on the company 's blog and its YouTube Channel that the airline had six flights divert to Hartford during the freak weekend snowstorm "  due to various runway , congestion and other operational issues at Newark and JFK Airports " and that the airline "  did not deplane those aircraft in our target time allotted . " One of those flights , JetBlue 504 from Fort Lauderdale spent nearly eight hours stranded on the tarmac before passengers were allowed to deplane . "  At no point in this weekend was safety ever compromised , " Maruster said , stressing that safety was the airline 's number one concern . "  But let 's face it , you count on us at JetBlue for a lot more -- and we promise a lot more -- and we know we let some of you down over the course of this weekend and for that we are truly sorry . " Maruster said the airline intends to "  fully participate with the Department of Transportation and cooperating with their investigation into events over the weekend , and we 're also going to conduct an internal evaluation so that we can learn from this event because at the end of the day , you deserve better -- and we expect better from our crewmembers and our operation . " "  We can only earn your loyalty and trust one flight at a time and we ask you to give us a second chance . " JetBlue Flight 504 departed Fort Lauderdale at 10:07 a.m. ET Saturday -- 32 minutes late . The flight made it to Newark -- just not to the runway , thanks to the weather before it was diverted to Hartford . It landed at 1:07 p.m. . What came next was an eight-hour ordeal for passengers -- and crew -- as the plane sat stuck on the tarmac with little food or water . "  I got a problem here on the airplane . I 'm going to need to have the cops onboard , " a flight crew member told the tower in a conversation posted on LiveATC.net , a website that monitors air traffic control conversations . "  I need some air stairs brought over here and the cops brought onboard the airplane . " Passenger Roseann Kozma explained the situation in a phone interview with CNN affiliate WTIC-TV from the plane . "  A couple passengers are fighting and there 's a baby on here that 's been crying the whole time , " she said . "  We can not go to the bathrooms anymore . There 's no running water , " said Todd Bailey , another passenger . "  They tell us that we 're going to be going in soon , going in soon , going in soon -- and it just never happens . " Adding to the frustration and tension were passengers with medical conditions . "  I have a paraplegic that needs to come off , " the pilot said . "  I have a diabetic here that 's got an issue ... I 've just got to get some help . " But the plane was still not at a gate , further frustrating the pilot . "  Look , you know , we ca n't seem to get any help from our own company , " the pilot told the tower . "  I apologize for this , but if there is any way you can get a tug and a tow bar out here to us and get us towed somewhere to a gate or something . I do n't care , take us anywhere . " The pilot , though frustrated , offered thanks to Bradley International officials . "  Listen , I just want to put in my two cents worth in for whatever it worth . Thank you very much , " he said . "  It 's Capt. Thompson over here on  Flight  504 ... I think we 've got more help from you guys than our own people . " The passengers broke into applause when the door finally opened , saying "  Let us out ! Let us out ! Let us out ! " Passengers deplaned around 9 p.m. , according to JetBlue .	JetBlue head says the airline let some of its customers down Rob Maruster asks for a "  second chance " Pilot : Crying baby , fighting , two passengers ' medical conditions ramped up tension JetBlue apologizes , saying weather and size of airport contributed to backlog
Gay couples can now legally marry in 18 countries -- a statistic that increasingly raises an important question : Where 's the best spot for a same-sex honeymoon ? More and more destinations are now catering to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  travelers . John Tanzella , chief executive of the International Gay and Lesbian Travel Association , says it 's an encouraging trend , but he worries there 's a risk of gay vacationers being targeted as a "  niche . " "  When you 're planning that dream trip it 's still important to work with travel professionals who understand the needs of gay travelers as individuals , " he adds . Among travel organizations that seem to be getting the message is the Association of British Travel Agents , which is the latest to compile a list of destinations offering same-sex honeymooners a friendly atmosphere and catering to a broad range of tastes . Here 's its 10 . Cape Town , South Africa The dramatic backdrop of Table Mountain rises above this gorgeous city bathed in almost year-round sunshine . It 's a great place to relax for a couple of days , then travel out to the numerous wineries in the lush green countryside close to the city . Where else can you see penguins sunning themselves on a beach ? Cape Town is considered the most gay-friendly city in Africa and attracts LGBT people from across the continent , adding to an interesting local cultural mix . The gay village , with its range of clubs , bars , bathhouses , cafes and guesthouses is in De Waterkant . Honeymoon hotspot : The lively Cafe Manhattan  74 Waterkant St. , Cape Town ; +27214216666  . Lesbos and Mykonos , Greece We get the word "  lesbian " from the island that was home to Sappho , who wrote erotic poetry to other women in the 6th century B.C. It 's now a popular destination for modern-day Sapphists . The island 's main town , Mytilini is charming old world Greek , with winding streets and quiet churches . Mykonos has a vibrant gay scene for men and women , with lots of clubs and hotels . Honeymoon hotspot : Many gay travelers hang out on Super Paradise and Elia beaches , which can get noisy at night -- and somewhat naked during the day . Miami and the Florida Keys Miami 's Caribbean climate sets it apart from the rest of the United States . The city also has some of America 's most interesting architecture , plus world-class art galleries and classical music performances . A day in Little Havana , the center of the not-so-little Cuban community , can feel like a visit to another country . Couples can time their trip to coincide with one of three of the planet 's biggest gay events . There 's the White Party in November , the Winter Party in March and Aqua Girl Weekend in May . In April , the Gay and Lesbian Film Festival is a huge draw . Honeymoon hotspot : The gay section at Haulover Beach  10800 Collins Ave. , Bal Harbour , Florida ; +1 3059473525  is a popular post-party place to unwind . Tel Aviv , Israel The city 's annual gay pride , which is sponsored by the government , draws gay men and women from all over the world . In 2012 , travel guide Gaycities.com named Tel Aviv the gayest city on the planet -- at least 100,000 gay men are expected to visit this year . Tel Aviv calls itself a 24-hour city because you can spend all night clubbing then snooze all day on one of its beaches . If you 've time to spare , you can squeeze ancient and Biblical sites such as the Dead Sea , Masada and Jerusalem into one - or two-day trips . Honeymoon hotspot : Tel Aviv does n't have a gay village because the whole city considers itself gay-friendly , but Rothschild Avenue is a particular focus , where as many same-sex couples walk hand in hand as straight couples . Brighton , England Brighton is , without doubt , Britain 's gayest town and has an anything-goes reputation not just for romance , but also for art , clubbing and all kinds of culture . The beach may be rainy outside of summer , but even in winter there 's a certain beauty to the place , and it 's only an hour by train from London . Brighton town also sports some exotic-looking buildings , such as the Royal Pavilion , an 18th-century regent 's folly built in a classical Indian style . Honeymoon hotspot : Club Revenge  32-34 Old Steine St. , Brighton ; +441273606064  has been a fixture of gay Brighton 's nightlife for two decades . Phuket , Thailand Thailand 's raunchiest island is a nonstop merry-go-round of bars and nightlife catering to the traveler who wants it all and wants it cheap . The Thai islands are great for those who want luxury but have blown the budget on the wedding . Phuket and other nearby Andaman Sea islands are also a paradise for scuba divers and offer plenty of peaceful alternatives away from the clubs . Honeymoon hotspot : The Paradise Complex  Rat-U-Thit Road , Patong , Kathu , Phuket ; +6676341804  in the town of Patong hosts outdoor drag shows at places such as the Kiss Bar . Puerto Vallarta , Mexico There are more than a dozen gay-friendly hotels in Puerto Vallerta , the town on Mexico 's Pacific coast that 's home to the country 's biggest gay scene . The place has more history than many Mexican resorts and there are hideaways in the surrounding jungle for those who need to unwind after the wedding . Honeymoon hotspot : The gay village centers on the Blue Chairs  Malecn y Almendro No. 4 , Puerto Vallarta , Jalisco ; +523222225040  resort section of the beach , where there 's raucous entertainment at night . Sydney Sydney 's gay pride march is the biggest and brashest in the world . The city is famously LGBT-friendly , nowhere more so than the center of gay Sydney : Taylor Square on Oxford Street . The city 's bars and restaurants are some of the best in the world , so it 's a great place for foodie couples -- particularly the pricey venues in the Rock 's area . Honeymoon hotspot : As a harbor city , Sydney offers opportunities to polish surfing skills on some of the local beaches , such as the world-famous Bondi -- which claims to be the location of the first ever gay surfers ' group surf . Let 's Go Surfing , 128 Ramsgate Ave. , North Bondi ; +6193651800 Sitges , Spain The center for Spain 's gay scene is 20 miles  32 kilometers  along the coast from the stunning architecture and cultural life of Barcelona . Once just a fishing village , in the 20th century it became a haven for artists including Picasso , and now welcomes an international gay community . The town has a calendar of annual events including the town carnival , a film festival , a classic car rally and the full range of traditional Spanish village religious festivals . Honeymoon hotspot : Parrots  Carrer de Joan Tarrida , 16 , Sitges , Barcelona ; +34 938 94 13 50  one of the city 's best-known gay hotels , also has its own popular gay cafe .	Association of British Travel Agents has named its top 10 destinations for same-sex honeymoons An increasing number of destinations are catering to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers Top same-sex honeymoon spots include Cape Town , Sydney and Tel Aviv Miami hosts three of the world 's biggest LGBT events , among them the Winter Party Festival
CNN  -- What if you could change history ? Would you go back and kill Hitler before the Holocaust ? Arrest Oswald before JFK was assassinated ? Stop Bin Laden before the 9/11 attacks ? Of course you would . But what if you had to stand by and let those events unfold in order to achieve a more perfect future ? That 's the premise posed in "  The Revisionists , " a new time-travel thriller from award-winning author , Thomas Mullen . In the future , there 's no hunger , no war , no crime . At least , that 's what we 're led to believe . It 's Zed 's job to keep it that way . He 's been sent back in time , to something similar to our present , to protect the integrity of the future timeline . To do that , Zed has to make sure that an imminent disaster of epic proportions , called "  The Great Conflagration " happens just as history says it will , or does , or did . In his mission , Zed faces off with other time travelers , enemy agents called Hags , short for historical agitators , who want to prevent this apocalypse . Along the way , Zed crosses paths with an eclectic cast of characters , including a young Washington lawyer seeking answers about her brother , a soldier killed in Iraq ; a disgraced former CIA agent ; and a young Indonesian woman trapped as an indentured servant to a North Korean diplomat . Soon cracks start to appear in the timeline and Zed starts to doubt his mission . Do n't let the description of the plot mislead you , this is not your typical sci-fi novel . Mullen is less concerned with the intricacies of time travel , focusing more on the nature of history and how it 's shaped . As the saying goes , "  History is written by the victors " -- but what if there were no winners in this scenario ? In "  The Revisionists , " Mullen presents a compelling and complex page-turner , a paranoid thriller for the post-9 / 11 age . CNN recently sat down with Mullen to talk about his new book ; the following is an edited transcript : CNN : What was the spark that led to this book ? Mullen : There were a lot of sparks . It 's a book that involves different narratives . I 'd had the idea of this guy who comes back from the future and has to prevent bad things from happening . He 's justifying his bad means because there 's going to be a perfect end . I just thought that was an intriguing moral angle . I thought it was fun and I thought it had interesting interplay with the idea of intelligence agencies occasionally doing bad things but saying , oh it 's for a good cause . I 'd heard a story about this issue of domestic servants basically being kept as slaves in these really nice houses in D.C. because their bosses are diplomats who can hide behind diplomatic immunity , and I thought that was a really interesting idea but I was n't sure what I was going to do with it . I was also interested in the idea of intelligence agents , either governmental or private , following peace activists , because that was happening . It 's not legal , it 's not supposed to happen , but you hear stories about police officers , mysterious agents , agent provocateurs with a group of peace activists , trying to get them all amped up so they would do something wrong so they could get arrested . You 'd like to think these things do n't happen , but you keep hearing about things like that happening . I thought that would be an intriguing story . So , I was kind of juggling these different ideas , then I put it aside , but I still , every now and then , would work on it . There were a lot of false starts with this . It took me a while to get some of these threads together in a way that I liked them . There were these different stories that I liked that I wanted to figure out and I asked myself , is this one book ? Do these things go together ; do I need to cut some of them out ? I did end up cutting out some of the activist stuff , but I wanted to find a way to thread these different narratives together and see if it could all come together . It may have been a little messy but I hope in the end it worked . CNN : You really play with the idea of "  history " in your book . Mullen : As somebody who has previously written two historical novels , in a lot of ways this book is a departure for me . At the same time this book is sort of about history , how it 's formed and how we are products of our own history . The question comes up in the book ; do we control our own fate ? Can we make our own history or are we just pawns ? That taps into this conspiracist view of the world that created a lot of great fiction and film in the 1970 like "  All the President 's Men " and "  The Conversation . " There 's this sense that there 's this vast conspiracy of forces controlling us , that the government is listening to everything we do and there 's nothing we can do about it . It 's easy to think that way , especially now , but at the same time we also believe we 're a country where a skinny interracial kid ... can become president . You never really know what 's going to happen ; you never know what 's going to be historically important . There 's the butterfly effect where one little thing here could change the world for someone else . So I was thinking about that a lot and the struggle that we all feel ; how much control do I have over my fate , the country , my community ? Do I really believe in a perfect future ? Some of us would like to think we 're creating a better future , especially if we 're in politics or public service . We 're trying to take a bad situation and make it better . But how much better can we make it ? Are we just pushing a rock up a hill and it 's going to come down and crush us again ? Do we really believe in a perfect society and the idea that America is a noble experiment and we 're still working on it to try and get it right ? Can anything really be perfect and does that road lead to these totalitarian regimes ? The desire to create a better world is a noble goal and we all have it but it can be taken in scary directions . When you have these totalitarian nations , these communist nations that say they 're creating a perfect society when really most of us would say they 've done the opposite . Trying to control history , or the lack of control , that 's something the book deals with . CNN : How did you handle the idea of time travel in your novel ? Mullen : I did n't want to write a book with some guy zipping in and out of various situations ; I wanted it to be set in the here and now . I liked the idea of a time traveler not just for the moral dilemma but I think he has a great perspective on how he sees our world now , all the tensions in our society , the issues of race and ethnicity . To him he 's coming from many , many generations later . I was influenced by this Time magazine cover story , the face of the future and there was this computer program that melded thousands of faces , many generations later after all the races have mixed , this is what people will look like . If I want to be realistic about the idea of a time traveler coming from the future , he 's not going to look like us , he 's not going to be a white guy , he 's not going to be a black guy , he 's going to be kind of this amalgam . In any book , it 's not a new idea in a time travel story to have everybody say , wait a minute are you just pulling one over on us , are you crazy , are you a reliable narrator ? That was fun to work in . CNN : "  The Revisionists " includes a lot of great detail about U.S. intelligence agencies . Tell me how you researched all of this ? Mullen : As with a lot of fiction , some of it was smoke and mirrors and the rest of it was basically just doing a lot of reading . I was n't a spy and I do n't have any friends who were spies , as far as I know . The book changed a lot ; I went in different directions because the more I learned I would find a more believable way to advance the story . I think the initial idea I had would n't have worked as well and I do n't think it would have made you think , "  Wow , this guy knows what he 's talking about . " I learned as I went and I was able to tell a more realistic story as a result . But I did n't go on any drive-bys with any spies , although that would have been cool . CNN : What 's next for you ? Mullen : I 've actually written a lot of my next book already , it 's historical again . I 'm from Boston , Rhode Island actually , but I 'm a Red Sox fan . It 's loosely based on a real story , that I found out about in an offhand mention , about FBI involvement in Boston sports , it 's a legacy that dates back to 1945 when the FBI was following a group of communists who wanted to racially integrate baseball . I thought , Wow ! What 's that story ? So it 's sort of a spy novel , it 's also got a bit of romance , and even comedy . I 've got an FBI agent , I 've also got a female communist sports writer and I 've got a baseball star of the Negro League back from World War II . I said I was n't going to keep writing in a historical vein but sometimes I see an idea and I think that 's just too cool . It 's been fun to write . Read an excerpt from "  The Revisionists " on Mullen 's Facebook page .	"  The Revisionists " is a new time-travel thriller from author Thomas Mullen The main character , Zed , has been sent back in time to protect the the future Mullen says his focus is on the nature of history and how it 's shaped than the science of time travel
RollingStone.com  -- "  Le Noise " is Neil Young with eight new songs and no band , accompanying himself on guitars with maximum fuzz and electronics , manipulated by producer Daniel Lanois . The result is one of Young 's weirdest studio records -- and that 's saying something in a decade that includes the eco-opera "  Greendale " and the chunky-rock songs about alternative fuel on "  Fork in the Road . " "  Le Noise " is also the most intimate and natural-sounding album Young has made in a long time : just a songwriter making his way through a vividly rendered chaos of memoir , affection and fear . It 's as if you hear the songs on the verge of creation , the way Young first hears rhyme and noise in his head . On his current tour , where Young has played most of these songs , you can buy a T-shirt that reads "  I Said Solo ... They Said Acoustic . " Even with Lanois thickening and f -- ing with the atmospheres , "  Le Noise " is as solo as it gets . That is not obvious at first . "  Walk With Me " opens with arguing layers of iron jangle that sound like they barged in from Metallica 's "  Death Magnetic . " The last minute is muddy-guitar drone and beeping sound effects , like bits of Young 's 1982 hippie-Kraftwerk fling , "  Trans , " dropped into one of the Crazy Horse-freakout codas on 1991 's "  Weld . " But earlier in the song , Young sings with chantlike force -- "  I feel your love/I feel your strong love/I feel the patience of unconditional love " -- like he 's testing variations on his theme . Then he gets specific : "  I lost some people I was traveling with/I miss the soul and the old friendship . " His voice is receding into the drone , but recent passings -- like those of his friends and collaborators Larry "  L.A. " Johnson and Ben Keith -- cut through the din like heartbreak . The reflection is strong here . The riff in "  Sign of Love " has the repetitive charge of "  Cinnamon Girl " ; there 's some "  Mr. Soul " in the guitar hook of "  Someone 's Gon na Rescue You " ; "  Hitchhiker " is in the tradition of extended parables like "  Crime in the City " -- images of a life unraveling and repaired that , at points , may be Young 's  "  Then came paranoia , and it ran away with me . " But the most personal thing about "  Le Noise " is the sense of a restless master caught in the pursuit of ideas , shaping their expression . "  Peaceful Valley Boulevard , " one of two acoustic-guitar songs , is a detailed American history lesson from Indian wars to electric cars . Yet in one line  "  A mother screamed , and every soul was lost "  , Young 's voice cracks on the peak note -- an impulsive , moving flaw . And in "  Love and War , " Young -- his creaky whisper and acoustic guitar buoyed by Lanois ' watery treatments -- confesses an uncertainty hard to believe in one of rock 's most driven stars : "  When I sing about love and war/I do n't really know what I 'm saying . " But then the conviction comes back . He only has that one way forward , through the music : "  I sang in anger , hit another bad chord/But I still try to sing about love and war . " "  Le Noise " is , ultimately , an extreme simplicity : the sound of a man who wo n't give up . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	"  Le Noise " is the most intimate and natural-sounding album Young has made in a long time The artist has played most of these songs on his current tour "  Le Noise " is , ultimately , an extreme simplicity : the sound of a man who wo n't give up
The Frisky  -- Kate Middleton 's engagement ring just so happens to be a hand-me-down from the late Princess Diana . It 's a blue sapphire surrounded by diamonds set in white gold . Although this family treasure is very dear to Prince William 's heart -- it was his mother 's engagement ring -- the superstitious may think that 28-year-old Kate should never have accepted it . Not because she does n't want to marry her Prince Charming  literally  , but because some believe jewelry can be cursed . Another big blue stone , the Hope Diamond , was not good luck for French royals . Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette were the last royals to enjoy the stone before it was stolen and they lost their heads . The Frisky : 6 things Prince William should n't repeat from parents ' wedding Even if you do n't believe that jewelry can be cursed , I 've heard an old wives ' tale that claims engagement rings are supposed to carry the energy of the marriage from whence they came . Meaning : it is bad luck to inherit a ring from an unhappy marriage . So , essentially , Kate is wearing the ring of a troubled princess who had a very bad marriage , not to mention a tragic end . If I were Kate , I might have hoped for something with a little bit less bad juju . And for the rest of us eyeing jewels for our big day , heed these other jewelry superstitions : The Frisky : Found out my engagement ring was piece of junk Diamonds , not pearls , on your wedding day In medieval times , people believed that pearls were unlucky because they represent tears . Diamonds , however , were considered great luck because they were thought to have the power to drive away witches and also prevent the wearer from ever going insane . Hence , why wearing pearls instead of diamonds on your wedding day would be thought to predict an unhappy marriage . The Frisky : 10 things to know about Kate Middleton Do n't remove ring ; Do n't put one on It is considered bad luck if a woman removes her engagement ring before the wedding for fear that the wedding may not actually happen . Also , you are not supposed to let another woman try your ring on if you do n't want her to steal your man . Conversely , it is considered bad luck for a single woman to wear a ring on her engagement finger as it might curse her to be single forever . Stick to your own stone ? Some people think that it 's bad luck to wear a birthstone that is n't yours . Uh , are n't diamonds the official birthstone of the month of April ? Does that mean every bride who does n't have an April birthday is cursed ? Silver earrings keep bad spirits out Wearing a pair of silver earrings was once thought to keep the devil away . Silver earrings were used to prevent evil spirits from entering the body through any orifices . So think about all the devils you are keeping out of your body the next time you rock a simple pair of hoops . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Kate Middleton 's engagement ring is same one worn by Princess Diana Old wives ' tale : Engagement rings may carry energy of previous owner Superstition : If woman removes ring before wedding , wedding may not take place Single women should not put ring on engagement finger as it might curse her to be single forever
Vice Adm. Jan E. Tighe has made history with her appointment as head of the U.S. Fleet Cyber Command and the U.S. 10th Fleet , making her "  the first female commander of a numbered fleet in U.S. Navy history , " according to that military branch . Tighe succeeded Adm. Michael S. Rogers -- who is moving on to become director of the embattled National Security Agency and head of U.S. Cyber Command -- in a ceremony Wednesday at Fort Meade in Maryland . She 's the fleet 's third commander ever and had been its deputy commander since November , according to the Navy . "  Jan Tighe , you are one of the best people that our military has across all of the services , " recently retired NSA chief Keith Alexander said . " ... You are exceptional in every category , and you will do great with the 10th Fleet , which I believe is just a stepping stone for future things for you . " Born in Kentucky and raised in Plantation , Florida , Tighe graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy , learned Russian at the Defense Language Institute and earned advanced degrees in electrical engineering and applied mathematics from the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey , California . Her extensive Navy history includes stints in the Naval Network Warfare Command , the U.S. Cyber Command and the Naval Security Group Activities . Among other assignments , she was an airborne special evaluator in the Persian Gulf during Operations Desert Shield and Storm during the early 1990s . Tighe 's new job will be heading the U.S. Fleet Cyber Command , which has a mission that includes cryptologic operations and electronic warfare . Her appointment comes at a time when the Navy and other military branches have been on the defensive over accusations that not enough is being done to protect women within their ranks from sexual assault . Figures have shown the rate of assaults in the armed forces is increasing , and some top officers are under fire for condoning such acts . President Barack Obama told newly commissioned officers at the Naval Academy last May that a rash of sexual assaults undermines Americans ' confidence in the military .	Vice Adm. Jan Tighe takes over as head of U.S. Fleet Cyber Command , U.S. 10th Fleet She succeeds Adm. Michael Rogers , who moved on to become the NSA director "  I believe  this  is just a stepping stone , " recent NSA director Keith Alexander says of Tighe The Navy , other branches have faced criticism for the treatment of female personnel
London  CNN  -- Raising their family in London , Nigerians Chris and Ada Ngoforo were keen for their children to stay in touch with their West African heritage . But the couple became concerned that their three young daughters did n't speak any Igbo , one of Nigeria 's ethnic languages . "  We thought amongst ourselves what we can do to actually help them to learn Igbo more , " says Chris Ngoforo . This desire to encourage their children to connect with their roots , coupled with an increasing frustration with the difficulty in finding black dolls that resonated with their daughters , led the entrepreneurial couple to take matters into their hands . What started as a way of helping their daughters engage with their heritage quickly became a business opportunity . Soon after , the couple launched their own range of toys , called Rooti Dolls , programmed to speak in several native African languages and promote positive self-images . "  We observed that over 90 % of children born or living in the diaspora and millions in Africa do not speak or understand their mother tongues , " says Ngoforo . "  Our research made us understand that the reason for this is not because our children do n't want to learn their mother tongues , but more because there are not many essential tools that can easily be both educational and fun at the same time . " Read this : Monopoly moves to Africa with Lagos edition So far , the couple has produced a range of 12 dolls from different African countries . Each one can speak a combination of languages , and each one has her own story . Amongst them , there 's Nina , a "  vibrant girl " with Nigerian parents , who "  loves watching Nollywood " and can interact in the Nigerian languages of Igbo , Yoruba , Hausa , and Ibibio ; there 's Ama , a "  bubbling dynamic girl " whose "  dream is to be a doctor someday , " and can speak the Ghanaian languages of Twi , Ga , Ewe and Krobo ; and there 's also Keza , with parents from Zimbabwe and Zambia . She "  loves adventures , reading and listening to beautiful music " and can communicate in Shona , Ndebele , Bemba , and Nyanja . Ngoforo says the toys , which come in different shades of skin color , are designed to break down stereotypes and to provide a more accurate representation of black people . "  Over the years my wife and I have found it extremely hard finding real black dolls that can truly connect with our little daughters , " he says . "  The dolls out there in the market are nothing close to the real image of a black child in terms of features and other attributes -- they are either too thin , too light or chiseled-faced , and even the complexions of most of the dolls are kind of whitewashed , " says Ngoforo . "  The unfortunate effect of this stereotypical misrepresentation is a case of low self-esteem among black children who have been directly or indirectly made to believe less in themselves as a black child . They have been made to believe that you have to look like a white doll to be accepted as beautiful or even good . " Debbie Behan Garrett , author of "  The Definitive Guide to Collecting Black Dolls , " says that black dolls have changed a lot over the years . In the early days of black dolls , she explains , many of them were negative characterizations with exaggerated facial features , including protruding eyes , broader-than-normal noses and accentuated lips that were often painted red . These dolls frequently maintained a posture of servitude as butlers or "  mammies . " Read this : African slave traditions live on in U.S. "  Today 's black dolls have evolved from negative caricatures to play-scale representations of haute couture fashion models and other positive images of babies , toddlers and adult black people , " says Garrett . She adds , however , that while today 's dolls are more positive representations , "  a lack of black dolls is a constant , as black-doll manufacture is often a second thought for those in the business of producing dolls in their image . " But for Garrett , access to dolls can only achieve so much in terms of promoting a positive self image . "  In addition to a black child owning dolls and other playthings that positively reflect their image , exposure to literature , art and other positive images will aid in the development of a healthy cultural awareness and appreciation , " she says . That was the inspiration behind the Queens of Africa project , an educational initiative developed by Nigerian entrepreneur Taofick Okoya . Using a mix of dolls , books , comics and music , Queens of Africa is aiming to help children in Nigeria and beyond to identify and appreciate their culture . "  The crucial part of the formative years of children is between four-nine years , " says Okoya . " This is the time to load them with valuable information that they can draw on as adults . " Similarly to the Ngoforos , Okoya 's foray into the business was inspired by his family . Some five years ago , he went into an upmarket Lagos store to buy a doll as a birthday present for his young niece , but left disappointed . "  I wanted to buy her something that would be quite encouraging or instrumental in her development , " he says . "  I realized that they had an array of different dolls but none of them were black and they were rather pricey . " Read this : Boy scares off lions with flashy invention That gave Okoya food for thought and after some initial research , he decided to launch the Queens of Africa black dolls , each one representing different tribes in the continent . Later on , he decided to expand the project by launching a series of fun and educational books , songs and cartoons based on the dolls ' characters . "  The dolls will help the Nigerian/African -LSB- children -RSB- be better people because they would be proud and confident in who they are as a race , " says Okoya . "  The comics , books and animation stories is the medium we use to enlighten and educate children on our history and culture . " Garett says that exposure to this kind of information can help African children learn about their roots , as well as proudly pass on their heritage to future generations . "  It is imperative for African or any non-white child to possess or have access to playthings that reflect their image positively , " she says .	A new range of dolls has has been created to help African children connect with their roots Rooti Dolls are programmed to speak several African languages "  Queens of Africa " project produces comics and books to help African children appreciate their culture
New York  CNN  -- A flag that accompanied Lt. Col. George Armstrong Custer and his 7th Cavalry into their final battle 134 years ago will be put up for auction , the auction house that will handle the sale said Friday . Custer led more than 200 other other soldiers into battle against thousands of Lakota and Northern Cheyenne warriors on June 25 , 1876 , at the Little Bighorn River in what is now Montana . None of the U.S. soldiers survived the battle . The flag that will be sold in October is tattered and fragile , measures 27 1/2 by 33 inches and may be stained with blood . It was found three days after the Battle of Little Bighorn -- or the Battle of Greasy Grass Creek , as the victors called it -- beneath the body of one of Custer 's men killed in the battle . Sgt. Ferdinand Culbertson , a member of the burial detail assigned to retrieve the remains of the 7th Cavalry , found the Cavalry guidon , or swallow-tail flag , that was used by cavalry companies . The design reduced wind drag as the soldiers advanced . "  It 's not a piece of decoration , " said Sotheby 's vice chairman , David Redden . "  It 's a sacred relic . People died for this flag . This flag is really important as it symbolizes one of the great and mythological battles in American history . " Another flag from the battle site was found months later in an Indian village seized by U.S. troops and is now owned by the National Park Service , but Redden said it is in very poor condition . Custer 's last battle was part of the United States government 's 1876-77 campaign to retake the Black Hills region , ceded in perpetuity by an 1868 treaty to the Lakota . But when gold was discovered in the area , the army was sent to push the aboriginal Americans to a reservation set up for them . The 7th Cavalry surprised the Lakota and Cheyenne , camped on the river banks , but Custer vastly underestimated their number and was crushed . Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse were among the Lakota leaders who took part in the battle . The Detroit Institute for the Arts acquired the flag in 1895 for $ 54 but has decided to part with it and use the proceeds for future art acquisitions . The Institute 's director , Graham Beal , says the flag wo n't be missed as it was often on loan to other institutions , most recently at the Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument in Montana . "  The sale will help with future acquisitions , " said Beal . "  With the proceeds we will get art for the collection . Even though we are in Detroit , we have one of the great universal collections including Baroque , African and early modern collections . We are right up there with Chicago , Cleveland and Philadelphia . Author Nathaniel Philbrick , whose book "  The Last Stand : Custer , Sitting Bull and the Battle of the Little Big Horn " was released in May , said the significance of shabby flag is enormous . "  It 's not only symbolic , but it 's also just a terrific artifact , " he said . "  It 's pretty intact and given what it went through , it 's amazing . " John Doerner , chief historian at the Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument , said he believes the flag is stained with the blood of a fallen soldier and that the banner belongs to the American people . "  It was an act of courage and bravery , " said Doerner , a 20-year veteran of the National Parks Service . "  To lose the colors was really something that a soldier would give their lives -LSB- to prevent -RSB- , " he said . Doerner is helping oversee events for the battle 's anniversary this weekend at the national monument , where visitors will hear symposiums and view re-enactments . He is hopeful that a benefactor will purchase the flag and loan it to a national museum . Redden said expectations are good that the Custer flag sale price might exceed Sotheby 's $ 2 million to $ 5 million estimate , but the hope is that the sale will come close to the $ 12.3 million paid for a Revolutionary Battle flag in 2006 , a record for any military relic at auction .	Lakota , Northern Cheyenne warriors crushed Custer 's 7th Cavalry Battle was part of campaign to secure gold in Black Hills Flag was found beneath slain soldier and may be stained with blood Bought by museum for $ 54 , likely to sell for millions
Kris Jenner made official what has been speculated for months -- that her marriage to Bruce Jenner is over . The Kardashian family matriarch cited "  irreconcilable differences " with her husband of 23 years in a divorce petition filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court Monday . Kris Jenner , 58 , is offering joint custody of their only minor child , 17-year-old Kylie , but she wants to keep all of her earnings since their legal separation on June 1 , 2013 , according to the court document . Her petition opposes any spousal support from her to him . The split is no surprise , since the reality TV couple publicly acknowledged their separation last year . "  We will always have much love and respect for each other , " the pair said in a joint statement when they announced the separation last year . "  Even though we are separated , we will always remain best friends and , as always , our family will remain our No. 1 priority . " Former Olympian Bruce Jenner , 64 , told People magazine last October that he may be "  happier " living separately , but that did n't mean they 're would divorce . Both continued work on the family 's E! reality show "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " despite their separation . Bruce Jenner gained fame when he won the decathlon gold medal at the 1976 summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada . Kris Jenner is famous because she gave the world Kim , Khloe , Kourtney and Rob Kardashian during her marriage to O.J. Simpson 's lawyer , the late Robert Kardashian ; and Kendall and Kylie Jenner from her now-ending marriage .	Kris Jenner cites "  irreconcilable differences " with her husband of 23 years in a divorce petition She 's asking for joint custody of their only minor child , 17-year-old Kylie The filing says they separated on June 1 , 2013
In a move sure to attract attention from the music industry , a small group of coders claiming to be part of Anonymous is putting together a social music platform . The rather ambitious goal : Create a service that seamlessly pulls up songs streaming from all around the internet . The project , called Anontune and still in its infancy , is designed to pull songs from third-party sources like YouTube and let anonymous users put them into playlists and share them -- while keeping the service from being shut down by music industry lawsuits . Reached by e-mail , one of the creators of Anontune told Wired the project was started by a group of anons who met online six years ago on what was then an underground hacking site . The group , mostly focused at the time on "  cracking , " began discussing music , favorite artists and what they would do to fix current music business models . "  We would say stuff like , ` People really use YouTube as a music player yet it really sucks for that purpose ... it 's too unorganized , ' " the anon wrote to Wired . "  And then , ` YouTube does make a good music player but you ca n't play all your songs on it since the obscure ones are n't uploaded , ' then eventually , ` Hmmm , what if you were to combine music websites like Myspace , Yahoo , YouTube and others ? ' " On the ever-sprawling internet , music can pop up anywhere -- Tumblr pages , blogs , The Hype Machine  to name but a few  . Almost any song is available at any time , whether posted by legitimate sources or uploaded by fans or pirates , and Anontune would tap into that rich reservoir . It would n't be the first time Anonymous squared off with the record industry : When popular file-sharing site Megaupload was shuttered by the Justice Department in January , Anonymous retaliated by attacking the websites of the Recording Industry Association of America and the DoJ . The DDoS attacks provide an undeniable look at what Anonymous can do in a copyfight , but if the creators of Anontune succeed , they could make something far more disruptive to the music industry . The Anontune concept remained nothing more than talk until one day in early December , when an anon posted a link to Anontune and said he planned to make their ideas a reality . The others looked at the site . Although it was n't very good , the working prototype got enough people interested in the project that they "  formed a team that day and stopped hacking , " the anon said . The platform has been in development for just a few months , according to the video above  titled "  Message From Anonymous : Music Has Changed "  . Although Anontune is still very rudimentary , the service is meant to improve the way music is played online . "  It has come to our attention that the state of online music has been sabotaged by the fat hands of corporate involvement , " the Anontune video 's voiceover states . "  These changes have led to a world in which your enjoyment of music is controlled and billed by the minute . " How Anontune Works  And a Word of Caution Anontune works by automating what most people do online manually . After setting up an account , users can build playlists by simply typing in the names of songs they want to hear , or they can choose from the names of songs imported from their iPods . Anontune 's "  music engine " -- which runs in a user 's browser -- then finds the songs on the web . Currently most of the tracks come from YouTube and SoundCloud , but there are plans in the works to add Yahoo Music , Myspace Music , Bandcamp and others . From there , users , of which there are currently fewer than 1,000 , just press play . A word of caution to curious readers : The system relies on executing a Java applet . Unless you are extremely trusting or using VMWare , you should think very carefully about running code on your machine that was written by members of Anonymous . The stated central aims of the service 's creators are to provide a flexible , open platform for users to listen to music without having to pirate it or face legal repercussions -- read Anontune 's white paper here . True to form , users of the service can largely remain anonymous . Although the site is still very crude and its origins obscure , the idea of Anonymous -- even a few far-flung members of the group -- tackling online music is compelling . But Anontune could come into the world with a target on its back , even if it operates using completely legitimate methods , according to Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney Corynne McSherry . "  What we 're seeing here is a situation where the government is getting much more involved in enforcement , and we know that the U.S. government does n't like Anonymous all that much anyway , " McSherry said in an interview with Wired . Other music services can attempt to cut deals with music labels to avoid legal hot water , but that 's not really an option here . "  I think content owners , if they feel like the site is a really viable site , they 're going to be pretty nervous -LSB- about this -RSB- , " McSherry said . "  Because they like to have people that they can make deals with , and there 's no one to make a deal with in this situation . " It 's hard not to notice that Anontune is popping up just as the U.S. government 's case against Megaupload is getting heated . Even though Anontune 's creators say the service is n't a rebuttal to the shuttering of the file-sharing service , its timely unveiling could serve as a model for a different way for Anonymous to respond to incidents  as opposed to , say , directing Low Orbit Ion Cannons at the website of the Recording Industry Association of America  . "  The project is not so much a response to Megaupload but a response to the tycoons from the RIAA shutting down music services , " the anon wrote to Wired . "  You may have heard about what Anonymous has done in Operation Payback . We believe the underlying reasons for the revolt were  mostly  correct , however their approach is unlikely to change anything in the long run . " When asked about Anontune by Wired , an RIAA spokesman declined to comment . Anontune 's creators hope that in its complete version -- it 's only about 20 percent there so far , our source said -- the service can improve the way people engage with music . "  We have a lot of plans regarding this , " the Anontune co-creator told Wired . "  The development of software to assist in achieving musical peak experiences , illumination of the functions and roles of music , psychometric testing based on music preference . It 's all there and this is possibly the most interesting part of the whole project . " Anontune 's technical aspects can be reviewed online , and the site 's operators are taking donations . Even though its creators are still hurriedly trying to get the service up to snuff , the site has massive goals . One only needs to look at the final note on the above clip 's YouTube page to get a taste . "  We need to think bigger , " it reads . "  This is Operation Mozart . "	Group identified as Anonymous putting together a social-music platform Anontune is designed to pull songs from third-party sources for users Using the service will require loading code written by ` Anons ' on your computer
CNN  -- Soccer City , once the venue of South Africa 's most significant black freedom rallies , will next month host a sport that was open only to whites in the country 's apartheid-rule era . Rugby officials announced on Wednesday that South Africa 's Springboks will take on New Zealand 's All Blacks at the Johannesburg soccer stadium , which stages the 2010 World Cup final this weekend . The rebuilt ground , scene of Nelson Mandela 's first speech in the city after his release from prison in 1990 , is situated near the predominantly black township of Soweto . "  This is an historic day and one in which the whole of South Africa can celebrate , " South African Rugby Union president Oregan Hoskins said in a statement on the ruling body 's website . "  Taking the Springboks to what is already an iconic world venue gives our players and supporters the best stage on which to enjoy rugby . But it also allows us to continue the nation building through sport that we have enjoyed throughout the FIFA World Cup . " Check out a 360-degree panorama of Soccer City While South African rugby was once dominated by whites , the game has become more mixed there -- especially since hosting the 1995 World Cup -- and players such as Chester Williams and Bryan Habana have become household names . The Blue Bulls rugby team also played a Super 14 match at Soweto 's Orlando Stadium in May this year as their home venue in Pretoria was unavailable due to the World Cup . The August 21 fixture will be South Africa 's first home match of the 2010 Tri-Nations tournament , which also features Australia . Soccer City , which is also known as National Stadium , has a capacity of 88,791 . The SARU has made some tickets available at reduced prices in order to get near the previous best crowd for a home rugby international -- 95,000 at Johannesburg 's Ellis Park when the British Lions visited in 1955 . More than 9,000 of the available tickets will be sold at 350 Rand  $ 45  and 5,000 for just 100 rand  $ 13  . The match had originally been scheduled for Ellis Park , but host province Golden Lions agreed to make the switch . "  The only thing that surprised us was the near unanimity of our stakeholders in embracing this decision , " Lions chairman Kevin De Klerk said . "  The reaction has been overwhelmingly positive and as much as we love Ellis Park , there was widespread agreement that we must take such a significant rugby match to one of the best stadiums not just in South Africa but in the world . "  I 'd particularly like to thank -LSB- our -RSB- key sponsors ... They have had to make major sacrifices on some of their contractual rights but the way they have supported us in recognizing the potential benefits of this move -- not just for rugby , but for South Africa -- has been magnificent . " The Springboks will begin the defense of their Tri-Nations crown in New Zealand on Saturday , the first of two clashes with the Kiwis before heading to Australia for a match in Brisbane on July 24 .	Soccer City will host a rugby union international between South Africa and New Zealand Johannesburg stadium was the scene of South Africa 's most famous freedom rallies Rugby in the country has traditionally been dominated by whites The August 21 fixture will be Springboks ' first home game of 2010 Tri-Nations series
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Kenneth Slayton wants to get a message to Jaycee Dugard , the California woman kidnapped as a child and held captive for 18 years . Slayton would like to get together with Dugard and her two children on Father 's Day , but he said he is being blocked from communicating with the 29-year-old he believes is his daughter . When Dugard went missing in 1991 , FBI agents investigating the 11-year-old 's disappearance knocked on Slayton 's door because the truck driver had been identified as her biological father . Slayton said he was shocked by the FBI visit because until then he did n't know about Jaycee was his daughter . The 64-year-old truck driver said he was shocked again last August when he heard a radio report his long-lost daughter had been found alive . "  I almost wrecked my truck , " Slayton said . But Dugard 's return to her family did not include Slayton . He said he is desperately trying to change that . "  Since she has been found , I have done everything I could to make contact with Jaycee , but to no avail , " Slayton said at a news conference Friday . Doing everything included hiring celebrity lawyer Gloria Allred . "  Sunday is Father 's Day , " Allred said . "  Our client has missed celebrating Father 's Day for 29 years . He is thrilled that his daughter has been found alive and that he has two grandchildren he never even knew he had . " Several letters from Slayton sent to Dugard through her lawyer were returned unopened , he said . They included photos of his other children who would like to meet their sister , he said . Allred would not speculate on who decided not to open them . "  They only thing she knows about me is something that maybe somebody said that maybe did n't like me too well , " Slayton said . "  That 's wrong . " A spokeswoman for the Dugard family issued a statement recently which acknowledged Slayton as the father but questioned his motives for wanting into Dugard 's life after many years . "  I was very upset by the verbal missiles that the spokesperson fired at me when she targeted me , " Slayton said . "  I guess they 're trying to kill my spirit , reputation issuing totally false statements . I mean , these things are over the hill . " "  The statement that I had no interest in Jaycee is a completely false statement , " he said . "  Ever since I learned certainly that I had a daughter I wanted to see her , protect her and love her . " He said he never would have abandoned a daughter if he had known she existed . "  I 'm not a runner . " "  I would have been there , " Slayton said . "  I would have been a good loving father , and involved in supporting her and helping in any way that I could . " He filed a paternity suit last month . Legally establishing that he is her father would guarantee Slayton a courtroom seat when the couple charged with kidnapping Dugard are tried , Allred said . Phillip Garrido , 58 , and his wife , Nancy , 54 , are charged with 29 felony counts in the kidnapping of Dugard , who was 11 when she was snatched in 1991 from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California . "  I am also a victim of Phillip Garrido because he kept me separated from my daughter and because he inflicted terrible pain on her , " he said .	Slayton wants to legally prove he 's Dugard 's dad Agents probing case in 1991 told him he was her dad His letters to Dugard have been returned unopened
CNN  -- It 's an oval-shaped , bitter tasting leaf that makes you chatty after chewing it , while inducing a feeling of euphoria and alertness . The East African plant khat , a mild narcotic , has been chewed for centuries by people in the Horn of Africa and parts of the Middle East for its stimulating effects . The green leaf is central to cultural and social activities for many communities across the area and key to the economic survival of thousands of khat farmers who grow it legally . In recent years , high demand for the herbal stimulant by the Somali diaspora -- despite it being illegal in several western countries , including the U.S. -- has helped open up a booming industry in fertile parts of Kenya , such as the Meru county . But now the livelihood of these farmers is under threat after the Netherlands , which has a vibrant Somali community and is a key khat hub to other European countries , announced a ban on all imports of the plant in January . Until now , the Netherlands and Britain were the only major European countries allowing the trade and consumption of the flowering shrub . "  If the ban is accepted or if it is enforced , the whole Meru county , the economy of the Meru county will be crippled , " says Kenyan khat farmer Edward Mutuura , who exports the majority of his crops to the Nertherlands . "  The economy of the population here where khat is grown will be totally crippled and people will have no source of income , " he adds . Read also : Agriculture 's ` critical role ' in Africa 's future The Dutch government cited health concerns as well as social and economic reasons for the prohibition of khat . According to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , khat can induce manic behaviors , hyperactivity and hallucinations while chronic abuse can result in symptoms such as physical exhaustion , violence and suicidal depression . However , some observers believe that the ban , which is expected to start later this year , has been imposed after suggestions of purported links between the international khat trade and the funding of terrorist groups like Al Shabaab -- a claim Dutch officials deny . "  There are legitimate businesses whose end product may end up in the hands of Al Shabaab , yet if governments resort to banning these businesses then it hurts the ultimate owners of these businesses , " says analyst Emmanuel Kisiangani of the Institute of Security Studies . "  I think it is a tricky situation , it is a precarious balancing act -- governments need to think of mechanisms that ensure that these legitimate businesses do n't end up benefiting these terrorist organizations . " Al-Shabaab , a militant Islamist group that controls much of southern Somalia and is active around the capital Mogadishu , has been battling the country 's weak transitional government for years . Read also : Somali women defy danger to write basketball history A recent U.N. report said the terrorist group , which has connections to al Qaeda , gets funds by taxing the khat exported to Somalia . Analysts believe that the khat trade in Europe may be following a similar pattern . They say some of the businessmen in Europe who act as middlemen to khat exporters and farmers could be sending the money back to Al Shabaab . "  So , ultimately , the contributors are doing this in good faith but the end result is that you have people with wrong motives along and in between who take these resources , this money , and channel it to terror organizations , " says Kisiangani . Somalia analysts Jessica Lincoln and Frans Barnard say the use of international khat trade to fund militant activities has long been suspected by intelligence agencies but evidence is difficult to prove and remains circumstantial . They note that the Dutch ban has been driven by health , socio-economic and local political factors , along with a tougher stance on "  softer " drugs , but add that this needs to be balanced against the security context of Somalia and the increasing prominence of Al Shabaab in recent years . "  This is of course a huge concern for the international community in their anti-terrorist operations so any suggested links to the funding of terrorist activities will demand movement for cessation of such activities or pressure to regulate , " says Lincoln of Rubicon Resolution . Olle Schmidt , a Swedish member of the European parliament who 's been raising the issue of the drug 's detrimental social and health effects for many years , says that several security services have admitted that there might be a link between Al Shabaab and illegal khat trade but it is very difficult to track the cash generated by the trade and ultimately know who the end receivers are . "  They can follow the money to Dubai and then further into Somalia but then they really do n't know , " he says . In the UK , anti-khat campaigner Abukar Awale says that Al Shabaab targets vulnerable young addicts in the British-Somali community for recruitment . He says that parts of the multimillion dollar khat trade is being controlled by people "  who are very sympathetic to Al Shabaab " and calls on the UK government to follow the Netherlands ' example and ban the drug . "  In my opinion , by allowing khat to be legal , Britain is providing tools , manpower and resources to Al Shabaab , " he says . Read also : Somali militants target addicts in UK 's ` khat cafes ' But back in Meru county , the khat farmers who are separated from the end user and any regulation further down the chain say that banning khat could kill off the region 's economic future . "  Khat farming is the heart of the economy of this place , " says Mutuura . "  We can not educate our children without khat -- if we do n't have khat to sell , this means our economy is grounded . " With the Kenyan government having entered talks with the Dutch government to reverse the ban on khat , the farmers hope the talks will bear fruit or their livelihood will be plucked away . "  This is only what we know in our life , nothing more , " says Mutuura .	Khat is plant that once chewed gives a mellow high to its consumer It 's been consumed for centuries by people in the Horn of Africa and parts of the Middle East Farmers in Kenya have been hit by a Dutch ban on imports of khat Some analysts say there are purported links between the khat trade and terrorist funding
CNN  -- The Force is strong with this one . This year 's San Diego Comic-Con is in full swing -- and that means plenty of cool stuff debuting to make geeks and fanboys/fangirls go crazy . Mattel got in on the fun Thursday , unveiling the special-edition "  Darth Car , " which heralds the toymaker 's partnership with the "  Star Wars " franchise . Star Wars tweeted a pic of the car of the Vadermobile with the caption , "  Our new whip . Limited edition . # 1 of 1 . @Hot_Wheels #DarthCar #SDCC #SDCC2014 . " According to Car and Driver magazine , Hot Wheels has a new lineup of cars based on "  Star Wars " characters . The toy cars are reportedly scheduled to hit store shelves in October . But attendees at Comic-Con got the chance to kick the tires on a life-size version of the Darth Car . Car and Driver reports that it is based on a C5 Chevrolet Corvette , can hit 150 mph , has a hatch that opens like Vader 's helmet and features several special audio effects , including the sounds of Darth Vader breathing . Our question is whether the Luke Skywalker car knows it 's related . Comic-Con : Ben Affleck 's ` Batman ' makes an appearance Cosplay at Comic-Con : Who wore it best ?	Hot Wheels has a line of "  Star Wars " cars coming out The Darth Car is based on a Corvette Only one life-size Darth Car has been made
CNN  -- Protesters on Khreshchatyk , the main street of the Ukraine capital Kiev , have warned of "  blood and war " from their position on a barricade made of snow and wood . Their would-be savior is Vitali Klitschko , a man all too familiar with blood and war during an illustrious boxing career which appears to have finally come to a close with Dr Ironfist announcing his plan to focus solely on politics rather than pugilism . The older of the Klitschko brothers is not used to losing -- he suffered just two defeats in his 47-fight professional career and has been World Boxing Council heavyweight champion since beating Sam Peter in October 2008 . But the 42-year-old has a bigger fight ahead of him as an opposition leader to current president Viktor Yanukovych , and is seen as the popular choice to lead his country out of its current mire . Talking about a possible return to the ring , Klitschko , who has been named Champion Emeritus by the WBC , said : "  That is something I currently can not imagine . My focus is on politics in Ukraine and I feel the people there need me . " The heavyweight is seen as the public 's political savior in a country where foreign reserves fell 9 % last month to $ 19 billion , with the treasury in the precarious position of having only sufficient funds to stay afloat for a few weeks . There had been talks of a loan from the International Monetary Fund and closer ties to the European Union but those discussions have since stalled with Yanukovych instead opening talks with Russian president Vladimir Putin over possible much-needed loans . Of that Putin meeting , Klitschko said : "  No one from the media or among Ukraine 's citizens knows the true aim of this visit and we will only know afterwards . I 'm sure that the visit is wrong and nobody knows the conditions of these negotiations . " Klitschko has entered politics under the befitting Udar  Punch  party banner , a nod to his illustrious sporting career . In a statement , the WBC paid tribute to the boxer following his decision : "  With the current extreme and delicate political situation in Ukraine , Vitali has answered his country 's call to fight for human rights and equality . Accordingly , Vitali will not be able to provide the WBC with a predictable timeframe to return to the ring . "  In light of these considerations , the WBC Supreme Council and the WBC Board of Governors have voted unanimously to name Vitali Klitschko WBC Heavyweight Champion Emeritus . "  Very few fights have received such an honorable distinction , which will entitle Vitali to fight for the WBC heavyweight championship when he is ready to return to the ring . " Following the WBC 's announcement , Klitschko added : "  I thank the WBC and its president Jose Sulaiman for the support in our battle for democracy and freedom in Ukraine . "	WBC heavyweight champion hints at end of career to fight political battle in Ukraine The older of the Klitschko brothers has been heavyweight world champion since 2008 The political situation is tense in Ukraine with public protests against current leadership Klitschko has option to return to the ring and win back title as Champion Emeritus
CNN  -- Since 1995 the Italian shoe manufacturer Geox has worked hard to ensure consumers are spared the inconvenience and embarrassment of sweaty feet . Its patented "  breathable shoe " technology -- a combination of a membrane insole that absorbs sweat and lets it out through an outer sole filled with holes -- has turned the company into a multi-million dollar shoe empire . The idea of a sole filled with holes came to the company 's founder , Mario Moretti Polegato , when he was on a business trip to Reno , Nevada , to promote his family 's wine products . After the meeting Polegato decided to go for a wander in the hot Nevada Desert , and necessity turned out to be the mother of invention . As his feat quickly began to overheat Polegato decided to make holes in the bottom of his shoes . "  With my pocket knife I cut holes in the right and left part of the soles and I realized the ventilation in my shoes , " he said . When Polegato returned to Italy he started to develop a shoe with holes in the sole that let air in and perspiration out . The design was patented and in 1995 Geox was founded with five employees ; today it employs 30,000 people around the world . Scientific and technological innovation has been key to Geox 's success , and the company has patented numerous new materials in rubber , leather and fabric . Each prototype is designed in Italy but to shorten delivery times the company outsources much of its manufacturing to Asia . "  We invest a lot in quality control . In every factory where we produce there is an Italian technician , a shoemaker , that controls shoe by shoe , " said Polegato . Despite being Italy 's number one shoe brand , the economic crisis has affected sales in Geox 's core market . The company 's distribution network is clogged up with last year 's stock and orders for next season are down . Read more : Unlocking China 's business potential Polegato says the solution is to look further afield than Italy and its neighboring countries : "  Our strategy now is to invest more in some countries with economic growth , like the Asia Pacific area , Eastern Europe , India and Turkey , " he said . Nearly seven years after Geox opened a megastore on Madison Avenue in New York City , the company is looking east to expand its empire . "  Our program now is to open 300 Geox stores in China , " he added .	Italian shoemaker Geox specializes in creating "  breathable " shoes and fabrics The company employs 30,000 people around the world and has nearly 1,200 stores Economic downturn means Geox is planning to invest in Asia
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- A 12-mile oil slick near where an Air France jet crashed Monday into the Atlantic Ocean indicates the plane likely did n't break up until it hit the water , Brazil 's defense minister said Wednesday . Image released by the Brazilian Air Force shows oil slicks in the water near a debris site . If true , that would argue against an in-flight explosion as the cause of the crash of Air France Flight 447 , Defense Minister Nelson Jobim told reporters . But Robert Francis , former vice chairman of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , said the question of determining where a plane broke up "  is a very difficult one to deal with . " He told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that "  there are lots of things that cause a plane to go out of control . " He added that extremely strong winds are not unusual near Brazil . Pilots who fly over that part of the world keep track of radar and "  are very , very wary about the weather as they go back and forth down in that area . " Jobim said currents had strewn the debris widely and that the search area had been expanded to 300 square miles . The Airbus A330 , carrying 228 people , went down about three hours after beginning what was to have been an 11-hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . No survivors have been found . Map of Flight AF 447 's flight path " Investigators have not determined what caused the plane to crash . The flight data recorders have not been recovered , and the plane 's crew did not send any messages indicating problems before the plane disappeared . Watch as high seas hamper recovery " The Brazilian Air Force said it found the oil slick and four debris fields Wednesday , but rain and rough seas kept searchers from plucking any of the debris from the water . Among Wednesday 's finds were objects in a circular 5-kilometer  3-mile  area , including one object with a diameter of 7 meters  23 feet  and 10 other objects , some of which were metallic , Brazilian Air Force spokesman Jorge Amaral said . Searchers had found two debris fields Tuesday and identified the wreckage as coming from Flight 447 . The debris was found about 650 kilometers  400 miles  northeast of the Fernando de Noronha Islands , an archipelago 355 kilometers  220 miles  off the northeast coast of Brazil . It included an airplane seat and an orange float . Wednesday 's debris find was about 90 kilometers  56 miles  south of Tuesday 's discoveries , Amaral said . Eleven aircraft and five ships are engaged in the search , including airplanes from France and the United States . Watch as experts question whether recovery is possible " The NTSB said Wednesday it has accepted an invitation from the French aviation accident investigation authority , the Bureau d'Enquetes et d'Analyses , to aid in the investigation . NTSB Acting Chairman Mark V. Rosenker has designated senior air safety investigator Bill English as the U.S. accredited representative . The U.S. team will include technical advisers from the Federal Aviation Administration ; General Electric , which made the plane 's engines ; and Honeywell , which made the plane 's data recorders . The aircraft 's computer system did send about four minutes of automated messages indicating a loss of cabin pressure and an electrical failure , officials have said . Some investigators have noted that the plane flew through a severe lightning storm . Foul play has not been ruled out . Air France had received a bomb threat May 27 for a flight from Buenos Aires , Argentina , to Paris , sources in the Argentine military and police told CNN on Wednesday . According to the officials , who had been briefed on the incident and declined to be identified because of the ongoing investigation , the Air France office in Buenos Aires received the threat from a man speaking Spanish . Authorities checked the Boeing 777 and did not find anything . Security was tightened during check-in for Flight 415 , which left on time and without incident , the officials said . Although officials have said the likelihood of finding survivors of Flight 447 's crash is small , authorities have not closed the door on the possibility . "  Until the aircraft is identified , and the remains indicate that survival is technically impossible , we will maintain the possibility that there could be survivors , " Amaral said . The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany . The remaining victims were from 29 other countries , including three passengers from the United States . French officials said Wednesday they may never find the jet 's flight data recorders . The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates the ocean depth in the area at 3,000 meters  about 9,840 feet  to 7,500 meters  24,600 feet  . Brazilian officials have said the sea depth in the area is around 2,000 to 3,000 meters  6,562 to 9,842 feet  . "  We need time to reach the recorders , " said Paul-Louis Arslanian , head of France 's accident investigation bureau . The recorders are built to emit locator signals for up to 30 days . The French government has sent a research vessel carrying a deep-diving submersible to where the debris was found . "  Recorders from time to time were found after the 30 days , but I 'm not so optimistic , " Arslanian said . "  It 's not only deep , it 's also very mountainous at that place of the ocean . " But Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva expressed optimism that the flight data recorders would be found . "  I think that a country with the ability to retrieve oil from 6,000 meters  3.7 miles  underwater can retrieve a plane from 2,000 meters  1.2 miles  . The truth is , we are going to see -- I 'm not a specialist and do n't want to give predictions of what will happen , " Lula said , according to the Brazilian state news agency . A memorial for the victims of Flight AF 447 , which included 61 people from France , 58 Brazilians , 26 Germans and people from 29 other countries , took place Wednesday at the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris . Brazil has declared three days of mourning . CNN correspondent John Zarrella in Rio de Janeiro and journalist Brian Byrnes from Buenos Aires contributed to this report .	NEW : Oil slick may argue against an in-flight explosion , Brazilian official says NEW : Determining where plane broke up will be difficult , U.S. aviation expert says Air France flight disappeared over Atlantic Ocean after taking off from Brazil Memorial for the victims of Flight AF 447 takes place in Paris at Notre Dame
For the most part , train terminals are desperate places . They 're an unavoidable evil linking us to somewhere else -- but not before assaulting us with tepid coffee , drafty waiting rooms and smelly , ugly ticket halls . Manhattan 's Grand Central Terminal , which turns 100 this month , is a glorious exception . But it 's not just its iconic opal-faced clock  a century old and valued at more than $ 10 million  , flawless marble staircases  modeled on those in the Paris Opera House  and gleaming chandeliers  fitted with 35,000 custom-designed , low-energy light bulbs  that lend Grand Central a sense of golden age grandeur . The terminal -- not station , never station -- also has a fascinating history , with stories to rival Manhattan 's better known , pointier landmarks . Listen : Grand Central 's 100th birthday 1913 : Grand opening While trains had been running in and out of Manhattan since 1871 , it was n't until the completion of Grand Central Terminal in 1913 that New York had itself a world renowned transportation icon . The Vanderbilt family constructed the 48-acre site  the little polished brass acorns adorning every clock and light fixture reflect the family symbol  , inadvertently triggering a 20-year Midtown construction boom that added the likes of the Helmsley and Chrysler Buildings to the city 's skyline . If it were n't for Grand Central , all those 1990s disaster movies would have looked very different . 1942 : A president rolls in At 200 feet , Grand Central boasts the deepest basement in New York City . This is where some of the terminal 's shadiest secrets are concealed . Among them is a hidden platform connecting a presidential getaway train to an area beneath the Waldorf Astoria hotel . The secret platform was constructed for Franklin D. Roosevelt during World War II . The polio-suffering president 's armored carriage was specifically designed to limit lateral movement , allowing him to travel while keeping his disability secret from the American public . So why is it still a rusty relic beneath Grand Central , rather than a museum showpiece ? Simple : It weighs 142 metric tons -- you try moving it . 1944 : Winning the war Another of the terminal 's great subterranean secrets is M42 -- a hidden basement and the deepest accessible underground point in Manhattan . Not that you 'll ever go there -- the existence of the area was officially denied by the building 's owners until the late 1980s and it does n't even appear on the original blueprints . So what 's the big secret ? The room -- named after Grand Central 's 42nd Street location -- houses a series of rotary converters , which , back in the 1930s , provided the power that electrified the terminal 's 63 tracks . During World War II , these tracks linked thousands of shaven grunts and other instruments of war to the ports that would ship them out to the front lines . Despite Grand Central 's strategic significance , however , a bucket of sand tipped into one of these converters would have been enough to bring the terminal -- and 80 % of the country 's eastbound military movement -- to a standstill . This vulnerability was nearly exploited by a pair of Nazi saboteurs in November 1944 , but their plot was scuppered by an FBI manhunt . Commuters join celebrities for Grand Central 's 100th birthday 1957 : To infinity  but not much further A small hole in the ceiling of the main concourse , just near the constellation of Pisces , is an unlikely legacy of the space race . The hole was left behind after a Redstone rocket was hoisted up inside the terminal in an attempt to get the U.S. public excited about space exploration . So eager was the government to counteract anxiety around the Russian Sputnik launch , that it forgot to check whether the rocket would fit in the building . 1968 : Demolition looms By the late 1960s , the growing popularity of interstate highways and air travel had taken a toll on the country 's railroads , leaving Grand Central a stinking , hobo-infested eyesore . It was condemned to be demolished until the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission stepped in to declare the building a historic landmark . Grand Central was saved , but there was still the problem of what to do with the guys and gals using the Beaux Arts masterpiece as their own personal living quarters and latrine . Rather than force out the homeless , city officials addressed each and every member of Grand Central 's homeless community on a case-by-case basis . The vast majority ended up in permanent housing . 1990 : A green role model While these days you 'll do well to walk more than half a Manhattan block without tripping over some sort of green waste initiative , back in the early 1990s , Manhattan was chugging out as much CO2 as everyone else . Setting an example for contemporary recycling programs , Grand Central overnight became the biggest recycling plant in the United States when it introduced newspaper bins in 1990 , collecting five tons of waste in its first day . However , not everyone loved the scheme . When The New York Times noticed the introduction of the bins coincided with a hefty dent in sales  thanks to commuters salvaging dumped papers rather than buying their own  , they reacted swiftly . Since 2001 , they 've been paying a significant fee each year to maintain craftily designed bins that prevent people from removing discarded papers . 1998 : A lick of paint Grand Central 's mid-1990s makeover took 12 years to complete . During this time everything from light bulbs to the gigantic ceiling skyscape were painstakingly scraped , scrubbed and polished back to their prewar glory . But what do you do when the quarries from which you procured your original marble have closed ? Order them to be reopened , of course , and , while you 're at it , pull masonry technicians out of retirement to make sure everything is properly prepared and fitted . This goes some way to explaining why the whole restoration project cost more than $ 160 million . 2000s : Top of the shops Of the 700,000 people who pass through Grand Central every day , an estimated 10,000 do n't have a ticket . They 're not fare dodgers , they 're shoppers , who together shell out $ 150 million every year on lattes , oyster dinners , MacBooks and more . The terminal houses 50 shops , 20 casual eateries and five restaurants and cocktail lounges . In terms of spend per square foot , that makes the terminal the most commercially successful shopping center in the United States . 2008 : A viral hit Grand Central has been immortalized in scores of Hollywood movies -- credits include "  North By Northwest , " "  Serpico , " "  The Untouchables " and , um , "  Little Nicky " -- but by far its most memorable theatrical moment came when drama collective ImprovEverywhere scared rush hour commuters with this incredible stunt . More than 200 of the group 's "  agents " froze perfectly still , in unison , for five minutes , giving everyone else the impression that they 'd just stumbled upon some cataclysmic rift in the space-time continuum . The result ? More YouTube views than Keyboard Cat . 2012 : Storm savior While its 100-year history has seen it take on the role of everything from government propaganda auditorium to glitzy shopping mall , Grand Central remains a transportation hub , and an efficient one . Just as it did on 9/11 -- when , despite all other transport networks shutting down , it had the city evacuated by 2 p.m. -- Grand Central played a key role in getting New Yorkers to safety ahead of October 's superstorm Sandy . Very rarely has the terminal 's marble concourse looked as cavernous as it did when the last Metro-North Railroad train fled to higher ground -- probably not since the Vanderbilts declared Grand Central open almost 100 years previously , in fact . iReport : Photos from the centennial celebration 2013 : 100 up On February 1 , 2013 , this grand dame of the railway world celebrates its 100th birthday . A brass band will play on the main concourse , actors , poets and celebrities will swan around and shops and restaurants will adopt a 1913 pricing strategy -- including 6 cents for a loaf of rye bread from Zaro 's Bakery and $ 2 for silk scarves from Toto . Grand Central Terminal , 87 E. 42nd St. , New York ; open daily from 5:30 a.m.-2 a.m. ; www.grandcentralterminal.com Details about centennial celebrations can be found online .	Terminal 's opening turned New York into a world renowned transport icon Nazi sabotage event in 1944 foiled by the FBI Today , terminal is as much a tourist destination as a transport hub Per square foot , it 's the most commercially successful shopping center in U.S.
EW.com  -- If there 's one thing that TV Land sitcoms are known for besides their old-school laughs , it 's their genius stunt casting of television faves . EW has exclusively learned that Fran Drescher 's show "  Happily Divorced " has just booked two TV greats -- Rosie O'Donnell and Dan Akyroyd -- to appear on separate episodes slated for the end of May . O'Donnell will play Katie O'Grady , an old high school friend of Fran  Drescher  and Judi  Tichina Arnold  who arrives to help Fran learn a lesson about her relationship with her overbearing mother Dori  Rita Moreno  . Meanwhile , Akyroyd plays a potential love interest -- described as "  charming and successful " -- that Fran 's ex Peter  John Michael Higgins  sets up for her . "  Happily Divorced " is currently airing its second season on Wednesday at 10:30 p.m. and will wrap its current batch of episodes on June 6 . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Happily Divorced " has just booked two TV greats -- Rosie O'Donnell and Dan Akyroyd O'Donnell will play Katie O'Grady , an old high school friend of Fran  Drescher Akyroyd plays a potential love interest that Fran 's ex Peter  John Michael Higgins  sets up for her
St Petersburg  CNN  -- St Petersburg has been a city of splendor for more than three centuries , and bears the name of the man who dreamt it all up : Tsar Peter the Great . But since Vladimir Putin took power in 2000 , this city has been best known as the hometown of the president , and those in his inner circle who call the shots within the Kremlin and in business . Anna Scherbakova , bureau chief for the financial daily Vedomosti , said the power structure of "  Team Putin , " is woven through with the city 's elite . "  There are a lot of St Petersburg-born people in the Russian cabinet , " she said . "  Also the CEOs of the Russian big monopolies like Gazprom , like Rosneft , like Sberbank . " In a symbol of the city 's rising prominence , the state-run energy giant Gazprom will move its headquarters here next year at a cost of nearly $ 2 billion . The St Petersburg International Economic Forum , or SPIEF , is Putin 's version of Davos . It is a showcase event for his administration and a chance for CEOs of the Global 100 to rub shoulders with those who matter most in this near $ 2 trillion economy . But it is obvious , with a long , long list of no shows from corporate America and Europe , the tone has changed dramatically for the worse at SPIEF 2014 . According to Scherbakova , "  it could painful for the president 's self esteem . " A year ago , the forum kicked off what was designed to be a smooth agenda of orchestrated events . German Chancellor Angela Merkel shared the stage with the president in a panel that I chaired . Tensions between them were obvious , but so too were overriding bilateral trade interests . A few months later , Putin talked of re-igniting growth as he hosted the G20 Summit in St Petersburg . In December , he moved to rescue Ukraine with a $ 15 billion bailout for his old ally , the now ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich . Shortly thereafter , he was hosting the high-priced Sochi Winter Olympics . But it is Putin 's annexation of Crimea and unrest in Eastern Ukraine which will define 2014 and very likely his legacy . Putin 's popularity has skyrocketed at home , but that is weighed against economic isolation abroad . During the height of the Western-led banking crisis , Putin chided co-members of the G8 for their careless ways and lack of corporate governance . Today , the economic tide of growth has moved out on Russia . And that , according to Peter Truscott , former UK Energy Minister and Putin biographer , will force the Kremlin to take measured steps going forward . "  If a military conflict were to spread into Ukraine , against the background of further economic and trade sanctions , then I think Putin might lose support , " Truscott said . "  That 's why I think Russia is very wary of full military intervention in eastern and southern Ukraine at the moment . " In the spring of 2013 , the Russian president promised protestors he would raise their standards of living by fostering investment . Having most U.S. and many European corporate leaders staying away from his annual gathering on the Neva River will not assist in the effort . And the event that was scheduled to round off the president 's calendar on the global stage -- the G8 summit , due to be held during St Petersburg 's long white nights -- has been canceled . Instead , there will only be the G7 in Brussels . READ MORE : The European Union needs a new vision WATCH MORE : Is the EU out of its economic crisis ? EXPLORE : Protest parties shake up Europe election	St Petersburg , dreamt up by Tsar Peter the Great , is now best known as president Vladimir Putin 's hometown Last year Putin used SPIEF -- Russia 's Davos -- to showcase his international links and political influence This year , the Ukraine crisis is overshadowing the forum , and many executives are staying away from Putin The president 's ambitions to foster investment and raise living standards has been stymied by the crisis
CNN  -- The massacre of students and a teacher within the seemingly safe hallways of Columbine High School reverberated so strongly that its reflection can be found in the creations of multiple artists , writers , musicians , and filmmakers over the past decade . "  Elephant , " musician Marilyn Manson , and the bestseller "  Nineteen Minutes " entered the spotlight post-Columbine . "  It was n't the first school shooting , but it became the extreme case , " said Robert Thompson , founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  The word ` Columbine ' became a word that represented something much , much larger than that particular high school . " Columbine , in some ways , represents the broad insecurity triggered by extreme acts of violence . Littleton , Colorado , is as picturesque as the set of a family film . And thanks in part to the 24-hour news cycle , the world witnessed scenes that appeared to be out of a movie : bloodied victims escaping through windows and frightened teens scurrying to safety as law enforcement descended . Film critic Desson Thomson said films such as Gus Van Sant 's "  Elephant " do not have to reach far into the American psyche to tell a tale of horror in a post-Columbine world . "  Columbine is now a little like the way 9/11 is engrained in our cultural perspective , so that something like ` Elephant ' does n't even have to directly allude to it , " he said . "  Because we were so immersed in Columbine ... the filmmakers know that the audience has that reference point , so it does n't take much to even poke at that for all of that dimension to come swimming through our consciousness . " "  Elephant , " which won two awards at the Cannes Film Festival in 2003 , dramatized a normal day at a high school that is about to become the scene of a planned mass slaughter by a pair of friends . Television shows such as "  Law & Order " and "  Cold Case " also delved into the lives of fictitious teens on murderous rampages . But music is the one medium that seemed almost primed for an interpretation of the day 's events . Shock rocker Marilyn Manson weathered speculation that his songs may have influenced the pair of young murderers . He addressed the issue in a Rolling Stone magazine article in 1999 . "  When it comes down to who 's to blame for the high school murders in Littleton , Colorado , throw a rock and you 'll hit someone who 's guilty , " Manson wrote . "  We 're the people who sit back and tolerate children owning guns , and we 're the ones who tune in and watch the up-to-the-minute details of what they do with them . " The spotlight on Manson did n't discourage other artists from referencing Columbine in their songs , music videos and lyrics . Genres from rock to rap reflected on the tragedy . Manson himself released an album titled "  Holy Wood  In the Shadow of the Valley of Death  " that contained songs alluding to the massacre . In the single "  The Nobodies , " Manson appeared to reiterate statements from his first-person piece in Rolling Stone with the lyrics "  Some children died the other day , We fed machines and then we prayed , Puked up and down in morbid faith , You should have seen the ratings that day . " Music , TV and film were not the only media that reacted to the shootings . In 2005 , an independent video game developer released "  Super Columbine Massacre RPG ! , " a role-playing game that allowed users to imagine themselves as the Columbine gunmen and act out the violence . Scott Steinberg , publisher of DigitalTrends.com , said the game is not indicative of the game market as a whole . He pointed out that that 85 percent of video games are rated "  E for everyone " "  E10 plus " or "  T for Teen . " Fewer violent video games are being produced today , Steinberg said , despite the perception that the industry mostly produces "  spray and slay " entertainment . "  The industry is becoming a lot more sensitive in realizing that we have a medium that reaches more people than ever , " Steinberg said . iReport.com : How did Columbine affect you ? Littleton , Colorado , was also very much on the mind of bestselling author Jodi Picoult when she came up with the idea for her popular 2007 novel "  Nineteen Minutes . " "  I have three children and I was watching all of them , at different points in their school careers , being bullied , " she said . "  It got me wondering why , in a post - Columbine world , we have n't figured this out yet . " Picoult 's novel told the story of a bullied , alienated high school student who commits an act of violence . Records have since been released disputing that Klebold and Harris were outcasts or the targets of bullying . Picoult said it was powerful for her to speak with Columbine survivors . She received a standing ovation from families in Littleton during a book event held there . "  It was really moving , " she said . "  You realize that the people who want to talk about it the most are the people who lived through it . The one thing I think we have learned , and the one thing I thing pop culture is good for , is the more that we see it pop up , the more we are reminded that this is a worthy subject . "	Columbine tragedy provided fodder for several creative works Musicians , writers , filmmakers and game developers responded with projects "  Elephant " an example of film that tackled the tragedy Marilyn Manson responded to allegations his music helped inspire massacre
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- The Turkish military said Friday it is weighing bids from American , Russian and Chinese defense contractors as it seeks to buy at least $ 1 billion worth of long-range missile defense systems . The Turkish military says a missile defense deal could include U.S. Patriot missile systems . Among the missile systems Turkey is considering are U.S. Patriot missile systems , the military said . "  We will purchase four batteries , " Turkish armed forces spokesman Metin Gurak announced at a weekly press briefing in the Turkish capital , according to the state news agency , Anatolian . "  The actual figure will be determined during the bidding process , but the cost is expected to be around $ 1 billion . " The news contradicts earlier reports in the Turkish and American media that the Turkish military was considering purchasing as much as $ 7.8 billion worth of Patriot missiles from the United States . Turkish diplomats and military commanders have denied speculation that the Patriots could be used as part of U.S.-backed missile defense shield against its eastern neighbor , Iran . "  It is wrong to draw links between the Patriot and Iran , " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told CNN 's sister network , CNN Turk , Friday morning . "  We neither have a perception of threat from any of the neighboring countries , nor have any military or security related preparation against them . " Thursday , the Obama administration announced it was scrapping a missile defense program for Eastern Europe , after years of angry objections from Russia . The White House has said the program was aimed at protecting allies from Iran , not from Russia . Read the story Russia is Turkey 's largest trading partner . Meanwhile , relations have warmed considerably between the Iranians and the Turks in recent years . The Turkish government is putting itself forward as a neutral party , offering to host talks between Iran and the United States , France , Germany , Britain , Russia and China on Iran 's controversial nuclear program . But Turkey is also a member of the NATO military alliance , and it has long had close military ties with Washington . During the first Gulf War , Patriot missile batteries were temporarily stationed on Turkish territory . Turkish officials say the missile defense batteries it wants to buy would be part of a larger , long-term program to modernize the country 's military . Prominent Turkish intellectuals have questioned the purchase . "  Does Turkey really need these missiles ? " asked Lale Kemal , a columnist who writes about military affairs for Turkey 's Zaman newspaper . "  Turkish military acquisition projects are not going through parliamentary or government scrutiny . We do n't have a transparent military procurement system . So how can I or anyone say that Turkey needs them ? " Defense contractors have until Oct. 13 to submit bids for the missile defense package .	Turkey considering bids to supply at least $ 1 billion worth of defense systems Country 's military says potential deal includes U.S. patriot missiles Some question whether Turkey really needs to purchase extra missiles Obama scrapped U.S. plans for a missile defense shield in eastern Europe
CNN  -- A low-slung skyline . A slate gray sky . Rumbling . Close your eyes . It could be the sound of rolling thunder . Instead , it 's another shell falling on a neighborhood in Homs . Photos : Slaughter in Syria "  You do n't know if the rocket is going to come in your living room or in your kitchen , " said an activist who is being identified only as Danny for his safety . "  Everyone 's becoming used to death here . " Blood , he says , has become almost as commonplace as water . Still , the scenes are almost unbelievable . "  I saw really horrible things I 've never seen in my life , " he said . "  Kids in the hospital , a kid with his whole jaw gone . a little girl , a kid , she 's 4 years old , she 's dead , her sister 's 6 years old , she lost her left eye and her mother is in intensive care . " As the world talks about how to respond to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's bloody crackdown on the uprising in his country , opposition activists in the country say his military and security services are engaged in a vicious campaign of destruction meant to wipe out the opposition . Almost nothing , it seems , is off limits , they say -- not shelling , not snipers , not torture . To hear al-Assad tell it , the violence is the work of terrorists , and his troops are martyrs to the state 's effort to secure peace . But eyewitness accounts and videos streaming out of Syria on the Internet paint a starkly different picture . Syrian rebel leadership is split Where state television shows the Syrian president surrounded by clerics in a peaceful prayer , opposition video shows an injured man being hustled into a makeshift medical clinic from the back of a bloody pickup truck , mothers crying in the street . Opinion : Al-Assad missed chance to reform Syria Where official images depict a cheering crowd waving Syrian and Russian flags during a visit from the Russian foreign minister , opposition video shows crowds of apparently unarmed civilians running through the streets in terror from explosions that blacken and bloody the streets . And where the state-run SANA news agency says armed terrorist gangs are to blame for the violence , activists point to images of children , their bodies studded by shrapnel , running fearfully in rubble-strewn streets or asking , from under thick bandages enveloping a tiny head , what they 've done to deserve such violence . Rocket attacks , blood in the streets and fight for freedom In one video shot by activists , a man cradles the lifeless body of a child . Smoke rises from a shelled building . Gunfire and explosions echo through the streets . Not even the makeshift clinics where people try to help horribly injured civilians are safe . "  They hit one of our field hospitals yesterday , " the activist identified as Danny told CNN on Monday . "  The doctors died , the patients died . " Snipers and tanks from the Syrian armed forces -- at nearly 400,000 strong , according to the U.S. State Department , one of the largest in the Middle East -- stalk the streets . Barricades keep their quarry from freely moving , according to activists who say day-and-night shelling often hits residential neighborhoods . Homs is not the only target . Troops raided Daraa in April , shortly after the uprising began , according to Syrian opposition groups . They shot indiscriminately , sometimes into homes , opposition activists have said . Significant numbers of deaths have also been reported in Damascus and its suburbs , as well as Deir Ezzor , Aleppo , Idlib , Latakia , and Hama . Throughout the country , government forces have taken over schools and hospitals to use as detention centers and sniper nests , Human Rights Watch reported this week . A father told investigators he stopped allowing his 10-year-old son attend school because of snipers targeting travelers on the road leading to school . "  We called it ` the street of death ' , " Human Rights Watch quoted the man as saying . Human rights groups also say security forces have taken and tortured children . "  Children have not been spared the horror of Syria 's crackdown . Syrian security forces have killed , arrested , and tortured children in their homes , their schools , or on the streets , " said Lois Whitman , children 's rights director at Human Rights Watch . One former adult detainee said security forces seem to target children for special abuse . "  There is torture , but there is also rape for the boys , " Human Rights Watch quoted the man as saying . "  We would see them when the guards brought them back to the cell , it 's indescribable , you ca n't talk about it . " While many suffer in detention centers , even more suffer in formerly peaceful neighborhoods . In a video shot Monday , a man perched on an urban rooftop in Homs nervously chants All	NEW : "  Everyone 's becoming used to death here , " an activist in Homs says Syrians endure a hellish existence amid government 's crackdown Images shot by activists paint a starkly different picture than official government accounts "  We are getting killed every moment , " an activist says
CNN  -- Wander into any gaming forum thread , chat room or multiplayer-action communications , and you quickly discover that gamers can be an insensitive lot . But there are also instances where the hardcore , win-at-all-costs trash talking goes silent and they band together to do good . Such was the case recently when players and game developers turned heartbreak over the death of a young compatriot into cash to fight cancer . "  MechWarrior Online " is a game that lets players control powerful war machines  "  Mechs "  and fight each other for dominance on the battlefield . The game is still in beta testing and plans to launch in mid-September but boasts more than 1.1 million registered pilots . Five-year-old Sarah Marie Alida Parries of Vancouver , British Columbia , was one of them . She would pilot her favorite style of Mech -- called a Jenner -- with her father , Jon , and often dominated her much-older opponents . Then , in May , she lost her battle with inoperable brain cancer . The courage and energy she displayed along the way inspired Infinite Games Publishing and Piranha Games , the makers of "  MechWarrior , " to honor her in a unique way . A customized war machine called "  Sarah 's Jenner " is now available in the game for $ 10 . And all proceeds from its sale go to the Canadian Cancer Society . "  Sarah 's passion for ` Mechs ' and her battle with cancer had a profound impact on everyone at Piranha , " said Russ Bullock , president of Piranha Games , in a news release . "  She was an inspiration , with her passion and energy for the game and our hearts and deepest condolences go out to her family . "  The outpouring of heartfelt sympathy from the MechWarrior community and the support and encouragement we 've received to develop this unique ` Mech ' has been nothing short of incredible . " Sarah 's family worked with the team to make Sarah 's Mech a possibility . The Jenner was her favorite chassis "  because she liked to move fast , lock on and liked using night vision , " according to her father . But it 's personalized with an exterior design that includes images of a pony , rainbow , teddy bear and pink peace symbol . Players can get the new Mech until August 20 . Proceeds from the sale are being kept in a running tally on a special page on the MechWarrior website . As of Friday , more than $ 54,000 had been raised . The organizers say non-players interested in contributing should reach out to their local cancer societies .	Sarah Parries , 5 , was avid "  MechWarrior Online " player before her death in May The game 's developer created a "  Mech " designed and named in her honor Proceeds from its sale go to the Canadian Cancer Society It 's raised more than $ 54,000
New York  CNN  -- The teen who mysteriously turned up in New York with apparent amnesia emptied her bank account and left behind "  everything " before she left her home in Washington , police told CNN . The woman , now identified as Kacie Aleece Peterson , 18 , of Hansville , Washington , withdrew about $ 400 from her Bank of America account , said Scott Wilson , spokesman for the Kitsap County Sheriff 's Office in Washington . But Peterson "  left everything , " including her wallet , identification , cell phone , clothes and even her bike , which was secured outside a Wal-Mart , Wilson said . Police still do not know how Peterson traveled cross-country to New York City . The woman mysteriously turned up in Manhattan two weeks ago , claiming to have no memory of her family , her home -- or even her own name . There 's no indication that she 's feigning her memory loss , said Paul Browne , deputy commissioner of the New York Police Department . At the same time , because Peterson is an adult , authorities have not ruled out the theory that she left home to re-establish herself elsewhere , Wilson said . The teen 's father , Henry Peterson of Colville , Washington , told Kitsap County authorities his daughter had occasional memory lapses , Wilson said . In May , Kacie Peterson was found lying on the ground next to a creek at the family farm , Wilson said . She had blacked out and did not remember who she was , he said . Kacie Peterson was briefly hospitalized after the incident , he said . Her father also told investigators that in another incident his daughter was found unconscious on her bedroom floor , Wilson said . Henry Peterson reported his daughter missing on October 2 , Wilson said , after the family friend she lived with told him that the last time she saw Kacie Peterson was September 30 . Kacie Peterson moved in June from eastern Washington with her father to western Washington to live with a friend of her mother , who died when she was 7 , Wilson said . Henry Peterson told police he agreed to the transition , Wilson said . The teen 's father described their relationship as "  difficult " and "  that he had put too much pressure on his daughter to do well and get good grades , " Wilson said . Kacie Peterson , a high school senior , started anew at Kingston High School in Kingston , Washington , but only attended for three weeks , said Chris Case , director of community relations for North Kitsap school district . Enrolled in the Running Start program there , Kacie Peterson had two advanced placement classes at the school and also classes at Olympic College in Poulsbo , about 10 miles away , Case said . Kingston high school officials said Kacie Peterson was quiet , shy and that "  she had no friends , " Wilson said . The last time she showed up for class was on September 29 , Case said . The next time some employees of the school saw the student she was sporting a new look . "  The school here is telling me she had long hair past her shoulders , " Case said . In the photo New York police showed of the teen during their investigation to identify her , Kacie Peterson had hair that looked only about a couple of inches long on top and tapered low on the sides . Police asked for help identifying the teen after she was found in midtown Manhattan around 12:30 a.m. on October 9 outside the Covenant House youth shelter . The organization had said she was not a resident at the time and did not appear as if she intended to seek refuge at the facility . A security guard for the shelter noticed her walking around on the sidewalk near Covenant House and approached her . Finding her unresponsive , he called police . Officers interviewed her , but it became clear that she could n't provide authorities with any information about herself . A photo of the then-unidentified woman aired on CNN , and a viewer in Maryland who was familiar with Kacie Peterson alerted authorities . Police established a positive identification . Police say they do not know how she lost her memory . She is still in New York and receiving care from the city agency , Browne said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Khadijah Rentas , Erica Hill and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	"  Jane Doe " identified as Kacie Aleece Peterson , 18 , of Hansville , Washington Police tell CNN she got $ 400 from bank , but left wallet , ID , cell phone , clothes Police still do not know how Peterson traveled cross-country to New York City Her father says Kacie has suffered from memory problems before
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- After a town hall meeting on health-care reform in Belgrade , Montana , President Obama will escape to Big Sky country on Friday evening where he 'll spend time with family and go fly-fishing for the first time . White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel carries fly-fishing tackle to Marine One on Friday . Fly-fishing requires a singular focus , much like golf . Having newly discovered the sport myself , it occurred to me as I watched Marine One lift off the South Lawn on Friday that there are probably some lessons on the river that could apply to Obama 's presidency . Thinking like a producer , I called an expert -- fly-fishing instructor Tony Derosier , who described the evolution most fishermen go through . "  Usually , when you first go fishing , all you want to do is catch a fish , and then all you want to do is catch a lot of fish , and then you just want to catch the larger fish . After you 've caught a lot of large fish , you kind of go back to square one and catch just one fish , " said Derosier , manager at Taylor Creek Fly Shop in Aspen , Colorado . "  You basically just want to go fishing -- the numbers , the size , it does n't matter any more . " Obama is in the "  big fish " stage of his presidency : He 's trying to get health-care reform legislation passed hook , line , and sinker . If he 's successful , anything else he gets passed will be icing on the cake . Learning the fundamentals of fly-fishing can serve as a metaphor for health care reform . Obama just needs to look at hooking and landing Blue Dog Democrats and Republicans like he would trout . The first step -- learn how to cast . "  Fly-casting is all about maximizing the energy you put in your rod and you lose energy if you wait too long , " Derosier said . "  And conversely , if you do n't wait long enough , your line will crack like a whip . " Obama has to strike the right balance between rushing things through and losing momentum ; and maintaining support while bringing others over to his side . The second step -- reading the water : "  Instead of blindly casting anywhere in the river you want to understand where you might find fish , " Derosier explained . Obama zeroed in on a fairly conservative state , Montana , where he faces a land full of skeptics about his health care reform plan . Third -- hook and land the fish : Derosier said once you hook the fish you have to know how to play the fish , which is a delicate balance between applying pressure but not so much that the line breaks -- much like the delicate balance of Obama 's courting members of Congress . "  The ultimate goal is to gain an advantage over the fish so that you can land him , " he said . "  It 's the hardest thing to teach when it comes to fly-fishing , " he said . Out in Montana , the game is catch-and-release trout . But in Washington , Obama is trying to hook Congress and take home health care reform , or risk it being the big one that got away .	CNN White House producer : Fly-fishing is a metaphor that fits Obama 's presidency Beginning anglers desire to catch bigger and bigger fish , expert says Obama is in the "  big fish " stage of his presidency , Shawna Shepherd writes Delicate processes of political success are like casting , reading the water , etc. .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As Markus Winkelhock took to the sodden track of last week 's European Grand Prix in Nuerburgring he went where one Winkelhock had been before , his father Manfred Winkelhock . Nico Rosberg  left  gets a pep talk from his world championship-winning father at this year 's Monaco Grand Prix Winkelhock junior 's first grand prix -- and possibly last for some time , now that Christijan Albers ' vacated Spyker seat has gone to Sakon Yamamoto -- will be talked about for years to come . His decision to run on extreme wet tires on lap three saw him leading the race by 33 seconds before the race was suspended for the second time . And , although his race ended with hydraulic failure , and future drives in Formula 1 are by no means certain , he joins the rare club of drivers who have led a grand prix on their first race . It was at Nuerburgring that his father Manfred Winkelhock raced his last Formula 1 grand prix . Never a contender -- he scored only two points from 47 starts -- he was nevertheless a popular driver with the home crowd . Sadly , eleven days after the 1985 German Grand Prix at Nuerburgring , Winkelhock was killed driving a Porsche 956 at a World Sportscar event in Mosport Park , Canada . Manfred 's brothers Joachim and Thomas Winkelhock were also racing drivers ; Joachim entered seven grands prix in the 1989 season but did not pre-qualify , so did n't race . "  My father did his last F1 race at the Nuerburgring and now I 'm doing my first , " said Markus last Sunday , "  that is something special . " Underneath his Spyker overalls , Markus wore a chain around his neck , as he always does when racing . On it was the wedding ring belonging to the father who died when Markus when only five years old -- a good luck talisman given to him by his mother . Formula 1 's history has many such tales of sons following fathers into racing careers -- and in some cases the second generation drivers lost their fathers at an early age . Fatalities have been so rare in F1 in the last two decades that it 's easy to forget quite how dangerous an activity it once was . Canadian Jacques Villeneuve had celebrated his eleventh birthday a month before his father Gilles , the legendary Ferrari driver , died in practice before the 1982 Belgian Grand Prix at Zolder . Such was his status in Canada , that his remains were returned to his homeland aboard a jet of the Canadian Air Force , on the request of the government . Knowing the dangers inherent in the sport , Villeneuve junior entered F1 in 1996 . He started his first race from pole position and just missed out on the top step of the podium to his Williams team-mate , Damon Hill . In his next season Villeneuve junior achieved what his father rightly should have done , he won the World Championship . Hill too was the son of a racing legend . Graham Hill was champion in 1962 and 1968 . With the dashing demeanor , and pencil moustache , of a World War 2 flying ace , he projected an image of the true sporting Brit . But , behind the scenes , he was a tempestuous man who could be both vain and reckless . Graham Hill died in 1975 , when Damon was 15 . It is often assumed that the sons of famous drivers who follow their fathers into the sport are drifted into their seats on a wave of nepotism and inheritance . Not true of Damon , who had to work as a motorcycle courier in London to pay for his start in motor racing . Graham Hill did n't die racing . He died trying to land a Piper Aztek airplane in fog . The plane was not properly registered or insured and Hill died along with his five passengers  including Tony Brise , who was racing for Hill 's F1 team at the time  . The families of the bereaved had no choice but to sue the estate of Graham Hill for compensation . Another F1 champion to sire a racing son was American Mario Andretti . He won the 1978 world championship for Lotus and also having a successful career in the US oval circuits in both Champcar and NASCAR . His son Michael entered F1 in 1993 , paired with Ayrton Senna at McLaren . But , despite his success in Champcar , Andretti junior failed to make an impression in Formula 1 and was replaced , after just 13 races , by Mika Hakkinen . He would be the last American to compete in F1 until the appearance of Scott Speed in 2006 . The current F1 grid contains one F1-sibling and one F1-offspring . Ralf Schumacher , of course , is brother to seven-times world Champion Michael  and living proof that driving talent is n't necessarily inherited  . And Williams driver Nico Rosberg is the son of Keke Rosberg , the Finnish driver who won the world championship for Williams in 1982 . Three-time world champion Jack Brabham 's son , David raced for Brabham and Simtek in 1990 and 1994 without ever scoring points . And two-time champion Emerson Fittipaldi 's son Christian raced for three seasons in the early 1990s , scoring a total of 12 championship points . Are there other sons-of-champions waiting in the wings ? Tomas Scheckter , son of Jody Scheckter the 1979 world champion , tested for Jaguar in 2001 but was fired . He now races in the A1GP series and looks an unlikely F1 contender . 1992 world champion Nigel Mansell has supported the racing careers of sons Leo and Greg , who have both raced in single-seat racing formulae but , again , without looking obvious F1 contenders  though Greg is only 19  . And four-time world champion Alain Prost 's son Nicolas has had some success in the feeder formulae but , at 25 , is considered old compared with young blood such as Robert Kubica and Sebastian Vettel . Nelson Angelo Piquet , son of three-time championship winner , Nelson Piquet is a test driver for Renault . E-mail to a friend	Markus Winkelhock made debut at the location of his father 's last F1 race F1 has a history of father and son racers Six sons of world champions have raced in Formula 1 championships
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanon 's prime minister condemned the firing of rockets into northern Israel after an attack wounded two Israelis on Thursday . He said his government is trying to determine who was responsible . U.N. soldiers on Thursday inspect the site in Lebanon thought to be the source of rockets fired into Israel . Israel 's military warned Israeli civilians to stick close to shelters after police said at least four rockets hit near the city of Nahariya , about 6 miles  10 kilometers  south of the Lebanese border . The Israeli military said it returned fire across the border with mortars . Schools and kindergartens were closed in Nahariya and the nearby town of Shlomi , the Israel Defense Forces reported . "  What happened in the south -LSB- of Lebanon -RSB- is a violation of Resolution 1701 and is rejected by Lebanon , " Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora said , referring to the U.N. resolution that ended the 2006 conflict between Israel and Lebanon 's Hezbollah militia . In a statement issued by his office , Siniora said he has asked Lebanese authorities to investigate the attack alongside troops from the U.N. peacekeeping force deployed along the border . He also condemned the Israeli retaliatory strikes , which the Lebanese military said inflicted no casualties . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour discuss rocket attack " There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attacks , which came as Israeli airstrikes on Gaza , to the south , entered a 13th day . The Israeli campaign in Gaza is aimed at halting rocket fire from the Hamas-ruled Palestinian territory . Israel fought a similar battle against the Lebanese Shiite Muslim militia Hezbollah in 2006 , during which Hezbollah rained rockets on cities in Israeli 's north for a month before a cease-fire was reached . But Hezbollah has kept a tight rein on its forces in southern Lebanon since the cease-fire , and a number of Palestinian factions operate in southern Lebanon as well . Andrea Tenenti , a spokesman for UNIFIL , the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Lebanon , said the rockets appear to have been fired from a point about 4.5 miles east of Naqoura , where the peacekeepers are headquartered . "  We 've been intensifying our patrols on the ground in order to prevent any further incident , " Tenenti said . He said UNIFIL 's commander , Maj. Gen. Claudio Graziano , is in "  constant and close contact " with both sides "  and has urged maximum restraint in order to prevent any escalation of the situation . " CNN 's Michal Zippori in Jerusalem and Cal Perry and Nada Husseini in Beirut contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Fouad Siniora calls attack a violation of U.N. resolution NEW : Lebanese government , United Nations investigating , Siniora says Four Lebanon-based rockets strike northern Israel , authorities say Israeli military returns fire toward source of rocket attack
CNN  -- George Bernard Shaw is said to have once written , "  Progress is impossible without change , and those who can not change their minds can not change anything . " There 's no doubting ol' George would be drubbed as a "  flip-flopper " if he were to set foot in a modern political campaign  after denying he ever said that , of course  . But humans must think there 's something to it . We 've been changing our minds forever , right ? So , lest Ohio Sen. Rob Portman think he 's out there on his own in deciding he was wrong about gay marriage , here are a few examples of some famous changes of heart , both real and imagined : Bill Clinton : From Burger-Eater-in-Chief to Vegan From French fries to fried chicken , the former president 's appetite was legendary . White House pastry chef Roland Mesnier had another world for it , he told Washingtonian magazine : "  Scary . " "  He had a big appetite , scary , " the magazine quoted Mesnier as saying . "  He could eat five or six pork chops . " He loved the food at the White House so much , in fact , he gained 18 pounds between 1997 and 1999 . But a few years ago , Clinton went almost entirely vegan after two bouts of heart surgery . No more cheeseburgers , no milkshakes . No eggs . "  I essentially concluded that I had played Russian roulette , " Clinton told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta in 2011 . "  I was lucky I did not die of a heart attack , " he said . That nameless hater of green eggs and ham He does not like them , Sam-I-am . That 's what the shaggy , black-hatted thing in Dr. Seuss ' legendary childrens ' book tells hardcore ham-and - enthusiast Sam-I-Am . Finally , worn down by Sam-I-Am 's relentless badgering , the creature -- worn down -- finally relents . "  If you will let me be , I will try them , you will see . " A bit of munching , then ... "  Say , I like green eggs and ham ! I do ! I like them Sam-I-Am ! " The same can not , unfortunately , be said of the millions of children whose well-meaning parents have invoked Sam to get their children to eat vegetables . They still wo n't eat them . Not even on a goat . Brett Favre : I 'm retired . No I 'm not . I 'm retired . No I 'm not In 2008 , the Green Bay Packers quarterback decided to call it a career after 17 seasons , saying he 'd had a good run but that "  all good things must come to an end . " "  I know I can play , but I do n't think I want to , " he told reporters . But within a month , he 'd had a change of heart and said he wanted to come back . Then he did n't . Then he wanted back in . The Packers , exasperated , finally offered Favre a contract just to agree to stay retired . He refused and was eventually traded to the New York Jets , where he played for a season , then retired . Again . Until he had a change of heart and came back to play for the Minnesota Vikings . An ankle injury ended that comeback . As of this writing , at least , the future Hall of Famer is still retired . Ebenezer Scrooge : After sleeping on it ... When the world first met Ebenezer Scrooge in 1843 , it was as a miserly skinflint whose tightwad ways made him a virtual ghost among the merrymaking men and women of Victorian London . He was uncaring to the concerns of others that he 'd just as well see the poor die off to , as he would say , "  decrease the surplus population . " But , after a series of spectral visits in which he is shown Christmases past and present and learns of the dismal fate awaiting him in death , author Charles Dickens has his Scrooge awake a new man , throwing money around as if it were candy and making as merry as he could for the rest of his days . "  And it was always said of him , " Dickens wrote in the last paragraph of his novel , "  that he knew how to keep Christmas well , if any man alive possessed the knowledge . " The Apostle Paul : From scourge to saint As the New Testament tells it , Saul of Tarsus was bad news for early Christians . Acts of the Apostles describes him "  breathing threats and murder against the disciples of the Lord . " But one day , as he traveled to arrest Christians in Damascus , Saul reported seeing lights and hearing the voice of Jesus Christ asking , "  Saul , Saul , why do you persecute me ? " He took the name Paul and became the most significant evangelist of the early church . It 's from this biblical story that we get the phrase "  Damascus road experience , " describing a profound change of heart . Scientists : Sorry , Pluto , you 're off the team Back in 1930 , the scientists who thought about such things decided a newly discovered thing way out in the distant solar system was a planet , and decided to name it Pluto . But little Pluto did n't even get through one of its 248-year trips around the sun before Earth 's scientists changed their mind . A mere 76 years after earthlings first spied the planet in the black of space , they changed their collective minds . Too small , the scientists said . Too erratic . We found something bigger farther out . Heck , Pluto 's only twice as big as its moon ! It 's certainly not the only time scientists have changed their minds . But it 's one that 's captured plenty of the public 's imagination . How many planets  or , certainly , ex-planets  have their own fan site ?	History is replete with epic changes of heart Sometimes , as with Bill Clinton , outside circumstances force the change Second thoughts are a hallmark of science and religious tradition , too From Dickens to Dr. Seuss , flip-flopping is a common theme in fiction
February 11 , 2014 CNN Student News covers stories from around the world , including devastating floods in Britain , construction and conservation concerns in Costa Rica , and Olympic pride sweeping across Russia . We also examine contrasting views on whether a football player 's announcement concerning his sexuality will impact his prospects in the NFL draft . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What perspectives would you include in a report about construction that could benefit a population but also have an environmental impact ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . flood defenses 2 . biodiversity 3 . patriotism Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How has excessive rainfall caused a natural disaster in Somerset , England ? How are people there addressing the flooding ? 2 . What major construction project is underway deep in the forests of Costa Rica ? What is the purpose of this project ? Why are some concerned about its impact on the surrounding countryside ? Which animals are they most concerned about ? What is being done to protect these animals and their habitats ? 3 . According to the video , how are many Russians reacting to their country 's hosting of the Winter Olympics ? In what way is their country on "  the international stage " ? 4 . Who is Michael Sam ? What announcement did he recently make ? What are some executives and coaches saying about the announcement and its potential impact on his draft status ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What motivates someone who lives outside a disaster zone to help victims of a disaster ? How do you think help from people outside a community might impact those living in a disaster zone ? What psychological impact might this kind of help have ? 2 . Do you think that biodiversity should be considered when constructing a project that would benefit human quality of life ? Explain . 3 . What are some ways in which countries display their national pride ? What kinds of things give others a glimpse into a country 's culture ? Have you ever visited another country or attended an international event , like the Olympics ? If so , what did the experience teach you about the place you visited and the people you met ? 4 . Do you think that Michael Sam 's announcement will have an impact on his career ? Explain . If you were an NFL executive , would this announcement influence your decision to draft or not to draft Sam for your team ? Discuss . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Istanbul 's Gezi Park has seen days of sheer madness , but they have been punctuated with moments of beauty and joy . The melancholic sounds from a grand piano echoed through the park in a moment of welcome serenity Wednesday . One that traveled all the way from Germany to Turkey , so its owner could play a song dedicated to the protesters . Soon afterward , a video of the performance went viral on Facebook . Demonstrators gathered around in the darkness as Davide Martello clinked out his original composition "  Lightsoldiers . " Masks and scarves used earlier to weaken the sting of teargas dangled from their necks . Hard hats used to abate the thud of flying gas canisters and stones dotted heads in the audience . A cultural microcosm The slice of life amid the mayhem was not a rare moment . In between their protest chants and water cannon dousings , demonstrators have spent the last two weeks camping out in one of the inner city 's last green spaces -- the charming park they are attempting to save from bull dozers . The have transformed it into a cultural microcosm . Protesters have set up stations offering free food . Hordes of demonstrators have stood on pastel yoga mats in the sunlight , stretching their limbs to the sky . Others have sprawled out on the ground in clusters , musing over books on loan from an impromptu library . At least one couple has tied the knot . The violent eruptions of stone-throwing protesters clashing with police have led nearby galleries to shutter and have nixed scheduled concerts , local newspaper Hurriyet reported . As a result , many artists have strolled into the park to participate in the demonstrations . Popular TV actors have joined them , Hurriyet said . ` Good night Istanbul ' Martello , who built his piano himself and outfitted it with lighting and heating to allow him to play in the dark and the cold , dragged it down in a trailer from his hometown of Konstanz , Germany . On his way , he stopped in Bulgaria and Kosovo to give outdoor concerts there . Aside from "  Lightsoldiers , " he also tapped out a rendition of Paul McCartney 's "  Let it be . " "  And when the night is cloudy there is still a light that shines on me . Shine until tomorrow , let it be , " he sang . He left a message on Facebook for the protesters . "  Good night Istanbul , tomorrow I will playing again on the square for freedom and our rights . " Tear gas permitting .	Protesters have transformed Istanbul 's Gezi Park into a cultural enclave A pianist from Germany drove down with a self-made grand piano He composed a song for the protesters and christened it "  Lightsoldiers " There has been at least one wedding in the park
CNN  In the past eight months , ISIS has seeded itself in some dozen countries around the globe . Indicative of this was the announcement on Saturday that the Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram had pledged its "  allegiance to the Caliph of the Muslims , " ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi . The global spread of ISIS raises key questions about whether these new affiliates signal an intensification of the threat of terror . It also has important implications for the debate in Congress over Obama 's request for a new authorization to fight ISIS . Lt. Col. Michael Waltz , a U.S. Special Forces reserve officer who has just returned to the States after advising the Nigerian Ministry of Defence in its fight against Boko Haram , told me , "  So far the pledge  to ISIS  seems to be legit . " Waltz says there is some debate about the timing of the pledge , because Boko Haram has recently come under effective attacks by Nigerian forces allied with the armies of neighboring African countries that are also threatened by the group : "  Some folks in the region are saying it 's a sign of desperation , as the regional offensive by Nigeria and its neighbors has knocked Boko Haram on its heels and out of a number of its sanctuaries . The Chadians have been particularly effective . " But Waltz also says there is some evidence that the Boko Haram pledge to ISIS "  has been in the works for some time . " The group 's increasing alignment with ISIS is demonstrated by Boko Haram 's recent beheadings of its victims and its more professionally edited video releases of recent weeks that have mimicked ISIS ' slick videos . Virginia Comolli , whose book "  Boko Haram : Nigeria 's Islamist Insurgency , " will be published next month , agrees that the more sophisticated Boko Haram media releases of the past couple of months point to "  some sort of inspiration " that Boko Haram is drawing from ISIS and that recent beheadings "  might also be a form of copycat but , I shall note , they are not completely new " for Boko Haram . Comolli also emphasized to me , "  lately the government had been able to take back a number of towns under Boko Haram control . Boko Haram has always been very resilient and adaptable , changing and upping its game when needed . The pledge might be exactly that : Boko Haram has recently suffered some serious blows and feels it needs to try something different to strengthen its position . " Some 5,000 have died in Boko-related violence during the past half-decade , while more than 1.5 million have been forced out of their homes , but Boko has generally not attacked Western targets . Its affiliation with ISIS could change that although , for the moment , it 's not clear how the Boko-ISIS alliance would work from an operational standpoint . Hilary Matfess , a researcher at the Nigeria Social Violence Project at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies , told me , "  Boko Haram would be the largest group to pledge allegiance to ISIS , but it 's not certain what kinds of logistical or operational support that ISIS could provide an African affiliate . " Since August , Boko Haram is one of some 30 terrorist groups that have issued statements of support for ISIS or have gone further and pledged their allegiance to ISIS , according to IntelCenter , a Virginia-based company that tracks terrorist organizations . Of most concern are the groups that have pledged allegiance to ISIS , since this allows ISIS some measure of command and control over these organizations and also means that these groups will likely more closely align with ISIS ' goal of creating a caliphate across the Muslim world as soon as feasible and use the most reprehensible of tactics to do so . In addition to Boko Haram , terrorist groups in Afghanistan , Algeria , Egypt , Lebanon , Libya , India , Indonesia , Pakistan , the Philippines and Yemen have pledged allegiance to ISIS , according to IntelCenter . What could this mean for the wider jihadist terrorist movement ? It 's worth taking a closer look at how the Libyan branch of ISIS , which affiliated with it in November , has played out on the ground in Libya . A senior U.S. government official told me that there is some debate in the U.S. intelligence community about whether ISIS ' Libyan affiliate is more of a "  wannabe " ISIS , and a "  rebranding " of a local group that wanted to take advantage of ISIS ' fearsome brand , than a group that takes orders from ISIS central command in Syria and Iraq . On January 27 , ISIS gunmen attacked the Corinthian Hotel in the Libyan capital , Tripoli , killing 10 . Five of the victims were foreigners and one was an American . And last month ISIS released a video showing members of Egypt 's Coptic Christian minority being beheaded on a Libyan beach , apparently by members of ISIS ' Libyan affiliate . The video showed the victims in the orange jumpsuits that ISIS forces its victims to wear . Both the attack on the Corinthian Hotel and the beheading of the Christians do suggest some measure of command and control by ISIS ' core of its Libyan affiliate , according to the U.S. government official , who says Libyan fighters frequently go back and forth between Libya and Syria and Iraq . The increasing globalization of ISIS raises some interesting questions for the Obama administration and for Congress . Last month Obama put forward a proposal for a new Authorization for the Use of Military Force specifically targeting ISIS . Obama 's AUMF proposal mentions combating ISIS in its heartland of Syria and Iraq , but it does n't mention the dozen other countries where ISIS now has a presence or foothold . Interventionist Republicans will likely want to see an AUMF that specifically targets other groups allied to ISIS that are outside of Syria and Iraq . Many Democrats will be uncomfortable about such an expansion . The ball is now in Congress ' court to decide how geographically wide the scope of the fight against ISIS should be . It will be an interesting debate : on one side , those who want to prolong indefinitely what is already America 's longest war , against jihadist terrorist groups like ISIS that have affiliates from Algeria to Afghanistan ; and , on the other , those who want to circumscribe that war both in time and in space . Given the fact that a broadly written AUMF that was passed in the days after 9/11 has allowed the United States to conduct military operations in half a dozen Muslim countries over the course of the past 14 years , a new authorization that specifies both a sunset provision and also a specific geographic scope would be a useful check on executive power . And such an authorization could be amended if a substantial new threat from an ISIS affiliate emerges .	Bergen : Boko Haram is the latest of terrorist groups in 12 countries to pledge allegiance to ISIS He says the spread of ISIS poses questions for Obama , Congress in deciding future of fight against terrorism
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe described the U.S. government and Western nations as "  quite stupid and foolish " Tuesday for trying to be involved in the African country 's affairs . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has ignored international calls for him to step down . Mugabe made the comments at the funeral for a former senior soldier , just days after a top U.S. diplomat said the United States no longer supports a power-sharing deal between Mugabe and his political rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , that might pave the way for economic , health and other reforms . Jendayi Frazer , U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs , said Sunday that the U.S. felt a viable unity government was not possible with Mugabe in power . At the funeral , Mugabe reacted : "  The inclusive government ... does not include Mr. Bush and his administration . It does not even know him . It has no relationship with him . Watch U.S. say Mugabe needs to go " "  So let him keep his comments to himself . They are undeserved , irrelevant and quite stupid and foolish . Who are they to decide who should be included or should not in an inclusive government ? " Mugabe and Tsvangirai , who leads the opposition Movement for Democratic Change , signed the unity deal September 15 , but Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party and the MDC have failed to implement it because they can not agree on who should control key ministries . Under the power-sharing proposal brokered by former South African leader Thabo Mbeki , Mugabe would remain president while Tsvangirai would become prime minister . Watch what options the international community has in Zimbabwe " U.S. President George W. Bush and other leaders have urged Mugabe to step down amid a cholera epidemic that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 people since August . Mugabe blames Western sanctions for Zimbabwe 's worst economic and humanitarian crisis since independence from Great Britain 28 years ago . The nation is facing acute shortages of fuel , electricity and medical drugs . The inflation rate -- the highest in the world -- is 231 million percent . Mugabe , referring to Bush 's call for him to leave office , said : "  We realize that these are -LSB- the -RSB- last kicks of a dying horse . We obviously -LSB- are -RSB- not going to pay attention to a sunset administration . Zimbabwe 's fate lies in the fate of Zimbabweans . They are the ones who make and unmake the leaders of the country . Their decision alone is what we go by . " Bush leaves office January 20 . Tsvangirai announced Friday that his party will withdraw from efforts to form a unity government unless 42 kidnapped party members are released or brought to court to face formal charges by New Year 's Day .	President Robert Mugabe describes U.S. and West as "  stupid and foolish " Power-share deal is stalled because of dispute over control of ministries Zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis Mugabe has resisted international calls for him to step down
For the first time in what seems like ages , Congress has passed a government spending plan without resorting to last-minute brinkmanship such as midnight negotiations to prevent an imminent government shutdown . The Senate voted 64-36 on Wednesday to send the compromise federal budget framework to President Barack Obama , who has signaled his support . Last week , the budget plan easily passed the House on a 332-94 vote , with solid majorities of both parties supporting it . While Wednesday 's Senate vote was closer , nine Republicans joined the majority Democrats to provide the required majority of at least 51 votes to pass . The plan guides government spending into 2015 , defusing the chances of a shutdown like the one in October that generated public anger against Congress , particularly conservative Republicans blamed for the impasse . Budget deal : Winners and losers Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington , the budget committee leaders in both chambers , negotiated the deal that eliminates some forced spending cuts known as sequestration that both sides disliked while reducing the deficit by more than $ 20 billion in coming years . Mixed opinions An ABC News/Washington Post poll released Tuesday showed that 50 % of respondents supported the budget plan while 35 % opposed it . According to the survey , a majority of Democrats and independents backed the proposal , while only 39 % of Republicans liked it . Some Senate Republicans have said the most important issue at the moment was to lower the budget deficit , even if only by a small percentage , and avoid another damaging scenario like the 16-day government shutdown in October . GOP Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin said he wanted "  to make sure we avoid any additional government shutdowns . " "  The federal government does enough harm to our economy , " Johnson said . "  We do n't need to add additional harm by this crisis management . " Poll : Congress neck-and-neck with car salespeople , lobbyists for least honest Conservative GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said in a statement that "  sometimes the answer has to be yes . " "  Ultimately , his agreement upholds the principles conservatives stand for and , with Democrats controlling the White House and the Senate , it is the best we can hope for , " he said of the plan . Other Republicans who voted "  yes " on Wednesday were Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , John McCain of Arizona , Susan Collins of Maine , John Hoeven of North Dakota , Johnny Isakson of Georgia , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Rob Portman of Ohio . Democratic Sen. Jon Tester of Montana said his side dislikes some elements of the agreement , but that 's life in divided government when the Senate and House are controlled by different parties . "  We need to get some certainty , and that 's what this does , " he said Tuesday night on CNN , adding : "  Nothing 's going to be perfect in this world . It 's called compromise . " Budget compromise Final congressional approval was a rare example of budget bipartisanship after two years of seemingly endless confrontation and acrimony reflecting the differing ideologies of the two sides . Republicans , especially the conservative tea party wing that emerged in 2010 , want to drastically shrink the government as the main tool for reducing federal deficits and debt . Democrats insist on protecting the social safety net for the most vulnerable Americans , such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . With midterm elections next year , the Washington dysfunction has spawned public disgust reflected by polls showing support for Congress around record low levels . Obama called the deal "  a good first step away from the shortsighted , crisis-driven decision-making that has only served to act as a drag on our economy . " The plan The budget agreement , which was months in the making , eases spending caps while softening the impact of the sequestration cuts on defense and non-defense programs . It sets overall spending figures through fiscal year 2014 , which started on October 1 , as well as fiscal year 2015 , with the intent of putting off any further congressional budget stalemate until after the November election . The strong vote in the sharply divided House last week brought a collective sigh of relief among supporters , who initially thought it would sail through the Senate , where bipartisanship has been more the norm . However , some Senate Republicans -- including several in leadership positions -- came out against the bill . "  I 'd really like to stay within the  spending  caps , " complained GOP Sen. John Boozman of Arkansas . "  This busts the caps , and as a result , I 'll vote against it . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and others complained that the plan reduces some military pension benefits . He called for Obama to hold the bill until a bipartisan fix can be found . Other senators from both parties called for going back later to replace the $ 6 billion in cuts to future cost-of-living increases in military pensions with reductions elsewhere . "  These heroes lay their lives on the line for us and they deserve us to fix this provision , " Isakson said before voting for the budget agreement . Three leading tea party-backed senators with 2016 presidential aspirations -- Rand Paul of Kentucky , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Marco Rubio of Florida -- also have come out against the budget compromise for similar reasons . Democrats wary , too While Democrats support the bill , many had concerns . More liberal senators -- like Tom Harkin of Iowa -- complained that an unemployment benefit extension was not included in the deal . "  There 's over a million people now who can not find a job , out of work , and right at this time of year their unemployment insurance is being cut off , " he told Radio Iowa last week . "  It 's really unconscionable . " Do n't expect Boehner to totally change his tune	Nine Senate Republicans join Democrats in backing the budget plan Legislators call for restoring plan 's cuts to future military pension benefits President Barack Obama is expected to sign the compromise The House overwhelmingly passed the spending plan last week
South Bend , Indiana  CNN  -- The glow from the Golden Dome still is wonderfully blinding on bright days . Touchdown Jesus , the nickname of the skyscraper-sized mural on the side of the Hesburgh Library , continues to inspire with its version of Jesus stretching his arms high and wide as a football referee signaling for a touchdown . The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes , where folks have n't stopped lighting candles for miracles . The Basilica of the Sacred Heart , which resembles something straight from the Vatican . The splendid lakes . The immaculate trees , with leaves that dance in the autumn wind while dressed in various October colors . For a guy born and raised a few punts away from all of this on the campus of the University of Notre Dame , I keep hearing a depressing question : Is Notre Dame football relevant anymore ? The answer is yes , definitely yes . "  Talent-wise , we 're pretty much there , because players keep coming here to be great , and they know there is life after football when they choose to play for Notre Dame , " said Adrian Jarrell , now a senior financial analyst , who had several gigantic catches as a wide receiver for the Fighting Irish during the late 1980s and early 1990s . Those were the last of Notre Dame 's glory days . Thus the question of relevancy . "  I live in Dallas , and I hear that question all the time , " Jarrell said , chuckling , while many Irish eyes are crying . Here 's why : With Notre Dame spending another season tumbling into obscurity , there are more than a few reasons to doubt its relevancy . For one , this 125-year-old football program that made dominance famous has n't won a national championship since 1988 , when that other Gipper was in the White House . The original Gipper was George Gipp , Notre Dame 's icon of yore . Years after legendary Notre Dame coach Knute Rockne satisfied the wishes of a dying Gipp by delivering his "  Win one for the Gipper " speech before a Notre Dame game against Army during the 1920s , Gipp was portrayed in Hollywood by future U.S. President Ronald Reagan . That Gipper speech was about the last time Notre Dame won a bowl game worth mentioning . Actually , we 're talking about 1993 , when Jarrell helped Notre Dame beat Texas A&M in the Cotton Bowl . After that , the Irish dropped a National Collegiate Athletic Association  NCAA  record nine-straight bowl games , spanning from the mighty Orange to the lowly Insight . They 've won their last two bowl games , but nobody who participates in either the Sun Bowl or the Hawaii Bowl is considered a national power . They 've had four coaches since College Football Hall of Fame inductee Lou Holtz resigned after the 1996 season . Three of those post-Holtz coaches were fired , and the fourth is Brian Kelly , whose team in his second year at Notre Dame had a disturbing 31-17 home loss last Saturday to archrival Southern Cal . It dropped Notre Dame 's record to a sloppy 4-3 . Of the 120 schools at the top of the NCAA 's two-tier system , 119 of them have a better turnover margin than the Irish . Worse , Southern Cal players accused Notre Dame players and coaches of quitting during Saturday 's game . Southern Cal coach Lane Kiffin apologized to Kelly for the remarks , and Kelly joined Notre Dame players in denying the charges . Then again , those things happen when the mighty has become the meek in the minds of many . "  For anybody to say that Notre Dame ca n't win again is the most ridiculous , asinine comment I 've ever heard , because they 've got more going for them now than they 've ever had before in the history of the school , " said Holtz , 74 , now a college football analyst for ESPN . He finished his 11 years at Notre Dame with a 100-30-2 record , featuring that 1988 national championship and three other seasons with one loss or less . Holtz 's legacy at Notre Dame is even more astounding when you consider the following : Back then , Notre Dame officials did n't allow "  red shirting , " which gives players a chance to spend an extra year with a team while retaining their normal four years of eligibility . Holtz had several five-year players at Notre Dame , but that mostly was because they were exempt for medical reasons . Now , even though Notre Dame officials do n't call it red shirting , they allow five-years players for a variety of reasons . There also is Notre Dame 's change in recent years to allow freshmen to enter the university in January instead of September . It has expanded the Irish 's recruiting possibilities . Then there is the acceptance of transfers . It was discouraged for academic reasons during the Holtz era , except in rare cases . Transfers happen slightly more frequently these days at Notre Dame . Plus , former Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis and his strength coaches often complained about players suffering huge weight losses near the end of seasons . Because of football and Notre Dame 's fierce academic schedule , players were n't eating properly . Unlike other major programs , Notre Dame lacked a training table , which allows players to eat structured meals each day around class and practice times . Notre Dame finally got a training table during Weis ' last year there in 2009 , and since then , players have enjoyed meals at the Irish 's state-of-the-art football complex that was built across 96,000 square feet in 2005 . That was nearly a decade after Holtz 's era . With its multiple fields , extensive weight-training area and huge locker rooms featuring the latest in technology , the so-called Guglielmino complex  nicknamed The Gug  is eye candy for recruits . In other words , those who keep saying the Irish ca n't recruit anymore are n't paying attention . They had more players  11  on preseason "  watch lists " this year for major individual awards than any team outside of Alabama  12  . Wide receiver Michael Floyd and linebacker Manti Te'o are among several Notre Dame players tagged as future high picks in the NFL draft . Speaking of the future , there were around 50 of the nation 's top recruits at the Southern Cal game , and despite the Irish 's ugly loss , the South Bend Tribune reported that most of the recruits said they were highly impressed with the Notre Dame atmosphere . "  In the end , Brian Kelly will figure it out , just the same as Ara Parseghian did and every other coach before him , " said Holtz , referring to Notre Dame 's legacy that has produced 11 national championships and seven Heisman Trophy winners under the likes of Parseghian , Frank Leahy , Dan Devine , Rockne and , of course , Holtz . What Kelly must do to join them at Notre Dame is win , and he must do so for just shy of forever . That 's all .	South Bend , Indiana , native Terence Moore : Players come to Notre Dame "  to be great " Irish remain relevant , despite lack of national championship for 23 years , he says Several Notre Dame players are speculated as future high picks in the NFL draft
Was a police officer justified in shooting and killing Michael Brown ? That 's the question at the heart of the looming legal battles over the controversial case . What charges could Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson face ? What would state and federal authorities have to prove in order to pursue charges ? And does the fact that the gunman was a police officer change how the case could play out ? Here 's a look at what legal analysts say could happen next . Was a state crime committed ? A local grand jury has started hearing testimony , but that does n't mean any particular charges are being recommended by prosecutors at this point , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  An investigation is just an investigation . ... It 's just something that they 're looking into , " Toobin said . For a criminal case to go forward , the grand jury must decide whether a crime was committed , and whether it 's more likely than not that the accused person -- in this case , Wilson -- committed the crime , said CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin , a former federal prosecutor . After a fatal shooting , a range of charges are typically on the table , said CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos , a criminal defense attorney . "  They 're going to be anything in the spectrum of murder , manslaughter  or  negligent homicide , " he said . The prosecutor will make a recommendation to the grand jury . From there , the grand jury could decide to indict Wilson , or that there is n't enough evidence to move forward . In order to bring charges against Wilson , nine of 12 jurors will have to agree . But the prosecutor plays a key role in the hearings , which are not open to the public . "  The grand jury ultimately decides whether to indict , but it 's 100 % the prosecution 's show . ... The prosecutor could , in theory , make less of an effort if he does n't want someone indicted , " Cevallos said . Some residents and community leaders contend St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch has deep ties to the police and has favored law enforcement in criminal cases . J.Tom Morgan , a former district attorney in Georgia who knows McCulloch , defended him as fair and objective . "  I believe Mr. McCulloch will present the facts and the evidence to the grand jury and the Missouri law as he is required to do so , " Morgan said . "  We do not put defendants on trial just to see what a jury will do . " Were Brown 's civil rights violated ? As part of a federal civil rights investigation , authorities are interviewing witnesses and weighing a number of factors . Key among them : whether Wilson exhibited "  racial hostility , " Toobin said . "  The most important thing would be , did he say anything that indicates racial hostility , either before , or after , or during  the shooting  ? " Toobin said . Wilson is white , and Brown was African-American . "  The bar is very high , " Hostin said , "  and they 're difficult cases to prove . " But race does n't have to be a factor in the shooting for investigators to allege there was a federal civil rights violation , Cevallos said . Federal statute says it 's a crime for government officials "  to willfully deprive a person of a right or privilege protected by the Constitution . " Federal prosecutors could argue that Brown 's right to life was violated , Cevallos said , but it 's a tough case to make . "  They have to show that the officer intended to deprive somebody of that constitutional right . They would have to show intent to kill ... which is not a particularly easy showing to make , " he said . When can police use deadly force ? The fact that Wilson is a police officer could influence whether he faces charges -- and how the case plays out . "  Often jurors are extremely sympathetic to police officers , " said Paul Butler , a professor at Georgetown University Law School and a former federal prosecutor . "  They think , even if he made a mistake , he 's got the hardest job in the world , so they often want to cut police officers some slack . " Authorities also weigh different factors when deciding to prosecute police . "  There are issues that come up when you 're prosecuting cases against police officers , because police officers by the very nature of their jobs can use deadly force , " Hostin said . Police officers have the same rights civilians have to self defense , Cevallos said , and they also have the right to make arrests . "  To do that , " he said , "  they can use deadly force to prevent an escape . " If Brown was trying to get away from the officer , Cevallos said , the Supreme Court case Tennessee v. Garner allows the use of deadly force when an alleged felon is trying to flee if "  the suspect poses a significant threat of death or serious physical injury to the officer or others . " But given the number of times Brown was shot , along with newly released audio that may show a pause in rapid gunfire , Wilson has a lot of explaining to do , the analysts said . "  Evidence suggests that he was n't fleeing and was facing the officer , " Cevallos said . "  If that 's true ... the officer has to explain six shots . He has to explain a reason for each of those six shots . He has to have justifiably been in fear of his life or fear of some imminent serious bodily harm . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	A Missouri grand jury is considering whether to bring charges against Darren Wilson A federal civil rights investigation is also underway Analyst : Federal civil rights cases are difficult to prove Former prosecutor : "  Jurors are extremely sympathetic to police officers "
CNN  -- While President Obama continues to insist that he has no plans to use U.S. combat troops on the ground in Iraq , Vice President Joe Biden is the latest member of the administration to say there could be a time when those troops are needed . At an event in Des Moines , Iowa , where Biden joined the activist group Nuns on the Bus on Wednesday , he told a reporter that the need for ground troops would be determined "  based on how the effort goes " in Iraq , according to a media pool report . Biden 's statement came hours after the President 's spokesman , Josh Earnest , told reporters that "  The President will not review or consider options that involve putting American military personnel on the ground into a combat role . " Earnest 's message echoes the President 's , in which he pointedly said during an address to the nation two weeks ago that the fight against ISIS "  will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil . " Obama , Kerry : No U.S. troops will be sent into combat against ISIS in Iraq , Syria But questions about that comment arose Tuesday when a top military commander , Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said at a Senate hearing that he would recommend , if necessary , that U.S. ground troops "  should accompany Iraqi troops on attacks against specific ISIL targets . " At the Iowa event , Biden referred to Dempsey 's statement . "  He said that if in fact , he concluded that was needed , he would request it from the President , " Biden said , adding : "  His conclusion is that it is not needed now . " CNN 's David Chalian contributed to this story .	Vice President Joe Biden suggests ground troops could be used in the future in Iraq Earlier , President 's spokesman said Obama wo n't consider ground troops for Iraq combat
CNN  -- As the violence intensifies in Syria , external powers , including the United States , are embracing increasingly belligerent positions . Indeed , in recent days the United States and Turkey have announced plans to study a no-fly zone after calls by many American commentators for a more direct military role . Although there is no doubt the government of President Bashar al-Assad carries the overwhelming responsibility for the unfolding tragedy in Syria , the attempt to militarily defeat the regime is the wrong strategy if the goals are reducing violence and protecting innocent civilians . The best strategy for those who wish to avoid a protracted war in Syria is to bring Russia and Iran to the international diplomatic table . Russian and Iranian participation are essential to a viable post-al-Assad transition ; the alternative , a transitional plan generated exclusively by the United States and its allies , can be accomplished only through force . To insist on the military path without engaging Assad 's backers is to condemn Syrian civilians to escalating violence in pursuit of regime change . To date , external backers of the two sides have focused on arming their local proxies rather than negotiating . Russia and Iran have reiterated their commitment to the Assad government , both diplomatically and through direct support . Recent reports suggest that the United States has doubled down on funding the rebels with a secret presidential order authorizing military assistance  stopping short for now of actual "  lethal aid , " which has been outsourced to Saudi Arabia and Qatar , in coordination with Turkey  . The current confrontational approach is unsurprising , because toppling the Syrian regime would alter the regional balance of power against Iran and in favor of pro-Western governments . Until quite recently the United States was prepared to partner with the al-Assad regime , however repressive : the country played a well-documented role in the United States ' extraordinary rendition of terrorism suspects . But with the United States and Israel contemplating an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities , wresting control of Syria from an Iranian supporter and severing links between Damascus and Hezbollah are strategic goals served by assistance to the rebels . Opinion : Syria 's chemical weapons threat demands a response Unfortunately , removing an Iranian ally in Syria may look like low-cost regime change , but it will be more costly in the long run than most analysts suppose , and in the short run these policies are likely to contribute to a drawn out and increasingly bloody civil war . As recent weeks have shown , the rebels have only begun to achieve parity through indiscriminate armed attacks , often resulting in as many casualties among civilians as among the ostensible targets . Even with additional arms , opposition groups resisting al-Assad 's repression may fight the regime only to a standstill . More direct American military involvement to shift the balance decisively in favor of the rebels would be even more damaging . In order to defeat the regime militarily , the United States and its allies would have to dramatically heighten the magnitude of destruction wrought on the country , resulting in greater civilian casualties . They would also confront complications absent in Libya as a result of Syria 's strategically sensitive location , much larger population , and greater demographic diversity and internal tensions . For these very reasons , U.S. government preparations for the post-al-Assad fallout use Iraq rather than Libya as the relevant comparison . Unfortunately , the current international approach seems more likely to repeat rather than avoid U.S. mistakes in Iraq . By funneling weapons to the rebels through regional actors , the rebels ' external backers are setting the stage for escalating sectarian conflict -- even ethnic cleansing -- pitting Sunni constituencies backed by Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Qatar against opponents that they increasingly identify in sectarian terms as Alawites rather than regime supporters . The result is a deeply destabilized Syria bordering on Israel , Turkey , Jordan , Iraq and Lebanon , creating the potential for a long-term proxy war between regional Sunni and Shia political forces . The eventual outcome would have no clear winner but a multitude of losers , most crucially ordinary Syrian civilians . Opinion : Is Syria unsolvable ? Still there remains a chance to produce a transition process that ensures the security of all communities -- including the Alawites -- ending violence in exchange for Assad 's departure . But threatening the regime with decapitation through military escalation will not produce such a process . Much as the Saleh regime was removed from power through pressure from Yemen 's principal supporters  including the United States  , Iranian and Russian pressure can succeed where force from hostile outsiders has not . In Yemen , this was achieved because the Saleh regime 's backers managed the transition while assuring their interests were secure . Without similar assurances there is little reason to expect Russian and Iranian support for a post-Assad transition . To facilitate transition , the United States should engage both Iran and Russia through creative diplomacy . Iran 's cooperation on Syria might be linked to the question of its nuclear program , perhaps forestalling sanctions that have yet to come into effect . Similarly , Russia 's strategic interests must be addressed , such as preserving the Russian navy 's current access to the Mediterranean through Syrian ports . If the goal is to end the violence and transition to a post-al-Assad Syria , this is the only credible option . In resigning as special envoy to Syria , Kofi Annan drew attention to the urgent need for diplomacy , not clandestine intervention . Unless this warning is heeded , Annan 's likely replacement , Lakhdar Brahimi , may find no other way out of a lengthy civil war of devastating proportions , both for the Syrian people and for the Middle East as a whole . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Bali and Rana : To save Syria , bring Russia and Iran to the international diplomatic table Removing al-Assad will be more costly in the long run than most analysts suppose , they say To defeat the regime , U.S. and its allies would have to heavily increase destruction , they say The current international approach seems likely to repeat U.S. 's mistakes in Iraq , they say
CNN  Colombian beauty queen Paulina Vega may soon have a new role : peace negotiator . The newly-crowned Miss Universe got an invitation Saturday from Colombia 's leftist FARC rebels to attend their peace talks with the government . Rebels took her up on an offer she 's made in the past that she 's willing to attend the negotiations in Cuba . "  We have read with interest about your desire to contribute your services to achieve peace and reconciliation between Colombians , " FARC said in a statement on its website . "  We salute your willingness to travel to Havana at the same time that we invite you to make the trip to exhibit the development of the process of talks . " Vega , 22 , a business administration major at a Bogota university , was crowned Miss Universe in Miami last month . Though the native of Barranquilla has not responded to the offer , the rebels emphasized that her input is important . "  Rest assured that there is complete willingness to respond to your concerns and to value your opinions as a valuable contribution to peace , " the statement said . The talks are crucial to helping end 50 years of fighting between FARC and the government . Negotiations between the two sides have stalled several times over the years , and the group has been accused of bombings , murder , extortion and kidnappings . FARC started as an insurgency in 1964 and continues to champion leftist causes . But with Colombia being one of the world 's top cocaine producers , the rebels have added drug trafficking to their list of atrocities . The group is estimated to make $ 500 million from the illicit trade per year , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The United States and the European Union consider FARC a terrorist organization . CNN 's Miguel Escalona contributed to this report	Colombian Paulina Vega was crowned Miss Universe last month Talks between FARC and the government are crucial to ending 50 years of fighting
Washington  CNN  -- A "  permissive " environment with inconsistent discipline is one of the factors leading to a spike in Army suicides , according to a new report released Thursday . The 15-month-long Army study on suicide prevention concludes there is a need to promote and encourage healthy behavior among troops as one of the key means of reducing suicide levels . Moreover , the report called on commanders to reinforce efforts to discipline soldiers for substance abuse , criminal behavior and disciplinary problems . Many of today 's commanders are so focused on getting ready for deployments to war zones , some of these issues have slipped through the cracks , according to Army officials who briefed CNN ahead of the release of the study . "  Now more than ever , our soldiers need firm , fair and consistent leadership , " said Gen. Peter Chiarelli , Army vice chief of staff , in the report 's introduction . Chiarelli led the review team . "  What we witnessed firsthand were real indicators of stress on the force and an increasing propensity for soldiers to engage in high-risk behavior , " he wrote . In fiscal year 2009 , 239 soldiers committed suicide in both the active duty and reserve force , the report noted . In addition , 146 soldiers died due to "  high risk " behavior , including 74 drug overdoses . During the same time frame there were 1,713 suicide attempts , the report said . The Army found some form of "  high-risk " behavior such as self-harm , illicit drug use , binge drinking or criminal activity was a factor in most of the deaths . "  For some , the rigors of service , repeated deployments , injuries and separations from family resulted in  a  sense of isolation , hopelessness and life fatigue , " Chiarelli said . He also noted sometimes there has been a "  permissive unit environment " which in some commanders "  failed to hold soldiers accountable for their actions and allowed for risk taking behavior -- sometimes with fatal consequences . " Linda Bean 's son Coleman , of East Brunswick , New Jersey , was 25 when he committed suicide in 2008 a few months after his second tour in Iraq . The Army sergeant had been diagnosed with Post-traumatic stress disorder , she said . "  I appreciate that the Army needs to identify and address drug - and alcohol-impaired troops , " Bean said . "  Any workplace should take the necessary steps to combat that . " But Bean said the report lacks meaningful information that can help troubled soldiers and their families . "  It 's critical that the Army and the Veterans Administration bring our communities into the conversation , and show us in a very clear and easy way how to access resources and services everywhere , including rural areas far from an Army base , " she said . "  These services exist . " Bean said such information is included in the report , but "  in a very minimal way . " "  It 's a really modest list , buried in two paragraphs on Page 18 , " she said . In his report , Chiarelli was not singling out any particular unit , Army officials said , but rather underscoring the need for commanders to focus on soldiers ' behavior even as they prepare for overseas deployments . The Army has long worried that some commanders are so focused on taking their entire unit on deployment , they may not realize or acknowledge that some troops with substance abuse or behavior problems should stay behind for treatment and not deploy . Officials plan to improve record-keeping so a commander will be more aware of soldiers ' records of problematic behavior . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this article .	NEW : Mother of soldier says families need clearer access to resources Study concludes commanders need to be attentive to soldiers ' behavior "  High-risk behavior " was deemed a factor in many Army suicides Report : Commanders should realize that troops with problems should not deploy
New York  CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie announced Thursday he has reimbursed the state of New Jersey for the cost of using a state police helicopter to travel with his wife to his son 's high school baseball game . The Republican has come under fire from opposition lawmakers and the public since he touched down Tuesday near the ball field in Montvale , about 80 miles from Trenton , the capital . After initially refusing to reimburse the state , Christie has repaid $ 2,151 to cover the cost of his flights to the game , Christie said in a news conference . "  What I know about this business is , perception matters , " Christie said . "  I 'm not going to allow the media and the hacks of the Democratic power to ... get away from the matter because they want to have a circus . " Christie claimed he was using the helicopter to balance his responsibilities as a father with his busy schedule as governor . "  I 'm governor 24/7 , every single day , but I 'm also a father , " he said . Christie , who has taken 33 helicopter flights since assuming office last January , said he has been far more "  judicious " in his helicopter use than other recent governors , citing Govs. Jim McGreevey , Thomas Kean and James Florio . "  If you look at the way I use this helicopter , it 's not like I 'm using it as a perk of office , " he said . The Republican budget hawk added that according to the State Police , the travel does not cost taxpayers money , because as the pilots need the flying time in order to be certified . When asked , the governor reiterated that he will not be running for president in the coming election but has refused to "  rule out " 2016 . The GOP paid for a portion of the helicopter rides , $ 919 , to cover the cost of Christie 's flight from the ballgame to Princeton , where he met with GOP contributors visiting from Iowa , according to Andy Pratt of the New Jersey Treasury . Still , some Democrats were not swayed . "  To use these vehicles to shuttle between both a personal and a political activity is an outright abuse of taxpayer dollars , " said Democrat Assemblywoman Joan Quigley . The former federal prosecutor , who earned a reputation for battling corruption , was elected on a platform of fiscal discipline and eliminating government waste and abuse . During his first year in office , Christie helped to pass a $ 29 billion budget , narrowing an $ 11 billion deficit with cuts in public-sector spending , including employee pensions and benefits . The governor has since called for some $ 200 million in tax cuts . He has focused on spending reductions on public unions -- particularly the state 's powerful teachers ' unions -- who often have said the governor has used them as an excuse for the state 's broader financial troubles .	Gov. Chris Christie pays back $ 2,151 for helicopter flight to son 's baseball game State GOP pays $ 919 to cover flight to political event in Princeton after the game "  I 'm governor 24/7 , every single day , but I 'm also a father , " Christie says Democratic assemblywoman calls it "  outright abuse of taxpayer dollars "
CNN  -- Fantasia Barrino did not deny an alleged relationship with a married man , but a statement from her manager said the singer-actress did not wreck his marriage . A North Carolina woman , in a child custody case filing , charged that Barrino carried on a year-long affair with her husband , Antwaun Cook , who is the father of her two young children . Paula Cook alleged her husband and the "  American Idol " winner "  have at times recorded their illicit sexual activity , " although her lawyer stopped short of explaining whether a sex video existed . The woman is seeking full custody of her sons , 2 and 6 , along with child support , alimony , the family home and a car . The suit was filed last week in Mecklenburg County , North Carolina . "  Fantasia is certain that she is not responsible for the deterioration of the Cook 's marriage , " manager Brian Dickens said in a statement to CNN Monday . Barrino has said in past interviews that she was friends with a married man , but she has consistently denied there was a sexual relationship . Photos of Barrino and Cook together , including on a personal watercraft and also walking hand-in-hand , have circulated on the internet for months . Paula Cook 's petition said her husband "  frequents bars , restaurants , nightclubs and the like " with Barrino . She accused her husband of enjoying "  the lavish benefits associated with the high-profile relationship . " "  Ms. Barrino flew defendant/husband to places such as Atlanta , Miami , New York , Philadelphia , Los Angeles , and Barbados " where he "  attended celebrity parties , concerts , photo shoots and award shows with Ms. Barrino . " The petition , which said the couple separated in June , described a phone conversation in July in which Barrino allegedly told the wife : "  He do n't want you . ... Maybe the next time that you get a husband , you 'll know how to keep him . ... That 's why he is here with me . " While Barrino is not directly involved in the current legal case , North Carolina is one of only a few states that allow a spouse to sue a third party who interferes with a marriage for alienation of affection . "  Fantasia will weather this storm with the dignity and grace that she has exemplified throughout a life in which she has repeatedly overcome obstacles and challenges , " Barrino 's manager said . The High Point , North Carolina , native has enjoyed a successful recording and acting career since winning "  American Idol 's " third season .	A North Carolina woman 's petition claims her husband had a year-long affair with Barrino The wife 's filing says her husband and Fantasia "  recorded their illicit sexual activity " The document says Fantasia told the wife : "  He do n't want you " Fantasia manager says the singer will "  ride out this storm "
CNN  -- On December 15 , 2013 , teachers Nick Gough and Richard Sears rolled to a stop after what 's likely to be a Guinness World Record-setting 42,120 kilometer journey around the globe . The 16-month trip , which took them through 39 countries , is impressive in itself . That they did it on a three-wheeled tuk tuk -- the ubiquitous urban transport solution in many parts of Asia -- makes their story remarkable . Starting from the British Museum in London on August 13 , 2012 , the expedition took them through southern Europe to Turkey , where they crossed into Egypt and drove down Africa . From South Africa , they shipped the tuk tuk to India , where they resumed their journey through Southeast Asia . From Singapore they shipped the rickshaw to Latin America , then did a loop of South America -- nearly having to give up due to mechanical issues -- before reaching the finish line in Buenos Aires last month . The men say they overtook the current world record for the longest journey in an auto-rickshaw and are now waiting for Guinness to officially validate it , a process that can take a few months . Here , the pair recaps some of the highs and lows of the journey and why they did it . CNN : What was the motivation behind this adventure ? Nick Gough : One of the key things we are doing is promoting awareness of world education problems . As clich  as it sounds , the idea was hatched after teaching and traveling abroad and seeing the amazing work of the local people who are working to find innovative ways to provide an education to children in their communities . In 2000 , the 189 United Nations member states and 23 international organizations made promises with the Millennium Development Goals that every primary aged child in the world would have access to education by 2015 . This is going to fail miserably . There are still 57 million primary aged children who are out of school and countless more who lack a quality education , either through number of kids in the classroom or other factors . CNN : Why a tuk tuk ? Nick Gough : The tuk tuk as a small , open-sided vehicle is iconic for many of the countries we have traveled though . There was never any doubt that it would be a tuk tuk . Loads of people drive and cycle their way around the world , which in many ways is more impressive than what we 've done . But we wanted to stick out like a sore thumb , so that people would take notice . Also , no one had driven the length of Africa or around the world in a tuk tuk , and there was a world record on offer , so it was the perfect vehicle for our goals . It helped that we were both pretty obsessed with tuk tuks and just loved being in them when we were traveling . CNN : How would you rate the overall comfort of long distance tuk tuk travel ? Nick Gough : Tuk tuks are built for city travel and for this they are perfect . We have found that they are not so good driving in long straight lines  ours had a max speed of 50 km/h  , high altitude  does n't start  , thick mud and sand  back wheels do n't rotate  and roads that are n't sealed  no suspension in the back two wheels  . CNN : What were the best and worst places to travel with a tuk tuk ? Nick Gough : This is a tough question . Often the best places from a reaction point of view are the places that do n't have tuk tuks , or that do but do n't have many . With this in mind , we got the best reactions from people in Southern Africa , Chile and Argentina . I would say that Africa was the real highlight for us  even though at times it was very challenging  . Likewise , though the heat and humidity of India made life very uncomfortable , it 's an amazingly interesting assault on the senses -- driving is like a real life computer game . Generally , the most boring times are long straight roads that go on for days with not much scenery to look at ! CNN : Easiest and toughest border crossings ? Nick Gough : We adopted the attitude of "  we have all the correct paper work  most of the time  and we are going to stay here until you let us through . " Many countries do say , "  sorry we do n't let tuk tuks cross this border , " but they normally give way after a couple of hours . What 's challenging is getting through customs when you ship the tuk tuk . We spent days/weeks in customs in both Egypt and Colombia . We just had to be patient  or at least smile and pretend to be  . More : Bangkok tuk tuk driver confessions CNN : Was safety ever an issue ? Nick Gough : We actually feel that the tuk tuk is a pretty safe vehicle . We could n't go very fast which meant unless one of us fell asleep at the wheel a head on collision was pretty unlikely . We did get bundled off the road a lot and no one respected us , but you can deal with that . What we could n't control was stuff driving into the back of us . This occurred in Malaysia when a guy was coming onto the main road via a slip road and looking over his shoulder . He slammed into the back of us , knocking us sideways into the fast lane , but luckily there was nothing coming . More : Malaysia travel : 10 things to know before you go CNN : What other vehicle would you consider for an around-the-world journey ? Nick Gough : Rich has plans one day to do an expedition on a Royal Enfield motorbike . I think that my next  much shorter  adventure is going to be on a tandem bicycle . CNN : Did you raise any money during the trip ? Richard Sears : Our main aim is to raise awareness -- about the educational challenges facing the world today and for the Global Campaign for Education . We are raising money too though to support grassroots education projects that we 've visited throughout our journey . We 're supporting these small projects , set up and run by local people , through our UK registered charity , The Tuk Tuk Educational Trust , where 100 % of donations go directly to the projects . This process has started , and will be our focus from now on . People can support projects  donating to or fundraising for those that may particularly appeal to them  through our website www.tuktuktravels.com/projects . CNN : How did you pay for the journey ? Richard Sears : The journey itself  totally separate from our charity  was funded by ourselves with the support of some sponsors and partners , including Cardiff University and DSV Global Transport and Logistics . We could n't have done it without their kindness and support . CNN : What 's next for you two ? Nick Gough : To wrap up this project we will both be doing school talks around the UK for a few months . We will also be working on a book and trying to find people to work with us on our travel/education documentary that we would like to release in 2015 when , ideally , the Millennium Development Goals are supposed to be realized . After that we are n't sure . We both still want to work in some capacity in development and education . Rich is unlikely to go back into teaching -- probably focusing more on the business side of education . I miss being in the classroom and the community aspects of school life so depending on what turns up I might well head straight back into teaching . More : 14 coolest hotel perks in Latin America	Teachers Nick Gough and Richard Sears drove 42,120 kilometers in a tuk tuk The 16-month trip took them through 39 countries , aimed at raising world education awareness Among biggest challenges was getting tuk tuk through customs in Colombia and Egypt
Opening in 1863 , London has the world 's oldest underground railway but it also has , in austerely beautiful Westminster , one of Europe 's most futuristic-looking stations . The first metro might have been uncomfortable and unhealthy  toxic steam often entered the train cars due to poor ventilation  but it soon became clear that few cities of any size should be without one . By the mid-1920s , Paris , Madrid , Berlin and Milan had their own subterranean networks -- with cleaner , electric-powered trains and often also beating London 's Tube in the aesthetic appeal of their stations . Moscow joined the party in 1935 and now boasts one of the busiest metro systems in the world -- carrying more than 6.5 million passengers a day . But as the following stations show , more than 150 years after the London Underground opened , there 's a lot more to a great subway stop than getting from A to B. 1 . Toledo , Naples , Italy Opened in 2012 , Toledo station defies its depth -- at 50 meters , one of the deepest in Naples -- with a design based around themes of light and water . A work called "  Light Panels " by Robert Wilson illuminates the station corridor furthest underground . This stunning station has competition : it 's part of the city 's network of so-called Metro Art Stations . 2 . Westfriedhof , Munich , Germany Inaugurated in 1998 to little fanfare , this otherwise ordinary looking station took on new life just three years later . In 2001 , Westfriedhof 's platform was aesthetically enhanced by 11 enormous , domed lighting fixtures that continuously bathe the surroundings in haunting shades of blue , yellow and red . 3 . Komsomolskaya  Koltsevaya Line  , Moscow Komsomolskaya station 's baroque-style decor , historical mosaics and chandeliered ceilings resemble a grand ballroom . Opened in 1952 to alleviate the congestion of one of Moscow 's busiest transport hubs , it was Stalin 's infamous 1941 wartime speech that inspired the opulence of the mosaics . 4 . Olaias , Lisbon , Portugal In 1998 , Lisbon hosted a world expo , in part to celebrate 500 years of Portuguese inventions . Built to help transport the expo 's 11 million visitors , the station is a whimsically colorful space that to this day holds its own as a modern work of art . 5 . Westminster , London London Underground might be the great-great-grandparent of all the world 's metro stations but Westminster , opened just days before the new millennium , has to be one of the most futuristic-looking . The austere concrete and stainless steel design somehow achieves a functional beauty rather than oppressing all those commuters scurrying to and from their offices . 6 . T-Centralen , Stockholm , Sweden Above ground , Stockholm 's central station looks like a pretty average part of a rapid transit system . Start boring down , though , and unexpected changes in color and shape reveal a very different animal . When commuters reach the bold blue and white , cave-like platform at T-Centralen , they 're reminded that they 've indeed ventured underground . 7 . Bockenheimer Warte , Frankfurt , Germany Seeking to distinguish his design from the unobtrusive minimalism of other Frankfurt stations , architect Zbigniew Peter Pininski outdid himself with the fantastical entrance to Bockenheimer Warte . Depicting a train car crashing through the sidewalk , it leaves commuters either shocked or bemused , but rarely indifferent . 8 . "  Fosteritos , " Bilbao , Spain Less than 20 years old , Bilbao 's metro is the third-largest in Spain . The curved-glass entrances of many of the stations -- affectionately nicknamed "  Fosteritos "  "  Little Fosters "  after their creator , Lord Foster -- are considered prime examples of the city 's modern , up-to-the-minute style . The transparent structures admit plenty of daytime light and at night are lit up . 9 . Palais Royal -- Muse du Louvre , Paris In a city as beautiful as Paris , this unconventional station entrance at Place Colette still stands out . Completed in 2000  the centennial year of the Paris metro  , Jean-Michel Othoniel 's "  Kiosque des noctambules "  "  Kiosk of the night owls "  intertwines dazzling colored beads to form two protective cupolas . A meeker design would be overshadowed by the close proximity of the Louvre Museum and surrounding classic architecture . In this case , however , it adds a touch of cheeky hipness . 10 . Admiralteyskaya , St. Petersburg , Russia St. Petersburg 's newest metro stop proves that classic and modern design can coexist harmoniously . After many setbacks , the station finally opened for business in December 2011 . Stark curved ceilings and low lighting complement traditional marble and arched platforms in what 's the deepest station in the network . 11 . Plac Wilsona , Warsaw , Poland The Soviets built some extraordinary metro stations but this 2005 effort , named after U.S. president Woodrow Wilson , showed that a capitalist Poland could come up with some beauties , too . Unless , as might appear , it was actually built by UFOs . 12 . Staromestska , Prague All the stations on Prague 's A Line deserve a place in the European metro hall of fame for their distinctive dimpled metal tunnel walls , but Staromestska is the most visited and photographed . A different color for each station , they look like something from the dystopian film "  A Clockwork Orange , " but the bubble-wrap design actually strengthens the metal . What 's the best metro stop -- in Europe or worldwide -- you 've ever traveled through ? Elbow your way into the carriage in the comments field below .	"  Metro envy " has produced some stunners in Europe At 50 meters deep , Toledo station , in Naples , feels filled with light Part of the oldest metro , London 's Westminster looks super-futuristic A Frankfurt station shows a train car crashing through the sidewalk
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , may have to fold his efforts to push a measure legalizing online poker in the United States into a tax-cut bill , in light of strenuous opposition from Republicans . Such a provision would greatly benefit some of Reid 's biggest campaign backers -- those in the gaming industry , which has been lobbying for the change . But when Reid was asked Wednesday afternoon whether he was still pushing the poker bill during the congressional lame-duck session , he said , "  We are still working on it , " according to this office . Democratic and Republican sources had told CNN Reid was pushing for the provision to be included in the bill to extend the Bush-era tax cuts . One of those leading the opposition is Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , who vowed to block any attempt to include the poker legalization in the tax bill . Wednesday afternoon Kyl told CNN the measure was dead , saying , "  Senator Reid has agreed with me that it will not happen . " Reid 's office refused CNN 's request to discuss his push for the legalization . The support by the four-term Nevada Democrat , who won re-election in November , for the online poker measure is an apparent reversal . When Congress addressed online betting in 2006 , Reid opposed its legalization . Some House Republicans also bristled at news Reid was attempting to shoehorn the Nevada-friendly legislation into the tax deal . "  Creating a federal right to gamble that has never existed in our country 's history and imposing an unprecedented new tax regime on such activity require careful deliberation , not back-room deals or earmarks for special interests , " Republican Reps. Spencer Bachus of the Financial Services Committee ; Dave Camp of the Ways and Means Committee and Lamar Smith of the Judiciary Committee wrote last week to Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . Between 2005-2010 Reid 's campaign and his leadership political action committee received $ 224,450 from MGM Resorts and $ 113,450 from Harrah 's Entertainment , making them some of his largest contributors , according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks the influence of money in politics . MGM and Harrah 's did not respond to requests for comment . "  It sure looks like payback , " a Republican congressional official told CNN . According to a draft of the proposed measure obtained by CNN , large , established gambling companies would be the biggest winners if the legislation passed . It would legalize online poker basically only in Nevada and New Jersey . The draft bill says that online poker could be offered only by businesses that have 500 or more slot machines in the same building . That includes huge casinos in Nevada and New Jersey and would make ineligible most Indian-land casinos and even long-standing poker places throughout California because they do n't have slot machines . Seventy percent of the revenues from a new internet gambling trust fund would go to the states sponsoring the poker , presumably Nevada and New Jersey . Only 30 % would go to any of the other states where the person playing is based . Also the proposal includes new rules that would make it easier to bet on horse races . Republican congressional officials suspect that is an attempt to entice support from the senator from the biggest horse-racing state , Kentucky -- Mitch McConnell .	Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada pushes legalizing online poker in some circumstances A measure would legalize online poker basically only in Nevada and New Jersey Reid has encountered strenuous opposition from Republicans One opponent , Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona , says the measure is dead
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A suicide bomber wearing an explosives-packed vest attacked a police recruitment center in northern Iraq Tuesday , a bloody strike that killed at least 65 people and wounded 160 others . The attacker -- who blew himself up when he was among hundreds of recruits -- staged the assault at a checkpoint where people usually wait their turn to enter the center . The explosion caused a fire at a fuel station nearby , police in Tikrit said , and most of those killed and wounded were young men who came to join police forces . Tikrit 's general hospital was overwhelmed with wounded people , some of whom had to be sent to hospitals in nearby towns of the Salaheddin province and to other locations , such as Irbil and Kirkuk . Salaheddin Deputy Governor Ameen Mohammed told Iraqiya state TV that security forces in the province are on full alert , and police said the local government announced a three-day mourning period in Salaheddin . Iraqi Prime Nuri al-Maliki wants to get to the bottom of the incident , which he calls the latest of similar "  heinous crimes . " He said it reflects "  clear negligence and a shortcoming by the concerned authorities , so we will follow up this matter with all seriousness in order to determine those who are negligent , particularly those who are responsible of the recruitment cases and those who are behind today 's painful tragedy . " Vice President Tariq Al-Hashimi deplored what he called a "  cowardly " act . "  This new tragedy added to the tragedies of the unemployment of Iraqi youth , " al-Hashimi said . The vice president called on authorities to tackle unemployment and to keep young people from sinking into hunger and crime . He also said authorities need to reconsider how to protect recruits at such centers , which he called soft targets . Mosques urged Tikrit residents to donate blood for the wounded . The center is located nearly 100 miles north of Baghdad in Tikrit , the hometown of late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein , and the facility is in one of Hussein 's former palaces . There has been no claim of responsibility but al Qaeda in Iraq , the Sunni Muslim-dominated militant group , has frequently claimed responsibility for such attacks . Tikrit is largely a Sunni Muslim city . Iraqi recruitment centers have frequently been targeted in warfare over the years . On August 17 , 48 were killed when suicide bombers attacked a military recruitment center in the Bab al-Moudham commercial area of central Baghdad . The same center was attacked again in September , and 12 people were killed . The Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group for al Qaeda in Iraq and other Sunni extremist groups , claimed responsibility for that bombing , authorities said . U.S. troops have ended their combat mission in Iraq and have focused on training and advising . But they feel the violence that occasionally erupts . On Saturday , three U.S. soldiers were killed , two in northern Iraq and another in the central part of the country . Under a U.S.-Iraqi security agreement , all U.S. troops are to leave Iraq by the end of the year . There are fewer than 50,000 American service members there now . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Police say the attacker targeted police recruits Tikrit is nearly 100 miles north of Baghdad Recruitment centers have been frequently attacked
CNN  -- The president of world soccer 's governing body is used to being admonished . But it is n't often the manager of arguably the biggest club on the planet is tearing a strip off Sepp Blatter . Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti felt moved to tell Blatter to button it after the Swiss insisted Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer should be crowned footballer of the year . That affronted Ancelotti , who thinks his star player -- Cristiano Ronaldo -- is a shoo-in for a second successive Ballon d'Or award . The Portuguese fired a record 17 goals in the European Champions League last season as Real won its 10th crown and Ancelotti is in no doubt the award should be his . "  It has surprised me what the FIFA president has said and it appears he is unable to keep his mouth shut , " Ancelotti told a press conference on Tuesday . "  The Ballon d'Or is something that gets talked about months before yet this year there are not that many things to think about . "  Last year Cristiano had other players like Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery contesting it but this year , with the titles he has won and the goals he has scored , there 's no doubt he is going to win it . "  Therefore , Blatter 's words do n't make any sense . " On a visit to 2018 World Cup host Russia , Blatter suggested Neuer should be handed the gong after a string of exceptional performances for Germany on its way to a World Cup triumph in Brazil . FIFA 's president had also suggested the Bayern Munich stopper should have been handed the Golden Ball award -- given to the World Cup 's best player -- rather than Barcelona striker Lionel Messi . Messi , a four-time winner of the Ballon d'Or is again on the list , with other luminaries , but , perhaps surprisingly , not Barcelona 's newest striker , Luis Suarez . Suarez scored 31 goals for English Premier League club Liverpool last season as it came agonizingly close to a first top flight title since 1990 . The Uruguayan also starred for his country at the 2014 World Cup , before he was banned from all football for four months for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini . The award is voted for by coaches and captains of national teams and journalists across the world selected by France Football Magazine , and will be awarded in Zurich , Switzerland , on January 12 . Ancelotti , who also claimed the Spanish Cup in his first season at the helm in Madrid , has been nominated for the Best Coach prize . And though he joked he might be out of the running to win it after his harsh words for Blatter , Ancelotti did say he was pleased to have been selected . "  I am proud to be in this category and would like to win it , although I have already received the biggest prize when we claimed the Champions League , " he said . "  If I win another one I 'll have to expand my trophy cabinet . "	Real Madrid manager says FIFA president Sepp Blatter "  unable to keep mouth shut " Blatter suggested Germany keeper Manuel Neuer should win the Ballon d'Or Ancelotti says there is "  no doubt " Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo will win Ronaldo broke scoring records as Real won 10th Champions League crown
Mashable  -- Sometimes you just want to read . Digital 's best answer for that simple urge is the now venerable E Ink e-reader . These monochromatic devices are not only holding on in the face of stiff LCD-based tablet competition , they 're innovating . The latest update comes from Barnes & Noble , which added an LED-based "  GlowLight " to its Nook Simple Touch e-reader . The 6.5 x 5-inch device is not remarkably different from the e-reader Barnes & Noble introduced last year . Its dimensions are , in fact , virtually unchanged . But despite the new lighting tech , this reader is actually 5 % lighter than the previous model . It 's also somewhat lighter than Amazon 's Kindle Touch  6.975 ounces versus 7.5 ounces  . Both Wi-Fi-only readers cost $ 139 . You can get the Amazon Kindle Touch for $ 99 , but then you have to accept special offers  essentially ads  in place of the screen savers . More importantly , the Simple Touch price includes the power adapter , while Kindle sells it separately for approximately $ 15 . Still , what truly sets the latest Nook Simple Touch apart from all other E Ink-based e-readers is the patent-pending GlowLight . It makes the lightweight reader ready for night reading without the need for an overhead , clip-on or external light . By contrast , Amazon sells a cover with a built-in LED light for the Kindle Keyboard 3G . Barnes & Noble is not the first to offer an E Ink reader with built-in LED lighting . Sony did it first a few years ago , but eventually discontinued the larger and more expensive e-reader . The Simple Touch uses a single array of LED 's nestled along the top edge of the device  above the screen , but below the touch-sensitive , anti-glare layer  . They light the entire display . I put the ereader to the ultimate test : bedtime reading . My wife , who was beside me , read by the super-bright light of her Apple iPad 2 . I held the much smaller ereader in my hand , and pressed the physical Nook "  n " button for two seconds to enable the light . Nook Simple Touch 's GlowLight is adjustable , via a touch-screen menu selection . So I cranked it all the way up  the default , which was set to about 1/3 power , was not bright enough for me  . The light across the screen is n't perfectly uniform , but it is highly readable and very comfortable on the eyes . Even after my wife powered down and went to sleep , she did n't complain about my GlowLight . I also found the touchscreen , which works either with a tap or a sweep of the finger  forward to turn the page and back to turn back the page  , worked perfectly and made me wish my Kindle 2 was also a touch-screen device . Barnes & Noble promises that the Nook Simple Touch 's battery life will last for 30 days with an hour of GlowLight-enabled reading a night . I 've had the ereader a few days and charged it once . My original plan was to leave the GlowLight running and test if it could run , as Barnes & Noble told me , for 60 continuous hours . The device 's own auto-sleep settings scuttled that plan by putting the Simple Touch to sleep after five minutes of inactivity . Overall , Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch with GlowLight is a winner . It 's easy to setup  entering a Wi-Fi password is easy thanks to the touch screen  , feels great in the hand , slips into my back pocket and holds thousands of books . The interface is smartly designed . I like the store design and how easy it is to buy things  pretty much a match for the Kindle store  and found the E Ink screen crisp and responsive . My only tiny criticism is the power button on the back . You use it to fully turn off the device  and turn it on  and it wiggles a bit too much for my taste . The good news is that , considering the battery life , it 's unlikely you 'll use it very often . If I were buying a new E Ink reader right now , I 'd go for the Barnes & Noble Simple Touch with GlowLight . It 's slightly more affordable than the Kindle Touch  when you include the charger  , feature-sensible and now has the killer enhancement : a built-in light . Those who pre-ordered the e-reader could receive it as early as this week . Barnes & Noble reps tell us that limited quantities of the Nook Simple Touch with GlowLight will be available in stores next month . What do you think ? Would you buy this E Ink e-reader or have you permanently moved on to tablets ? Share your thoughts in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	What truly sets the latest Nook Simple Touch apart is the patent-pending GlowLight Nook Simple Touch 's GlowLight is adjustable , via a touch-screen menu selection The battery life is promised to last for 30 days with an hour of GlowLight-enabled reading
CNN  -- The earliest known copy of Leonardo da Vinci 's "  Mona Lisa " -- thought to have been painted at the same time as the original masterpiece -- has been discovered at the Prado Museum in Madrid , Spain . The work offers art-lovers a tantalizing hint of what the model for the world 's most famous painting really looked like . Conservators found the portrait hidden beneath layers of black overpainting during restoration work on a picture initially thought to have been a later replica of the "  Mona Lisa . " The restored version shows the same woman that Leonardo depicted , against a landscape similar to that shown in the background of the original , which now hangs in the Louvre in Paris . And while the features of Leonardo 's subject have been dulled by centuries of dirt and layers of cracked varnish -- which are unlikely ever to be removed -- in the recently-rediscovered copy , she appears fresher faced and younger than her better-known "  twin . " News of the find was revealed at a symposium at London 's National Gallery , linked to its blockbuster "  Leonardo da Vinci : Painter at the Court of Milan " exhibition , and reported in the Art Newspaper . "  This sensational find will transform our understanding of the world 's most famous picture , " the Art Newspaper reported , adding that the underdrawing found on the Madrid version "  suggests that the original and the copy were begun at the same time and painted next to each other , as the work evolved . " Miguel Falomir , curator of Italian painting at the Prado , told a press conference at the museum expert analysis suggested a strong link between Leonardo and the artist who painted the copy . "  The painting was done in the painter 's own workshop , " he was quoted by AFP as saying . "  It is absolutely consistent with Leonardo 's work , " he said , but he added : "  It is a work in which Leonardo himself did not intervene . " The painting is expected to be unveiled to the public at the Prado Museum later this month . It will then go on display at the Louvre in March , as part of the "  Leonardo 's Final Masterpiece " exhibition , which focuses on his work , "  The Virgin and Child with St. Anne . "	Prado Museum in Madrid , Spain , reveals discovery of earliest known copy of ` Mona Lisa ' Image is thought to have been painted around the same time as Leonardo da Vinci 's original work Portrait will be unveiled later this month , before joining temporary exhibition at the Louvre , Paris
Do we need women in the front lines of journalism ? Do n't doubt it for a second . We all suffered a terrible loss when an Afghan policeman shot and killed the extraordinarily talented AP photographer Anja Niedringhaus last week . We lost the ability to see the world through Niedringhaus ' compelling lens . We lost her insight , and we lost what would have come from her commitment to helping us understand the complexities of our world . Most of all , we lost the benefits of her unique ability to show us the connection between historical events and individual human beings . Niedringhaus and her close friend , AP correspondent Kathy Gannon , were covering the run-up to elections when an Afghan policeman walked toward their car , shouted "  Allahu akbar " and shot them both . Gannon , also a veteran journalist with vast experience covering the world 's most dangerous places , was injured . The shooting , as it happens , came shortly after the Women 's Media Center released its report , "  The Status of Women in the U.S. Media 2014 . " The snapshot taken in the last quarter of 2013 found men still had almost two-thirds of all bylines and on-camera appearances in the major newspapers , television networks , newswire services and online news sites . We have seen notable improvements over the years , but the report points to "  a troubling status quo and , in some places , a slipping back in time . " Women journalists remain concentrated in "  women 's " subjects such as family , style and health . That means we are looking and trying to understand the world mostly through men 's eyes when it comes to foreign affairs , justice and politics . This is not just a matter of concern to women journalists . We are all shortchanged when women are subtly edged out of reporting on major world news . Is there a difference in men and women 's reporting ? Despite the gender bias , there are hundreds of female journalists around the world , many covering -- some dying -- in conflict zones . Women give us the hard news , the politics , the strategy , the conflict . I wo n't argue here whether women are more sensitive in their coverage . But I will tell you this : Women listen to other women much more closely , and they pay much greater attention to how political and military developments affect individuals , particularly other women . Consider this : Long before 9/11 , Afghanistan had turned into a hell-on-Earth for women under the ultraextremist , hypermisogynistic Taliban , who made even the sound of women 's laughter a crime . A CDC study found Afghan women suffered among the highest levels of depression anywhere in the world -- levels that were , not surprisingly , much higher than for Afghan men . Now that the U.S. is about to leave Afghanistan , the prospect that hard-won gains will be reversed creates enormous fears for Afghan women . To see how this is covered , I googled three words : "  Afghan Women Fear . " The first six news stories on the subject were all written by women . Read the six stories : Rights slipping away / Peace talk plans / Silenced by fear / More backsliding / Hope and fear / The future Niedringhaus once wrote , "  For me it is about showing the struggle and survival of the individual . " You can see that clearly in her stunning pictures , especially on Afghanistan ; in the image of a little girl struggling to see through her face-covering burqa , or a boy riding a merry-go-round while brandishing a toy machine gun , or in the gallery of portraits of the women in Afghanistan 's parliament , the ones who have beaten the odds in a place where men 's grip on power has been so hard to loosen . Gannon , too , has shown she can write about the hard edge of fighting and politics . But it 's no coincidence that Gannon , a woman , is the one who took us to Malala 's old school in Pakistan to show us how , despite the growing fame of the girl who was nearly killed for advocating education for girls , her former classmates are even more frightened than before . It 's not all about the subject matter or the byline . The Women 's Media Center found that men were quoted in The New York Times 3.4 times more often than women , but the number dropped when women wrote the story . To be sure , a number of women journalists have strong and respected voices . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour is a major figure in international journalism , and both ABC News and the "  PBS NewsHour " are anchored by distinguished women journalists . On the other side of the lens , you might be surprised to find countless talented and courageous women . When I was a CNN staffer , many of the network 's top videographers were women . I still count many women friends among the people risking their lives covering conflict around the world . But international journalism remains firmly dominated by men , even though women are taking enormous risks in the field . As Kimberly Dozier -- also injured in a war zone -- explained , "  Anja and Kathy ... took risks almost no else covering the war was willing to take . " But they did it carefully , and "  only when they saw a story they thought needed to be told . " When it comes to news analysis and opinion -- a topic of particular interest to me -- the situation is just as bad , if not worse . Men opinion writers , according to the new report , outnumber women 4-to-1 . That 's barely an improvement over 2011 , when the OpEd Project found women wrote just 20 % of op-eds in the country 's top newspapers , and were "  practically absent in the debate " on hard news topics , writing just 13 % of opinions on international politics and 11 % of opinions on the economy . Women wrote about half of all commentary on food , recreation , family and style . We have made a lot of progress since the days when Eleanor Roosevelt started her weekly press conference open only to female journalists , partly as an effort to force newspapers to hire at least one woman . But there is a long way to go . We are still seeing the world mostly through men 's eyes . We are still hearing it explained to us mostly by men . And for the one-third of stories that come from women , from the pictures we were fortunate to have thanks to Anja Niedringhaus , from the stories we 've read thanks to Kathy Gannon , we know what a difference it makes to have women in the front lines of journalism . Do n't doubt it for a second .	AP photographer was killed and reporter shot last week in Afghanistan Frida Ghitis says the two women provided compelling angles on key world stories She says women belong on front lines , have an ability to highlight human concerns Ghitis : We are still seeing the world mostly through the eyes of male journalists
CNN  ISIS has released a new video in which a captive British journalist acts as though he is reporting on Aleppo in Syria . John Cantlie , who has appeared in previous ISIS videos , calls this one the "  last in this series . " In the video , he shows parts of Aleppo , saying the destruction is caused not only by the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad but also U.S.-led coalition airstrikes . The coalition has been targeting ISIS . Cantlie also shows a religious school and a court , where he explains that Islamic Sharia law "  is 1,400 years old . And it is the rule of God , the rule of Allah . And therefore it can not be changed . " He cites , for example , that the punishment for robbery is having one 's hand cut off . Cantlie was kidnapped in November 2012 along with American journalist James Foley . A video published by ISIS in August showed Foley being beheaded . ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , has taken over swaths of land in Syria and Iraq and carried out barbaric killings .	Captive journalist John Cantlie calls video the "  last in this series " Cantlie has appeared in previous ISIS videos
CNN  -- A 25-year-old woman who was injured in last week 's stampede at the Love Parade music festival in Duisburg , Germany , died Wednesday , bringing the death toll to 21 , prosecutors there said . The deadly crush happened Saturday in an underpass between the main event site and an expansion area . Witnesses told CNN affiliate NTV that people pushed into the tunnel from both sides until it was dangerously overcrowded . The panic began when people began to lose consciousness as they were crushed against the walls and each other . The Duisburg public prosecutor 's office said 511 were injured . Of these , 283 people had to be treated in hospitals , and all but 43 have been released . German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for a thorough investigation into the incident and said that she was "  horrified and saddened " by the tragedy . Carsten Lueb of NTV said some 1.4 million people showed up at the popular Love Parade festival , which featured dozens of DJs spinning techno music for hours . Organizers expected only 700,000 to 800,000 attendees , so to accommodate more people they opened an additional event site . The numbers are disputed by police , who say the area can hold between 250,000 and 350,000 and at no time was it filled to capacity . NTV reported that 1,400 police officers were on hand to monitor the event . Detlef von Schmeling of the Duisburg police said more than 4,000 police officers provided security . Witnesses told NTV that police were warned at least an hour before the incident that the underpass was becoming dangerously crowded . An additional entryway had been opened before the accident to relieve some of the pressure . Police are investigating how the back-up came to occur in the underpass .	Twenty-one people have died in the tragedy More than 40 remain in hospitals The German chancellor wants a thorough investigation
Ottawa  CNN  -- Montreal 's interim mayor , Michael Applebaum , was arrested and charged early Monday with 14 criminal counts including fraud , breach of trust and conspiracy . Quebec police said the charges involve at least two Montreal real estate transactions from 2006 to 2011 and hundreds of thousands of dollars traded hands . "  These allegations rest essentially on obtaining permission and political support on two real estate projects , " said Capt. Andre Boulanger of the Surete du Quebec , the province 's police force . He would not confirm or deny if the charges involve bribes or ties to gangsters and organized crime . Applebaum took over the mayor 's job in November after Gerald Tremblay resigned amid corruption allegations . At the time , Applebaum vowed to "  end an era of sleaze " at Montreal City Hall . From 2006 to 2011 , Applebaum served as the borough mayor of a large suburb of Montreal . During this time he also served on the city council . Commenting at a police news conference Monday , the head of Quebec 's anti-corruption squad , Cmdr. Robert LaFreniere , said , "  We can no longer tolerate these reprehensible acts committed towards the management of our public institutions . The values of ethics and integrity must remain at the heart of the actions taken by our elected officials . " Officers said the investigation began in March after they received what they described as "  solid " evidence from members of the public . Quebec police say the investigation continues and they are not ruling out more arrests . This is the most recent explosive allegation to rock the city of Montreal as the details of an insidious corruption scandal have been laid bare at a province-wide inquiry . Testimony at that inquiry has outlined widespread corruption allegations and close relationships between elected officials , city employees , contractors and even organized crime . Applebaum denies all charges .	Michael Applebaum faces 14 counts including fraud , breach of trust and conspiracy The charges relate to two "  real estate projects , " a police official says Applebaum , who denies all charges , had promised to "  end an era of sleaze "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Satirical TV anchorman Stephen Colbert may not have a dog in this fight , but his name alone may have helped a Pomeranian-Chihuahua mix puppy beat a 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel . Stephen Colbert el dos rips the prize away from Mozart in the weekly competition . In the online doggie beauty pageant , the canine Steven Colbert el dos won the latest weekly semifinal , which enables him to compete for a $ 1 million grand prize . Colbert el dos from Georgia beat Mozart , or MoMo as he 's known to his family and friends in New Orleans , Louisiana , to win cutest dog of the week . "  While it certainly would have been a lot of fun for MoMo to win this past week , we 're excited for Stephen Colbert el dos and his owners . What a fun and entertaining ride it 's been so far . " said piano teacher Cara McCool , MoMo 's owner . "  We 're just happy for the attention this has brought to our charities as well as others supported by so many cute dogs in this competition , " McCool said . Her charities included : Redeemer Presbyterian Disaster Relief , Desire Street Ministries , Louisiana Teachers Save Our Students fund , Cavalier Rescue USA , Musical Arts Society of New Orleans , the Louisiana SPCA , and Teach for America . Colbert el dos ' winnings are pledged to attract a stork to his owners ' house . The owners , Bryan and his wife , Allyson , are newlyweds and are hoping to use the prize money for in vitro fertilization treatments to start a family . Colbert el dos ' owners asked not to have their last names published to protect their privacy . There is some controversy over the weekly contest results . When the polls closed on Saturday at midnight Pacific time , Mozart was up by 131 votes . But on Monday the competition posted a message on its blog saying Mozart 's fans had cheated . "  Mozart obviously worked very hard to receive over 4,500 valid votes in Week 8 , but it 's unfortunate that the judges had to remove 428 votes due to excessive voter accounts . " The Cutest Dog Competition Web site , run by the All American Pet Brands , also said , "  there is no evidence that Mozart 's owner had any part in the creation of these fraudulent accounts . Colbert 's votes showed no signs of cheating . " More than 60,000 people have uploaded photos of their adorable dogs to the contest 's Web site . Voters have to register an e-mail account with the competition . The rules state only one vote per e-mail address per day . "  The fraudulent accounts , with e-mail addresses only one number apart , were all created on the same days , from the same computers , and all votes cast from these 70-plus accounts were received within one minute of each other from the same computers  which generally means the owner of these accounts simply logged off and logged back onto another account to vote again  , " according to the competition Web site . Bryan said he was shocked when he found out on Monday his dog had won . "  On Saturday night , I went to bed and we were down 150 votes , " he said . "  I know they announced the winners on the blog and I saw winner for Week 8 and I was expecting to see Mozart and I saw Stephen Colbert el dos and I just could n't believe it . " He said it was a great day for the 7-month-old puppy and his owners . Their four-legged family includes three other dogs , all rescues , but they bought Colbert el dos from Puppies Galore in Lawrenceville , Georgia . When they met him , he was 2 months old , barely weighed a pound and would not eat . The manager of the store said the puppy was regressing after he was separated from his siblings . Now Stephen Colbert el dos is eating well and , "  He 's as hyper as any puppy you 'll see , " Bryan said . Last week , they entered the competition and said they only told a few friends and family members . They posted a note on a Stephen Colbert fan site and support for the pooch went viral . A Web site said Colbert el dos had an invitation to appear on the "  Colbert Report " if he made the top 12 . Bryan said the TV show has not contacted them . Renata Luczak , a spokesperson for Comedy Central , could not confirm or deny the pet 's booking , saying the "  Colbert Report " "  refrains from commenting on upcoming guests appearing on the show . " Colbert el dos ' owners denied having anything to do with the fraudulent votes for Mozart . "  We did not vote for Mozart a single time . And neither did anyone we know . Definitely no way , " Bryan said . The human comedian Colbert has wreaked havoc in other online competitions , from a Hungarian bridge-naming contest to a NASA competition to name a room in the international space station . In both cases , Colbert won the popular vote . Hungary declined to name the bridge after Colbert . NASA , instead of naming the room in his honor , sent a treadmill to space with the Colbert honorific . In those contests , the competitions received heavy promotion during the show , with Colbert urging his viewers to participate . In the dog photo fight , Colbert had an impact without direct participation . MoMo was automatically re-entered in the competition for this week . Over the next four weeks , four more dogs will have a chance to be voted into the semifinals . After finishing in second place two weeks in a row , MoMo would appears to be the favorite to advance , where he could get another shot at Stephen Colbert el dos .	"  Stephen Colbert el dos " beats Mozart in dog beauty pageant Contest Web site says Mozart fans violated the voting rules Mozart , a 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel , had been winning
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigerian authorities said they have five suspects in custody Sunday after a wave of attacks over the weekend in the city of Kano . Five people were killed and eight others injured when an explosive device was lobbed over a wall in Kano 's predominantly Christian Sabon Gari district . The attack occurred as parishioners exited St. Charles Catholic Church following Sunday services , according to Nigerian police force spokesman Frank Mba . Mba said three suspects have been arrested "  for their complicity in the attacks . " A suicide attack occurred earlier in the day at another location in Kano . A woman detonated a bomb after police stopped her and sent for a policewoman to come perform a search , according to Mba . Five officers were injured in that attack , which killed the bomber . Two suicide blasts kill 40 in Nigeria In a third incident , authorities were tipped off to an explosive-laden car parked near the Isyaku Rabiu mosque in another section of the city Saturday evening . Kano police spokesman Magaji Musa Majia said the bomb squad was able to successfully defuse a remote-controlled improvised explosive device discovered in its trunk . Mba said two suspects have been arrested and were being interrogated Sunday night . Hassan John reported from Jos ; Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Weekend attacks in Nigeria 's capital kill at least five , injure more than a dozen Three arrested after church bombing kills 5 Female suicide bomber injures 5 Kano police officers Two arrested in foiled mosque attack
CNN  -- A British woman on a charity swim across the English Channel died during her bid , according to a post on her fundraising Facebook page . Susan Taylor , 34 , collapsed near the end of a 21-mile crossing from England to France about 5:30 p.m. Sunday , according to a report from The Independent . "  Whilst attempting to swim the English Channel yesterday my sister , Susan collapsed suddenly in the water . She was immediately recovered from the water and treated on the support boat . She was then air lifted by helicopter to a hospital in Boulonge . Susan tragically passed away , " the posting on the Create a Ripple Channel Swim Facebook page said . Media reports did not give a cause of death . A photo of the swim posted earlier Sunday showed calm waters in the channel . "  Please respect the families ' privacy whilst they come to terms with what has happened , " the Facebook post said . Taylor undertook the swim to raise money for Rainbows Hospice and Diabetes UK , according to the Facebook page . She raised about $ 27,000  18,000 British pounds  as of noon ET Monday , according to the donation site virginmoneygiving.com . The Channel Swimming Association , which authorizes and supports channel crossings , called Taylor 's death "  a tragic loss under valiant circumstances . " "  We extend our sympathy and thoughts to her family and friends at this very sad time . We have been asked by the family not to comment further . We will respect their wishes , " a post on the association 's website said . Taylor 's father , Ian Wright , spoke to British media . "  I 'm devastated . I 've lost the best person in the world . She was just wonderful , " he told the Independent . He told the paper his daughter worked part-time as an accountant while pursuing her charitable endeavors . Geoff Ellis , chief executive of Rainbows Hospice , praised Taylor 's fundraising efforts in an interview with the BBC . "  Susan was a wonderful woman who would do anything for anybody . She has been a much-loved ambassador at Rainbows for over two years , helping out at events and tirelessly fundraising for us , " Ellis was quoted as saying . Kevin Murphy , secretary of the Channel Swimming and Piloting Federation , told the BBC that deaths during channel swims were rare . "  We know it 's an extreme sport , but its safety record is second to none . In nearly 150 years , there have been only half a dozen fatalities , " the BBC quoted him as saying . About 20 to 30 people make successful solo swims across the English Channel each year , according to soloswims.com . The Channel Swimming and Piloting Federation reports 10 successful crossings this year ; the most recent of those are four completed crossings on Monday . Although the straight-line distance across the channel is 21 miles , swimmer must off swim much farther because of the effects of tides .	Susan Taylor collapsed near end of 21-mile crossing , report says 34-year-old was part-time accountant and fund-raiser Only half a dozen channel deaths in 150 years of crossings , organization says
CNN  -- Zimbabwe has known only one leader in its entire 33-year history as an independent nation , and President Robert Mugabe hopes that does n't change any time soon . Voters head to the polls Wednesday for the first time since the violence-marred election in 2008 to choose between the 89-year-old incumbent and his arch political rival-turned-prime minister , Morgan Tsvangirai . Interactive : Democracy in Africa As the July 31 vote day approaches , Zimbabwean election officials and some human rights organizations are giving sharply different assessments on the likely validity of the vote . Once again , there are allegations that Mugabe 's government is targeting the opposition through military intimidation and arrests , and that it is padding the voter list . But the deputy chairwoman of Zimbabwe 's Electoral Commission insists that the country is ready for the elections , and vowed the outcome will be valid . "  Elections will be credible , free and fair , " Joyce Kazembe told the South African Press Association this week . Some 600 foreign observers are monitoring the ballot , in addition to 6,000 local monitors , according to SAPA . Zimbabwe did not invite Western observers to monitor the elections because of sanctions imposed on Mugabe and his top officials for rights abuses . The African Union , which has sent more than 60 members to monitor the elections , has also expressed confidence in the process . "  The environment in Zimbabwe so far reassures us that that the conditions are good for the election to be held on July 31 , " Aisha Abdullahi , AU commissioner for political affairs , said at a news conference last week , according to SAPA . Some observers say that the country may not be as ready as the African Union and Zimbabwe officials suggest . A Human Rights Watch investigation last month found that the Zimbabwe national army "  has deployed soldiers across the country , intimidating , beating , and otherwise abusing perceived supporters of the Movement for Democratic Change or those critical of the government . " Zimbabwe , seeking election funding , turns to neighboring countries Zimbabwe 's government has also arrested lawyers and members of organizations they see as threatening , according to Beatrice Mtetwa , a human rights lawyer based in Zimbabwe . "  Certainly in the last nine months we 've seen a lot of civil society activists being arrested , " Mtetwa told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last month . "  I also believe that my arrest is part of that crackdown because they want as few human rights lawyers to be out there during the election period as they can manage to stop , " she added . Mtetwa was detained in March after she asked police for a search warrant when they searched one of her clients ' homes , Amnesty International documented . When she told the police that what they were doing was "  unlawful , unconstitutional , illegal and undemocratic , " she was arrested for "  obstructing the course of justice . " There are also concerns that the voter roll may be inaccurate . More than 1 million people on the roll were found to be either deceased or departed , while 63 constituencies had more registered voters than inhabitants , according to a report last month by Research and Advocacy Unit , a Harare-based non-governmental research organization . "  Such statistics suggest that the gap between the ideal and the actual impinges upon the integrity of Zimbabwe 's electoral process , " the report stated . Opposition party leaders and observers have called for postponement of elections , saying that more time is required to establish a transparent voting process . At a news conference on Friday -- just five days before the election -- Tsvangirai said that "  there is clear evidence of manipulation " in poll preparations . Tsvangirai claimed that ballot papers cast in his favor during early voting for security services were discovered tossed in a bin . "  There is a desperate attempt to subvert the people 's will , " he said . Early voting for security services members has already seen problems due to shortages of ballot papers and voting ink . Out of 63,268 people who were eligible to vote in the early polling , only 37,108 voted , according to Kazembe . Tsvangirai and the Southern Africa Development Community have urged Mugabe to delay the ballot . There are fears that this election could descend into violence like the last election in 2008 , which resulted in a runoff . Tsvangirai pulled out of the runoff , citing intimidation , torture , mutilation and murder of his supporters . Regional leaders dismissed Zimbabwe 's 2008 election as a sham , and the SADC pressured Mugabe to form a power-sharing agreement with Tsvangirai and his opposition Movement for Democratic Change . As a result , the two bitter rivals entered into an uneasy governing coalition in 2009 . Some 6.4 million voters in Zimbabwe -- about half of the country 's population -- will be eligible to cast their ballots on Wednesday , according to the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission . The elections will be held under a new constitution endorsed in a referendum in March that limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe is allowed to seek another term because the new charter does not apply retroactively . Last week , Mugabe had a few words for critics of the upcoming election . In response to criticisms from the United States on his push for elections without key reforms , Mugabe said at a rally , "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please . " Opinion : Africa 's rocky road to democracy	Zimbabwe 's presidential elections are next week The last vote in 2008 was marred by violence Robert Mugabe , 89 , has been the country 's only president
CNN  -- European champions Spain underlined their credentials as one of the favorites for the World Cup with a 2-0 victory over France at the Stade de France on Wednesday night . FIFA 's top-rated nation scored first half goals through David Villa and Sergio Ramos to deflate France , who were playing their first match since their controversial qualification for South Africa at the expense of Ireland . The emphatic win increases the pressure on French coach Raymond Domenech , whose popularity continues to plummet while Thierry Henry , whose infamous handball helped eliminate the Irish , was jeered when he left the field in the second half by a frustrated home crowd . It all added up to a night of misery for the French with their supporters taking to cheering every pass completed by the stylish Spanish side . France did make a good start and Franck Ribery impressed on the right side of midfield , but in the 21st minute David Silva dummied Andres Iniesta 's through pass and his Valencia teammate Villa easily beat Hugo Lloris . The vital second goal arrived just before halftime as Real Madrid 's Ramos was given too much time and space to cut inside and curl home a shot with his left foot with flicked off Julien Escude and past Lloris . Barcelona midfielder Xavi and Liverpool 's Fernando Torres were given run outs by Spain in the second half and Sevilla winger Jesus Navas almost made it 3-0 in injury time as his shot went narrowly wide . Domenech 's men had to wait until the 80th minute to seriously threaten the Spain goal as Chelsea 's Florent Malouda headed against the post after a cross from fellow substitute Djibril Cisse . In the other prestige friendly on Wednesday between traditional powerhouses , Diego Maradona 's Argentina beat Germany 1-0 in Berlin . Real Madrid 's Gonzalo Higuain scored the only goal just before halftime as he beat onrushing home keeper Rene Adler to a through ball and rounded him to score . Veteran midfielder Juan Veron almost added a second with a 40 meter effort . The Netherlands edged past the United States 2-1 win with goals from Dirk Kuyt from the penalty spot and Klaas Jan Huntelaar , while Uruguay came from behind to win 3-1 in Switzerland . Gokhan Inler 's penalty put the hosts in front , but Diego Forlan equalized before further efforts from Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani .	European champions Spain beat France 2-0 in friendly at Stade de France Goals from David Villa and Sergio Ramos seal comfortable win for world No. 1 Spain Defeat piles pressure on unpopular French coach Raymond Domenech Diego Maradona 's Argentina beat Germany 1-0 in Berlin
Washington  CNN  -- The moment is iconic . The lights are bright . The House chamber is buzzing . Millions of Americans are waiting to hear the state of their union . And then the voice : "  Mr. Speaker , the president of the United States . " On Tuesday night , Paul Irving will introduce President Barack Obama before his State of the Union address . But for 17 years , it was Bill Livingood whose booming voice kicked off the event with those eight words . The crowd would applaud and the president would stride into the House chamber , shaking hands and greeting members of Congress from both sides , about to fulfill an important constitutional provision . Livingood , a soft-spoken 76-year-old who retired last year , called this part of the job "  sort of not my ilk . " Livingood never expected to introduce the president when he became House sergeant at arms in 1995 . Before then , the duties of announcing the president , he said , fell to the House doorkeeper . But Livingood was tapped for the honor after then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich got rid of the doorkeeper job . "  I started practicing , " he said last week with a laugh . "  And practiced and practiced and practiced and practiced . In my office , I practiced ; at home , I practiced , in the car because I did n't want to get that wrong . " Livingood had an office just off the House floor . "  The first time I did it , " he said , "  I was concerned even though it was only eight words . So I wrote it in a piece of paper , and I kept it in my hand . The next year , I wrote it on a piece of paper , and I kept it in my pocket and from then one it was really relegated to my pocket . " He started every State of the Union address until he stepped down last year , welcoming presidents from Bill Clinton to Obama . In total , he introduced the president 20 times , including in joint sessions of Congress . At a December 2011 event honoring his career , House Speaker John Boehner reflected on Livingood 's 17 years of service in the chamber . "  An example of class and humility , Bill has led us through the unthinkable , " Boehner said . "  Bill Livingood enters the books as a good law enforcement officer , a good criminal investigator , and above all , a good and decent man . Bill , we 're sorry to see you go , but on behalf of the whole House , thank you for your service . " House Minority Leader and former Speaker Nancy Pelosi also acknowledged him . "  Announcing the president at the annual State of the Union address has made Bill Livingood known in the homes of many American families , and his service of nearly 17 years , and under four different speakers of the House , puts him in the history books , " she said in a statement . Some of the best moments of those introductions , Livingood said , occurred when he had a chance to say hello to the leader of his nation . "  Every one of them has just been unbelievable as far as being nice , and they talk to you , " Livingood said . "  I usually say I 'm glad you 're here Mr. President because to me it does n't matter who is our president . " Introducing the president is by far the most high-profile few seconds of the job , but it is n't the only duty . The sergeant at arms is the chief law enforcement officer for the House of Representatives , responsible for the overall security of the legislative body . He also is part of a three-person group that oversees the Capitol Police Board . Most of the job is behind the scenes . Livingood said he was n't offended when people asked him what else he did on Capitol Hill . Instead , he said , he felt honored that introducing the president was so high profile . "  I think for 17 years , we are used to seeing the sergeant at arms , or me , doing it , and I hope they felt as comfortable seeing me there as I felt being with them out there , " Livingood said . "  And it took me awhile to be comfortable ... but I really did become comfortable . " Livingood was sergeant at arms during some difficult years that included the anthrax attacks on Capitol Hill offices . He also helped reform House security systems after the September 11 attacks . Before joining the House , Livingood had a decorated career in the Secret Service for 33 years . He was protecting one of Vice President Lyndon Johnson 's daughters at the time of President John F. Kennedy 's assassination and was a senior adviser to three directors at the Secret Service 's Office of Training . When Livingood stepped down from the job in January 2012 , Irving , another Secret Service veteran , replaced him . The two are close , and Livingood talks about Irving like a proud father . "  I 'm very proud of my replacement because he 's outstanding and he 's a good guy , " Livingood said . "  I 've known him ; he came from Secret Service . " As for whether he would do it again , Livingood laughed and said his "  time has passed . " "  It 's time for someone else , " he said . "  But I really did enjoy it and that is -- I think of all the things that changed for me -- that is one thing that changed rather rapidly -- the enjoyment of it . "	For 17 years , Bill Livingood introduced the president at the State of the Union address As House sergeant at arms , Livingood introduced every president from Clinton to Obama Paul Irving replaced Livingood when he retired last year
President Barack Obama might be trying to distance himself from MIT economist Jonathan Gruber who has drawn heat for saying the "  stupidity of the American voter " was a key factor in passing the President 's signature health care law , but in 2006 then-Sen . Barack Obama said he pulled ideas from the academic "  liberally . " Speaking at a Brookings Institution event the same day as Gruber , Obama praised him and other academics as "  some of the brightest minds from academia and policy circles , many of them I 've stolen ideas from liberally , " according to a video reported Monday by The Washington Free Beacon . Obama goes on to list four of the seven panelists at the April 2006 event , including "  Jon Gruber . " Gruber was hired in 2009 as a consultant to the Obama administration as it began crafting the Affordable Care Act , now commonly known as Obamacare . Gruber netted nearly $ 400,000 for the year-long job spent modeling the impact of proposals that would later be shaped into Obama 's signature health care law . Obamacare : Voters , are you stupid ? Democrats have tried to extinguish the scandal that flamed after a half-dozen years-old videos of Gruber surfaced in recent weeks in which he suggests advocates of the law exploited "  the lack of economic understanding of the American voter " and said "  people are too stupid " to understand the nuances of the law and its language . Obama on Sunday dismissed Gruber as "  some adviser who never worked on our staff " and insisted his administration and other proponents of the law never misled voters about the legislation . "  We had a yearlong debate " Obama said . "  The fact that some adviser who never worked on our staff expressed an opinion that I completely disagree with ... is no reflection on the actual process that was run . " Obama is not the first official to walk back on his praise of Gruber . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi claimed outright that she did not "  know who he is " and said he "  did n't help write our bill " when in fact she had cited the economist 's work approvingly in 2009 and even mentioned Gruber by name in an interview that same year .	Obama speaking of Gruber and other academics in 2006 : "  Many of them I 've stolen ideas from liberally " Despite the '06 praise , Obama dismissed Gruber as "  some adviser " after Gruber 's remarks drew fire Gruber talked about "  the stupidity of the American voter " in videos that surfaced in the last two weeks
CNN  -- Two more celebrities have joined comedian Drew Carey in offering a reward to find those responsible for using the widespread ice bucket challenge trend to trick an autistic teenager into being drenched with a bucket of urine , feces and spit . Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg joined Carey on Sunday in offering $ 10,000 each over Twitter to find those behind the prank on the student from Bay Village , Ohio . "  If the Bay Village PD wants to start a reward fund to find who did this , contact me . I 'll donate $ 10k , " Carey tweeted over the weekend . If the Bay Village PD wants to start a reward fund to find who did this , contact me . I 'll donate $ 10k . http://t.co/ugqeLbu5ob Bay Village is a suburb of Cleveland , Carey 's hometown and the city where "  The Drew Carey Show " was based . A video of the prank shows the teen standing outside a garage door in his underwear when someone from the rooftop dumps a bucket of murky brown fluid over his head . The 15-year-old boy 's mother told CNN affiliate WJW-TV in Cleveland that the video was discovered on her son 's cell phone . "  He was embarrassed because he did not know what the contents were until afterwards , and then he did n't want anybody to know , " the mother told the station . "  They used his phone to tape it , and they put it up on Instagram . " The stunt appears to be a spoof of the ALS ice bucket challenge in which participants get a bucket of ice water dumped over their heads . The campaign raises awareness and donations for research on Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . According to the ALS Association , the Ice Bucket Challenge has raised more than $ 110 million . The Bay Village police said it has been interviewing witnesses and trying to identify those involved . "  Preliminary information suggests this occurred prior to the start of the school year at a home in Bay Village , " the department said . "  We understand the collective community anger . It is the hope of our community that this anger will be channeled into a positive action and supporting organizations such as Autism Speaks . " The Bay Village Schools superintendent said the school district is "  heartsick over the cruel actions taken against one of our students . " "  Many of our students and staff members have been participating in fundraising for ALS through the Ice Bucket Challenge , " Superintendent Clint Keener wrote . "  It hurts us deeply to see such a wonderful effort twisted to deliberately cause someone pain . "	NEW : Jennie McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg offer to add to reward fund Someone dumped urine and feces from a rooftop onto an autistic teen 's head Mother : He did n't know what the contents were until afterward Cleveland native Drew Carey first offered $ 10,000 to find those responsible
CNN  -- The Bolivian government on Wednesday defended itself from accusations that it has not invested enough in a southwestern province that has found itself under siege by protesters for two weeks . About 6,000 of the 160,000 residents of Potosi , the capital of the province of the same name , have mounted a blockade that has cut off all roads , train and air traffic with the rest of the country . The protesters are demanding several projects , including construction of a modern airport , new roads and a cement factory . They are also in a boundary dispute with a neighboring province , Oruro . Some protesters also launched a hunger strike , which has been joined by Felix Gonzalez , Potosi Province governor , and other officials as well as union leaders . On Wednesday , the civic organizations in charge of the blockade said the only mediator they will accept is Bolivian President Evo Morales . The government did not immediately respond to that demand . But the country 's interior minister reiterated that the government will not use force to end the siege . "  In the government 's strategy , the only solution to this problem is dialogue , " Minister Sacha Llorenti said . "  Under no circumstances are we going to fall into any type of provocation . We are not going to use force precisely because some radical sectors want this to have a disastrous ending . " Presidential spokesman Ivan Canelas made the strongest defense yet against the protesters claims . The federal government has budgeted $ 577 million for new roads in Potosi province , a sum higher than for many other provinces , Canelas said , according to the state-run ABI news agency . The government has also built schools , stadiums and parks in the province under a federal program , he said . The country 's minister of mines also made a plea , saying that the region 's mining projects , and the royalties that it gains from them , are suffering from the blockade . According to reports from the city of Potosi , the town suffers more each day from shortages of food and hundreds of people are stranded inside , ABI reported . Canelas accused some opposition political leaders of trying to "  provoke situations of confrontation without thinking in the interests of the people of Potosi . " He mentioned that the United Nations has weighed in on the matter , denouncing publicly the violation of the human rights of the people of Potosi who are trapped in the city . "  The human rights of free movement and access to education , health and the rights of children are violated with attitudes of violence emerging from the pressure tactics , " Canelas said . For their part , the protesters say that Morales has abandoned them after they supported his presidential bid four years ago . The leftist Morales , who is indigenous , relied on a broad base of support among indigenous people and the poor -- nearly always one and the same in Bolivia -- for his election victory . Whites in Bolivia account for only 15 percent of the population , according to the CIA World Factbook . About 30 percent of the population is Quechua and another 25 percent are Aymara , both indigenous groups . Mestizos , who are of mixed white and indigenous ancestry , account for 30 percent of the population .	Protesters in Potosi have blocked the city off for two weeks At issue are investments in infrastructure and a boundary dispute Protest leaders say that the only mediator they will accept is the president The government says it will not resort to force to end the siege in Bolivia
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- A prominent leader of pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine resigned his post Thursday as fighting flared there , with militants reportedly downing a Ukrainian military plane . Alexander Borodai , prime minister of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , told reporters he was stepping down and handing over power to Alexander Zakharchenko , a little-known militia commander . As Ukrainian forces rapidly advance toward the key rebel-controlled city and Russia builds up forces along the border , the sudden resignation leaves a number of questions about the volatile region 's future unanswered : What does it mean ? Are militants disbanding and vanishing into the night ? Is there a brutal battle ahead ? Borodai , a Russian citizen who rose to power as pro-Russian rebels took portions of eastern Ukraine earlier this year , was a prominent public face for the separatists after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed last month . He gave little reason for his resignation Thursday , other than saying he considered the job of founding the republic to be finished and that it was time for a Ukrainian to take the reins . The announcement came after days of assault on rebel positions near Donetsk by Ukrainian forces . Shelling in the Donetsk area , which could be heard periodically in and around the city , killed four civilians and injured 18 others on Thursday , local officials said . About 25 miles to the northeast , rebels shot down a Ukrainian MiG-29 near the town of Yenakievo on Thursday evening , Ukrainian military spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov said . Initial information indicates that a missile from a Russian-made surface-to-air antiaircraft system , called Buk or SA-11 , shot the plane , Seleznyov said . Information about the fate of the pilot was n't immediately available . That 's the same type of missile system that U.S. and Ukrainian officials have alleged downed Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in eastern Ukraine last month , killing all 298 people on board . U.S. officials have concluded the missile was fired from rebel-held territory . Rebel leaders and Russia , which Western nations have accused of supplying the rebels in the months-long fighting , deny involvement . The ongoing fighting has killed close to 1,400 people -- civilians and combatants -- and more than 4,000 people have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April , according to U.N. officials . The battles also have forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes and seek shelter either elsewhere in Ukraine or across the border in Russia . NATO warns Russia NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned Russia Thursday that any further intervention in Ukraine "  would lead to further isolation " and "  deeper , more profound , tougher economic sanctions that would really hurt the Russian economy . " Rasmussen told reporters in Kiev he hopes that Russia , which according to NATO has 20,000 troops along the border with Ukraine , "  steps back because it would n't be in Russia 's interest to intervene further . " Russia has denied allegations that it 's supporting separatists in Ukraine and maintains that it wants to see a diplomatic solution to the crisis . But U.S. and Ukrainian officials have accused Russia of saying one thing while doing another -- building up troops along the border and continuing to send support to pro-Russian separatists . MH17 search efforts halted The fighting also prompted an international team of experts , led by the Netherlands , to suspend its efforts to search the MH17 debris sites for remaining human remains amid fierce fighting in the area . The experts said the area was n't safe to search , citing intensified battles in the area . Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told reporters Wednesday that search teams plan to return to the plane crash site . But he did n't give a date for when that might happen . "  We have done what we could do in the current conditions , " Rutte said . "  Everyone will agree with us that we should not expose our people to unnecessary risk . " Ukraine 's government said Thursday that it was scrapping a cease-fire around the crash site -- put in place to enable the team 's work -- until their mission restarts . In a statement on the Cabinet website , it accused the rebels of provocations and of putting the experts ' lives at risk . The statement from Ukraine 's Cabinet said at least three more zones where debris lies scattered remain unexamined . The experts plan to discuss when the next stage of the search operation might begin shortly , it said . Until the decision is made , most will leave Ukraine , but coordination and communication teams will stay . Search for MH17 victims halted for now What is Putin 's endgame in Ukraine ? U.S. , EU coordinate on Russia sanctions , but will they work ? Things to know about Russia and sanctions Russian troop increase at Ukraine border raises concerns CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Phil Black , Jim Acosta , Isa Soares and journalists Victoria Butenko and Olga Pavlova contributed to this report .	Rebel leader says his job is done , time to hand over the reins Resignation comes as Ukrainian military moves to retake Donetsk Ukraine : Militants shot down Ukrainian MiG-29 on Thursday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An official with Falah-e-Insaniyat Foundation , a group with alleged links to a banned Pakistani terrorist organization , says the U.S. Agency for International Development 's administrator visited a camp the group is running and praised the work being done there . The United States is denying that claim . On Wednesday , the head of USAID , Dr. Rajiv Shah , went to Sukkur , Pakistan , to get a firsthand look at the needs of the flood survivors and how aid is being distributed . He visited two relief camps . One of the camps was inside Double Session High School , where the charity with alleged terrorist ties says it had a banner up in Urdu . Inside the camp , aid was being distributed in big bags from USAID . Representatives from the World Food Program also were there , as was the U.S.-based Save the Children charity . But the Falah-e-Insaniyat Foundation 's leader in Sukkur , Khateeb Ullah , said his group is running that camp and others . "  Our charity is running five camps in the city and providing accommodations , food and medicine to 3,500 flood victims . Jamaat-ud-Dawa is supporting us financially and morally , " Ullah said . Jamaat-ud-Dawa has been banned by Pakistan and the United Nations as a terrorist front group . Hafiz Saeed , the leader of Jamaat-ud-Dawa , has "  provided us dry food in huge quantity to help the flood victims , " Ullah said . The Indian government has accused Saeed of being the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks , in which 10 Pakistani terrorists took over five-star hotels and a Jewish center in India and left more than 160 people dead . Saeed was put under house arrest but was released by a Pakistani court that cited insufficient evidence . A spokesman with the U.S. Embassy , Richard Snelsire , said , "  They may have had a banner up , and the organization may have been there and distributed aid earlier , but that does n't mean the group is running the camp . " A statement from the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan later in the day read in part : "  USAID partners have been providing assistance to victims of the flooding at the school since August 16th . The Double Session High School is a Pakistan government school and is under the supervision of the government of Pakistan . At no time during his visit did Dr. Shah encounter or meet with any members of a banned extremist organization . " Foreign Ministry spokesman Abdul Basit said , "  I am not aware of any camps being run by any banned organization . " Although Falah-e-Insanyiat is not a banned terrorist organization , it allegedly is the charity wing of one . Pakistan is a strategic country in the war on terrorism , and analysts say the United States can not afford to let a lack of Western aid increase the impact of charities associated with militant groups . Amjad Jamal , the spokesman in Pakistan for the World Food Program , which also is providing assistance at the school , said : "  Our systems of engaging partners in every country are very clear . World Food Program does not work with any charity linked to terrorism . " The United States pumped millions of dollars into Pakistan before the floods . With millions more new aid coming into the country because of the flooding , it is insisting the government be transparent about how aid money from around the world is being spent .	Falah-e-Insaniyat says it is operating a camp praised by the head of USAID The group is allegedly linked to a Pakistani terrorist organization The United States contends the camp is not being run by Falah-e-Insaniyat
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A dozen Australian swimmers have fallen ill at the beleaguered Commonwealth Games in India , officials say . The swimmers are reporting a higher percentage of diarrhea than other athletes at the games , said an Australian official who spoke on condition of anonymity . Two Australian swimmers have withdrawn . "  The Commonwealth Games Federation chief , Mike Fennell , asked at a press conference Thursday that immediate tests be conducted on all pools . The organizing committee conducted the tests and have come back and said the water quality in all pools is clear , " said an official with the Commonwealth Games Federation , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . When asked whether there was a problem with the food , he said : "  We are confident the food in the games village is up to international standards . Since September 12 , more than 700 tests have been conducted on the food and all independent tests have passed with flying colors . " The federation is exploring what else could have sickened the athletes . The illnesses threaten to further mar the games , which have been widely criticized . Organizers scrambled to pull together the event after a pedestrian bridge at a stadium collapsed last month and officials called accommodations at the athletes ' village uninhabitable and filthy . It 's the first time India has hosted the international sporting event between countries of the former British Empire . The games , held every four years , include many Olympic events and other sports traditionally played in those countries . The games gave India an opportunity to promote a shiny image as an emerging power . The government spent billions on a new international airport , additional metro lines and fresh landscaping along dingy Delhi roads . Problems piled up before the games , however . Last month , gunmen fired on a tourist bus in New Delhi and injured two Taiwanese tourists . A car blaze turned out to be a crudely manufactured bomb . And a militant group warned that it planned to target the games . Indian law enforcement authorities responded with a heightened security plan , placing thousands of extra forces on the streets of the capital . Two world-class athletes canceled their trips , citing security and health concerns . Entire teams threatened to do the same , while others delayed their arrival date . Elena Baltacha , a tennis player picked to represent Scotland at the games , pulled out . "  I am incredibly disappointed , because I was really excited about playing for Scotland , but conditions in Delhi are such that going there would pose too high a risk to my health , " she said at the time . India remains a developing country with millions of poor people , and risks such as dengue fever . On Monday , doctors confirmed a case of dengue fever in an official with the Indian lawn bowls team at the Commonwealth Games . The 30-year-old man could have contracted the disease from outside the athletes ' village in New Delhi . He had complained of feeling sick a day after arriving at the athletes village last month , said a spokesman for the G.B. Pant Hospital in the city . Dengue is the most common virus transmitted by mosquitoes in the world . It causes as many as 100 million infections and kills 25,000 people every year . Dengue is found in tropical and sub-tropical climates worldwide , mostly in urban and semi-urban areas , according to the World Health Organization .	A dozen Australian swimmers have been sickened They are reporting a higher percentage of diarrhea than other athletes Pool water has tested clean , a games official said on condition of anonymity Organizers are exploring what else could have sickened the athletes
Brooksville , Florida  CNN  -- Freda Green thought the battle was over when her husband returned from the Vietnam War . But more than seven years after his death in 2003 , she says the U.S. Defense Department is demanding she repay more than $ 41,000 in benefits the government shelled out as part of an insurance policy he paid into . "  They gave me 45 days to pay it back , " said Green , 74 , who claims the federal government began garnishing her benefit payments when she could n't pay it all back at once . "  They said 45 days , and two weeks later they started taking it out of my check , " she said . Green says $ 577 is now being deducted from her military benefit check each month . The reason : She got remarried last year . It is a confusing section of a federal law that affects some 57,000 military spouses -- and their children -- who receive military benefits and are now being forced to pay Uncle Sam back after walking down the aisle again , according to Norb Ryan , a retired Navy vice admiral and president of the Military Officers Association of America . "  Here we are taxing the groups that have done the most for this country , " said Ryan . "  If I were in the Pentagon , I 'd be awfully embarrassed by this situation . " A Pentagon spokesman declined to comment on Green 's case . Green 's first husband , Jerry , a 33-year Air Force veteran who served during World War II , Korea and Vietnam , elected to pay monthly premiums on an insurance policy for supplemental survivor benefit coverage , she said . The program is a Department of Defense plan , similar to an annuity , that provides the benefit to the surviving spouse . When her husband died from heart and lung problems that the Air Force determined were military-related , Green had to choose between collecting his pension or a separate monthly benefit from the Veterans Administration . She chose the latter . In addition to the monthly benefit , the Pentagon sent her more than $ 41,000 from the government-sponsored insurance policy her husband purchased . Green said she received the lump-sum check shortly after his death . It prompted her to call the Defense Department for an explanation , she said . "  I called Air Force finance , and they said , ` No . That 's your money . ' I was afraid the money was n't mine and they made a mistake . " The letter from the Air Force reads : "  Because Jerry died from 100 percent service connected disabilities , all of the money he paid for survivor 's benefits is to be refunded . " "  That 's what they told me , " she recalled . Green said she then cashed the check , paying more than $ 6,000 in taxes . In 2009 , a federal judge ruled survivors could get both of the original benefits if they remarry after the age of 57 . Green -- who was remarried last April -- then became entitled to collect her husband 's pension in addition to the separate Veterans Administration benefits . Uncle Sam is now paying both , but wants the $ 41,000 back from the supplemental insurance policy , plus 6 % interest -- all because of her marriage . A bill that Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , introduced last week is meant to fix the issue . "  A cost of war is not just guns and ammunition and tanks and airplanes , " said Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida . "  A cost of war is taking care of veterans and also taking care of the deceased service members widows , widowers , and orphans . " The issue may be cost . In congressional testimony , Pentagon officials have opposed eliminating the offset because they believe it would create an inequity as some spouses would receive two benefits while others would receive only one . Ryan said it will cost more than $ 600 million each year to fully cover all 57,000 remarried military spouses . "  The military gave her the money back when he died , " said Suzanne Gerstner , a spokeswoman for Gold Star Wives of America , a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping military widows . "  Now they want it back . " Gerstner also said it is unfair that Green , and others like her , have to repay the full amount , including the $ 6,000 she lost in government taxes . "  She paid taxes  and  she 's going to pay taxes again , " Gerstner said . "  This is n't right under anybody 's book . " Green says Congress needs to change the law . "  They need to fix it now , " she said , saying she feels as though Pentagon and elected officials are "  waiting for the military widows to die off . "	Widow says the Defense Department demanded she repay $ 41,000 in benefits after she remarried Green says $ 577 is being deducted from her military benefit check each month A Pentagon spokesman declines to comment
Washington  CNN  -- If you 're one of the millions of Americans who get even a portion of your electric power from a nuclear generating plant , for more than three decades you 've been paying a tax , whether you realize it or not , to fund the storage of nuclear waste from that plant in a safe place . Collected at an estimated $ 750 million a year , the Nuclear Energy Institute now says this so-called "  nuclear waste fund " amounts to close to $ 30 billion . And it is not being used to pay for the storage of a single ounce of spent nuclear fuel . "  The government has made much more of a mess than it should have been , " Jay Silberg , a Washington lawyer , told CNN . Silberg represents many of the nation 's biggest nuclear power companies and for more than 20 years , he 's been involved in lawsuits against the government , trying to make it pay for what he says it promised to do way back in 1982 . "  That program , when it was set up , was supposed to be science-based , " he says . At one point , all of the nation 's spent nuclear fuel -- at least the spent fuel used for commercial power generation -- was supposed to end up at a bleak spot in Nevada , about 90 miles north of Las Vegas , called Yucca Mountain . Since the project began , the government has spent close to $ 11 billion in construction , engineering and scientific studies and there have been several blue ribbon commissions examining the safety of Yucca Mountain to hold all that waste . What happened ? "  Rather than let the science take its course , politics has interfered and the plug has been pulled on Yucca , at least so far , " Silberg told CNN . And by politics , he means politics at the highest level . Almost from the start , Nevada politicians said they wanted nothing to do with the Yucca Mountain Project . But it was n't until Barack Obama began his presidential campaign that Nevada 's opposition gained serious traction . Obama wrote to a Las Vegas newspaper , The Review-Journal , in the spring of 2007 saying he had "  always " been against storing nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain . And then after he became president , Obama killed nearly all of the essential government funds for Yucca Mountain . And he did one more thing . Obama appointed Gregory Jaczko as chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , the government agency with the power to regulate the nation 's nuclear plants and with oversight over Yucca Mountain . Jazcko  pronounced "  Yaz-Koh "  served for years as chief of staff to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , who vowed never to allow Yucca Mountain to proceed . The offices of Sen. Reid and Jaczko told CNN that the nation 's spent nuclear fuel is safe right where it is , strung out across 65 storage sites nationwide . That spent fuel ... tiny uranium pellets surrounded by steel rods coated with a zirconium alloy all packaged in a highly engineered assembly ... now totals more than 70,000 tons nationwide . Two thirds of that spent fuel , according to the Nuclear Energy Institute , is now in pools under about 40 feet of water . Some anti nuclear organizations say those pools are too jammed with spent fuel rods and are vulnerable to accident or terrorist attack . The nuclear industry says the spent fuel is safe and NRC officials say they believe the spent fuel can be reliably stored where it is for another 40 years . CNN wanted to visit Yucca Mountain to see what 's become of the project . The most recent television footage available of Yucca Mountain was taken in 2002 . But officials from the Department of Energy , which oversees Yucca , declined , citing safety reasons . Some Republican members of Congress say they , too , were blocked in an attempt to visit Yucca . At a Senate hearing this week in Washington , Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , pointedly told NRC Chairman Jaczko that it was "  important to ask about Yucca Mountain . " "  We have collected $ 30 billion to pay for an eventual disposal , " he said . "  Why not use it ? "	America 's nuclear waste fund has close to $ 30 billion Obama opposes Yucca Mountain site for nuclear storage Spent fuel is stored in 65 storage sites
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles woman whom rapper 50 Cent is accused of kicking in a domestic violence incident is a model and an actress who had a part in a "  Pirates of the Caribbean " film , her representative told CNN Friday . Daphne Joy , who was born in the Philippines , has a baby by the rapper and is now focusing on safety for the child and herself , said Jim Yeager , a spokesman for the Los Angeles law firm of Meyer , Olson , Lowy & Meyers , which is representing her . The alleged victim , whose name was n't earlier disclosed by authorities , released her name Friday through Yeager . Joy played a principal mermaid in 2011 's "  Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides . " She 's also had roles on TV 's "  CSI : Las Vegas , " "  Criminal Minds , " "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " and "  Wild 'N Out , " her website says . 50 Cent 's real name is Curtis Jackson . The 37-year-old is facing one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism . "  Daphne Joy and Curtis Jackson have been together for a few years in an exclusive relationship , " said a statement by the law firm . "  They had a child and now Daphne 's number one priority is to ensure both her and the baby 's safety during this difficult time . We also hope everyone will respect her and the baby 's privacy . " This week , however , Los Angeles City Attorney Mike Feuer 's office described Joy as "  a former girlfriend " of Curtis . The alleged victim "  had previously been in a three-year relationship with Jackson , " the city prosecutor 's office said . Jackson denies the allegations , said his attorney , Scott Leemon . "  It is important to note , Mr. Jackson has not been arrested and there is no warrant outstanding for his arrest , " Leemon said . "  We have been in contact with the LA City Attorney 's Office and are currently conducting our own investigation into these allegations . " Jackson is accused of ransacking Joy 's bedroom during an argument at her Los Angeles condo last month . Joy lives in the city 's Toluca Lake neighborhood . Joy alleges she was injured when Jackson kicked her on June 23 , the city attorney said . Authorities allege Jackson caused $ 7,100 in damaged property and left the scene before police arrived . "  During an argument , Jackson allegedly began destroying the female 's property , " the city prosecutor 's office said in a written statement . "  Allegedly when the female locked herself in her bedroom , Jackson kicked open the bedroom door and kicked her , causing an injury . " Police found broken chandeliers and furniture throughout the home . The bedroom closet was ransacked , with clothes thrown all over the floor , and there was a broken television and lamp , the prosecutor 's office said . Jackson 's arraignment is set for July 22 at Van Nuys Superior Court . If convicted on all five counts , he would face up to five years in jail and $ 46,000 in fines . On Twitter , the rapper has appeared to give a lighthearted response to the accusations . On Friday , he shared a series of photos of himself lounging around with playful captions such as , "  I 'm not in jail I 'm by my pool , " and , "  I 'm not in jail I 'm on my Gucci couch . " CNN 's Alan Duke and Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	Rapper 50 Cent riffs on Twitter about what he 's doing while "  I 'm not in jail " The alleged victim releases her name through attorneys : Daphne Joy The Philippine-born actress had a part in "  Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides " She has a baby with 50 Cent , aka Curtis Jackson , now accused of kicking her
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Dominick Dunne , the former Hollywood producer and best-selling author known for his Vanity Fair essays on the courtroom travails of the rich and famous , died Wednesday in New York city after a long battle with bladder cancer . Dominick Dunne wrote five best selling books and covered high society crimes for Vanity Fair . Dunne , who described himself as "  a high-class Zelig , " was 83 . Called "  Nick " by his friends , Dunne was putting the finishing touches on his final novel , which he said he planned to call "  Too Much Money , " when his health took a turn for the worse . He flew to Germany earlier this month for another round of stem cell treatments at the same Bavarian clinic where the late Farrah Fawcett was treated . He was hospitalized upon his return to New York , then sent home . As a correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine , Dunne was a fixture at some of the most famous trials of our times -- Claus von Bulow , William Kennedy Smith , the Menendez brothers , O.J. Simpson , Michael Skakel and Phil Spector . He discovered his magazine writing career in his 50s , through personal tragedy -- his daughter 's murder . He vented his anger at the legal system in "  Justice : A Father 's Account of the Trial of his Daughter 's Killer , " following the murder trial of John Sweeney , the estranged boyfriend who strangled 22-year-old Dominique Dunne , in 1982 . Sweeney spent fewer than three years in prison . Dunne 's article was published by Vanity Fair and he accepted then-editor Tina Brown 's offer to write full-time for the magazine . Calling himself a "  diarist , " Dunne dropped bold-faced names as he spilled behind-the-scenes nuggets gleaned from courtrooms and dinner parties alike . "  It is fair to say that the halls of Vanity Fair will be lonelier without him and that , indeed , we will not see his like anytime soon , if ever again , " said editor Graydon Carter in a tribute posted on the magazine 's Web site . He bristled at one writer 's oft-repeated description of him as "  Judith Krantz in pants . " He preferred to be known as a crime victim 's advocate and frequently spoke at events sponsored by victims ' groups . The fact he personally knew many of the people he wrote about set Dunne apart from other crime writers . Dunne wrote that he met music producer Phil Spector for dinner three times during the Simpson murder trial . "  He knew every detail of the trial and story , " Dunne wrote . "  He carried a gun when we saw each other , but he never pulled it on me . " Spector later became a defendant in a trial Dunne covered . He spoke to CNN in June , while promoting the DVD release of a documentary of his life called "  After the Party . " At the time , he said he was feeling well , happy , and hopeful the treatments were working . "  I 'm pro stem cell , " he said . But even then , he seemed to know he was in a race against time . "  I want to have one more best seller , before I cool , " Dunne said . "  It 's wonderful to have a best seller . " He said his personal story puts the lie to the claim by another high society writer , the late F. Scott Fitzgerald , that there are no second acts in life . "  This is the third act , " Dunne said . "  I have a novel coming out . I finally got it finished in the clinic ... I 'm calling it ` Too Much Money . ' That 's a hooking title . " Dunne looked back on his life during the hour-long lunchtime phone chat . He said he had just one regret -- his failed marriage to his wife , Lenny , who died in 1997 . The couple never formally divorced . "  I loved that marriage , " he said . "  Lenny was the love of my life . And yet I ruined it . I was n't formed yet . The regret is that I hurt her . " Marc Juris , truTV 's executive vice president , recalled Dunne as "  a master storyteller ... who always kept his eye on the human story behind the crimes . " Besides hosting his own show on truTV , Dunne appeared frequently on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  Dominick Dunne was one of the finest people I 've known , " King said . "  He was a terrific writer , a raconteur , and a familiar face on ` Larry King Live ' for many years . He was a wonderful human being . " In court , Dunne always dressed impeccably , wearing dark jackets and gray flannels , sharply starched shirts complete with cufflinks and club-style ties . He used a fountain pen to jot notes in small bound notebooks . He was unabashedly pro-prosecution , although he said he "  lost no sleep " over Robert Blake 's acquittal on a charge of killing his wife , and was troubled by Martha Stewart 's conviction on lying to investigators about a stock deal . When Simpson 's acquittal was announced in 1995 , Dunne 's jaw dropped and the courtroom cameras caught his expression . It became an iconic image . Simpson later was found liable in a wrongful death suit and ordered to pay more than $ 33 million to the victims ' families . Dunne had been battling cancer for several years -- a fight that became widely known when he collapsed in court last year while covering Simpson 's Las Vegas armed robbery trial . He was n't in court to see Simpson sentenced to prison . Dunne 's life story reads like one of his novels . He was born to a well-to-do family in Hartford , Connecticut , in 1925 ; his father was a cardiac specialist . Dunne attended preppy Williams College , and fought in the Battle of the Bulge , winning the Bronze star . He later found work in New York as a stage manager for "  The Howdy Doody Show , " a popular kids ' show when television was in its infancy . He moved to Hollywood , rubbing elbows with the biggest names in show business during the 1960s , and became a movie producer . But he soon became addicted to alcohol and drugs , hit bottom and became his own worst nightmare -- a nobody . He sobered up and retired to a one-room cabin in Oregon to write his first novel , then headed back to New York with just a suitcase and his typewriter . In 1985 , Dunne wrote his first best-seller , "  The Two Mrs. Grenvilles , " loosely based on a society killing . That success was followed by "  People Like Us , " "  An Inconvenient Woman , " "  A Season in Purgatory , " and , following the Simpson trial , "  Another City , Not my Own . " His brother , the late John Gregory Dunne , was an accomplished author and was married to Joan Didion , a wit and famous writer . In fact , Dunne has said , he was so daunted by their talent that it probably delayed the start of his own writing career by decades . Asked if he believed in past lives , Dunne , ever the firm believer in second acts , said : "  I believe in future ones . "	Dunne had been receiving stem cell treatments in Europe for bladder cancer He was working on his final novel , due out in December Dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for Vanity Fair He also wrote best-sellers and hosted a show on truTV
CNN  -- Jeff Jones started shopping for health insurance as soon as the Obamacare insurance marketplaces opened on October 1 . The Kentucky resident is like a lot LGBT citizens who have not had access to affordable health insurance in the past . If Jones , 47 , had been able to legally marry , he would have immediately been eligible for coverage under his partner , Nathan Walker 's , policy . Walker has domestic partnership benefits at work , but the couple have n't lived together long enough to qualify for them . "  I 'm a diabetic , so I do want to make sure I 'm covered , " Jones said . Jones says he is n't the only person he knows in Lexington 's LGBT community shopping for health insurance . Many have turned to Jones , who used to work in public health , for casual advice . "  A lot of what I 've found with these exchanges is confusing , and I 've got a Ph.D. -- and experience with insurance , " Jones said . "  There are many individuals who do n't have a lot of education , and these terms are completely new to them . It 's daunting . " Obamacare navigators help patients sign up for health As a whole the LGBT community has less experience with insurance than the general population . A survey done by the Center for American Progress found that about a third of respondents were uninsured . It 's estimated some 16.3 % of the general population is uninsured . In honor of National Coming Out Day on Friday , Out2Enroll 's "  Be Out . Be Healthy . Get Covered " campaign has launched a new LGBT-friendly website with advice about how to navigate the insurance marketplace . Kellan Baker , who heads the program , did focus groups and surveys with several hundred LGBT people and heard serious concerns about the current health care system . "  We 've heard from people that health care is fundamental , " Baker said . "  Yet we wanted to make sure we were n't steering the community to something that would n't work for them . We wanted to make sure the policies in place will be inclusive of the community . " While the community is not monolithic , it does struggle with some particular health challenges that become much more deadly if a lack of health insurance keeps them from regular checkups . For instance , studies show lesbians are less likely than other women to get routine screenings that could detect cervical and breast cancer . A woman 's chances of surviving go up significantly if the cancers are caught early . Men who have sex with men -- the clinical term for gay men -- account for 63 % of the estimated new HIV infections in 2010 , according to the CDC . Regular HIV testing could help stop the spread of the virus . In light of this challenge , the Obama administration called a meeting of LGBT leaders in mid-September . Nearly 200 from across the country met with the White House to talk about the potential impact of Obamacare . It also looked at what LGBT leaders could do to spread the word . "  The purpose of this briefing was to equip community leaders with the tools , information and resources they need to get involved and help local LGBT communities get access to quality , affordable health care , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said . Obamacare "  is not about politics . It 's about dignity . " Young and healthy needed to make Obamacare mandate Out2Enroll worked with the administration to make sure the Obamacare law is completely LGBT inclusive . In years past , insurance companies were not required to allow coverage of domestic partners . Now marketplaces will offer policies that are inclusive and domestic partnership benefits will be clearly spelled out . The law also prevents insurance companies from turning someone away because of their sexual orientation or gender identity . In Out2Enroll 's focus groups they heard horror stories about companies turning applicants away because they did n't want to cover gay or transgender people . Before the Affordable Care Act , people with pre-existing conditions often could n't get coverage . Now people with illnesses that involve ongoing treatment like HIV or with a chronic illness like Jones ' diabetes will be able to get access to health insurance . Finally there will be no lifetime caps on coverage , which is particularly important to those who require constant checkups and who take medicine for chronic conditions . Obamacare open enrollment : Everything you need to know Preventative care like counseling for obesity , drug treatment , smoking cessation programs and mental health are mandatory for insurance companies to cover under Obamacare . All could help the LGBT community . Studies show lesbians and bisexual women have a higher rate of stress , smoking and obesity than the general population . They 're also at risk for heart disease , the No. 1 cause of death for women . Gay men also have a high rate of stress , smoking and substance abuse , studies show . Now with the marketplaces open , LGBT groups across the country are doing their bit to spread the word . Many have received grants and special training to help with this process . Open enrollment for the Obamacare insurance marketplaces runs through March 31 . But to get covered by January 1 -- the deadline for everyone in the country to have insurance -- you must pay for a policy by December 15 . People with lower incomes will get subsidies or tax breaks to buy them if they shop through the Obamacare marketplaces . In some states they may also qualify for Medicaid , which some chose to expand . Sean Cahill , director of health policy research at the Fenway Health Institute in Boston that focuses on LGBT health , says it will continue to spread the word about the Obamacare marketplaces . "  There are barriers that will finally be done away with in January ; it 's a great thing , " Cahill said . "  We really want to take advantage of the Affordable Care Act and get the number of insured up and get our access to care numbers up , or at least on par with what the straight community experiences . There are so many opportunities here . " Doctor shortage , increased demand could crash health care Unemployed since June , Jeff Jones is covered by COBRA insurance , but it comes with a steep price tag of a couple hundred dollars a month . "  I 'm starting to realize just how good my policy was through work , " Jones said . "  I used to only pay $ 26 a month , now next to my mortgage this is the biggest bill I have . " Jones says he will continue shopping around for the policy that will work best for him . He said the system crashed a couple of times when he was looking at it , but the navigators he called were nice . They , too , struggled to help , since their computers also kept crashing . Jones says he is undeterred . "  I 'm pretty optimistic it will work , " Jones said . "  And I will feel better knowing that I 'm covered . "	Number of LGBT people without insurance is disproportionate to the general population About a third of LGBT survey respondents were uninsured LGBT groups are helping people enroll in the insurance marketplaces
CNN  -- A new Consumer Reports survey reveals that air travelers want comfort without emptying their wallets -- and many airlines do n't deliver . US Airways landed at the bottom of the list for overall satisfaction , also receiving the lowest marks for cabin-crew service . The airline was also ranked lowest in 2007 , when the last Consumer Reports airline rankings were released . A US Airways spokesman questioned the methodology of the Consumer Reports survey and pointed out a 70 percent improvement in baggage delivery since 2007 . The airline scored a 61 out of 100 in overall satisfaction on the Consumer Reports scale . Scores above 60 mean those surveyed were "  fairly well satisfied , " according to the ratings guide . Southwest Airlines topped the rankings for overall satisfaction , with JetBlue Airways coming in second in the survey of nearly 15,000 passengers . JetBlue and Southwest also scored highest in seat comfort . The remaining eight of the 10 airlines scored low marks for comfort . Baggage handling , check-in ease , cleanliness and in-flight entertainment were some of the other factors rated . The passengers shared their experiences from a collective 29,720 domestic flights from January 2010 to January 2011 . Southwest and JetBlue battled to top each other . While JetBlue was the only airline to outscore Southwest in seat comfort , Southwest was rated the ultimate for check-in ease and cabin-crew service . JetBlue topped the in-flight entertainment ratings , with 36 channels available on each seatback screen . These survey results were compiled before cracks were discovered in some of Southwest Airlines ' planes . The pileup of added fees during or after check-in is contributing to many travelers ' decisions to fly less , according to the survey . Of the respondents who said they 've cut back on flying , 40 percent cited fees as the major reason . While most Southwest Airlines travelers -- 93 percent -- managed to avoid extra fees , passengers flying with Continental Airlines , JetBlue , Delta Airlines , American Airlines , United Airlines , US Airways , Alaska Airlines and Frontier Airlines had to pay fees . AirTran 's multiple fees were rated the worst .	A new Consumer Reports survey shows air travelers want cheap , comfortable flights US Airways received the lowest ratings overall Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways received top marks in overall satisfaction Fees are a big factor in travelers ' decisions to fly less
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Two leading Ivory Coast banks closed their doors this week , raising fears that a money shortage will worsen the crisis in the West African nation . Mounting security concerns prompted BICICI and Citibank to suspend operations Monday . Paris-based BNP Paribas , parent of BICICI , issued a statement saying it has done its best to serve clients despite the instability in Ivory Coast . "  Over these past few days , however , legal uncertainty has significantly increased , " the statement said . The bank , it said , "  is therefore no longer able to ensure legal and accounting security for its clients . It has thus decided to temporarily halt the bank 's activities until further notice . " Ivory Coast has been in crisis since a late November election that ended in dispute . The international community has pressed incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo to relinquish power to Alassane Ouattara , who foreign powers say won the election . The political standoff in the country has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . More than 33,000 people have fled to neighboring Liberia since the crisis began ; another 20,000 have been internally displaced , U.N. agencies estimate .	Security concerns prompted the banks to close Many fear a money shortage will worsen the crisis Laurent Gbagbo refuses to cede power
CNN  -- Etta James , whose assertive , earthy voice lit up such hits as "  The Wallflower , " "  Something 's Got a Hold on Me " and the wedding favorite "  At Last , " has died , according to her longtime friend and manager , Lupe De Leon . She was 73 . She died from complications from leukemia with her husband , Artis Mills , and her sons by her side , De Leon said . She was diagnosed with leukemia in 2010 , and also suffered from dementia and hepatitis C. James died at a hospital in Riverside , California . She would have turned 74 Wednesday . " This is a tremendous loss for the family , her friends and fans around the world , " De Leon said . "  She was a true original who could sing it all --  her music defied category . "  I worked with Etta for over 30 years . She was my friend and I will miss her always . " Was "  At Last " your song for your wedding 's first dance ? The powerhouse singer , known as "  Miss Peaches , " lived an eventful life . She first hit the charts as a teenager , taking "  The Wallflower  Roll With Me , Henry  " -- an "  answer record " to Hank Ballard 's "  Work With Me , Annie " -- to No. 1 on the R&B charts in 1955 . She joined Chess Records in 1960 and had a string of R&B and pop hits , many with lush string arrangements . After a mid-decade fade , she re-emerged in 1967 with a more hard-edged , soulful sound . Throughout her career , James overcame a heroin addiction , opened for the Rolling Stones , won six Grammys and was voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Despite her ups and downs -- including a number of health problems -- she maintained an optimistic attitude . "  Most of the songs I sing , they have that blue feeling to it . They have that sorry feeling . And I do n't know what I 'm sorry about , " she told CNN 's Denise Quan in 2002 . "  I do n't ! " Through it all , she was a spitfire beloved by contemporaries and young up-and-comers . "  Etta James is unmanageable , and I 'm the closest thing she 's ever had to a manager , " Lupe DeLeon , her manager of 30-plus years , told CNN in admiration . British songstress Adele named James as one of her favorite singers , along with Aretha Franklin . "  If you were to look up the word singer in the dictionary , you 'd see their names , " Adele said in an interview . Etta James was born Jamesetta Hawkins in Los Angeles to a teen mother and unknown father .  She suspected her father was the pool player Minnesota Fats . Her birth mother initially took little responsibility and James was raised by a series of people , notably a pair of boardinghouse owners . But she was recognized from a young age for her booming voice , showcased in a South Central Los Angeles church . In 1950 , her mother took her to San Francisco , where James formed a group called the Peaches . Singer Johnny Otis , best known for "  Willie and the Hand Jive , " discovered her and had her sing a song he wrote using Ballard 's tune as a model . "  The Wallflower , " with responses from "  Louie Louie " songwriter Richard Berry , made James an R&B star . Her signing to Chess introduced her to a broader audience , as the record label 's co-owner , Leonard Chess , believed she should do pop hits . Among her recordings were "  Stormy Weather , " the Lena Horne classic originally from 1933 ; "  A Sunday Kind of Love , " which dates from 1946 ; and most notably , "  At Last , " a 1941 number that was originally a hit for Glenn Miller . James ' version of "  At Last " starts out with swooning strings and the singer enters with confident gusto , dazzlingly maintaining a mood of joy and romance . Though the song failed to make the Top 40 upon its 1961 release -- though it did hit the R&B Top 10 -- its emotional punch has long made it a favorite at weddings . James ' career suffered in the mid - '60s when the British Invasion took over the pop charts and as she fought some personal demons . But she got a boost when she started recording at Rick Hall 's FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals , Alabama . Her hits included the brassy "  Tell Mama " and the raw "  I 'd Rather Go Blind , " the latter later notably covered by Rod Stewart . She entered rehab in the 1970s for her drug problem but re-established herself with live performances and an album produced by noted R&B mastermind Jerry Wexler . After another stint in rehab -- this time at the Betty Ford Clinic -- she made a comeback album , "  Seven Year Itch , " in 1988 . James mastered a range of styles -- from R&B and soul to jazz and blues -- but she was always one step behind the popular genre of the day , said Michael Coyle , a Colgate University professor who has written about jazz and R&B and reviews records for Cadence Magazine . "  She never really got her moment in the sun , " Coyle said . But James soldiered on , and by the end of her life she had made so much meaningful music that she was considered a living legend . "  By the mid - '90s , she 's survived so long that people start to look up to her , " Coyle said . James was portrayed by pop star Beyonce in the 2008 film "  Cadillac Records , " about Chess . After Beyonce sang "  At Last " at one of President Barack Obama 's 2009 inaugural balls , James lashed out : "  I ca n't stand Beyonce . She had no business up there singing my song that I 've been singing forever . " She later told the New York Daily News she was joking . Earlier this year , news reports revealed that the singer 's estate was being contested in a legal struggle between her husband , Artis Mills , and son Donto James .  Donto and her other son , Sametto , both played in her band . Over the years , James had her share of health problems . In the late 1990s she reportedly weighed more than 400 pounds and required a scooter to get around . In 2003 she had gastric bypass surgery and dropped more than half the weight , according to People magazine . However , until her latest issues , James maintained a steady touring schedule and appeared full of energy even when sitting down -- as she sometimes did on stage , due to bad knees and her weight battles . Even while sitting down , James gave it her all on stage , singing as though possessed , caressing every note like a long-lost love . If that seemed a little much to critics , well , the legendary singer had a show to put on , she told Quan . "  They said that Etta James is still vulgar , " she said in the 2002 interview . "  I said , ` Oh , how dare 'em say I 'm still real vulgar ! I 'm vulgar because I dance in the chair ? ' What would they want me to do ? Want me to just be still or something like that ? "  I got ta do something . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Denise Quan and Melissa Gray contributed to this story .	Etta James died from complications from leukemia at 73 She overcame her addiction throughout her career The award winning singer earned six Grammys James was voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
MARDAN , Pakistan  CNN  -- A family of 18 Pakistani men , women and children trudges down a dirt road toward a refugee camp . These children are among the thousands of refugees this week at the Jalozai camp in western Pakistan . Adolescent girls carry infants on their hips , while the men lug bundles of belongings on their backs . "  Come , stay close to me , " said one woman wrapped in brightly colored robes , speaking to three children trailing behind her . "  This one is empty , " a white-bearded Pakistani police officer tells the family , pointing toward a tent . The women and children scramble under the canvas flap , as Salar Khan explains what led his family to flee to Mardan . "  Mortars destroyed three houses in my village , " he said . "  It was dangerous . A piece of shrapnel almost pierced my child 's leg . " Khan said his family left their home Wednesday morning in Sultanwas , a town in Buner district . Now , they are living in Mardan 's rapidly growing tent city of more than 1,400 other displaced Pakistanis . Five days ago , it was an empty field . Watch as CNN 's Ivan Watson tours a refugee camp " Khan 's family has joined tens of thousands of other Pakistanis fleeing south to escape the escalating conflict between the military and Taliban militants in northwestern Pakistan . Meanwhile , columns of Pakistani troops in military trucks head in the opposite direction , hauling field guns north toward the conflict zone . Pakistani families have fled the area any way they can : on foot , by hitching rides on the back of trucks and by stowing their belongings on the roofs of cars . As fighting has spread from the districts of Buner and Lower Dir to the Taliban stronghold in the Swat Valley , camps for displaced people are cropping up across northwest Pakistan . The United Nations said the new exodus is exacerbating an already existing humanitarian crisis . Since August , the U.N. has registered more than 500,000 Pakistanis forced to flee their homes by fighting in other northwestern parts of the country . "  Last year ... 4 million people worldwide lost their homes , out of which you have half a million displaced in Pakistan , " said Manuel Bessler , a top U.N. official in Islamabad . Bessler spoke on a rooftop , overlooking the sprawling Jalozai refugee camp in western Pakistan . Until recently , the camp housed refugees from neighboring Afghanistan . The Afghans are now gone , replaced by more then 49,000 Pakistanis . Administrators are preparing space for 35,000 others . With help from U.N. agencies , the Pakistani government and other aid organizations , residents get access to medical care , children 's schools and training programs to teach them how to rebuild their damaged homes if and when they get to return . Tensions have been building in the Jalozai camp . Two months ago , Pakistani police shot and killed one demonstrator after residents protested , blocking roads , throwing stones and demanding compensation for homes damaged by the fighting . This week , a crowd of several hundred agitated men gathered at the entrance , angry about a delay of several days in the monthly distribution of food aid . Some accused camp administrators of corruption , allegations that aid workers have denied . "  The wheat we 've been given is substandard , and people are getting sick instead of being fed , " said one man named Gulzada . "  Our houses have been destroyed , " said another man called Anwar . "  There 's no tea , no sugar , no wheat , no lentils . All that we have are the clothes we are wearing . " A fresh wave of displaced Pakistanis will only aggravate tensions , said Bessler , the U.N. official . "  This is a factor that is destabilizing not only in the camp but in the country as a whole , " he warned . Only a fraction of the hundreds of thousands of displaced Pakistanis are ending up in camps . Many more have settled with host families or have resorted to paying rent in other cities . The influx of ethnic Pashtuns from northwest Pakistan upset the delicate demographic balance last month in the port city of Karachi . That led to ethnic clashes between Pashtuns and the resident Muhajir community , resulting in the deaths of more than 30 people . Many more Pakistanis are unable to leave the conflict area , according to Sebastian Brack , a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Islamabad . "  There is a serious humanitarian crisis under way , " Brack said . "  There is serious fighting going on . There will be massive displacement . Because of the curfew , -LSB- many -RSB- have not been able to leave yet . " In this moment of crisis , some homeless Pakistanis are turning to a higher power . "  Whenever it is God 's will , we will go back to our homes , " says Mohammed Munir , an elderly man who fled with his family from the Buner district to the new camp in Mardan three days ago . "  And we pray to Allah that he will protect us . It 's up to Allah . We ca n't do anything . " The man kneeled and prayed in the grass outside the entrance of a tent that his family now calls home .	Tens of thousands flee south to escape conflict between military and Taliban Refugee camps for the displaced are cropping up across northwest Pakistan Latest exodus is exacerbating humanitarian crisis , U.N. says Tensions have been building in Jalozai camp in western Pakistan
Las Vegas  CNN  The lawyer for the 19-year-old man accused of killing a Las Vegas woman -- allegedly after a road rage incident -- says his client feared for his life . Erich Milton Nowsch made his first court appearance Monday , a brief initial hearing inside a packed Clark County courtroom in which he did not enter a plea . His lawyer , Conrad Claus , says he will argue self-defense . He questions the version of events given by police and the victim 's family and claims police interviewed Nowsch while he was high on marijuana . In fact , the lawyer claims Nowsch asked police if he could get high during the standoff that ended in his arrest , and that police agreed . But Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson , interviewed Tuesday night on Erin Burnett OutFront , said he does n't think self-defense is a factor in the shooting . "  I do n't see that in this case , " he said . Wolfson said authorities are looking for the person who was driving the car in which Nowsch was riding , and possibly a third person who was in the car . "  This was a drive-by shooting . He shot out of a moving vehicle , " Wolfson said . "  The driver has certain culpability . " Nowsch is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault and firing a gun from a car in the February 12 death of Tammy Meyers , 44 . Police say Nowsch shot Meyers in front of her home after a confrontation while driving . The victim and the suspect knew each other -- a fact the family knew but police say they only found out the day of the arrest . According to police , the incident began when Meyers was giving her daughter a driving lesson at a school parking lot when "  a silver four door car sped up behind them and pulled along the driver 's side of the car . " After the daughter honked the horn , the other car raced ahead and blocked their path , and a man got out of the car threatening them . Meyers later went looking for the car with her 22-year-old son , who was armed with a 9 mm pistol , according to police . After finding the car , they began following it . The driver stopped , and the passenger began firing at the Meyerses , according to police . Meyers drove home , but the other car followed and the occupant opened fire on them in front of their house , according to police . Meyers was struck in the head and died two days later . Claus said Meyers ' son pointed a gun at Nowsch before anyone started shooting . He said his client received death threats , but he did not elaborate . Road rage suspect knew victim , husband says The lawyer questions whether the alleged road rage incident between Meyers and Nowsch occurred and has doubts about the family 's account of what happened . "  There was no road rage , " Claus said . He said accounts of Nowsch 's reported discussions of the shootings with friends do n't appear to be consistent with the road rage claim . He also questioned the family 's initial description of the shooting suspect . Meyers ' daughter described the driver who threatened them as being 6 feet tall . Nowsch is much shorter . "  There are serious inconsistencies and problems with their story and I have serious concerns , " Claus told CNN . A preliminary hearing was set for March 10 , during which investigators will reveal more of the evidence and a judge will determine whether the case should go forward . However , the district attorney has issued a notice that his office may go to a grand jury instead of a preliminary hearing . The defense says such a move would indicate something weak about the prosecutors ' case . Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson told reporters after the hearing that prosecutors are sure of their case against Nowsch . "  It is not a straightforward case , " he said . "  It is not a garden variety , run-of-the-mill case . We all know there are certain nuances to this case . But at the end of the day , this young man is charged with a senseless , stupid act of murder and we intend to prove it in court . " Meyer 's husband , Robert Meyers , also attended the hearing . "  I 'll be here every court date , " he told reporters . Sara Weisfeldt and Sara Sidner reported from Las Vegas . Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Amanda Watts also contributed to this report .	District attorney says he does n't think self-defense was a factor in the shooting Defense attorney claims police interviewed his client while suspect was high on marijuana Eric Milton Nowsch is accused of killing 44-year-old Tammy Meyers after reported road rage incident
London  CNN  -- For anyone arriving in Britain , it 's obvious that the country is having a big , big party . There are Union Jack flags across the streets , bunting hangs from building to building and , in the stores , the shelves are crammed full of jubilee memorabilia . It 's 115 years since Britain celebrated a diamond jubilee . The last monarch -- indeed the only previous monarch -- to have celebrated 60 years on the throne was Queen Elizabeth 's great-great grandmother Victoria . There were huge celebrations back in 1897 as the queen rode through her capital in front of thousands of loyal subjects cheering her every inch of the way . On the queen 's schedule that day was a trip to St. Paul 's Cathedral for a service of thanksgiving . She was too frail to climb the steps outside Christopher Wren 's great masterpiece , so instead the queen stayed in her carriage while the clergy and congregation came outside for the service . Spool on to 2012 and at her service of thanksgiving , Queen Elizabeth will stop exactly where Victoria 's carriage came to a halt . This time though , the monarch will walk up the steps and make it into the cathedral . Live blog : Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , June 3 It was n't until 1935 that the UK saw its next jubilee . As war clouds gathered over Europe , King George V and Queen Mary celebrated their Silver Jubilee to mark 25 years on the throne . Again , there were celebrations in London , around Britain and across the Empire . By the time of Queen Elizabeth 's Silver Jubilee in 1977 , much was different . Deference to royalty had been replaced by respect and , in truth , some indifference . British colonial rule was almost gone : some newly independent countries kept the queen as head of state while others ditched her altogether in favor of a president . But most of these nations opted to join the Commonwealth , a club of countries all tied through history to the UK and the monarchy . Bumming a smoke from the queen : When the security bubble bursts What had n't changed much though was way the Brits showed their affection that year for their sovereign . Hundreds of thousands of people filled the streets of London to cheer the queen as she toured her capital , while millions more folks , including a 10-year-old me , took part in street parties up and down the land . It was the first jubilee in which I was actively involved . I remember doing projects at school about the royal family and also receiving my Silver Jubilee coin . I still have it . The Silver Jubilee was the first time I 'd ever seen the queen : in fact it was the first time I 'd ever seen any of the royal family . When Her Majesty came to my home town in northern England , I was part of a boys choir that sang for her . I can still remember part of the song -- but probably ca n't reach the high notes these days . How the world has changed in queen 's reign The Golden Jubilee 10 years ago marked the 50th anniversary of the queen 's accession . It was an amazing event which , for me , holds so many wonderful memories . By then I 'd become a journalist . In that capacity , I went to different parts of the country covering the queen 's visits . I saw the extraordinary warmth with which she was greeting by so many of her subjects . And I was privileged to work on two concerts held for the queen in her garden at Buckingham Palace . The lineup read like a "  Who 's Who " of music from the previous 50 years . Not everything went according to plan though . I was in the palace garden talking to the musician Phil Collins when security staff came charging out of the building , telling us there was a fire . Surely this is n't going to be a repeat of the Windsor Castle fire in 1992 we thought -- and over the jubilee weekend as well ? Thankfully , it turned out to be very small and caused minimal damage to some staff quarters -- but it was a heartstopping few minutes . Another abiding memory of 2002 was meeting the queen and being corrected on my English . I was introduced to her majesty at Windsor Castle . Her presence in a room full of people was huge , even though she 's only 5 feet 4 inches tall . As we chatted , I thanked her for agreeing to change her schedule by a few minutes on one of her regional visits to help accommodate television coverage . Unfortunately , I used the American pronunciation "  skedule . " Looking back , I still wonder how on earth I could have dropped such a clanger . At least the queen was smiling as she set me straight ! Spin on another 10 years to the Diamond Jubilee . There 's huge excitement in Britain . Of course there are those who do n't really care about the event and a small number of people who would rather there was no monarchy at all . But with the queen 's popularity riding high , there 's no doubt that people up and down the land will be joining in the festivities . In small villages , medium-sized towns and big cities , the jubilee buzz will be everywhere . And in London , expect to see more than a million people on the streets as the queen tours the city in her carriage . Of course , a big royal event like this would n't be complete without the balcony appearance -- and that wave , so uniquely royal . This will be the moment when people show how proud they are to have Elizabeth as their head of state . She 's a symbol of continuity and stability in a fast-changing world . In times good and bad , the British look to their royal family . When she was 21 , she made a broadcast in which she promised to devote the rest of her life to serving the people . Now it 's the people 's turn to acknowledge her contribution and say thank you . During this jubilee weekend , millions of people will sing the British national anthem , "  God Save The Queen . " And when they do , they 'll really mean it . Are you going or celebrating the Diamond Jubilee in your own way ? Let us know how in the comments !	Clark : Celebration will show how proud Brits are to have Elizabeth as their head of state More than a million people on London streets as the queen tours the city , predicts Clark Clark : Jubilee buzz evident in small villages , medium-sized towns , big cities across the UK The last Diamond Jubilee in 1897 celebrated the reign of Queen Victoria
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military continued its assault Thursday on militants in Taliban-held areas , its chief spokesman told reporters . Pakistani army trucks move military equipment into the troubled Buner district Thursday . So far , 14 militants have been killed in the past 24 hours , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said . The operation is still ongoing in the districts of Dir and Buner , which was recently seized by the Taliban in violation of an agreement with Pakistan 's government . Pakistani forces have completely secured Daggar , the main town in Buner and the scene of heavy fighting on Wednesday , Abbas said . The Daggar operation resulted in the deaths of 50 militants , but freed 18 Frontier Corps personnel who had been abducted by militants , he said . Fifty-two of their colleagues are still believed to be held by their suspected Taliban kidnappers . This week 's military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties since Sunday , while the military has suffered one death and one injury , according to Abbas . He said he hopes the operation will be completed by the end of the week . Pakistan has asked the United States to supply its forces with helicopters , communication equipment and night vision technology , Abbas said Thursday . Most of this week 's casualties happened on Tuesday , when Pakistani fighter jets launched airstrikes , killing at least 70 militants in the Dir district , according to the Pakistani military . The operation is part of the Pakistani army 's intensified drive against the Taliban in its restive tribal regions . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries . The military campaign has apparently not stopped Washington from carrying out unmanned drone attacks on Pakistan 's soil . A suspected unmanned aerial vehicle killed six people Wednesday night in the village of Kaniguran in the tribal district of South Waziristan near the border with Afghanistan , Pakistani intelligence sources said . Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are American airstrikes on its territory . The U.S. military in Afghanistan has not commented on the strikes , which typically target Taliban fighters in the border region . But the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled drones . U.S. President Barack Obama is "  gravely concerned about the situation in Pakistan , " he told reporters Wednesday night . Speaking at a news conference capping his 100th day in office , Obama said the United States has "  huge national security interests in making sure that Pakistan is stable " and does n't end up a "  nuclear-armed militant state . " But he stressed he was more concerned about the ability of Pakistan 's civilian government to "  deliver basic services , " and not "  that they 're immediately going to be overrun " by the Taliban . Pakistan 's recent military crackdown has led to an exodus of civilians from the region . At least 33,000 residents have left their homes in the midst of the recent fighting , according to Amnesty International . Civilians fleeing from Lower Dir in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province join more than 500,000 people already displaced by the fighting , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The Pakistani military completed its operation to eliminate and expel militants in Dir Tuesday , and is now focusing on the Buner district , Abbas said . About 300 militants entered Buner a few days ago , in violation of the Taliban 's recent agreement to leave the district , he said . Buner is about 60 miles from Islamabad , but Abbas said the militants pose no threat of entering the capital . The fighter jets pounded targets in Buner and the Swat Valley in an effort to block the militants ' entry and exit points , according to Abbas . CNN 's Samson Desta , Ivan Watson , and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Pakistani military intensifies drive against Taliban in restive tribal regions Recent military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties Has not stopped U.S. unmanned drone attacks on Pakistan 's soil Barack Obama "  gravely concerned about the situation in Pakistan "
CNN  -- When Fanny Smith lines up at the start gates in Sochi later this month , she will do so with form and , perhaps , the fates in her favor . As the reigning women 's ski cross world champion , the 21-year-old will be one of the favorites for gold , but it 's a minor miracle that she is racing at all . In December 2011 , at the start of the World Cup season , the Swiss athlete suffered a serious knee injury . "  I broke everything -- my MCL  medial collateral ligament  , LCL  lateral collateral ligament  , two meniscus in the front of the knee , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series . There was worse news to come when the knee surgeon walked into her room following the operation . "  He said , ` Fanny , I think you ca n't ski anymore . I think racing is finished for you , " she recalls . It was a brutal assessment , but it did n't deter Smith -- who used it as the catalyst for the start of a remarkable recovery . "  I was so upset . But in my head I said to myself , ` You will see next year and shut your mouth ! ' " Eleven long months followed but , with the help of staff at the University of Lausanne , Smith 's defied her doctor 's predictions , returning to action with renewed vigor at the start of the 2012-13 season . "  Everybody says , after an injury you become more strong . It 's completely true . After my injury was the best season of my life , " she says . Smith won the first three races of the year and four overall . With a total of six podiums from 10 starts , she cruised to her first ski cross World Cup title before capping her incredible comeback with gold at the world championships in Voss , Norway last March . Read more : Can Russia rise to Olympic occasion ? "  You know , being world champion is something on one day , so that 's really , really tough . But to win the other cup , the Crystal Globe  the prize for the top ranked ski cross racer throughout a season  , it 's like you 've been carrying on your good races , race after race . So it 's more satisfying , " she says . Child 's play Ski cross -- a madcap race between four skiers over a narrow 1,000-meter course containing turns , jumps and bumps -- made its debut at the 2010 Winter Olympics , seven years after it became an official International Ski Federation discipline . "  I 'm not old , but it feels like when you are a kid and you race your friends to the car -- the first to this , the first to that . In ski cross , it 's actually completely that , it 's who comes down first , " Smith says . She strapped on her first set of skis at the age of two , growing up on the slopes of Gryon and Villars in the Swiss Alps , and tried ski cross for the first time when she was 12 . "  I fell in love with the sport , " she says . "  It was the perfect combination of what I like -- alpine spirit and freestyle . You have so many things to do . " Are your kids potential future Olympians ? Send us your pictures In 2006 , aged 14 , she won a place at a Swiss sports school in Brig-Glis -- a popular destination with winter sport athletes -- and it was n't long before she began seriously thinking about becoming a professional ski crosser . "  The first time I actually decided I wanted to ski cross was at a race in Switzerland . It was the day  November 28 , 2006  that ski cross was accepted into the Olympic Games in Vancouver , " she says . "  Me and my dad  were up in a gondola and he asked me , ` Fanny , do you want to go to the Olympic Games ? ' So , like a young kid , I was like , ` Yes ! I want to go , ' but you do n't really know what it means . " Switzerland had a ski cross team at that time but it was impossible for Smith to commit full time . "  I was almost the youngest girl to start ski cross -- they could n't carry me . I had no driving license and my parents worked so they could n't drive me everywhere , " she said . Sochi : The numbers game Undeterred , her father set about finding sponsors and a trainer , and by the time she was 16 Smith was part of the Swiss national team . A year later in 2009 , she entered her first World Cup race . It was n't all plain sailing . "  I broke a tooth so , you know , it was fun . I was laughing and I was like so happy with a big smile . My dad said , ` Are you okay ' and I was like , ` Yes ! I love it ! I want to continue . " With her gleaming smile restored , Smith did n't have to wait long before she had secured her first podium . A second place at a World Cup event in Lake Placid in January 2010 was followed by a maiden victory at Innichen/San Candido , Italy the following December . In between those results , a 17-year-old Smith skied to a seventh place finish in Vancouver -- but fast forward four years and she will be gunning for gold at Sochi Rosa Khutor Extreme Park when the women 's ski cross starts on February 21 . "  I think the big pressure is from the media and your country and after for me , " she says . "  I 'm just trying to , you know , be myself , enjoy the present moment of being in the Olympic Games and do my best . " Surprisingly , for someone who has spent half a lifetime up a mountain , she draws inspiration from a sporting hero who hails from lower altitudes . "  I really like the spirit of Roger Federer . It 's not because he 's Swiss , it 's just because I think it is so incredible how he can be at the top and be so good for a long time and have not so much injury , " she says . "  He needs to know his body so well . When he 's old he will have a good body and not be in pain . So , I think he 's someone who 's done everything right . " Much like the great tennis champion , Smith , it seems , manages to combine a competitive edge -- "  I like to win " -- with a more relaxed outlook on life away from the frantic twists and turns of the ski cross circuit . "  I try to always be positive , " she says . "  Just live your life 100 % and have no regrets . " Read more : Snowboard ` addict ' cheats death Read more : Insane evolution on a knife edge	Swiss ski cross star Fanny Smith going for gold at 2014 Winter Olympics Smith suffered serious knee injury in 2011 and was told she would n't race again Now 21 , Smith defied odds returning in 2012-13 season to win World Cup title Reigning world champion inspired by enduring career of tennis star Roger Federer
CNN  -- It was 1981 , and Cindy Morgan was filming what she was told would be a half-live-action , half-cartoon for Walt Disney Pictures on a completely black movie set . The director , Steve Lisberger , came up to her and told her that she was going to be flying a "  solar sailer " ship , and at another point , she would cross a bridge -- two things that she did n't see in front of her . "  I asked him , ` What the hell is going on ? ' and he showed me these great Syd Mead graphics , " Morgan said . Mead , an industrial designer , was in charge of special effects for the movie , called "  Tron . " It would be the first time that an entire world was created with computer animation . Twenty-eight years later , the movie , which cost a reported $ 17 million to make , has spawned a sequel , "  Tron : Legacy , " with a much larger budget . What is it about this movie -- considered a box office flop at the time  it made $ 33 million , according to boxofficemojo.com  -- that made fans at the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con go wild to get a surprise look at "  Legacy " test footage ? Interest has certainly remained high through the years . "  Wherever I would go in the world , no matter what language they spoke , the word ` Tron ' would come up , " said Bruce Boxleitner , who played the character of Tron and returns in the sequel . "  The computer culture was just starting up when we did ` Tron . ' There was no internet , " said Jeff Bridges , star of both films . "  I think -LSB- the fans are -RSB- guys who were raised on video games , and have a fondness for it . " You could certainly say that iReporter David Fike has a fondness for the "  Tron " video game . "  Anytime I went anywhere with a ` Tron ' arcade game , I was begging my parents for quarters , " he said . Decades later , Fike owns an arcade console of his own , purchased at an auction . "  It had been in a Wal-Mart for most of its life and had some nicks and scratches , " he said . "  I 'm trying to restore the cabinet and get it as close as I can to making it look somewhat new . " And , of course , the movie has a special place in his heart . "  This was the first movie inside of a video game , so something sparked the imagination and fascinated me . It 's probably still my favorite movie of all time despite how badly people reflect on it now , " he said . Fike theorizes that , "  It was so different , and so ahead of its time that people just did n't get it . " Most people even somewhat familiar with the original movie remember the suits worn by characters inside the computer . "  The costumes were unbearable , there was no eating lunch in those things , " Morgan said . Even so , the original movie 's suits are a favorite among fans , no more so than iReporter Jay Maynard , who -- wearing the iconic suit -- gained fame online and on shows like "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " and "  Tosh .0 " as "  Tron Guy . " "  What got me interested at the time the original came out was that I had just begun working as a mainframe systems programmer , " Maynard said . "  I had always been interested in computers . This was the first time anyone tried showing what went on inside a computer . " Maynard is n't alone in being inspired by the movie in that way . At conventions , Morgan said she constantly encounters fans who got into computer programming because of "  Tron . " Fellow iReporter Joe Machos , a data processor at an insurance company at the time  not unlike one of the computer programs in the movie  , saw the movie on opening day , July 9 , 1982 . "  I left that theater , as one might say , rapt , " he said . "  It had taken me to another place . " He noted how , with its use of terms like RAM , "  rezzing , " and "  end of line , " it was far ahead of its time . "  It accurately predicted a future . We now have this thing called cyberspace . When you say that now , it resonates with people . " Machos also is a hard-core fan of all things Disney . During a trip to Disney 's Tomorrowland , he left a comment with a woman who worked there asking , "  Where 's ` Tron ? ' " According to Machos , she asked him , "  Was n't that a box office failure ? " Machos then pointed to an image from "  Fantasia " -- which did n't make a profit until more than 25 years after its release -- saying , "  That was , too . " With the imminent release of the sequel , fans have been clamoring for a Blu-ray version of the original , which is quite difficult to find on DVD  Netflix 's spokesperson said that the 2002 anniversary release is on "  moratorium "  . According to Disney , earlier DVD releases are simply out of circulation and a Blu-ray version that Lisberger is personally overseeing will be available early next year . "  What I think Disney is doing is smart , " said Machos , who thinks it 's a good idea to re-establish "  Tron " for a new generation . Aside from the technological , early cyberpunk aspects of "  Tron " and other themes  Morgan sees a spiritual component to it ; both films have something of a religious subtext  , another explanation for its long-standing appeal is that the production design was unlike anything seen before . "  The recognizers , those giant staple looking things , I thought those were crazy cool , " said iReporter Steve Hungsberg . "  I saw the new movie being promoted at Comic-Con and I bought one of each of the recognizer toys there . I also got one for my son . The recognizer was by far the coolest . " Fike hopes that "  Tron : Legacy " will continue that tradition . "  I hope the disc battles are as epic as everyone that 's already seen it is saying . " Just before catching a sneak preview of the movie , Maynard said , "  Everything that I 've seen about the new film has impressed me immensely . " No matter the reason , there 's just something about "  Tron . " As Morgan put it , "  Technology was no longer something dull and dry , technology became magical . That 's the secret of ` Tron . ' "	Fan anticipation is high for "  Tron : Legacy " Computer programmers , gamers inspired by original film Original co-star says it made technology "  magical "
CNN  -- It 's a question most of us seem to have pondered at some point : When should stores start on the Christmas season ? For one Canadian drugstore chain , the first week in November is too soon , at least for the sounds of the season . Shoppers Drug Mart pulled Christmas music from its almost 1,200 stores across Canada at midnight Friday after hearing complaints from customers that they were n't quite ready for the season to be jolly . "  Hi everyone , due to recent complaints around the Christmas music being played in stores we want to advise you that as of midnight EST tonight , all Christmas music will be suspended until further notice . We do take customer feedback to heart , and it does lead to change , " the chain announced on its Facebook page . Read more : When spouses clash over Christmas The posting has drawn more than 7,300 "  likes " and almost 6,000 comments as of Monday morning , the majority of them positive . "  I 'm so pleased with Shoppers ' decision , " writes Nathalie Prezeau . "  I wanted time to digest my Halloween candies before starting to think about the plum pudding . " Some customers said they 'll give Shoppers Drug Mart more of their business . "  This is awesome . Christmas has been rammed down consumer 's throats earlier and earlier each year . I will be shopping at your store more often to avoid it ! " wrote Lori Anne Stoute . James MacFarlane said Christmas music in stores makes him fell "  like being trapped in an endless jukebox . " "  Thank you ! " MacFarlane wrote . "  It turns me off of even going into stores over the holiday season knowing it 's endless Christmas music everywhere . Having two months of it is insane . " Read more : 5 great European cities for Christmas markets The sanity of the chain 's employees was on the minds of some who commented . Wayne Gerand Martin said hearing the sounds of the season eight hours a day "  would drive me nuts . It would take the Christmas spirit out of the employees . " "  Your employees probably are thanking you too -- having to listen to Christmas music for 2 months is just too long , " wrote Janet Williams . But not everyone is happy with the delay of the Christmas music . "  This is silly to stop Christmas music . The Christmas season is way too short and it stops immediately after Christmas . Play on , " wrote Kathryn Lawlor Haynes Gibson . Another took her dissent a bit further . "  What a disappointment to take something so joyful and degrade it with negativity , " wrote Trisha Trudell . "  Take the commercialism aside , Christmas is the most wonderful time of year to show love and equality and be giving and kind . What 's so wrong with sharing in this early . " So guess who wo n't be getting Trudell 's holiday business this year , or any year ? "  Depending on how  S  hoppers handles this situation going forward will determine if I will ever continue to shop at shoppers drug mart again , " she wrote . One customer said more power to Trudell and those like her . "  Go ahead and boycott the company , though . Shorter line ups AND not having to deal with Christmas music 7 freaking weeks before the day , ... . BONUS !!! " Cassandra Nadeau wrote . So when is the right time for Christmas music in stores ? Many of those commenting on Facebook said retailers should wait until after Remembrance Day , Canada 's equivalent of Veterans Day in the U.S. , which Canada will mark on November 11 or 12 , depending on the province . "  The Respect for those Veterans during Veteran 's week and Remembrance day should not have to be in competition with Rudolph and Frosty , " wrote Tanya Murray . While the chain is not giving a definitive date when Christmas music will return , it 's certainly not forsaking the season . Check the chain 's website and the first thing you 'll see is an offer to sign up to win a $ 2,000 holiday shopping spree . Offer expires December 3 . Plenty of time to shop before Christmas .	When should stores start on the Christmas season ? For one Canadian drugstore chain , the first week in November is too soon After hearing complaints from customers , it pulled Christmas music from stores across Canada
New York  CNN  -- Two Pakistani Muslims in Brooklyn are now running the oldest bialy store in the city , and keeping it kosher . Zafaryab Ali and his business partner , Peerada Shah , were shocked on hearing through a friend that Coney Island Bialys and Bagels was closing . Ali had worked at the store for 10 years in the 1990s and remembers it always being crowded , with lines out the door and people waiting up to half an hour for fresh bialys . So Ali and Shah bought the store to keep the 91-year business alive . Bialys are a lighter , softer cousin to the bagel , traditionally made with onion sprinkled on top . "  I know bagels and my partner knows management , " Ali said . "  If we work hard and pay attention , we 'll build up and bring more customers in . " Ali and Shah are keeping everything the same -- ingredients , equipment , recipes -- all used when it was a kosher store under Jewish management . Ali is now on the hunt for a rabbi to come and give the store an official kosher certification . They even have some of the same staff , like Ernie Devivo , a semi-retired baker who is still helping out around the shop . "  I 'm glad we opened up again , " Devivo said . "  It 's good for everybody . " Asked about seeing the store open again , after a short closure , one customer said , "  It 's good . It 's beautiful . " According to the bakery 's website , Coney Island Bialys Bakers Co. was started in 1920 by Morris Rosenzweig , who brought the bialy recipe with him from Poland . The family continued to make hand-rolled , traditional bialys for 91 years . The business passed to Rosenzweig 's son Don and then to his son , Steve Ross , who began wholesaling the bialys as well , shipping them across the country . Then in August , Steve Ross decided to close . "  My son was going to take over , but with the area changing and business slowing down and the economy doing a double take on the recession , it was n't worth keeping at that point , " Ross said . Ali and Shah reopened shop In mid-September , and say that business has been going well . Ross is glad to see his family 's store living on . "  I 've got no problem whether they 're black , white , purple , green , yellow . They came in , wanted to keep the business open and wanted to keep the industry going . ... I 'm glad it 's still there . I 'm happy . " And Coney Island Bialys and Bagels is still a family business , with Ali , his brother and his nephew all working to keep its traditions alive . "  We 're sticking with kosher , " Ali said .	Two Pakistani Muslims keep a kosher bakery open The shop specializes in bialys They 're a lighter , softer cousin to the bagel , traditionally made with onion sprinkled on top Another family ran the business for 91 years
CNN  -- On Sunday night "  12 Years a Slave " took the Oscar for best picture . The film is must-watch cinema because it depicts the horrors of slavery through the eyes of a slave . Solomon Northup did all of humanity a favor when he wrote his book more than 150 years ago , and director Steve McQueen and producer Brad Pitt have earned our gratitude for turning his story into a transformative movie . Through it , viewers confront the horror of slavery , see the tearing of raw flesh from whipping , the rapes , the complete lack of privacy that slaves experienced . We see depicted the system that was designed to destroy human beings ' free will during a shameful period of our nation 's history . That was then , this is now . The good news is that slavery was repealed by the 13th Amendment and whites can no longer own blacks . The bad news is the troubling way that too many Americans talk about slavery in the 21st century -- or more accurately do not talk about slavery . Which brings us to Paula Deen . The celebrity chef and TV host , whose food empire tumbled over , among other things , her use of a racial epithet , has found $ 75 million in backing from a private-equity company and is trying to make a comeback . She 's also opening a restaurant in Pigeon Forge , Tennessee . My first thought on hearing this was "  Thank God it 's not in my adopted city of Atlanta , Georgia . " But then I got very angry -- angry that I live in a country where someone who thinks like Deen can get a $ 75-million vote of confidence . Seriously ?! I am not angry that in a deposition last year Deen admitted to using the N word . It is unfair to judge her based on only this , because no one is at his or her best during a deposition . No , I am angry because her views on race when she is in a more relaxed environment -- not under pressure , with plenty of time to think and choose her words -- are so wrongheaded that they require an apology . Now I fear that she has $ 75 million reasons to never look back . Paula Deen was interviewed by New York Times reporter Kim Severson in the fall of 2012 . The interview was before a live audience and was recorded . Severson asked : "  Do you have a pride about the South that you can articulate and how do you place the racism and the slavery within that ? " Deen 's response : "  I do . It 's funny . My great grandfather was so devastated . The war was over . He had lost his son , he had lost the war and he did n't know how to deal with life , with no one to help operate his plantation . There were 30 something people on his books and the next year 's Census I go to find there 's like zero . Between the death of his son and losing all the workers , he went out I 'm sure into the barn and he shot himself because he could n't deal with those kind of changes . And they were terrific changes . I feel like the South is almost less prejudiced because black folks played such an integral part in our lives . They were like our family . " Let 's acknowledge that it 's sad when anyone takes his own life . But listen carefully to Deen 's language . Never once does she mention slavery . Her great grandfather does n't own slaves -- he has "  workers " or "  people on his books . " He had no one to "  help " operate his plantation . Is that what we 're calling slave labor these days ? According to Deen , whites in the South treated their slaves like "  family . " Let 's travel back in time and ask , say , a man who might have been the Solomon Northup equivalent in her grandfather 's plantation . We do not know how Paula Deen 's forebears treated their slaves , but do you think a slave on that plantation would say he was treated like one of the family ? Let 's not forget that if he did tell truth , he could be punished or even killed for doing so . Only in Deen 's altered universe could she think slaves were treated like family . She also tells us that Southerners are less prejudiced because of those very circumstances . Who knew that descendants of slave owners were less prejudiced ... because their relatives owned slaves ? What anyone who has seen "  12 Years a Slave " knows  if they did n't know it before  is that slavery was brutal and cruel . Somehow Deen can not bring herself to even use the word , all the while taking credit for having slave owning relatives because that fact makes her and the rest of the South less prejudiced . Listen to Deen 's words during the New York Times interview and you actually learn what her views on race are . For that she should apologize and lean in to the 21st century . Until she does , she is not worthy of a second chance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorothy A. Brown .	Dorothy Brown : "  12 Years a Slave " offered harrowing depiction of slavery 's horrors She says it 's troubling the manner in which some , like Paula Deen , still talk about slavery The celebrity chef wants to make comeback . But listen to her words in NYT interview Brown : Deen 's words show bizarre misreading of slavery 's damage . She should apologize
CNN  The Queens , New York , district attorney called it "  every subway commuter 's worst nightmare . " A man waiting for a train was pushed off the subway platform into the path of an arriving train on December 27 , 2012 . He died instantly . Erika Menendez of Queens , was charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime . Menendez told authorities she "  pushed a Muslim off the train tracks " because she 'd hated Hindus and Muslims ever since the 9/11 terrorist attacks , according to Queens District Attorney Richard Brown . Menendez , 33 , was allowed Friday to plead guilty to first-degree manslaughter , Brown said in a statement . The judge indicated he would sentence her to 22 to 25 years in prison on April 29 . Conviction on the original charge would have resulted in a tougher sentence -- 25 years to life imprisonment , Meris Campbell , spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office , said Saturday . The district attorney 's office accepted the plea because Menendez promised not to appeal and because of Menendez 's "  substantial psychiatric history and serious drug problem , " Campbell said . "  We are assured she 'll serve a substantial amount of time behind bars . " The victim , Sunando Sen , 46 , was not Muslim . A friend told CNN he grew up in a Hindu family . The incident happened at night at the 40 Street-Lowery Street station in Sunnyside , Queens . Witnesses told police a woman paced the platform and talked to herself before pushing Sen as the 11-car train entered the station . Security video showed a woman running from the scene . Menendez was recognized on a street in Brooklyn by a passerby who had seen the video and called 911 , police said . "  The defendant is accused of committing what is every subway commuter 's worst nightmare -- being suddenly and senselessly pushed into the path of an oncoming train , " Brown said Friday . "  The victim was allegedly shoved from behind and had no chance to defend himself . " A call and email to Menendez 's defense lawyer were not immediately returned Saturday . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Man was pushed into the path of subway train in Queens in December 2012 Woman originally charged with murder as a hate crime pleaded guilty to manslaughter
CNN  -- In August 1974 , editors of the Journal of the American Medical Association contacted the doctor who had developed a new method to save someone from choking -- then a major cause of death in the United States . His new technique was saving lives across the country , and they wanted to tell him they were publishing a story about it , and were going to name the procedure after him . Dr. Henry Heimlich says the editors told him they were considering the "  Heimlich Method " or the "  Heimlich Maneuver . " "  I thought ` maneuver ' sounded more appropriate , " he says . On Tuesday , Heimlich , 94 , released his autobiography , "  Heimlich 's Maneuvers . " In the story about his 70 years in public health , the sometimes controversial thoracic surgeon recounts his early experiments testing the Heimlich Maneuver on dogs , his life as a surgeon and researcher , and his time in the U.S. Navy stationed in China during World War II . "  Many people think I came up with the maneuver by accident , " Heimlich says . "  You know , I happened to fall against someone who was choking , that kind of thing . I first seriously considered the problem of choking when I read about the thousands of people who die each year . So I set about researching a better way , thinking , perhaps I could make use of air trapped in the chest to propel the object out of the trachea . " Heimlich began experimenting on anesthetized dogs and tried to push the air out using different methods . He found when he pushed just below the rib cage , the object he had placed in the dog 's throat shot out of its mouth every time . A maneuver was born . And that is mostly what the world knows about Heimlich . But in his autobiography , the doctor details other inventions and medical theories he is proud to have been a part of . In the early 1950s , Heimlich started looking at how to help patients who had lost their ability to swallow due to a damaged esophagus . He began replacing the damaged esophagus with a part of the patient 's stomach . "  People who had n't swallowed for decades -- who would feed themselves through a tube in the stomach -- were able to , for the first time , sit down with their family or go to a restaurant and eat normally , " Heimlich said . During the Vietnam War , Heimlich invented a chest drain valve that allowed air and fluid to escape from the chest so that the patient 's lung filled with air , helping many wounded soldiers on the battlefield waiting for care . Then in the 1980s , Heimlich invented the micro-trach transtracheal catheter , which allows people with serious lung conditions to receive oxygen more easily . "  I would like people to appreciate that ever since I decided to be a doctor I 've wanted to help people , " Heimlich says . "  I have seen people dying needlessly when in most cases , a simple technique was the solution . " But some of Heimlich 's ideas have caused controversy in medical circles . Heimlich has argued his maneuver can be used for resuscitating drowning victims and for both acute and preventive treatment of asthma . The American Red Cross does not support using the maneuver for drowning .  Even for someone who 's choking , the agency 's first-aid procedure recommends first doing five back slaps and then five Heimlich abdominal thrusts .  Other experts have noted cases where performing the Heimlich Maneuver on a drowning victim did additional damage . As for asthma , medical experts have long questioned the maneuver 's effectiveness as a treatment . In an article published in Modern Medicine in 1997 , doctors noted that asthma is a disease of chronic inflammation ; while the Heimlich Maneuver may help clear mucous plugs that form in the lungs , it wo n't treat the inflammation that causes an attack . Only medication can do that . In China , Heimlich teamed up with local doctors to test another one of his theories : that malaria can be used to treat chronic Lyme disease , cancer and HIV . Put simply , Heimlich believes purposefully injecting patients with the deadly disease and letting it go untreated for a few weeks will strengthen patients ' immune systems . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention opposes malarial therapy , and many medical experts have criticized Heimlich 's testing methods , including his testing on human patients . Heimlich 's son , Peter Heimlich , writes a blog , on which he has spent years trying to draw attention to his father 's "  wide-ranging , unseen history of fraud . " Calling it a "  family issue , " Heimlich does n't talk about his son , but says there is evidence to back up all his ideas . Peter Heimlich has disputed his father 's account that JAMA named the medical procedure after him . In response CNN contacted JAMA , but the journal was unable to verify or discount either Heimlich 's claim . Henry Heimlich says there have been cases where individuals used the Heimlich Maneuver to save a drowning victim or stop an asthma attack , and stands by his own studies that he says show malaria therapy has promise in improving the lives of HIV/AIDS patients . "  All I am saying is that , before dismissing my ideas , let 's at least study them to evaluate their efficacy . " What is n't up for debate is that choking can be deadly , and the Heimlich Maneuver has saved many lives . Heimlich estimates it has saved the lives of more than 50,000 people . "  There 's been a lot of attention paid to the Heimlich Maneuver because it 's so effective , but what I think makes it truly innovative is the fact that it 's accessible to everyone . Anyone can save the life of a choking person -- even a child can perform the Heimlich Maneuver . " "  Heimlich 's Maneuvers " was published by Prometheus Books .	"  Many people think I came up with the maneuver by accident , " says Dr. Henry Heimlich In fact , the maneuver was developed after testing and experimenting on dogs Heimlich , 94 , has written a new autobiography
CNN  -- Federal officials and residents across the country gave mixed reactions to U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton 's preliminary injunction Wednesday against part of the controversial Arizona immigration law . The ruling at least temporarily blocks police from questioning people about their immigration status . Here are some of the opinions : Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer Brewer issued a statement Wednesday afternoon saying she 's not ready to give up . "  This fight is far from over , " she said . "  In fact , it is just the beginning , and at the end of what is certain to be a long legal struggle , Arizona will prevail in its right to protect our citizens . I am deeply grateful for the overwhelming support we have received from across our nation in our efforts to defend against the failures of the federal government . "  I have consulted with my legal counsel about our next steps . We will take a close look at every single element Judge Bolton removed from the law , and we will soon file an expedited appeal at the United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit . " Earlier in the day , Brewer told reporters she thinks the ruling is a call to action for the federal government . "  I think it is important that they , the federal government , got relief from the courts to not do their job . That means now they have got this temporary injunction , they need to step up and do the job that they have the responsibility to do for the people of America and the people of Arizona . " Department of Justice "  We believe the court ruled correctly when it prevented key provisions of SB 1070 from taking effect , " the agency said in a written statement . "  While we understand the frustration of Arizonans with the broken immigration system , a patchwork of state and local policies would seriously disrupt federal immigration enforcement and would ultimately be counterproductive . States can and do play a role in cooperating with the federal government in its enforcement of the immigration laws , but they must do so within our constitutional framework . "  This administration takes its responsibility to secure our borders seriously and has dedicated unprecedented resources to that effort . We will continue to work toward smarter and more effective enforcement of our laws while pressing for a comprehensive approach that provides true security and strengthens accountability and responsibility in our immigration system at the national level . " Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu and Cochise County Sheriff Larry Dever The two sheriffs whose Arizona jurisdictions are near the U.S.-Mexico border issued a joint statement denouncing the court ruling . "  Incredibly , even though there is not one person who can legitimately claim to be harmed by a law that has not even taken effect , the result of an injunction is de facto amnesty through non-enforcement of laws against illegal immigration , " the sheriffs said . "  The ACLU and Justice Department are playing politics in demanding that law enforcement not act to protect the public but failing to do anything about our illegal crossing issue . It is putting our Deputies and the families we 've sworn an oath to protect in harms way and we need the Government to stop the lawsuits and start taking corrective action . Help us , do n't sue us . " "  The Obama administration has a light touch when it comes to securing the border but a heavy hand when it comes to sicking their lawyers on the people of Arizona . From Washington it might be hard to see the problems that we see every day as a result of our Swiss cheese border . Maybe if they spent some time in our counties they would think about a crackdown on illegal immigration rather than a crackdown on those of us fighting illegal immigration . " American Civil Liberties Union "  This is a major step that will help protect the residents of Arizona against racial profiling and discrimination , and the Obama administration deserves praise for its principled decision to challenge this law despite pressure to stay silent , " said Anthony D. Romero , executive director of the ACLU . "  A single state 's frustration with federal policy can not be allowed to hijack federal authority or dictate federal priorities in ways that impede effective law enforcement , threaten the rights of citizens and non-citizens alike and violate core American values . " U.S. Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl of Arizona "  We are deeply disappointed in the court 's ruling today and disagree with the court 's opinion that the Arizona 's law will unduly ` burden ' the enforcement of federal immigration law , " the Republican senators said in a joint statement . "  Instead of wasting taxpayer resources filing a lawsuit against Arizona and complaining that the law would be burdensome , the Obama administration should have focused its efforts on working with Congress to provide the necessary resources to support the state in its efforts to act where the federal government has failed to take responsibility . " National Council of La Raza Janet Murguia , president and CEO of the Hispanic advocacy group , supported the ruling . "  Not only did the judge side with the Latino community , she sided with the Constitution , " Murguia said in a written statement . "  This is an unequivocal victory . The ruling enjoins the crux of the law that would have legitimized racial profiling . " Obama administration White House Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton said President Obama has not made plans to make a statement Wednesday on the Arizona immigration ruling . National Conference of State Legislatures The group said Wednesday that states have filled a vacuum in immigration enforcement . The numbers of state bills addressing immigration has tripled since 2005 , according to Ann Morse , program director for the center 's immigrant policy project . "  This is an area where states have been involved for some time because the federal government has not , " Morse told CNN . She expects the ruling to go the U.S. Supreme Court . In the meantime , the conference will consider enforcement measures , guest worker programs and steps to put immigrants on the path to legal status . The group wants to be a partner with the federal government and is concerned about economic issues , Morse said . League of United Latin American Citizens LULAC , a Hispanic civil rights group , said the Arizona law would have placed an unfair burden on undocumented workers . "  We were worried about this leading to racial profiling , " LULAC communications director Lizette J. Olmos told CNN . "  We 're very excited -LSB- by the ruling -RSB- , because this is what we 've been wanting . " In a written statement , LULAC said it is also concerned about a lack of serious immigration reform . "  Arizona may be frustrated , as are we , with Congress ' failure to seriously address comprehensive immigration reform , " LULAC said . "  Nevertheless , the solution is not a patchwork of varying state laws each trying to be more repressive than the next to force immigrants to go elsewhere . " LULAC favors border control but wants the government to provide a "  pathway to citizenship , " Olmos said . One provision , the Dream Act , would allow undocumented students to apply for permanent residency . The Center for Immigration Studies The Center for Immigration Studies , which advocates immigration reduction , was disappointed but not surprised by the ruling , said executive director Mark Krikorian . "  If the opponents had n't turned it into this bogey man it would have been a useful , if modest , tool for the police , " said Krikorian . He told CNN the Arizona law was n't intended to usurp federal authority . "  Arizona does not have its own immigration policy , even with the law . They are buttressing federal law , " Krikorian said . Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , member of the House Judiciary Committee and ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform "  The federal government has a right and a responsibility to enforce existing laws , but when they fail to meet that responsibility , we should not stand in the way of the states that take action to respond to the very real threat of border violence , drug cartels and human smuggling , " Issa said . "  The people who live under the constant threat of border violence have every right to be protected and have every right to defend themselves , their families and their communities . "  I am certain that the Supreme Court would agree that there is no legal recourse or precedent for stopping a state from operating within its rights by asserting its sovereignty in support of immigration laws that the federal government has failed to enforce . There 's nowhere in the Constitution that says a state is limited to what it absolutely wo n't do and can be stopped for what it might do and to exercise a judgment against a state that has passed a law that is consistent with existing federal law is beyond absurd . " Mexican American Legal Defense & Educational Fund "  I think it 's a great victory for the Constitution , " President Thomas A. Saenz said of the decision . "  I think all the provisions she has blocked from implementation were the most egregious . "  Tomorrow promises to be a much brighter day for Arizona , " he said . Although he expects the legal battle to continue , Saenz said , all Arizonans will benefit from the ruling . He indicated that anyone planning to leave the state , including undocumented workers , may well change their plans . Federation for American Immigration Reform Dan Stein , the president of FAIR , told CNN 's Rick Sanchez the ruling was "  outrageous . " He said the judge basically is saying the federal government has the right not to enforce immigration laws . "  We 're going through a constitutional and political crisis , " said Stein , whose group wants reform and an end to illegal immigration . He said Americans wo n't favor amnesty for undocumented workers because "  the federal government ca n't enforce law . " "  I promise you this debate is going to get hotter and hotter and hotter , " Stein said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Phil Gast , Holly Yan and Becky Brittain contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The fight is far from over , " says Brewer , predicting "  a long legal struggle " Two border sheriffs denounce the ruling , calling it "  de facto amnesty " ACLU : A state can not be allowed to "  violate core American values " Department of Justice : "  We believe the court ruled correctly "
CNN  -- More than five million Jeep vehicles are being investigated by the federal government for deadly fuel-tank fires caused by rear-impact collisions . Fiery fuel-tank crashes have resulted in 48 fatalities in the Jeep Grand Cherokee model since 1993 , according to data from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , but so far neither the federal government nor Chrysler has announced a recall . This week the NHTSA expanded the investigation to include Jeep Cherokees from model years 1993 to 2001 and Jeep Liberty models from 2002 to 2007 . Federal investigators initially looked into the Jeep Grand Cherokee following complaints by the Center for Auto Safety , a consumer watchdog organization founded by Ralph Nader . The fuel tank of the 1993-2004 Grand Cherokee is made of plastic and extends below the rear bumper "  so there is nothing to protect the tank from direct hit " in a rollover or rear-end collision , the watchdog group said in a letter sent to NHTSA . "  Chrysler Group has concluded that 1993-2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee vehicles are neither defective nor do their fuel systems pose an unreasonable risk to motor vehicle safety in rear impact collisions , " said a Chrysler statement obtained by CNN . Chrysler spokesman Mike Palese told CNN the company estimates two million of the affected vehicles are still on the road . "  We still feel confident these vehicles are safe . They have really , really good safety records , " Palese said , adding , "  We feel really confident , and we 'll work cooperatively with NHTSA . " The investigation could take a year to complete , possibly longer if it becomes complex , the NHTSA said . In 2005 and later models , Chrysler moved the gas tank of the Jeep Grand Cherokee from behind the rear-axle to the middle of the vehicle . Palese said that Chrysler made the move to allow more cargo space , not due to safety concerns . Since the change , there has been only one fatal fire crash in the redesigned vehicle , according to the Center for Auto Safety .	Fiery fuel-tank crashes have resulted in 48 deaths since 1993 No recall has been announced The vehicles in question are n't defective , Chrysler says in a statement
