LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- A 6-year-old boy abducted Wednesday in Las Vegas , Nevada , has been found safe , the Las Vegas police department announced early Sunday . "  Cole  Puffinburger  has been found , he is safe and in our custody , " Capt. Vince Cannito told reporters in an early morning news conference . Cannito said that while detectives were canvassing Las Vegas neighborhoods Saturday night with flyers about the boy 's abduction , they got a report that a young boy who matched Cole 's description was seen walking alone on a sidewalk on the city 's east side . "  Detectives rushed there , found the boy and confirmed it was Cole , " Cannito said . "  It 's just a blessing that this child has been found and he 's in extremely good condition , " the captain added . Cole 's father , Robert Puffinburger , said the emotion he felt after being informed that his son was safe was "  indescribable . " Watch Cole 's tearful father speak about hearing the news " "  I 'm just glad he 's safe , " Puffinburger said at the news conference , his voice breaking . "  I ca n't wait to see him ! " Cole was snatched Wednesday in what police are calling a drug-related kidnapping . Three armed men tied up his mother and her fiance and ransacked the home , taking the boy when no money was found , police said . A nationwide Amber Alert was canceled because police believed it had "  run its course , " Cannito said Saturday . Police say Cole 's grandfather , Clemons F. Tinnemeyer , 51 , had been involved in "  significant drug dealing " and may have taken millions of dollars from drug dealers . Authorities say the kidnapping may have been in retaliation for the theft . Tinnemeyer was arrested Friday in Riverside , California , where he was being held as a material witness . He has been interviewed , along with an unidentified second person , in connection with the case . Cannito asked for the public 's help in finding Jesus Gastelum , a third person of interest . In his Sunday news conference , Cannito said the part of the investigation involving Cole 's abduction is now concluded . "  The remainder of the investigation now shifts , the focus now goes on to the drug dealing and potential extortion , " he said . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Cole Puffinburger , 6 , was found safe late Saturday in Las Vegas , police say Puffinburger was abducted from his home Wednesday by three armed men Police arrested boy 's grandfather , Clemons F. Tinnemeyer , on Friday Police believe kidnapping may have been retaliation by drug dealers
CNN  -- Wiping tears from his cheeks , a man who survived avalanches that killed eight snowmobilers in western Canada said Wednesday that he and two others tried to save their friends but eventually left the mountain because of the threat of more slides . Jeffrey Adams says he freed himself and helped free two others before making a "  gut-wrenching " decision to leave . Jeffrey Adams , with his his fiancée at his side , said he and the two other survivors "  did everything we could to try to save " the eight Sunday . "  They died doing what they loved . ... I 'm truly sorry to the families that we could n't find them , " Adams said . Adams described digging himself out after the avalanches struck the group Sunday in British Columbia about 20 kilometers  12.4 miles  east of Fernie , a town in the Canadian Rockies about 300 kilometers  186 miles  southwest of Calgary , Alberta . Both avalanches left him buried but near the surface , he said . He was able to dig himself out , choking on snow , and free a second companion without gloves or gear . Watch Adams describe digging himself , others out " Adams and six others had been snowmobiling near the base of a mountain when the first avalanche happened , he said . The avalanche buried him for "  a minute or two , " but he was able to free himself . He started digging for a companion as another group of four people showed up to help , Adams said . One called 911 on a transmitter . But then they heard a crack , and a second slide buried all 11 of them , Adams said . Miraculously , he said , only 8 to 10 inches of snow covered him . "  When I opened my eyes , I could see daylight , " he said . "  I was digging . I managed to get my mouth free . I was already choking . I took a few breaths . After about five minutes of struggling , I got myself out , looked around and realized there was n't anybody else -- could n't see any sleds , no gear , nothing . " He yelled for his friends and heard an answer , and he was able to dig out one man , whom he identified as Jeremy . The two were working on freeing a third man , James , when they heard another crack . "  We said , ` Sorry , James , we 've got to run , ' " Adams remembered tearfully . "  As we were running away from James , he was saying , ` Do n't leave me here ! Do n't leave me here ! ' We kept saying we 're sorry . We went off and sat to the side , and the slide never hit us in the area we were in . We just got the snow cloud . We went back in and finally got James out . " But then the three looked around and saw no one . They considered getting the one snowmobile that was n't struck by the avalanche , but determined that the area was too unsafe . "  That 's when we had to make the gut-wrenching decision to leave our eight friends and start walking off the mountain , " an emotional Adams said . The group had walked for about 10 minutes and was thinking of going back , but when he turned to look , "  the whole center of the mountain came down " in a fourth avalanche . "  We just decided our best bet was to keep walking , " he said . They were hoping for a helicopter in response to the earlier 911 call , he said , and one eventually arrived and picked them up . Searchers found seven bodies Monday and the eighth Tuesday . Royal Canadian Mounted Police identified the dead as Danny Bjarnason , 28 ; Kane Rusnak , 30 ; Warren Rothel , 33 ; Michael Stier , 20 ; Len Stier , 45 ; Blayne Wilson , 26 ; Kurt Kabel , 28 ; and Thomas Talarico , 32 . Adams and the other two survivors , James and Jeremy -- whose last names and ages were not given -- suffered minor injuries . One was hospitalized overnight . "  It 's hard , " Adams said . "  I replay it in my head all the time whether it was the right decision or not . " He said he had spoken with the families of most of the other men . "  So far , all of them are supporting our decision to leave , " he said . "  It was a hard one , to leave eight guys up there . " He described the victims as "  good buddies , " his voice breaking . Experts told him the second avalanche hit the group at 150 kph  93 mph  , Adams said . He estimated the wall of snow was 15 feet high . He said members of the group knew the avalanche danger was high , and that 's why they were n't climbing the mountain . Even buried under a few inches of snow , "  you do n't know what way is up and what is down , " he said . "  You ca n't move . You simply ca n't move in it , " Adams said . The snowmobilers were from Sparwood , British Columbia . They were in an area called Harvey Pass , which police called "  a popular backcountry snowmobile destination . " Sparwood Mayor David Wilks said all the victims were upstanding citizens who worked as businessmen or in coal mines . The mayor said temperatures were as low as minus 30 degrees Fahrenheit in recent weeks , though the air had warmed to 25 degrees Fahrenheit . The warmer temperatures could melt and loosen packed snow , raising the danger of avalanches .	Survivor says decision to leave eight behind was "  gut-wrenching " "  I replay it in my head all the time , " Jeffrey Adams says Adams describes digging himself out twice , helping two others escape Eight bodies were found Monday and Tuesday
CNN  -- "  The Fourth Kind " is n't the kind that Nome , Alaska , wants around . The horror movie tries to say that documented disappearances of Nome residents are the result of alien abductions and that 's just Hollywood hooey , said Mayor Denise Michels . "  People need to realize that this is a science fiction thriller , " Michels said . She said town residents have been getting a lot of phone calls lately , and frankly , they 're a bit tired of talking about it . "  Some of the calls I 'm just ignoring , " Michels said , "  because the issue we had to deal with in real life was very sensitive . The movie is portraying something like the ` Blair Witch Project , ' and we 're just hoping the message gets out that this is supposed to be for entertainment . " In real life , there was a string of disappearances in the small town on the west coast of Alaska , not far from the Bering Strait . In 2005 , the FBI was brought in to investigate . The victims were largely native men traveling to the town from smaller villages , according to the Anchorage Daily News . The FBI looked into about 20 cases , finding alcohol and frigid temperatures to be causes . Nine bodies were never found . "  The Fourth Kind , " which comes out Friday , uses the disappearances as a jumping-off point for an alien abduction yarn , using "  archived footage " to create an atmosphere of documentary realism . It 's not a new idea ; "  The Blair Witch Project " pulled off the concept effectively , and the recent "  Paranormal Activity " uses handheld cameras for a cinema verite look . But unlike "  Paranormal , " "  The Fourth Kind " literally announces its validity , taking Nome 's documented unexplained disappearances and making the case for alien abductions . The film does rely very heavily on the tagline "  What do you believe ? " letting viewers decide for themselves what 's real and what 's Hollywood , but it also conflates the two for its convenience . For example , the title itself is derived from a "  scale of measurement " that was "  developed in 1972 " to categorize alien encounters , best known through its use in Steven Spielberg 's "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind . "  On the scale , the first kind of encounter is defined as a UFO sighting ; the second , collected evidence of extraterrestrials ; and the third kind is contact . However , Paul Halpern , a physics professor at the University of the Sciences in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , who has studied the possibility of extraterrestrial life , doubts its validity . "  Honestly , I 've only ever heard of it through fiction , " he said , "  not as an actual scientific scale of measurement . " The "  fourth kind " is alien abduction , the hardest encounter to prove until now , said NBC Universal , parent company of distributor Universal Studios , in a press release . First time writer/director Olatunde Osunsanmi was unavailable for comment , but according to a fact sheet handed out at screenings , he discovered the disappearances that plagued Nome in 2004 when a friend told him of a Dr. Abigail Tyler . During sleep studies "  in fall 2000 , the therapist 's patients , under hypnosis , exhibited behaviors that suggested encounters with nonhumans , " the statement read . According to the press material , Tyler recorded footage depicting disturbing scenes , which director Osunsanmi uses alongside re-enactments starring Milla Jovovich and Will Patton in a split screen . To further push the reality bit , Jovovich informs the audience right up front that she "  plays the role of Dr. Abigail Tyler , " and that the images they are about to see are very disturbing . "  I think that it 's fun to have fictional movies about the possibility of extraterrestrial life , but it 's important for the public to understand the difference between science and science fiction , " Halpern said . "  Almost all scientists I know believe that there 's no evidence of encounters between humans and alien life forms . Right now , astronomers are -LSB- still -RSB- trying to find evidence of very simple life forms in space . " Film reviewer Todd Gilchrist said he tried to watch the movie with an open mind . "  I was receptive to the possibility that it could be real , -LSB- and -RSB- I think that it was convincing enough to make it kind of scary-fun , " the Cinematical.com reviewer said . "  Within five minutes of walking out of the movie and talking with my girlfriend and somebody else , the whole movie sort of logically falls apart in terms of authenticity , " he said . But , Gilchrist added , "  it 's not deceptive ; it 's what their marketing campaign is . " But why market fiction as truth in the first place ? Found footage and documentary-esque filmmaking changes the atmosphere of a film , Gilchrist said . Instead of walking into a trap a la "  Saw , " viewers get a "  really creepy atmosphere even when nothing is going on . " Recently , the latter has been more successful than the former , with "  Paranormal Activity " topping the latest "  Saw " at the box office . "  People want to see themselves as specifically connected or reflected in entertainment , " he said . "  Something like ` Paranormal Activity ' or ` The Fourth Kind ' sort of accesses that desire to be recognized or famous . " For example , by casting Jovovich the movie deliberately pretties up Tyler , which makes the found footage seem all the more true , Gilchrist said . "  The most authentic thing in the movie is how the real woman is much less attractive than Milla Jovovich , which automatically gives that woman 's case some authenticity , " Gilchrist said . "  She 's accessible in a normal , human way . " But whether it 's real or not , is it scary ? It all depends on what you believe , said film reviewer Brad Brevet . "  The audience has to ask themselves , ` Am I going to believe everything is real because Milla Jovovich told me it is ? ' Your answer to that question decides how effective the rest of the film is going to be , " he said . "  I was skeptical from the start but -LSB- also -RSB- questioning , which is one of the reasons I got a few chills . " In Nome , however , Michels wishes people would get a better grip on the difference between fiction and reality , not to mention geography . "  We watched the trailer on the Internet , and the first scenes are these majestic mountains with these trees , which is totally not Nome , " she said , laughing . "  We 're pretty flat , right by the ocean . " According to IMDb.com , "  The Fourth Kind " was filmed in Bulgaria . "  What they should 've done , " Michels said , still laughing , "  is premiered here at the local theater . "	"  The Fourth Kind " is another horror film relying on the "  found footage " technique It uses a split screen of "  real footage " and re-enactments starring Milla Jovovich Officials in Nome , Alaska , where the movie is based , deny those claims , call it science fiction Viewers think the use of this technique makes for a good scare , but not authenticity
CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , the Austrian man accused of keeping his daughter in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , will go on trial March 16 on six charges including murder and incest . Josef Fritzl admitted fathering seven children by his daughter during her 24-year captivity . The Austrian Press Agency reported Thursday the trial was expected to last about five days and be held behind closed doors . Further details about the case would be announced Friday , it said . Fritzl , 73 , was charged in November with incest and the repeated rape of his daughter , Elisabeth , for 24 years . But he was also charged with the murder of one of the children he fathered with her , an infant who died soon after birth . State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said Michael Fritzl died from lack of medical care . In all , Fritzl faces six charges at trial : murder , involvement in slave trade  slavery  , rape , incest , assault , and deprivation of liberty , Sedlacek 's office said . If convicted , he could face life in prison . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's then-19-year-old daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions . Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow Kerstin to be taken to a hospital for treatment . Hospital staff became suspicious of the case and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Fritzl confessed to police that he raped his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity , and burned the body of the dead infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins who died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 , her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room , she told police . Fritzl explained Elisabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the 18-year-old girl had run away from home . He backed up the story with letters he forced Elisabeth to write . Elisabeth Fritzl and all but three of her children lived in the specially designed cellar beneath her father 's home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna . The other three children lived upstairs with Fritzl and his wife ; Fritzl had left them on his own doorstep , pretending his "  missing " daughter Elisabeth had dropped them off . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . In addition to murder , he will face the following charges :	Josef Fritzl accused of keeping daughter captive for decades , on trial March 16 Fritzl faces murder charge as one of 7 children he fathered by daughter died Other charges include incest , rape , assault and involvement in slave trade
New York  CNN  -- The daughter of former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani was arrested after police said she shoplifted items at a cosmetic store . Caroline Giuliani , 20 , was charged with one count of petty larceny after the incident at a Sephora skincare and makeup store Wednesday , the New York Police Department said . She is the younger of Giuliani 's two children with his ex-wife , Donna Hanover , a television reporter and actress . Since his public divorce from Hanover and his marriage to Judith Nathan , Giuliani 's relationship with his children has been strained , The New York Times reported in March 2007 . He missed his son 's high school graduation and Caroline 's plays , The Times reported . That year , when Giuliani was seeking the Republican nomination for president , Caroline Giuliani 's Facebook profile listed her as part of a group that supported then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama 's presidential bid . After Slate.com emailed her about it , she immediately left the group , the website reported . In August 2007 , Giuliani talked about his daughter at a campaign stop in Clear Lake , Iowa . "  My daughter I love very much , " Giuliani said . "  I have great respect for her , and I 'm really proud of her . And I do n't comment on children because I want to give them the maximum degree of privacy . I think children in situations like this deserve to have the maximum degree of privacy . And the best way to preserve that is , except to point out that you love them and care about them and you 're very , very proud of them , just do n't comment about it . " Sephora representatives declined to comment . Giuliani 's office did not return calls Wednesday . CNN 's Leora Kapelus contributed to this report	Daughter , 20 , is charged with one count of petty larceny Caroline Giuliani was arrested at a Sephora skincare and makeup store She is the second of Giuliani 's two children with his former wife
CNN  -- Is a parent 's love for a child guaranteed ? Let 's assume for a moment that it is and that parents love their children unconditionally . Is it then possible to love your child but not to like them ? What about fear ? Can a mother both love her child and also be in constant , mortal fear of them ? What about loyalty ? Can a mother ever betray her child ? What is the proper reaction when one 's son commits a massacre at his high school ? These are some of the questions faced by Eva Khatchadourian  Tilda Swinton  with respect to her son Kevin  played by Rock Duer as a toddler , Jasper Newell as a grade schooler and Ezra Miller as an adolescent , all to chilling effect  . Presented in a back-and-forth , non-linear and occasionally all-too obvious way , Lynn Ramsey 's "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " is the ultimate cautionary tale for prospective parents . As an infant , Kevin screams constantly , to the point where Eva parks his stroller next to a construction site in an attempt to drown out the tyke 's wailing . Alas , even the jackhammers are no relief and it 's only when being held by his father , Franklin  John C. Reilly  that Kevin relaxes . This is but a snapshot of what 's to come and how Kevin will play mother against father in the coming years . As he ages , Kevin is , to Eva and to the audience , if not to Franklin , increasingly creepy . He refuses to be potty trained well into middle childhood and almost never smiles . He even shows a true malevolence , seemingly taking pleasure in making life difficult for Eva , while acting as Daddy 's little boy . According to flashbacks/Eva 's memory , her husband is absolutely clueless when it come to their son , and the couple 's relationship is one of the aspects of the film that left me cold . Franklin is kind of a ... dope , for lack of a better word . When she was younger , Eva was something of a free spirit who traveled the world in a rather Bohemian existence and short of an unplanned pregnancy , I could n't see anything in Franklin that would have attracted someone like the young Eva . Yet here they are , married and living in the ` burbs , which is exactly where Eva does n't want to live . The situation serves to put Eva on edge , which she seems to have been since Kevin 's birth , and at one point she loses her temper , breaking his arm . While he covers for her with the doctor and Daddy , it 's not in a good way but rather more an "  I have dirt on you , Mommy " way . By this time , Eva is more or less convinced that Kevin is damaged goods and things only get worse when she decides  without consulting Franklin  to have another child , perhaps in the hopes of getting it right , the second time . The resulting daughter Celia  Ashley Gerasimovich  is everything Kevin is n't : happy , effervescent , playful and loving , a daughter both parents can love . Of course Kevin instantly hates her . "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " is full of hints and foreshadowing  but considering much of the film is told as Eva 's memory , it could just as easily be called "  after-shadowing "  and this is where I found most fault with the film . Ramsey 's screenplay  written with her husband Rory Stewart Kinnear , from the novel by Lionel Shriver  is a little too obvious and the symbolism is laid on a bit too thick . Repeated shots of Eva and Kevin dunking their faces into water  seen from under the water  , a bow and arrow motif and the endless use of tomatoes , tomato soup , red wine and red paint as metaphors blood are beyond obvious , and the film can hardly be called subtle : The first time we see Celia , she has an eye patch . Gee , I wonder how she got injured ? Tilda Swinton is indeed fantastic and given the long list of awards and nominations she 's been racking up for "  Kevin " over the past few months , I 'd say there 's a better-than-even chance of her picking up a second Oscar nomination later this month  she won an Academy Award for best supporting actress for "  Michael Clayton " in 2008  . Eva is a tortured soul . She knows Kevin is a bad seed , and ca n't seem to fix it . She hopes loving him is enough , but she seems to know , deep down , that it is n't . Then there 's the possibility that it 's her fault , somehow . Was she a bad mother ? Did she pass on some dormant genetic defect to her son ? Eva starts medicating her anxiety about Kevin with wine and pills , shuffling her way through life in a state of near oblivion , all the while becoming a pariah in what is to her , the ninth circle of hell : The suburbs . The community blames Eva at least as much as she blames herself and this is another aspect of the film that bothered me . After what she 's gone through , it strains believability that an entire town would turn against her because of something her child did , no matter how horrific . Far more a horror movie than a family drama , "  We Need To Talk About Kevin " is an uneven update on the "  bad seed " story , kept afloat almost entirely by Swinton 's magnificent portrayal of a completely broken mother . "  We Need To Talk About Kevin " is rated R  Restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian  . The violence is more suggested than graphic but in context , that makes it all the more unsettling .	"  We Need to Talk About Kevin " is the ultimate cautionary tale for prospective parents Kevin plays mother against father in the coming years Eva is more or less convinced that Kevin is damaged goods and things only get worse
Financial Times  -- A senior Chinese auditor has warned that local government debt is "  out of control " and could spark a bigger financial crisis than the US housing market crash . Zhang Ke said his accounting firm , ShineWing , had all but stopped signing off on bond sales by local governments as a result of his concerns . "  We audited some local government bond issues and found them very dangerous , so we pulled out , " said Mr Zhang , who is also vice-chairman of China 's accounting association . "  Most do n't have strong debt servicing abilities . Things could become very serious . " The International Monetary Fund , rating agencies and investment banks have all raised concerns about Chinese government debt . But it is rare for a figure as established in the Chinese financial industry as Mr Zhang to issue such a stark warning . "  It is already out of control , " Mr Zhang said . "  A crisis is possible . But since the debt is being rolled over and is long-term , the timing of its explosion is uncertain . " Local government debts soared after 2008 , when Beijing loosened borrowing constraints to soften the impact of the global financial crisis . Provinces , cities , counties and villages across China are now estimated to owe between Rmb10tn and Rmb20tn  $ 1.6 tn and $ 3.2 tn  , equivalent to 20-40 per cent of the size of the economy . Last week , Fitch cut China 's sovereign credit rating , in the first such move by an international agency since 1999 . On Tuesday , Moody 's cut its outlook for China 's rating from positive to stable . Local governments are prohibited from directly raising debt , so they have used special purpose vehicles to circumvent these rules , issuing bonds under the vehicles ' names to fund infrastructure projects . Investment companies owned by local governments sold Rmb283bn of bonds in the first quarter of 2013 , more than double the total for the same period last year . Such an increase would normally be expected to boost the economy , but China 's growth unexpectedly slowed to 7.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2013 . Mr Zhang said many local governments had invested in projects from public squares to road repairs that were generating lacklustre returns , and so were relying on financing rollovers to pay back their creditors . "  The only thing you can do is issue new debt to repay the old , " he said . "  But there will be some day down the line when this ca n't go on . " Mr Zhang added that he grew alarmed when smaller towns and counties discovered that investment vehicle bonds were an easy way to raise financing . "  This evolution was quite frightening , " he said . "  China has more than 2,800 counties . If every county issued debt , it could lead to a crisis . It could be even bigger than the US housing crisis . " Beijing has taken steps to control bond issuance by the local governments ' investment companies . In December , the finance ministry barred them from injecting public assets such as hospitals and schools into the special purpose vehicles they use to sell bonds . Bonds issued by government-owned investment companies almost always receive top-tier credit ratings from domestic agencies because they are seen as being guaranteed by the provinces and cities that back them . But Mr Zhang puts little faith in official guarantees , saying ShineWing only audited bonds if it was very clear that borrowers were able to make repayments : "  When the time comes , it wo n't be the government that assumes responsibility . It will be the accounting firms and the banks that do . " ShineWing 's caution is an example of how an elite group of Chinese accounting firms are trying to establish reputations as responsible , well-managed entities capable of challenging the global Big Four in the industry . ShineWing has been the most aggressive Chinese firm in expanding abroad and is now planning a move into Europe . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	A senior Chinese auditor has warned that local government debt is "  out of control " Zhang Ke said could spark a bigger financial crisis than the US housing market crash His accounting firm , ShineWing , had all but stopped signing off on bond sales by local governments It is rare for a figure as established as Mr Zhang to issue such a stark warning
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The founder of a Mexican Catholic order sexually abused minor-age seminarians and fathered three children with two women , the religious sect has revealed . The Legion of Christ order and its lay Regnum Christi Movement asked for forgiveness Thursday for "  the reprehensible actions of our founder , " the Rev. Marcial Maciel . "  We express our sorrow and grief to each and every person damaged by our founder 's actions , " said a communique signed by the Rev. Alvaro Corcuera and 15 other Legion of Christ leaders . The abuse allegations surfaced in 1997 . The Vatican started an investigation into Maciel 's actions in 2004 and concluded in May 2006 that he was guilty of sexual abuse , the group said . "  We had thought and hoped that the accusations brought against our founder were false and unfounded , since they conflicted with our experience of him personally and his work , " the order 's statement said . As a result of the Vatican investigation , however , officials at the Legion of Christ "  reached sufficient moral certainty to impose serious canonical sanctions related to the accusations made against Maciel , which included the sexual abuse of minor seminarians . Therefore , though it causes us consternation , we have to say that these acts did take place , " the group said Thursday . Law enforcement officials apparently were not informed . The Vatican , "  mindful of Father Maciel 's advanced age and his delicate health , decided to forgo a canonical hearing and ask him to retire to a private life of penance and prayer , giving up any form of public ministry , " the communique says . Pope Benedict XVI approved the decision . Although leaders at the Legion of Christ knew of the abuse since May 2006 , they kept it quiet until this week . As of Friday , Maciel 's biography on the order 's Web page merely said , "  In May 2006 , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith invited Father Maciel to ' a reserved life of prayer and penance , renouncing all public ministry . ' " Maciel died January 30 , 2008 . Javier Bravo , spokesman for the sect in Mexico and Central America , said Legion leaders did not reveal the accusations sooner because "  it has been a very difficult process . We were n't ready to assimilate it before . " Now , he told CNN en Español , "  we have to recognize the facts as they are . " Legion leaders acknowledged the delay , saying in Thursday 's communique , "  It 's taken us some time to assimilate these events of his life . For many -- above all the victims -- this time has been too long and painful . " In addition to sexually assaulting young seminarians , Maciel fathered at least three children , Thursday 's statement said . The priest had a daughter from a stable relationship with a woman , and two men said they are his children from a relationship with another woman . Maciel , born in March 1920 , founded the Legion of Christ in January 1941 . According to the order , the Legion of Christ has a presence in 24 countries . The first Legionaries arrived in Spain in 1946 , and the order established a center in Rome in 1950 . In the 1960s , the Legion established itself in Ireland and the United States . In the 1980s , the order expanded into more countries in South America and Central Europe . The Legion says it recently began pastoral projects in Eastern Europe and Philippines . The announcement about Maciel comes against a deepening crisis in the Catholic church , which is investigating complaints of abuse in Ireland , Germany , Britain and several other countries .	NEW : "  We have to recognize the facts as they are , " spokesman says Legionnaires of Christ ask forgiveness for "  reprehensible actions of our founder " Vatican concluded in 2006 that Rev. Marcial Maciel was guilty of sexual abuse Priest allowed to retire ; he died in 2008
CNN  The Ferguson Police Department has demonstrated a pattern of racial discrimination , the Justice Department said Wednesday . But while some experts say the numbers alone tell only part of the story , the 102-page report merely reaffirmed many residents ' beliefs . In Ferguson , just over 67 % of residents are black . But among the findings , the report shows that 85 % of traffic stops , 90 % of citations , 93 % of arrests and 88 % of use-of-force incidents involved African-Americans , the Justice Department said . St. Louis Alderman Antonio French said the police department 's behavior amounted to "  taxation by citation . " He told CNN the arrests affected not just Ferguson residents but also residents of nearby communities who pass through Ferguson en route to other locales in the area . Justice Department : No Darren Wilson charges The statistics sound damning , but former Los Angeles Police Chief Bernard Parks , who dealt with the Justice Department during his five-year tenure as chief , said , "  The numbers can be deceiving because the population is overwhelmingly black . " The numbers alone do n't paint the full picture , he said , explaining that he 'd need more than mere statistics about each stop to draw solid conclusions . Read the report Parks served as chief in LA from 1997 to 2002 , and after the Justice Department determined in 2000 that the LAPD had engaged "  in a pattern or practice of excessive force , false arrests and unreasonable searches and seizures , " he had to overhaul the department , combating corruption and even jailing former police officers . Based on that experience , Parks said the report released Wednesday should n't be taken at face value , but rather should be used to help determine "  what is really going on in Ferguson and what to do to correct it . " Politics may even be at play , Los Angeles-based community activist Joe Hicks suggested . Attorney General Eric Holder wanted to bring civil rights cases against Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson , who killed Michael Brown in August , and Florida neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman , who killed Trayvon Martin in 2012 -- but neither case panned out . The report may be Holder 's way to "  extract a pound of flesh , if you will , from the Ferguson Police Department . " Also Wednesday , the Justice Department closed its investigation into Wilson , declining to bring criminal charges against him . Still , the report likely did n't surprise some residents who spoke to CNN in August , during the height of the protests . Patricia Pendelton , 41 , a nurse who lives a few blocks from where Brown took his last steps , said older and female African-American residents are n't affected as much , but her sons -- ages 17 , 19 and 21 -- have had different experiences . They and other young black men have been stopped for reasons as spurious as looking suspicious , she said . "  How does a person look suspicious ? What do you have to be wearing to look suspicious ? " she asked before mimicking an offending police officer 's questions : " ` Where you going ? What you doing ? How you doing it ? ' It 's none of your business . " Outside his bustling barbershop , Mike Knox recalled how one of his sons , an A student , was arrested with several other kids in the parking lot of an auto parts store . They 'd met there because it was a central location to rendezvous before a game of basketball . When Knox , 33 , picked his son up , police told him he had n't been charged , just taken away by police , he said . The father of four said he himself had been pulled over for DWB , or "  driving while black , " a common complaint among African-Americans in Ferguson . Maurice Phipps , 22 , a Ferguson resident of eight years , relayed a similar story : A Ferguson officer once pulled him over and said he was looking for a suspect with dreadlocks . "  And I got a box cut , " he said , pointing to his dyed-blond ` do . Being a lifelong resident of the St. Louis area , Knox knows Ferguson well . When he was a kid , St. Louis police walked the streets and handed kids Cardinals baseball cards , so he 's seen real community-oriented policing . But there 's a rift between the community and police in Ferguson -- as well as in surrounding areas such as Hazelwood and Florissant , he said . "  They all do it . People are just tired of that happening . Why should we get pulled over every time we get in the car ? " he said , adding that he struggles with what to tell his kids . "  You do n't want to tell them the police are bad . I tell them , ` Keep it moving , ' " he said . "  If you let your attitude take over , that can be you laying on that ground . " Even white residents have complained of run-ins with police . Tom Steigerwald , 31 , who has lived in Ferguson since 1994 , said Ferguson has always been a diverse town , and race is n't much of a factor among residents . "  It 's always diverse , but they always got along , " he said . But the police ? "  They all got a power trip problem , a lot of them , " he said . Following Wednesday 's announcement , Michael Brown 's parents , Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. , released a statement saying they were disappointed that Wilson would not face federal charges in their son 's death . But the report on the police department could provide a silver lining . "  We are encouraged that the DOJ will hold the Ferguson Police Department accountable for the pattern of racial bias and profiling they found in their handling of interactions with people of color , " the statement said . "  It is our hope that through this action , true change will come not only in Ferguson , but around the country . If that change happens , our son 's death will not have been in vain . "	Michael Brown 's parents say son 's death not in vain if report prompts change Some experts warn the numbers alone do n't show what 's happening in Ferguson Several residents have complained of being stopped for DWB , driving while black
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When you see people at the office using such Internet sites as Facebook and MySpace , you might suspect those workers are slacking off . A social-networking site for the world of spying officially launches for the U.S. intelligence community this month . But that 's not the case at the CIA , the FBI and the National Security Agency , where bosses are encouraging their staff members to use a new social-networking site designed for the super-secret world of spying . "  It 's every bit Facebook and YouTube for spies , but it 's much , much more , " said Michael Wertheimer , assistant deputy director of national intelligence for analysis . The program is called A-Space , and it 's a social-networking site for analysts within the 16 U.S. intelligence agencies . Instead of posting thoughts about the new Avenged Sevenfold album or Jessica Alba movie , CIA analysts could use A-Space to share information and opinion about al Qaeda movements in the Middle East or Russian naval maneuvers in the Black Sea . The new A-Space site has been undergoing testing for months and launches officially for the nation 's entire intelligence community September 22 . "  It 's a place where not only spies can meet but share data they 've never been able to share before , " Wertheimer said . "  This is going to give them for the first time a chance to think out loud , think in public amongst their peers , under the protection of an A-Space umbrella . " Wertheimer demonstrated the program to CNN to show how analysts will use it to collaborate . "  One perfect example is if Osama bin Laden comes out with a new video . How is that video obtained ? Where are the very sensitive secret sources we may have to put into a context that 's not apparent to the rest of the world ? " Wertheimer asked . "  In the past , whoever captured that video or captured information about the video kept it in-house . It 's highly classified , because it has so very short a shelf life . That information is considered critical to our understanding . " The goal of A-Space , like intelligence analysis in general , is to protect the United States by assessing all the information available to the spy agencies . Missing crucial data can have enormous implications , such as an FBI agent who sent an e-mail before September 11 , 2001 , warning of people learning to fly airplanes but not learning to land them . "  There was the question , ` Was that a dot that failed to connect ? ' Well , that person did this via e-mail , " Wertheimer said . "  A-Space is the kind of place where you can log that observation and know that your fellow analysts can see that . " Even though Facebook , MySpace and other social-networking sites that inspired A-Space are predominantly the domain of young people , there apparently is no such generational divide on A-Space . "  We have found that participation in A-Space crosses every conceivable age line and experience line . People are excited , no matter what age group , " Wertheimer said . Of course , the material on A-Space is highly classified , so it wo n't be available for the public . Only intelligence personnel with the proper security clearance , and a reason to be examining particular information , can access the site . The creators of A-Space do not want it to be used by some future double agent such as Jonathan Pollard or Robert Hanssen to steal America 's 21st-century secrets . "  We 're building -LSB- a -RSB- mechanism to alert that behavior . We call that , for lack of a better term , the MasterCard , where someone is using their credit card in a way they 've never used it before , and it alerts so that maybe that credit card has been stolen , " Wertheimer said . "  Same thing here . We 're going to actually do patterns on the way people use A-Space . " Yes , analysts can collect friends on A-Space the way people can on Facebook . But nobody outside the intelligence community will ever know -- because they 're secret . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	U.S. intelligence agencies are urging staffers to use a new social-networking site Called A-Space , it 's for analysts within the nation 's 16 intelligence agencies Analysts can use A-Space to share information about al Qaeda , other issues Only intelligence personnel with the proper security clearance can access the site
The mother of James Foley -- an American journalist beheaded by ISIS militants -- said she is "  embarrassed and appalled " by how the U.S. government dealt with her son 's case , telling CNN that officials even suggested family members could be charged if they raised ransom to free him . "  I think our efforts to get Jim freed were an annoyance " to the U.S. government , Diane Foley told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an interview that aired Thursday . "  It did n't seem to be in  U.S.  strategic interest , if you will . " Officials told Foley family members "  not go to the media , " and that the "  government would not exchange prisoners , " or carry out "  military action " to try to rescue her son , according to Diane Foley . "  Jim was killed in the most horrific way . He was sacrificed because of just a lack of coordination , lack of communication , lack of prioritization , " Diane Foley said . "  As a family , we had to find our way through this on our own . " She added that the family was told many times that raising ransom "  was illegal  and  we might be prosecuted . " "  We were just told to trust that he would be freed somehow , miraculously , " Foley 's mother told CNN . "  And he was n't , was he ? " In fact , video posted online on August 19 showed James Foley kneeling next to a man dressed in black , with Foley reading a presumably scripted message that his "  real killer " is America , then being summarily executed . ISIS -- the Islamist extremist group that 's taken over large swaths of Syria and Iraq in its quest to create a far-reaching caliphate under its strict version of Sharia law -- took credit for Foley 's beheading , saying it was in response to U.S. airstrikes in Iraq and threatening more killings . ` Our government needs to be ... willing to negotiate ' More than three weeks later , U.S. President Barack Obama named Foley as he outlined his strategy for fighting ISIS and described the terrorist group 's brutality . "  They enslave , rape , and force women into marriage . They threatened a religious minority with genocide . In acts of barbarism , they took the lives of two American journalists -- Jim Foley and Steven Sotloff , " Obama said in a televised address Wednesday night . As she watched the speech , Diane Foley said one thing was going through her mind . "  This whole strategy to eliminate ISIS and the terror threat is important , obviously , so perhaps part of the strategic way of doing that is to bomb them , and to engage in force . But that only caused Jim 's death , " she said . "  I guess all I 'm trying to say is that our government needs to be shrewder , smarter , willing to negotiate with these people who hate us , so that we can find better ways to rid ourselves of terror . " Video shows ISIS beheading James Foley ` He was compelled to bear witness ' After her son 's death , Diane Foley wrote on the Free James Foley Facebook page that "  we have never been prouder of our son Jim . He gave his life trying to expose the world to the suffering of the Syrian people . " Sometimes , she said Thursday , it was tough for his family to deal with his decisions to report in dangerous parts of the world . "  At times , even his siblings were angered that he would return after his captivity in Libya . I mean , it was hard as a family to understand , because Jim was so loved ... and we were selfish . We wanted him with us . We wanted him safe , " she said . "  But Jim was not . Jim was selfless , and he had the courage and the compassion . ... He was compelled to bear witness . " To this end , his family launched a foundation -- the James W. Foley Legacy Fund -- aimed at helping families of American hostages , supporting U.S. journalists in war zones and helping urban youth in educational endeavors . The organization is one way the Foley family is trying to honor James ' past and do something positive in the future . But none of it takes away Diane Foley 's disappointment that more was n't done -- especially by the U.S. government -- to secure his release , somehow , since his November 22 , 2012 , disappearance in northwest Syria . At the time he was working for U.S.-based online news outlet GlobalPost . "  Jim would have been saddened " by the U.S. government 's efforts in the years after his abduction , his mother told CNN . "  Jim believed , till the end , that his country would come to  his  aid . " A failed rescue operation Upon hearing these comments , U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice -- after praising the Foley family for doing "  an amazing job ... to try to bring Jim home safely " -- said she "  and others in the U.S. government worked very hard with Diane Foley and her family to try to be supportive , to try to provide what information we could . " Rice also pointed out "  hundreds of American personnel " were involved in a "  very daring and very well-executed rescue operation " to free Foley and other captives , after getting what they hoped was "  actionable intelligence " about the location of the hostages . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby has said elite U.S. commandos undertook this mission this summer inside Syria . Official : U.S. commandos tried , failed to rescue hostages "  Unfortunately , they were no longer there , " Rice , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told CNN . "  But I think that effort ... underscores the importance that we attach to doing everything that we possibly can to bring Americans in captivity back home . " Diane Foley , though , said the rescue operation came "  very late . " "  Their location was known for more than a year , " she said . During her son 's time in captivity , she said , it often seemed the family knew more about his whereabouts than the authorities . "  I did all I could , " she said . "  I was unable to do enough . " Lessons for the future Now , Diane Foley says she thinks Washington should change its approach to cases like that of her son and Steven Sotloff , another American journalist beheaded by ISIS weeks after James Foley . "  I pray that our government will be willing to learn from the mistakes that were made , " she told CNN , "  and to acknowledge that there are better ways for American citizens to be treated . " There should be international dialogue about how to handle hostages of terrorist groups , she said . "  The risk is becoming higher and higher , " she said , "  and I really feel that our country let Jim down . " Obama escalates campaign against ISIS	Jim Foley 's mother says the U.S. must find a way to negotiate with terrorists She criticizes the U.S. government over its actions since son 's 2012 disappearance Foley kin "  told ... many times " they might be charged for raising ransom , his mother says Diana Foley adds : "  We were just told to trust that he would be freed somehow , miraculously "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The term "  eco community " might conjure up an image of bearded hippies tending an allotment before sharing a mung bean stew . But as today 's urbanites become more concerned about reducing their carbon footprints , some are finding that modern eco communities offer them a way to live sustainably without foregoing their home comforts . The Nubanusit Neighborhood is a cohousing project that emphasizes sustainability . Communities that put an emphasis on green values range from isolated eco villages to sophisticated co-housing projects . Co-housing was dreamed up in Denmark in the idealistic 60s . It allows residents to live in communities where they own their own homes but are actively involved in running their own neighborhoods , which often include a common house where shared dining and other activities are an option . Sarah Berger , from the UK Co-housing Network , told CNN , "  More and more people keep contacting us about getting involved in co-housing communities -- there 's an unquenchable thirst for this sort of thing . " As well as co-housing being widespread in Europe , the U.S. Co-housing Association claims there are more than 150 co-housing communities in the U.S. . But where co-housing projects were once primarily intended as a return to a more collective , less isolated way of living , new projects often place an emphasis on sustainable living . The Nubanusit Neighborhood and Farm in New Hampshire , U.S. , is a new co-housing project designed to the highest green standards , including the U.S. Green Building Council 's Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design benchmark . Nubanusit co-founder Shelly Goguen Hulbert says its 29 homes are densely insulated and have triple glazing , meaning they are virtually airtight . A heat recovery system uses warm exhaust air to heat incoming fresh air , minimizing heat loss . Homes are heated by a centralized wood pellet boiler system , with the pellets sourced from a manufacturer based 5 miles away . And the 70-acre site includes a farm , which means the community can grow its own food or have it grown right on their doorstep by professional farmers . All this helps minimize residents ' carbon footprint , and that 's a big attraction for many . Noel White is an editor and writer who has just moved to the neighborhood with his wife and two children . "  With the home we were living in before it would have been very difficult to do a lot of retro fitting to it or do things to make it more energy efficient , " he explains "  But here we 're moving to a place where other people have spent a lot of time thinking about these things and have made very good choices about the energy efficiency of the home and its environmental impact . Someone else has taken the time and effort and had the expertise to make those choices carefully and we 've taken advantage of it by buying into it . " It 's that opportunity to live in purpose-built sustainable homes that attracted another resident , Jeff Drake , a psychotherapist , who moved to the neighborhood with his partner 7 months ago . Like White , he says it would have been exceptionally difficult and expensive to retrofit his previous home to be more energy efficient . Now he gets to live his green dream . Would you like to live in an eco community ? "  This summer I can cool off my house by closing it up during the day ; I do n't need any air con . In the winter the amount of heat I have to use is really small because the insulation is tremendous . It 's exciting to live that way , " says Drake . Although work on Nubanusit Neighborhood wo n't be completed until the end of the year , over half the homes have been sold and the people choosing to move there are by no means hardcore environmentalists . Of his own family White says , "  I think we have been environmentally conscious for a long time and have tried to be thoughtful about the way we live , but that 's the way a lot more people are now anyway . " As ordinary people become more environmentally aware the idea of eco communities is becoming more mainstream . In the UK , Living Villages has won architecture awards for its Wintles development in Shropshire . Its 14 houses use lots of sustainable timber , are highly insulated , and have heat recovery systems and solar panels . Like co-housing developments , Living Villages emphasizes community as much as environmentally sound design , with the Wintles homes facing each other around a village green to encourage social interaction . But this kind of green living does n't come cheap , with new Wintles homes on the market for up to $ 900,000 , a far cry from the inclusive ideology behind archetypal hippy collectives . And that 's the catch -- the more creature comforts and environmentally-friendly features are built into a home , the more expensive , and exclusive , it becomes . Inherent to eco communities is their small scale . Not only does it provide the social glue that holds them together , it allows communal facilities and equipment , such as lawnmowers , to be shared , reducing the community 's carbon footprint . But in a crowded world that size restriction limits how widespread these developments can become . While these communities will never be for everyone , Berger maintains co-housing is a model for the future . "  A lot of the basic concepts behind co-housing are applicable to larger housing developments , " she says . "  Some of the principles could be woven in to conventional developments -- things like having the residential area car free , having a common house where you can eat communally from time to time , hold events , and have a children 's room and games room for teenagers . "  Also , having offices for home working means you 're meeting government objectives about reducing carbon footprints and living more sustainably . "	More people are choosing to live sustainably in eco communities Modern co-housing developments often emphasize green values Living Villages in the UK has designed award-winning eco villages
A leading drug candidate for low sexual desire in women has n't gotten approved for use in the United States , but the company backing it is n't giving up . Sprout Pharmaceuticals announced Tuesday that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave the company "  clear guidance " on "  the path forward " for its drug to treat low libido in women , called flibanserin . The FDA had rejected an application to approve the drug last year , which Sprout appealed . "  The FDA has requested that Sprout complete two additional Phase I drug interaction studies and a Phase I driving simulator study , " Sprout said in a statement . Such studies will look at different enzyme pathways and investigate whether the drug 's side effects would impair driving . Sprout will resubmit the new drug application for flibanserin by the third quarter of this year , the company said . "  We are encouraged by the FDA 's response and view it as a significant step toward the approval of flibanserin , " said Cindy Whitehead , president and chief operating officer of Sprout Pharmaceuticals , in a statement . The FDA declined to answer specific questions regarding the matter when contacted by CNN in January . FDA spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said in a statement : "  The FDA is only able to provide information on approved drug product applications . Any information on an application that has yet to receive an approval or was denied approval belongs to the manufacturer/sponsor developing the drug . " Where 's the sex drive drug for women ? Sprouting a drug Flibanserin was initially developed by pharmaceutical giant Boehringer Ingelheim , but the company ditched it in 2010 after the FDA declined to approve their new drug application , asking for more research , said Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of sexual medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , California , who collaborated on clinical trials for flibanserin . A smaller operation , Sprout Pharmaceuticals , took over work on the drug in 2011 , and resubmitted an application with 14 new clinical studies , encompassing data on more than 3,000 new patients , according to the company . The drug is designed for the treatment of Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder in women . That 's the technical term for when women have a distressing lack or absence of sexual desire or fantasy . Up to one-third of adult women may experience it , according to a 2002 study . In total , more than 11,000 people have participated in clinical trials for flibanserin , Whitehead said . Still , the most recent attempt to get flibanserin off the ground failed ; the FDA did not approve the company 's revised drug application in October . The FDA characterized the drug as having a "  modest " effect in its response letter , Whitehead said . But clinical trial results show statistically significant improvement in the women who took the drug , compared to those who took a placebo , she said . "  In terms of what we see , I would say ` modest ' is meaningful , " Whitehead said . Sex is doctor 's life 's work A 2013 study in the Journal of Sexual Medicine showed that women taking the drug reported an average increase of 2.5 satisfying sexual events in four weeks , compared to an increase of 1.5 among women using a placebo . Flibanserin is not a hormonal treatment and does not appear to affect fertility or interact with birth control medications , Whitehead said . Given that the drug has been through numerous , rigorous clinical trials , and so much has been invested in it , the FDA 's refusal to approve it is a turning point in the field of sexual medicine , Goldstein said . The drug works by increasing brain blood flow in particular ways , Goldstein said . It increases levels of the neurotransmitters dopamine and noradrenaline , and lowers levels of serotonin . Side effects of flibanserin include dizziness , nausea , fatigue and sleepiness . Unlike some treatments for men , flibanserin needs to be taken once a day , every day . If there is no positive action on the drug , it could spell doom for pharmacological efforts to manage female sexual desire , he said . "  It will go back to dark ages of saying , ` This is all a relationship problem , ' even though we know it 's not , " he said . Other options There are other experimental treatments for low female sex drive in the works . Drugs called Lybrido and Lybridos , developed by a company called Emotional Brain , have undergone several randomized studies with results that are "  very promising and will be published soon , " according to the company 's website . A drug called Bremelanotide is being investigated by Palatin Technologies for both men and women . None of these drugs has completed phase 3 trials , which are necessary before approval . Whitehead counts 24 FDA-approved treatments available in the United States for male sexual dysfunction , including popular drugs such as Viagra  sildenafil citrate  . For women , it 's zero . "  A lot of times , the medical community has really put men 's needs first and has n't really addressed women 's sexual needs , " said Jennifer Foust , a sex therapist in Aventura , Florida , who is not affiliated with flibanserin . Because doctors have no solutions , women have tried less-proven treatments for their low sexual desire , such as diets and herbs . None of Foust 's clients has had success with them . She said some women who are n't functioning well sexually would be "  open to anything . " "  I 've had women complain , ` Why is n't there a female Viagra ? ' " Foust said . Sex drive : It 's complicated Sex drive is more complicated for women than for men , Foust said . There are a lot of factors that could explain a woman 's low desire -- and not all of them are medical , she said . Lifestyle and relationship issues may come into play . Having a first child can be a problematic factor for some women ; the adjustment and figuring out how to restructure their sex life can throw off desire . Foust has spoken to some new mothers who feel they are constantly being asked for something from their body , as if they are "  touched out , " but find their lack of desire troubling . Some couples maintain satisfying sex lives over many years -- but some , over time , go on autopilot and have less and less sex . "  You have to continue to feed your sexual relationship , and feed your relationship in general , " Foust said . "  A lot of it depends on how much importance and energy you put toward your sex life . " Sometimes stress is the issue , too , she said . Foust offers cognitive-behavioral , focused exercises to help women who are distressed about their low sexual desire . Low sexual desire in women is n't necessarily a problem in menopause or later . Foust works with many women complaining of low sex drive who are in their 30s and 40s . The average age of participants in the flibanserin trials was 36 , Whitehead said . The new drug application the company will submit will be specifically for premenopausal women .	Flibanserin is a drug that showed positive results in clinical trials The FDA has declined to approve this drug The drug 's promoters have appealed that decision The FDA requested more study of the drug
CNN  -- Noah and Connor Barthe , the two boys apparently killed by a 100-pound African rock python in Canada , died from asphyxiation , according to preliminary autopsy results . "  While we now have some preliminary information , investigators still have to wait for other test results to come back and for the final report , " Sgt. Alain Tremblay of the New Brunswick Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Wednesday . "  We recognize that this has touched the hearts of people across the world and that people want to know how this could have happened . Our investigators are looking at all aspects of this tragic incident , and that will take some time , " he said . Noah , 4 , and Connor , 6 , were found dead Monday morning . Sometime before dawn , the snake came crashing through the ceiling of the apartment where they were spending the night . The apartment was the home of Jean-Claude Savoie , a family friend whose Campbellton , New Brunswick pet store was downstairs . Tremblay said the python was kept upstairs in a custom-built glass enclosure similar to an aquarium . The cage reached the ceiling , and the snake was somehow able to crawl through a vent into the building 's ductwork . It was above the living room , where the boys were sleeping , when the ceiling fell in . The snake was found in the same room as the boys , Tremblay said . He would provide no further details . He said the RCMP is conducting a criminal investigation but would n't discuss possible charges . "  Obviously , it 's not a standard or regular case , " he said . "  It 's very traumatic for the family that this happened . But for the police , this is an investigation where there 's a loss of life , and our approach to analyze a scene is almost identical , although here we 're dealing with a reptile . " Canadian broadcaster CBC reported that the python was between 11 and nearly 15 feet long and weighed more than 99 pounds . It was euthanized . The necropsy showed the snake was in good overall health , Tremblay said . Deaths caused by large constrictor snakes like pythons are fairly rare . The Humane Society documents 17 people who have died in incidents in the United States related to the snakes since 1978 , 12 of them since 1990 . CNN 's Matt Smith , Jethro Mullen , Dana Ford and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Noah and Connor Barthe , aged 4 and 6 , were found dead Monday morning They had been at a sleepover at an apartment above a pet store The python believed to have killed them has been euthanized Deaths caused by large constrictor snakes like pythons are fairly rare
CNN  -- Europe 's largest cruise ship , the MSC Preziosa , set sail on its maiden voyage from the western France port of Saint Nazaire on Thursday . The ship actually holds the title jointly with its sister ship the MSC Divina , which first set sail in May of 2012 . Both measure 333 meters long by 38 meters wide and can hold 4,345 passengers . The mega-ships each weigh 140,000 tons and can travel at speeds of up to 23 knots . Swiss-Italian cruise operator MSC Cruises says the ship has 30,000 square meters of public area , including pools , a casino and a theater . The boat is the 12th in MSC 's fleet , making it the world 's third biggest cruise line , according to company CEO Pierfrancesco Vago . The ship has quite the interesting back story . According to various reports , a shipping firm in Libya originally ordered it . But payments were halted in the wake of the Libyan revolution in 2011 . MSC Cruises stepped in and purchased the already-in-progress ship from builder STX France . The luxury cruise ship is now on its pre-inaugural 9-day/8-night cruise from Saint Nazaire , that will end in Genoa , Italy on Friday , March 22 . There a christening ceremony will take place before it departs on March 24 on its first official cruise . The five-night voyage begins in Genoa and includes stops in Naples , Messina , Tunis and Barcelona .	At 333 meters long , it is Europe 's equal biggest cruise ship The ` Allure of the Seas ' at 362 meters is the world 's biggest MSC Preziosa 's first official cruise will start March 24
CNN  -- A registered sex offender was charged Wednesday with rape and murder in connection with the disappearance of a California girl . John Albert Gardner III , 30 , pleaded not guilty to all charges , which stem from last week 's disappearance of Chelsea King , 17 , of the San Diego , California , area . The charges against Gardner make him eligible for the death penalty , the San Diego County district attorney 's office said Wednesday . The office said it has not yet determined whether it will seek capital punishment . Gardner , of Lake Elsinore , California , will not be allowed to post bail . Gardner was also charged Wednesday with assault with intent to commit rape in connection with an attack on a jogger in December 2009 . Searchers found a body Tuesday that they believe to be King 's . Police arrested Gardner on Sunday . Gardner is a registered sex offender , according to Steve Walker , a spokesman for the San Diego County district attorney . King has been missing since February 25 . Investigators say she was last seen at her school in Poway , about 15 miles north of San Diego . Her car , with her cell phone inside , was found at Rancho Bernardo Community Park . On Tuesday , searchers found remains in a shallow grave at that park ; they were found along the shoreline of a tributary south of a lake , authorities said . "  There is strong likelihood that we have found Chelsea , " San Diego County Sheriff William Gore said at a news conference Tuesday . He said he expected a positive identification of the body to come Wednesday . Follow local coverage on KGTV The body was found in a heavily wooded area not visible from nearby homes . A shoe had been found earlier in the same area , the sheriff said . "  Now that we have filed charges , our primary focus is obtaining justice for Chelsea King and her family , " San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie M. Dumanis said Wednesday . "  I also want to acknowledge the dedication of all the volunteers who helped in the search for Chelsea . " Police said Wednesday that the garage door of the home of Gardner 's mother was spray-painted with a message saying that King 's blood is on her hands . "  Chelseas  sic  blood is on you move out , " the message said , according to San Diego police spokesman Gary Hassen . Gardner 's next court appearance , a status hearing , is scheduled for Tuesday . His preliminary hearing is scheduled for March 18 .	John Albert Gardner III accused of raping , killing teen who disappeared last week Police : Remains found in park Tuesday believed to be those of the teen , Chelsea King King , 17 , was last seen at school ; her car , with cell phone inside , was found at park Gardner is a registered sex offender , authorities say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They helped introduce the world to mop top haircuts , collarless jackets and yellow submarines -- now a British university is launching what it says is the world 's first ever masters degree in the Beatles . The masters degree will examine The Beatles ' contribution to modern society . Liverpool Hope University , in the Fab Four 's home city , says its Beatles , Popular Music and Society course will be a long-overdue examination of the band behind songs such as "  Help ! " "  Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , " and "  Octopus 's Garden . " "  There have been over 8,000 books about The Beatles but there has never been serious academic study and that is what we are going to address , " says Miles Brocken , Hope 's senior lecturer in popular music . "  Forty years on from their break-up , now is the right time and Liverpool is the right place to study The Beatles , " he adds . He said the course , expected to offer places to 30 students when it starts in September 2009 , had already received enquiries from overseas , including the United States . Brocken defended the course 's practical use , telling the Guardian newspaper that academic study of John , Paul , George and Ringo would put its students firmly on the long and winding road to a successful career . What do you think ? "  I think any MA equips people with extra study and research skills . MAs of any description are vital for the workplace , " he said . "  You will find that once you have done a master 's degree it separates you from the pack . "	British university says its masters degree in the Beatles is a world first Course supervisor says academic study of the Fab Four is long overdue Lecturer Miles Brocken says Beatles MA will boost career prospects
InStyle.com  -- Singer Carrie Underwood dishes on dieting , beauty and fashion . Carrie Underwood in a Michael Kors wool crêpe dress and Kenneth Jay Lane link bracelet . 1 . Always look the part Most of the time I slap on some makeup in the morning so I do n't look bad if somebody snaps a picture . Somebody , somewhere , will catch you , even if it 's a fan at the grocery store . Very rarely do I go out without makeup . 2 . Keep a food diary I 'm OCD like that . I count calories , fat and fiber -- which is important in making you feel fuller faster -- and protein , especially when I 'm working out . Watch how Carrie handles romantic distress " 3 . Do n't be a dairy queen Cheese is ruining my life ! I 'm trying to talk myself into being lactose-intolerant . I mean , it 's basically moldy milk , and it does n't smell that great -- but it 's so good ! Oh , jeez , I 'm thinking about it now ... 4 . Exercise your options Always take an hour for yourself to go do something positive . I like the elliptical machine or swimming if I 'm in a hotel with a decent pool and there are n't too many people there . I also do the treadmill , free weights , exercise ball . If it 's a nice day , outdoor activity is nice . I get a bike and ride around . Plus , I get a decent cardio workout every night onstage . 5 . Do n't break the bank I do n't buy expensive jewelry and fur coats and Escalades . I 've never bought a car in my life . The car I have , a Ford Mustang convertible , is the one I won on Idol -- I guess I need to go buy a new car after all ! 6 . Smell yummy I do n't do smelly soaps or wear perfume , so lotion is kind of my perfume . My favorite body lotion is Benefit 's Maybe Baby . It 's got a little shimmer in it . If I 'm dressing up I might use perfume . I have a couple by Anna Sui . And Gwen Stefani 's perfume -LSB- L -RSB- , is good too . 7 . Be a girlie girl With makeup I think it 's important for girls to play . I mix a lot . I 'll put on lip gloss and go , "  That needs to shimmer . " So I 'll put something shimmery on top . Then I want it a little pinker , so I put pink on top . But it all comes together . I 'm trying to lay off the black eyeliner , though -- I love it a little too much . 8 . Go with the flow I tend to go after bigger , flowy tops or dresses . I know I 'm doing myself a disservice , but I 'd rather put on a muumuu and have people at least think there might be a skinny person underneath than put on something tight and have them think , Look at that gut ! 9 . Laugh at yourself Usually I come up through the floor to get to the stage . I ca n't stand up on the little platform or the audience will see me , so I 'm squatting down with my rear end pressed up against the back of it . I just laugh because the audience thinks this is so glamorous -- and here I am under the stage with these ropes and equipment , my butt pressed against plastic ! E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Singer Carrie Underwood uses lotion more than perfume She counts calories , fat and fiber ; cheese is her downfall Singer loves to play with makeup
CNN  -- Despite overtures from Turkey , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said Sunday that his country will not apologize to Turkey over the deaths of nine Turkish activists aboard an aid flotilla headed for Gaza in May . "  The ones who need to apologize is the Turkish government for supporting terror regarding the IHH  a Turkish charity tied to the flotilla  , Hamas and Hezbollah , " he told a gathering of Israeli ambassadors from around the world . "  There will be no apology , and if there is one , we are expecting it from Ankara and not vice versa , " he added . A day earlier , Turkey 's foreign minister continued to press for an apology from Israel over the incident , as the boat that set off the row between the two countries was scheduled to arrive in Istanbul . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu criticized Israel for not reciprocating his country 's efforts to remedy relations , despite Turkey 's "  wish to reconcile with Israel , " according to the state-run Anadolu news agency . "  We are having difficulty , when we do n't receive the same will from the other side , " he said . "  If our friendship with Israel is going to continue , an apology and compensation are the only possible ways for it . " Turkey was once Israel 's strongest ally among Muslim nations , but the relationship between the two nations has been chilly since May 31 , when Israeli forces intercepted an aid flotilla headed to Gaza from Turkey . Violence broke out , and nine Turkish activists were killed . Tens of thousands of people were expected Sunday to greet the boat at the center of the controversy , the Mavi Marmara , upon its arrival in Istanbul , according to a press release from Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief . Israel has maintained that its troops used force on the activists only after they were attacked by those on board one boat . But passengers on board insist Israeli troops fired on them without provocation . On Saturday , Davutoglu said that Tel Aviv 's attempts to lay blame were unfounded . "  Turkish citizens were killed in international waters , " he told reporters , according to the Anadolu report . "  Nothing can cover this fact . Turkey can not be blamed . " In September , the U.N. Human Rights Council concluded that Israeli forces committed serious violations of international law in the mid-sea interception . The 56-page report described the circumstances of the deaths of "  at least six of the passengers " as being "  consistent with ... an arbitrary and summary execution . " Officials from Israel and Turkey met earlier this month in Geneva , Switzerland , in an attempt to reduce tensions . That meeting came days after Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan sent two firefighting planes to Israel to help combat a deadly wildfire , according to a Turkish foreign ministry official . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu publicly thanked Erdogan , then called him to thank him again , the official said . While on the telephone , Netanyahu said he hoped the two countries could discuss the state of their relationship in a different context . CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	Israel 's foreign minister says an apology should come from Turkey Turkey 's minister says Israel is not reciprocating his nation 's efforts to remedy relations The row began after Israeli forces killed nine Turkish activists on an aid flotilla Turkish official says "  an apology " is needed for their "  friendship " to continue
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Letters containing white powder were mailed to 16 U.S. embassies across Europe , according to the State Department on Wednesday . Emergency services surround U.S. Embassy in Madrid , Spain . The substance has proved to be harmless in 15 locations with results still pending for the final embassy in The Hague , Netherlands , Deputy Spokesman Robert Wood said . He said the list of U.S. embassies where the powder was received includes Berlin , Germany ; Bern , Switzerland ; Brussels , Belgium ; Bucharest , Romania ; Copenhagen , Denmark ; Dublin , Ireland ; Luxembourg ; Madrid , Spain ; Oslo , Norway ; Paris , France ; Reykjavik , Iceland ; Riga , Latvia ; Rome , Italy ; Stockholm , Sweden ; Tallinn , Estonia ; and The Hague . An envelope , containing what testing revealed to be white flour , prompted the U.S. Embassy in Madrid to close the staff entrance on Wednesday , a U.S. embassy official told CNN . Mail at the U.S. Embassy in Madrid is received near the front entrance and was closed amid security concerns , he said , though most employees remained at work . "  We know where the package is coming from , " the official said , but declined to elaborate . The official spoke on coindition on anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media . He described the incident as "  very serious " but went on to say there is probably "  more commotion " outside the embassy , where local media reported police and ambulances had gathered . A similar letter was mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Copenhagen on Tuesday , embassy spokeswoman Melissa Ford said Wednesday . She said the contents of that envelope "  still are n't in , " contrary to Wood 's statement . "  It usually takes more than 24 hours  for the cultures  , so perhaps we 'll know later today or early tomorrow , " Ford told CNN . CNN 's Elise Labott and Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Sixteen U.S. embassies in Europe receive mail containing white powder Tests show powder harmless in 15 cases ; results pending in 16th case U.S. embassy official in Madrid : "  We know where the package is coming from "
CNN  -- Two international journalists , along with their Somali colleague and a driver , were kidnapped Saturday , a journalists ' organization in Somalia said . A young fighter mans a gun on the beach of Kismayo . The photographer asked not be identified . Amanda Lindhout , a Canadian journalist , and Nigel Brenan , an Australian photojournalist , had been in the country just three days when militia men snatched them outside the capital city of Mogadishu , the National Union of Somali Journalists said Sunday . The kidnappers also took Abdifatah Mohammed Elmi , a Somalian photojournalist who was acting as the pair 's translator , and their driver , the journalists ' union said . The four were on their way back after conducting interviews at a refugee camp . Officials do not know if the journalists are being held for ransom and who is behind the abductions . "  No formal claim of responsibility was made , " the journalists ' group said . "  As well , there have been no demands . " Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . Somalia 's current transitional government is trying to maintain control of the capital , with the help of Ethiopian forces . On Friday , fighters from the Islamic group Al Shabab took control of the southern port town of Kismayo after three days of clashes . The fighting left at least 89 people dead , 207 wounded and displaced some 5,500 people , triggering a humanitarian crisis . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in December 2006 to install the transitional government in Mogadishu after a decade and a half of near-anarchy . The invasion had the blessing of the United States , which accused Islamists of harboring fugitives from the al Qaeda terrorist movement . But the Ethiopian troops quickly became embroiled in an insurgency led by the Islamists . And as guerrilla attacks mounted , efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered . The conflict displaced hundreds of thousands of Somalis , further worsening a humanitarian crisis that dates back to the collapse of the country 's last government in 1991 . The situation has been exacerbated by drought , continual armed conflicts in central and southern Somalia , and high inflation on food and fuel prices .	Two international journalists and Somali colleague and driver kidnapped Canandian Amanda Lindhout and Australian Nigel Brenan seized The group had been conducting interviews at a refugee camp
CNN  -- Few have had a bigger influence on today 's musical artists than Michael Jackson . Michael Jackson performs with Usher in September 2001 at Madison Square Gardens in New York City . Younger singers , from Justin Timberlake to Usher and Chris Brown , have emulated his dance moves , his look and his sound . He was , for many , the ultimate performer . " -LSB- His influence -RSB- feels like something that is instilled and embedded in anyone who wanted to create anything musically , " said Marsha Ambrosius , one half of the duo Floetry that wrote the single "  Butterflies . " That single appeared on Jackson 's 2001 "  Invincible " album . "  He will always be the King of Pop , and no one will ever be able to fill those shoes with those shiny socks and that glove , " Ambrosius said . For many of the younger generation , he was the first to not just cross over but explode onto the pop charts from the R & B scene . His phenomenal talent and worldwide appeal made his throne one to be aspired to even as they stood in awe of him . "  If you 're a singer and you do n't want to be like Michael Jackson , something is wrong , " said 19-year-old singer and rapper Sean Kingston , who scored a hit in 2007 with the song "  Beautiful Girls . " "  He 's a huge influence . " Sonia Murray , a longtime Atlanta-based music columnist , said Jackson was for the younger set what James Brown had been for Jackson : an inspiration . "  It was the many dimensions he had as a performer , " Murray said . "  A lot of those artists strive to be all around entertainers . Michael looks to James Brown and Sammy Davis Jr. and for the younger guys , he was the closest thing they had . " His music videos were must-see TV , and aspiring artists learned that it took more than just holding a microphone if they really wanted to make it big . "  He was the total package , " said Gail Mitchell , senior editor for R & B and Hip-hop for Billboard . "  I was talking to somebody the other day about what trends they were seeing , and they said that a lot of the acts these days seem to going back to the whole entertainer thing . " "  It 's not just good enough anymore to lip-synch or program your computer , but some of these newer artists are more concerned about putting on a great show for their fans . " Steve Greenberg , founder and CEO of S-Curve Records , was a disc jokey in Tel Aviv , Israel , when "  Thriller " first dropped and witnessed first-hand how Jackson became an international icon . Greenberg said Jackson "  influenced everyone who has come after him . " "  He 's been around so long that everyone on the contemporary scene has come after him , " Greenberg said . "  His was the first very contemporary , very exciting dance music to emerge after the death of disco . " His was a global appeal , Greenberg said , among fans and artists worldwide . "  He was as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he was in America and Europe , " Greenberg said . "  He had that universality that not many people had . The Beatles had it , Muhammad Ali had it , but not many other people have had it . " His music also crossed genres . He was a favorite of rappers to sample and working with him was a badge of honor in the industry . Producer Dallas Austin worked with him on Michael Jackson 's "  HIStory : Past , Present and Future " and , like the rest of the world , was stunned by his death . "  Michael Jackson was a magical person to work with , " Austin said in a released statement . "  I am saddened by his death . The world wo n't be the same without him . " Even for the most hardcore in hip-hop , there was no shame in admitting love for the King of Pop . "  Michael Jackson has always been an inspiration to me as far as his music is concerned , " Rapper Snoop Dogg told MTV in 2001 . "  You ca n't take nothing from him . " Wyclef Jean released a statement saying "  Michael Jackson was my Musical God . " "  He made me believe that all things are possible , and through real and positive music , he can live forever , " Jean said . "  I love Michael Jackson . God Bless him . " Floetry member Marsha Ambrosius said she felt blessed to have spent two weeks working with Jackson in New York City a few years ago after he fell in love with a song she had written . She had the opportunity to get to know him , not just as a superstar , but as a fun-loving family man who stayed in touch with her even after the project was finished . "  He was one of the most amazing people you would ever want to meet , " she said . "  I can say I worked with the most incredible artist on planet Earth . " CNN 's Shanon Cook contributed to this report .	Michael Jackson 's dance moves , his look were emulated Jackson inspired artists such as Usher , Justin Timberlake and rapper Snoop Dogg Recording CEO : Jackson "  influenced everyone who has come after him "
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania minister was defrocked on Thursday after he was found guilty in a church trial for officiating his son 's same-sex wedding , according to church officials . Frank Schaefer , 51 , the pastor at Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in Lebanon , had already been suspended for 30 days in November after a jury of 13 clergy members found him guilty of officiating a same-sex wedding and being disobedient to the discipline and order of the church , according to Cathy Husid-Shamir , a Schaefer family spokeswoman . During his 30-day suspension , Schaefer was to decide whether his advocacy on behalf of the LGBT community would prevent him from fully complying with church law in the future , according to a statement from Bishop Peggy Johnson of the United Methodist Church . Schaefer told the Board of Ordained Ministry Thursday that he could not uphold the church 's Book of Discipline in its entirety because it discriminates against gay people . Schaefer was asked to immediately surrender his credentials , but he refused , forcing church officials to defrock him , the statement said . "  I am somewhat in shock still , " Schaefer said at a news conference Thursday . "  When I went into the hearing this morning , " he said , "  I was hopeful that it would n't come to what it has come to . " Schaefer previously told CNN 's Zoraida Sambolin that his son , Tim , asked him to officiate his wedding seven years ago , and he decided to do it "  out of love for him . " Although he once believed that homosexuality was incompatible with his Christian beliefs , Schaefer said his views on the controversial topic evolved . "  By the time our son came out , I was ready to embrace him , " Schaefer told Sambolin . The complaint was filed by one of Schaefer 's church members , and the church leadership decided to act upon it , according to Schaefer . The church told Schaefer he could avoid a trial if he agreed never to perform another same-sex marriage . He refused . "  I ca n't commit to a statement like that , especially in light of the fact that I have two more children that are gay , " said Schaefer , who has four children . He said he has already filed an appeal and hopes to become reinstated to the Methodist clergy . Schaefer 's case will now be reviewed by the appeals committee of the United Methodist Church 's northeast jurisdiction . It could also go to the judicial counsel which is equivalent to the supreme court of the church , according to Schaefer 's attorney , Bill Ewing . "  I have been a part of this church for more than 20 years , " Schaefer said Thursday . "  Being a United Methodist minister is the only kind of minister I know how to be . " Ewing expects the appeal to be tried some time in 2015 . Asked of his plans until then , Schaefer said , "  I will continue to be a voice for the LGBT community . "	Rev. Frank Schaefer was defrocked by church officials on Thursday Schaefer was found guilty in November by jury of ordained clergy on two counts He was originally sentenced to a 30-day suspension Church officials asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refused
CNN  -- Photographers are honoring one of their own with an online benefit sale Monday aimed at helping the children of South African photojournalist Anton Hammerl , who was reportedly killed in Libya in early April . The sale marks the 5-month anniversary of the death of Hammerl , who was last seen by fellow journalists on April 5 , 2011 , after being shot in the stomach by forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi . The online benefit precedes a memorial service for Hammerl on Thursday in London , said Bronwyn Friedlander , a family spokesman . Hammerl 's remains have not been located , he said . The sale at http://www.friendsofanton.org/ includes images from some of the world 's most renowned photographers , including Pulitzer Prize winner Greg Marinovich and National Geographic 's David Burnett . Among those also donating pictures is photographer Manuel Varela , who goes by the name Manu Brabo , one of the last people believed to have seen Hammerl alive . "  What happened to Anton was horrific . I feel compelled to help his family in any way that I can , " Brabo said in a statement . Hammerl , who holds South African and Austrian citizenship , was initially believed to have been detained along with Brabo and journalists Clare Morgana Gillis , a freelancer for the Christian Science Monitor , the Atlantic and USA Today ; and James Foley of GlobalPost . When Gillis , Foley and Brabo were released along with British journalist Nigel Chandler , they contacted Hammerl 's wife to tell her what happened , according to interviews they gave after their release to GlobalPost and the Atlantic . Gillis and Foley said in the interviews they were traveling with Hammerl , following then-rebel forces toward the frontlines near al-Brega , when they were attacked by Gadhafi 's forces . The two said in the interviews that Hammerl was shot in the abdomen by Gadhafi 's forces . They last saw him lying in a pool of blood as they were taken away , according to the interviews . Hammerl was a former photographer for The Saturday Star in Johannesburg . He had gone to cover the fighting in Libya in late March as a freelance photographer . Since February , the Committee to Protect Journalists has tallied dozens of attacks on journalists in Libya , including five deaths . Among those also killed were Oscar nominee Tim Hetherington and acclaimed photojournalist Chris Hondros , who were struck by a rocket-propelled grenade while chronicling the violence in the besieged port city of Misrata . The Committee to Protect Journalists has documented the deaths of 861 journalists over the past two decades . Of those , 150 were killed in combat . "  The only way to capture the truth is to get close to it , and sometimes journalists like Anton Hammerl end up paying the ultimate price , " said Maria Salazar-Ferro , CPJ 's Impunity Campaign and Journalist Assistance Program coordinator . The photos donated for the online benefit are a diverse mix that include a haunting black and white image of children fleeing fighting , a picture of an American soldier dragging a wounded comrade in Afghanistan and a candid photo of Mikhail Gorbachev and Ronald Reagan with their interpreters at a summit in 1985 . The money from the sale will be used for the education of Hammerl 's three children , Friedlander said .	The benefit sale precedes a memorial service for Anton Hammerl The sale marks the 5-month anniversary of Hammerl 's death He was last seen in the Libyan desert on April 5 His remains have not been recovered , a family spokesman says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russia is displaying its military power in America 's back yard , sending a convoy of warships to Venezuela for joint naval exercises , the first such deployment since the Cold War . The Kremlin is becoming increasingly cozy with Venezuela , Cuba and other Latin American countries unhappy with the United States , in apparent response to thorny issues such as U.S. missile defense plans in Eastern Europe , NATO 's eastern expansion , and U.S. warships dispatched to Georgia . "  Some of this is the Russians wanting to get even . They see American warships close to their shore ; they 're going to put Russian warships close to us , " said Russian military expert John Pike of globalsecurity.org . The fleet of ships headed toward the Caribbean includes some of Russia 's finest , like the nuclear-powered Peter the Great cruiser and the anti-submarine warship Admiral Chebanenko . Pike said that while these vessels are impressive , they are no match for the American Navy and pose little threat to the United States . "  They have obsolete technology . They would simply be no match for American warships in a one-to-one combat , " he said . Nonetheless , this deployment adds to the tension created earlier this month when two Russian Tu-160 nuclear long-range bombers arrived in Venezuela , also for military exercises . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a vocal critic of the United States , greeted the Russian pilots with a blunt message for Washington . "  Venezuela is not alone ! Russia is with us , " he said . "  They are our strategic partners . The Russian Tu-160 bombers on our land are a warning to the empire of the U.S.A. ! " Chavez is increasing Venezuela 's ties with Russia . He arrived in Moscow on Thursday for his second trip there in the past two months . Russia , meanwhile , has sold Venezuela more than $ 4 billion in arms . U.S. Defense Department spokesman Geoff Morrell says the Pentagon is not fazed . "  Russia is certainly within its rights to conduct exercises with its allies . What 's the old saying ? You 're sort of known by the company you keep . If they wish to hang out with the Venezuelan navy , that 's their business , " he said . But Russia knows the United States is watching , and that seems to be the idea , Pike said . "  The Russians , sort of from here on out , every couple months are going to come up with some sort of new event , some sort of new exercise , some sort of new provocation to keep us focused on them , " he said	Russian warships heading to Venezuela for joint naval exercises Expert on Russian military : Move is response to U.S. actions in Europe Russia increasing its ties with Latin American countries unhappy with the U.S. "  Some of this is the Russians wanting to get even , " expert says
Beijing  CNN  -- A former senior police official , whose attempt in February to seek asylum in a U.S. Consulate triggered the most serious political crisis in China in decades , has been charged with defection and bribe-taking , the authorities announced Wednesday . Prosecutors in the southwestern Chinese city of Chengdu also accused Wang Lijun of abusing his power and covering up a high-profile murder case , state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Chengdu Intermediate People 's Court has accepted the case and a trial date will be set later , Xinhua added . Of his four alleged offenses , bribe-taking -- based on the amount involved and the seriousness of the case -- could potentially lead to the death penalty . The Xinhua report did not specify how much money Wang was accused of taking as bribes but described it as a "  huge sum . " The conviction rate for criminal trials in China stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report quoted the Chinese Supreme People 's Court as saying . Wang , 52 , was a right-hand man of disgraced politician Bo Xilai , once considered among Communist royalty and a fast-rising star within the party destined for the highest office of the country . Wang headed the police department of Chongqing , a sprawling southwestern metropolis with more than 30 million residents , during most of the period when Bo was the local party chief from late 2007 to early this year . Wang 's indictment quoted by Xinhua did not mention Bo but prosecutors alleged that the former police official "  illegally used technical surveillance measures . " Analysts say the accusation may reflect rumors that Wang had bugged other senior officials to benefit Bo politically . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace After being suddenly dismissed as police chief in early February , Wang spectacularly sought refuge for one day inside the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu , apparently fearing for his life and allegedly holding incriminating information against his boss . Media reports and online posts claimed Wang clashed with Bo after suggesting Bo 's wife poisoned and killed Neil Heywood , a British businessman and Bo family friend , last November amid a financial dispute . Gu Kailai , Bo 's wife , was convicted of murder last month and received a suspended death sentence . Four high-ranking police officers who once worked under Wang also were convicted of covering up the Heywood murder -- a crime Wang was also accused of in the indictment cited by Xinhua -- and received prison sentences ranging from five to 11 years . Another former top deputy of Wang was recently arrested and accused of taking bribes . As for Bo , the government announced in April that he was stripped of his leadership positions for "  serious breach of party discipline . " He has not been seen publicly since . Gu Kailai : China 's ` Jackie Kennedy ' Bo , 63 , a charismatic albeit controversial politician , launched a "  smashing black , singing red " campaign in Chongqing that promoted Communist ideology as zealously as it cracked down on organized crime . His economic programs , which included millions spent on social welfare , made him a popular leader in Chongqing . But analysts say his populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the more economically liberal and reform-oriented faction that dominated the current party leadership . Bo and Wang were known to have worked closely on Bo 's signature crime-fighting program in 2009 . In just 10 months , Chongqing police arrested almost 5,000 people and executed more than a dozen . At the height of campaign , Beijing-based lawyer Li Zhuang defended an alleged gang member and discovered police torture during interrogation . "  For eight days and eight nights , my client was repeatedly hung from the ceiling , " Li recalled in an interview with CNN in late March . "  He eventually soiled himself . His interrogators ordered him to remove the feces on the floor with his bare hands and use his shorts to wipe it clean . Then they hung him up naked . " As he tried to expose the interrogators ' crimes , Li said , he was detained , tortured and promptly sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison under the direct order of Wang for "  fabricating evidence and inciting witnesses . " "  Their barbaric kind of law enforcement or , rather , their trampling of the law was against everything a modern civilization stands for , " he said . Since the fall of Wang and Bo , Li has devoted himself to exposing alleged police abuse of power during Bo 's reign in Chongqing . He quickly shared the news of Wang 's indictment with his 285,000 followers on his microblog when the story first broke . More : What will happen to Bo ? Political observers have also said Wang , not Bo , "  is probably the most hated " figure in the eyes of the Beijing leadership for going to the Americans . Wang was taken into custody once he left the consulate for entering the diplomatic post without authorization . Analysts say his gambit forced China to deal with the scandal with an unprecedented level of transparency , prodded along by social media . "  That 's keeping them honest in a lot of places where they could be dishonest in the past , " said Douglas Paal , a top China analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . Meanwhile , the Communist Party has painted Bo as an outlier who violated discipline . It has been "  very careful " not to use his case to purge the party of most of his supporters . It is now rumored that the 18th Communist Party Congress , a meeting where a new generation of leaders is expected to be unveiled , will be held in the middle of next month . The current leadership under President Hu Jintao is trying to resolve the Bo affair before its once-in-a-decade power transition , according to Joseph Fewsmith , an international relations professor at Boston University and a longtime China watcher . "  There was a desire on the part of the Chinese Communist Party to get this case settled , " he said . "  It 's not yet , but it is out of the party and into the hands of criminal courts -- well before the 18th Party Congress . " On Wednesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ended a two-day visit to Beijing . U.S. officials say they were not told about the intention to charge Wang during the visit but were not surprised to hear the news . They added that "  it was absolutely clear that there is a lot of ferment and churn in China now connected to the internal political situation and the transition . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Wang Lijun in February sought asylum in a U.S. Consulate , sparking a political crisis He is charged with defection , bribe-taking , abusing his power and covering up a murder Wang , 52 , was a right-hand man of prominent politician Bo Xilai , a fallen political leader He "  is probably the most hated " figure among Beijing leadership for going to the Americans
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia is no stranger to bombings such as the one that rocked two luxury hotels in Jakarta on Friday . Indonesian counter-terrorist police commandos secure the damaged Ritz-Carlton hotel in Jakarta . As authorities sift through the rubble of the JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton hotels , which were struck by bombs that killed at least eight people , some could not help but think about past bombings in the Southeast Asian country . In 2002 , a bombing at two night clubs on the island of Bali killed 202 people , mostly foreign tourists . More than 300 people -- many of them young Australians on vacation -- were wounded by the massive blasts in the town of Kuta . Dozens of victims were burned beyond recognition or blown to pieces . The bombing was blamed on Jemaah Islamiyah -- a terror group with ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda terrorist network . The group is suspected in other bombings . Many of those convicted in the plot were sentenced to death or life in prison . In August 2003 , the same JW Marriott Hotel that was attacked Friday was bombed , killing 12 . The Australian Embassy in Jakarta was targeted in 2004 . A powerful car bomb shook Jakarta 's central business district , blowing a hole through the embassy 's security gate , killing at least eight people and wounding about 168 . A year later , three suicide bombers targeted two tourist spots on the resort island of Bali . The bombings -- two at the cafes near Jimbaran Beach and one at a restaurant in Kuta 's main square -- killed 19 people and wounded at least 132 , according to hospital officials . Despite the string of bombings , presidential spokesman Dino Patti Djalal said Indonesia has made strides in addressing terrorist groups . Watch an eyewitness report of the blasts " "  We have made significant progress in curbing the activities of terrorists , " the spokesman said . Watch a report on suspects behind the blasts " "  In recent years , we have several preventative successes in arresting terrorist cells just before they were able to make their attacks . And we have not had an attack since the Bali bombing several years ago . But this is a blow . This is a blow to us . But we will find out the perpetrators . "	In 2002 , a bombing at two night clubs on the island of Bali killed 202 people Bombing blamed on Jemaah Islamiyah , a terror group with ties to al Qaeda In 2003 , the same JW Marriott Hotel attacked Friday was bombed , killing 12 Presidential spokesman says Indonesia has made strides in addressing terrorism
CNN  -- Genoa prevented city rivals Sampdoria from moving into Serie A 's top three after triumphing 3-0 in a fiery derby on Saturday that saw three players sent off . The home side moved up to fifth place , just a point behind the Blucerchiati . Omar Milanetto put Genoa ahead from the penalty spot in the 10th minute Reto Ziegler was ruled to have fouled Rodrigo Palacio , then the Sampdoria player managed to hit his own post trying to clear Giuseppe Sculli 's low cross . Giuseppe Biava had a header tipped onto the crossbar by Samp goalkeeper Luca Castellazzi , but he was then sent off just before halftime after receiving a second yellow card for deliberate handball . Marco Rossi doubled the lead in the 53rd minute , passing the ball through Castellazzi 's legs after evading the hapless Ziegler , who gave away his second penalty of the night in the 75th minute for a foul on Sokratis Papastathopoulos . Raffaele Palladino made it 3-0 from the spot , while the visitors ended the game with nine men when Fabrizio Cacciatore was red-carded with two minutes left as tempers flared . In Saturday 's other game , top scorer Antonio Di Natale returned from suspension to inspire Udinese to a 2-0 win at home to struggling Livorno . He curled in a 29th-minute freekick before Antonio Floro Flores made it 2-0 with a header from Aleksander Lukovic 's cross 10 minutes later , lifting Udinese up to 12th and leaving Livorno in the bottom three . Meanwhile , third-placed AC Milan will be without right-back Massimo Oddo for the rest of this year due to a thigh injury suffered in the Champions League clash with Marseille . The 33-year-old was replaced by Ignazio Abate 28 minutes into the 1-1 draw at the San Siro last Wednesday , which left Milan two points behind group leaders Real Madrid ahead of the final match away to Swiss side Zurich on December 8 .	Genoa prevent city rivals Sampdoria from moving into Serie A 's top three Home side win 3-0 in derby that sees three players sent off and move up to fifth Antonio Di Natale returns from ban to inspire Udinese to a 2-0 win over Livorno AC Milan will be without injured right-back Massimo Oddo for the rest of this year
CNN  -- He walked down the red carpet and left to a standing ovation -- it seems David Beckham continues to write his own script . After his cameo performance for Paris Saint-Germain last Sunday , Beckham played 86 minutes of his side 's 2-0 win over Marseille in the French Cup Wednesday . The 37-year-old , who signed a five month deal with the club in January , showed he still has the fitness to compete at the top level with an impressive performance . Beckham plays classic cameo role Not even a yellow card for the former England captain could tarnish the evening as Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's double sent PSG through to the last eight . After entering the stadium via an Oscar like red carpet parade , Beckham started in midfield against the team he faced in the league just days ago . Beckham ` excited ' On that occasion , he managed just 14 minutes , but manager Carlo Ancelotti gave the player every opportunity to impress . And while he displayed his characteristic style of passing , it was a through ball from Clement Chantome which released Ibrahimovic to fire home a 35th minute opener . The Swede grabbed his second 19 minutes into the second half , slotting home from the penalty spot to wrap up a comfortable victory . In Spain 's Copa del Rey , Atletico Madrid booked its place in the final against city rival Real Madrid thanks to a 2-2 draw at Sevilla . Atletico , which is second in the league under manager Diego Simeone , arrived protecting a 2-1 lead from the first leg . And it quickly got into its stride with just six minutes gone when Diego Costa 's fierce effort flew into the corner from 20-yards . Sevilla was facing an uphill task and that was increased further when Radamel Falcao swept home from close range with 29 minutes on the clock . But the home side refused to buckle and Jesus Navas produced a wonderful curling effort to reduce the deficit before the interval . Costa should have ended the contest on 54 minutes but somehow slid his effort wide of the far post when he looked certain to score . Sevilla had chances of its own with Alvaro Negredo also going close , before Ivan Rakitic 's late strike made it 2-2 on the night , but it was not enough as the visitor progressed 4-3 on aggregate . Arsenal blown away by Bayern In the German Cup , Bayern Munich continued its impressive run of form to make the last four after it overcame Borussia Dortmund 1-0 thanks to an Arjen Robben strike . Robben 's goal sealed Bayern 's first triumph over Dortmund in three years following a run of six games without a win going back to February 2010 . Meanwhile , UEFA has dismissed Schalke 's protest over the eligibility of Galatasaray striker Didier Drogba to play in the Champions League . "  Having examined all the documents of the case , the Control and Disciplinary Body decided to reject the protest lodged by Schalke , " said a UEFA statement . The German side had claimed that the former Chelsea striker had not been registered in time to qualify for the knockout phase of the competition . Drogba , 34 , made his European debut for the Turkish club during the last 16 first leg tie on February 20 which finished 1-1 . Had Galatasaray been found guilty of fielding an ineligible player , it would have been handed a 3-0 deficit going into the second leg in Gelsenkirchen on March 12 . Elsewhere , Lazio was fined $ 52,500 and ordered to play their next two home games in Europe behind closed doors . The punishment comes after its fans were accused of throwing fireworks and displaying racist behavior in the Europa League contest against Borussia Moenchengladbach on February 21 . That means the Italian club will play Stuttgart on March 14 behind closed doors as well as its next home tie . Arsenal has announced that it will unveil a statue of Dennis Bergkamp in honor of the former striker 's contribution to the club . Bergkamp , who scored 120 goals in 423 appearances for the club following his move from Inter Milan in 1995 , said : "  Everyone knows that I love Arsenal and that I had a fantastic time at the club . "  I am honored that this is going to happen . "	David Beckham plays 86 minutes on full debut for Paris Saint-Germain Atletico Madrid into Copa del Rey final Bayern Munich defeats Borussia Dortmund for first time in three years UEFA dismisses Schalke protest over Drogba eligibility
London , England  CNN  -- A secret document that appears to show that Iran was working on building nuclear weapons as recently as 2007 is "  alarming " and "  part of a body of evidence backing up deep concerns over Iran 's nuclear program , " a Western diplomatic source with knowledge of the papers told CNN on Monday . The International Atomic Energy Agency , the United Nations nuclear watchdog , has a copy of the secret papers , which were also obtained by the Times of London , the source said . IAEA officials confirm they are investigating the document but said they have not formally asked Iran for more information about it . A top international nuclear expert said it seemed to point to Iranian efforts to build a bomb . "  The only realistic use of this is in a nuclear weapon , " said David Albright , the president of the Institute for Science and International Security . "  It shows that either Iran is developing the capability -LSB- to build nuclear weapons -RSB- or it is moving to implement a bomb program -- and either one is bad , " said Albright , who reviewed the document for the Times before the newspaper published its report Sunday . But Albright warned that the document is edited and has no date on it . The source who gave it to the Times said it was from 2007 , but neither the Times nor the ISIS was able to date it definitively , Albright said . In Iran , Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said the Times ' "  claim that Iran is working on the final and important component of a nuclear bomb is false and not worth paying any attention to , " the semi-official Fars news agency reported . "  This type of statement is made in the media to put political and psychological pressure -LSB- on Iran -RSB- by the officials of various countries , " Mehmanparast said , according to the Fars report . United States intelligence concluded in 2007 that Iran had suspended work on its nuclear weapons program in 2003 . In the National Intelligence Estimate released in December 2007 , the U.S. intelligence community dramatically reversed course from its 2005 evaluation . It expressed "  high confidence " in 2005 that the Islamic Republic was working toward nuclear weapons , then two years later said -- also with "  high confidence " -- that Iran had stopped its weapons program in 2003 . Iran denies seeking to build nuclear weapons , saying its nuclear program is to produce civilian energy and medical research . But it is under intense pressure from the international community , with Britain and France saying last week they would push for stronger U.N. sanctions on Tehran . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would n't comment on the secret document Monday , but told reporters that concerns about Iran 's nuclear program "  have been heightened already " in recent months after revelations of a once-secret nuclear enrichment facility near the Iranian city of Qom , and Iran 's Cabinet authorizing the construction of at least 10 new nuclear production facilities . She said the Obama administration has taken a "  dual-track " approach to Iran , including the offer of engagement and taking part in nuclear talks . "  We 've been at the table . But I do n't think anyone can doubt that our outreach has produced very little in terms of any kind of positive response from the Iranians , " Clinton said , adding that the second approach -- the international pressure -- is key to pushing Iranian officials to change "  their actions and decisions concerning the nuclear program . " Mehrdad Khonsari , a former Iranian diplomat , says the revelation about the document "  means , essentially ... that the Iranians have been lying to everybody " when they said they were not seeking to build nuclear weapons . Khonsari said it was no accident that this document appeared when it did . "  The fact that the document comes out at this time makes it very difficult for Russia and China not to go along with more sanctions , " he said . It would also make it easier for "  Israel to go ahead with a unilateral strike " on Iran 's nuclear facilities , he added . "  The agenda will change as a result of the publication of this document unless the document is proven to be false by the Iranian authorities , " said Khonsari , who is now a senior research consultant at the Center for Arab and Iranian Studies . Khonsari -- who left Iran after the Islamic Revolution in 1979 -- has not seen the original document but said the material published by the Times "  is what an authentic document would look like . " "  It places pressure on the Iranian government to try to use what time remains to get out of this situation , " he said . According to a report dated Monday on the Web site of Albright 's group , a neutron initiator is a critical component of a nuclear weapon . The ISIS report said the device "  would most likely be placed at the center of a fission bomb made from weapon-grade uranium " and "  works by the high explosives compressing the nuclear core and the initiator " to produce a "  spurt of neutrons " as a result of fusion . "  The neutrons flood the core of weapon-grade uranium and initiate the chain reaction , " the ISIS report said . Albright said the document described efforts to "  research and test a neutron initiator , " a nuclear component for which he could not see "  any civil use . " "  They appear to be doing the right things , " he said . "  But you do n't know how it fits into a nuclear weapons program . " He also said the public had failed to understand a key part of the debate about Iran 's nuclear program . "  It 's not whether there is something or nothing , but whether there is a capabilities focus or an actual decision to build nuclear weapons , " he said . "  It 's not like an on-off switch , it 's like a dimmer control . " CNN Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Iran calls claim of work on nuclear bomb part "  false and not worth paying any attention to " Papers reinforce "  deep concerns over Iran 's nuclear program , " source says It says U.N. nuke watchdog has a copy of papers , which Times of London also obtained IAEA says it 's investigating document , has n't formally asked Iran for more information about it
CNN  -- Singer Stephen Gately , a member of the Irish band Boyzone , died of natural causes , a court spokeswoman on the Spanish island of Majorca said Tuesday . Stephen Gately died Saturday while he and his partner were visiting the Spanish island of Majorca . The court spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified , said Gately , 33 , died Saturday of acute pulmonary edema , according to preliminary autopsy reports . There was no sign of violence in his death , the spokeswoman said . The judge has authorized Gately 's family to transfer the body out of Spain , the spokeswoman added . According to the Mayo Clinic , pulmonary edema is caused by excess fluid in the lungs . The fluid collects in the lungs ' air sacs , making it difficult to breathe . Gately 's partner , Andrew Cowles , testified before an investigating magistrate for about 15 minutes Tuesday , while the autopsy was conducted nearby at the island 's forensic institute , the court spokeswoman said . Authorities will send samples from the body to a laboratory in Barcelona . Meanwhile , the court will hear testimony from other witnesses , the court spokeswoman said . The case will be shelved judicially only after the definitive laboratory results have been received , confirming the presumed natural death , the spokeswoman said . Health Library : What is pulmonary edema ? In a statement on the Boyzone Web site , Gately 's fellow bandmates , Ronan Keating , Keith Duffy , Mikey Graham and Shane Lynch said : "  We are completely devastated by the loss of our friend and brother , Stephen . We have shared such wonderful times together over the years and were all looking forward to sharing many more . "  Stephen was a beautiful person in both body and spirit . He lit up our lives and those of the many friends he had all over the world . Our love and sympathy go out to Andrew and Stephen 's family . We love you and will miss you forever , ` Steo . ' " Boyzone made history in the United Kingdom with 16 consecutive Top Five hits , according to Ticketmaster 's Web site . It 's one of Ireland 's best-selling bands , with six No. 1 singles in the United Kingdom , and four No. 1 albums , Ticketmaster said . The group , which separated in 2000 to pursue solo projects , reunited in 2008 . Its greatest hits album -- "  Back Again ... No Matter What " -- was released last year . Gately joined the band in 1993 after answering an audition ad . "  A lot of people did n't think we would make it out of Ireland back then , " he said previously on the group 's Web site . "  We were overwhelmed when Boyzone began to take off , it was incredible . " CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this story .	Boyzone singer Stephen Gately , 33 , died Saturday in Majorca Cause was acute pulmonary edema , preliminary autopsy showed Judge authorizes family to transfer body out of Spain Boyzone had six No. 1 singles in U.K. , four No. 1 albums
TRION , Georgia  CNN  -- The Dodge Neon sped down Interstate 40 in eastern Oklahoma , its occupants heading to Phoenix , Arizona , to buy a load of dope . It was May 2005 . The couple brought along methamphetamine , cocaine and marijuana to help pass the time on the long journey . Paul Faulkner , 83 , and his son , Michael Smith , were convicted in a drug smuggling ring in north Georgia . At that moment , Detective Rob Rumble had no clue that the traffic stop he was about to make would launch a years-long drug investigation stretching more than 2,000 miles , from the remote mountains of northwest Georgia all the way down to Mexico . The investigation showed how an 83-year-old grandfather adapted to the times , morphing from old school bootlegging to dealing Mexican dope . His son acted as the ringleader of the operation . His grandson was tied in too , authorities say . "  I 've seen it all . Nothing surprises me , " said Rumble , a drug investigator for the district attorney 's office in east-central Oklahoma . After making that traffic stop , Rumble persuaded the nervous , lanky driver from Georgia to work with authorities and tell everything he knew . Investigators were led to a sleepy pocket of Georgia with scenic mountain views where people wave to strangers from their cars and where some homes still fly the Confederate flag . Watch moonshine , marijuana and a family feud " It 's the last place one might expect drugs from Mexico . But the demand for drugs is reaching even the most remote corners of America . Their story has all the intrigue of a classic Southern novel -- three generations of a family business on the wrong side of the law , complete with an old fashioned family feud . "  When they 're in that type of business , there 's a reckoning day -- and apparently this is it , " said Benny Perry , the 78-year-old mayor of Trion , Georgia , one of the towns where the family was operating . Perry is a barrel-chested man and speaks in a welcoming Southern accent . "  I 'll say this , I was completely surprised , " he said . "  I felt like we had a problem here , but I would n't have thought it was originating in Mexico and coming here . " The drugs , mostly marijuana , were trucked from Mexico through California and Arizona and then distributed across five counties in Georgia and one in Tennessee , authorities say . They were hidden in just about anything -- furniture , roofs of big-rigs and tire wells . Once the shipments arrived , the dope was put in 50-caliber ammunition cans and buried in the woods , where buyers would pick up the stash and leave behind thousands in cash , authorities say . See where the family operated " At the heart of the operation was 46-year-old Michael Leon Smith , who authorities say became one of the richest men in Chattooga County , population 25,000 , as he laundered his drug money by buying up dozens of pieces of property . One tract of land sits on Old Justice Road , an ironic name considering the law finally caught up with him . Smith 's 83-year-old father , Paul Leon Faulkner , was also busted . Eight others , including Faulkner 's grandson  Smith 's nephew  , pleaded guilty to an array of charges related to the drug ring . The drugs mostly involved marijuana , but methamphetamine and cocaine were also part of the smuggling operation , authorities say . "  We love it when somebody says they ca n't be caught , " said Del Thomasson , a special agent with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation who worked the case . Faulkner , who is suffering from cancer , was handed a 20-year sentence last month and is to head to prison in August . "  Twenty years , that is a death sentence , " said Giles Jones , Faulkner 's attorney , adding that he has appealed the sentence . He said Faulkner was a "  full-time mountain shiner " who could talk moonshine until he was "  blue in the face , " but knew little about the Mexican marijuana operation . Jones said the old man 's son "  threw his ass under the bus " to save himself . "  It 's a situation where I guess you 're just looking out for yourself . It 's every day as every day , man , " said Jones . Not so fast , said Cathy Alterman , the defense attorney for Smith , Faulkner 's son . "  Michael did n't throw his father under the bus . His father threw Michael down the drain when he was 16 years old , " Alterman said . "  If the father got a longer sentence , it 's because he 's a lousy father . ... He was never there for his son , except to be a bad example . " Smith is serving a nine-year sentence in federal prison in Montgomery , Alabama . Faulkner 's grandson is also serving a nine-year sentence . There is no parole in the federal system . Alterman said the sentences are excessive for people involved in dealing marijuana , a substance she says should be legalized . iReport.com : Time to legalize pot ? "  Michael 's a wonderful family man , a Christian -- which means a lot to him , a very religious man . And I point out that in the Bible , God gave us every seed-bearing plant , and I think Michael looked at it that way . And , unfortunately , our government since 1937 has not seen it as a God-given right . " Alterman is a defense attorney in suburban Atlanta , Georgia . She says about 90 percent of her clients are accused drug dealers , "  most of them out of Mexico . " Asked if Smith was dealing with people tied to Mexico 's ruthless cartels , Alterman said , "  Yes . " Learn more about Mexican cartels " "  When you 're selling in quantity -- all right , and Michael was selling in quantity -- you need someone who is able to give you a regular supply at a reasonable price , and so eventually Michael did end up buying from people who were from Mexico . " The cartels are so organized , the money so great , that when an operation like this family 's is taken down , it does n't take long for others to move in . "  Within 24 hours , if someone 's arrested , someone else here already in the United States in the trade will take their place , " Alterman said . "  America does not know that the fingers of the cartels are basically around the throat of America , " she added , "  and it has spread out to rural America just as much as the inner city of Detroit . " Authorities agree . Nearly every rural community is facing a similar battle , with drug dealers taking up shop in small towns where law enforcement has less of a presence and where the nation 's highways make for easy transport . "  I think people should care about what happens in a rural area , because let 's face it , there are more rural areas than there are cities . Our community is not the only one affected , " said GBI agent Thomasson . A Justice Department study released last year showed Mexican cartels had a presence in 230 U.S. cities , stretching from the U.S.-Mexican border to the Southeast and as far north as Alaska . The nation 's rural communities are increasingly affected . See the cartels ' urban hubs "  Historically , rural America uses more alcohol and less drugs . That is changing , " said Dr. H. Westley Clark , the director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment . There have been few comprehensive studies over the last decade looking at the problem of drugs in rural America . According to a 2006 report by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , the use of illicit drugs in America is nearly the same in cities and rural areas , 8.7 percent compared to 7.8 percent respectively . Another report , in 2000 by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University , found that eighth-graders living in rural America were 34 percent more likely to smoke marijuana than in urban centers and 83 percent more likely to use crack cocaine . In Trion , a town of about 2,000 people , a sign sits at the edge of the community in support of the local K-12 school . It reads , "  Trion Bulldogs deserve a drug free community to live and grow !! " The words "  drug free " are underlined . Many here are shocked to hear drugs from Mexico are coming through . Most do n't like to talk on the record about the case because the family was well-known , even well-liked . "  You got a guy who 's a drug dealer , but you have good people in a community . I mean , they do n't have a clue what 's going on , " Thomasson said . The town 's mayor , Perry , said it 's difficult to reconcile a "  cordial " local family with the serious drug convictions . "  You could talk to -LSB- them -RSB- ... and they would speak back , " he said of Faulkner and Smith . "  That 's a big thing up here in a small town . If you speak to somebody and they do n't speak back , you think , ` Well , something 's wrong here . ' " Perry said local authorities are trying "  to stamp out the local demand , " adding , "  As long as we 've got a market for it , they 're gon na bring it up here . " Alterman , the defense attorney , agrees . "  Americans are screaming for drugs " and there 's millions to be made , she said . "  There 's too much money involved . "	10 people , including grandpa , son and grandson , convicted on serious drug charges 83-year-old former moonshiner gets 20 years ; son who led operation gets 9 years Attorney : "  If the father got a longer sentence , it 's because he 's a lousy father " Authorities say case is a microcosm of what 's happening across rural America
CNN  -- "  Hello , my name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . " Not a day goes by without someone asking Mandy Patinkin to say this famous and oft-repeated line . Despite Patinkin 's numerous other accomplishments and recent hit turn on the Showtime drama "  Homeland , " "  The Princess Bride " is what people want to hear from him , "  and I never let them down , " he told CNN . "  I get asked for that line , too , " laughed Chris Sarandon , who played the dastardly Prince Humperdinck . "  They always want me to quote Mandy , or Wally Shawn : ` Inconceivable ! ' And once in a great while , I get a plea for ` I 'm swamped . ' " "  A girl once showed me a tattoo of ` As you wish ' on the back of her neck , " said Cary Elwes , who played Westley . Such is the love -- some might even say true love -- for "  The Princess Bride . " The New York Film Festival celebrated the film 's 25th anniversary  and release on Blu-Ray  on Tuesday with a special screening and cast reunion at Lincoln Center . En route to the event from LAX , even Billy Crystal was told , "  Have fun storming the castle "  in reference to his cameo as Miracle Max  when he showed his boarding pass . It 's a line , by the way , that an army sergeant told Elwes that he tells his men when they leave the barracks to rile up the infantry . ` Princess Bride ' star : Every woman wants to hear ` As you wish ' "  So many different generations find this movie not only appealing , but have such a strong affection for it , " Sarandon said . "  It 's a film people see when they 're young , and then they watch it with their own kids . Someone even told me that they hired an actor , got him ordained online , and had him perform a marriage ceremony exactly the way it is in the movie . "  "  Mawwiage is what bwings us together ... " Along with director Rob Reiner and author and screenwriter William Goldman , the "  Princess Bride " cast -- including Robin Wright  Buttercup  , Wallace Shawn  Vizzini  and Carol Kane  Valerie  -- reminisced about the making of the film , which they had n't seen with an audience since before its release , and a small private screening for friends at that , since it did n't have a big premiere back in 1987 . The Cliffs of Insanity ? Made of rubber . The Rodents of Unusual Size ? Played by little people , one with a talent for scurrying , one with a talent for lumbering , and one with a talent for getting arrested . And that sword fight between Inigo and Westley as the Dread Pirate Roberts ? Done for real . "  Our greatest pride is that there 's not a single stunt man doing a single move except for the flip in the air , " Patinkin said . "  I trained with an Olympic fencing coach for two months with just my left hand -- it 's like ballet first position , second position -- and then Cary and I trained for four more months , so six months together , for 10 hours a day . Except for the flip , we did everything . " Elwes revealed another talent that in addition to sword fighting cinched him the job in the first place -- a dead-on Bill Cosby imitation . "  I had no idea if he had a sense of humor , but he looked the part , " Reiner said . "  And when he did schtick , I was surprised . Wow , this beautiful looking kid , he looks like Douglas Fairbanks , and he does schtick ! " Elwes demonstrated his sense of humor at last December 's Jason Reitman-organized stage reading of "  The Princess Bride , " when he played the part of Prince Humperdinck instead of Westley , allowing that role to go to Paul Rudd . "  And I did a dreadful job , " Elwes told CNN , laughing . "  I was awful . It was so hard stepping into those shoes , and it was so weird because Paul Rudd was being me and doing a better job than me , two chairs down . So it was a very surreal experience . "  Upon hearing this , Sarandon deadpanned , "  Oh , I 've got to talk to Cary now . I want to hear what he did with me , if he screwed me over or not . " Even though "  The Princess Bride " is "  a perfect movie , " as Kane called it , Goldman has been toying around with the idea of a follow-up , which is mentioned in the later editions of the novel , some of which feature a sample chapter of "  Buttercup 's Baby . " "  See , I told him he should call it ` Humperdinck 's Revenge ! ' " Sarandon joked . "  I smell a sequel ! " Elwes laughed . The plot involves the kidnapping of Buttercup and Westley 's daughter , Waverly , and at first it was a fiction  along with other faux-dramas Goldman created as part of the "  Bride " - verse  , but then it started to become a reality of sorts . "  I 've been trying to write it , " Goldman admitted , "  and it 's a total failure . I was looking at it today before coming -LSB- to the reunion -RSB- . All I can say is that I would love some day to have written it . " If Goldman can finish the book , and if the book were to ever be turned into a movie , count on most of the original cast members to make cameos . "  If they call me , I 'm there , " Patinkin promised . "  Ask me ! " Sarandon begged . "  I would probably find myself begging to do a cameo in anything Goldman wrote , " Kane said . "  And I would riff all day long -LSB- with Billy Crystal -RSB- if he would let me . " Crystal noted that he had several unused lines that ended up on the cutting room floor that he 'd be happy to trot out , such as , "  Do n't bother me , sonny . I had a bad day . I found my nephew with a sheep . "  Would that be as memorable ? He 's not worried , because there 's no danger of any sequel tarnishing the original anytime soon . "  I 'm in something that is really important , that is so beautifully made , and it 's all about the right things , " he told the audience . "  What better life is that for the life of a movie ? That 's the ` As you wish ' for the movie . " ` The Princess Bride ' : Anything but ` mostly dead ' in the hearts of viewers	"  The Princess Bride " cast reunited to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the film Actors say they are still asked to quote dialogue There has been talk of a sequel
CNN  -- The Williams sisters cruised into the second round of the U.S. Open but their fellow former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki became the highest-profile casualty of the women 's draw in New York . Wimbledon and Olympic champion Serena Williams defied windy conditions to thrash fellow American Coco Vandeweghe 6-1 6-1 in just 55 minutes on Tuesday to set up a match against experienced Spaniard Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez . "  The match was so weird , the conditions were so tough , I could n't really play my game . She could n't really play her game . It 's not the best opportunity to grade yourself , " said fourth seed Williams , who also beat 2008 U.S. Open girls ' champion Vandeweghe in the final of the Stanford tournament in July before heading back to Wimbledon for London 2012 . Serena won the U.S. Open for the third time in 2008 , and older sibling Venus is seeking to match that feat . The 32-year-old , unseeded after falling to 46th in the rankings after being diagnosed an auto-immune disease this time last year , began her bid by beating compatriot Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-3 6-1 . "  There comes a point when you have to start realizing you ca n't play through everything , " said Williams , who next faces a tough test in the form of German sixth seed Angelique Kerber . "  For me that 's been just about a year , year and a half that I 've finally gotten smart . " Wimbledon semifinalist Kerber , who beat Venus in Madrid and then at the Olympics , thrashed Britain 's Anne Keothavong 6-2 6-0 . "  I have to put a lot of balls in the court and execute my game well if I want to win against her , " Williams said . Wozniacki has dropped from the top of the rankings to ninth since last year 's U.S. Open , and the Dane 's hopes of winning a first grand slam title seem further away than ever . She reached the New York final in 2009 , but on Tuesday lost 6-2 6-2 to 96th-ranked Romanian Irina-Camelia Begu to suffer her second successive first-round exit at a grand slam . "  I think it 's a temporary issue , " said the 22-year-old , who played with a strapped knee after pulling out during hersemifinal at last week 's New Haven tournament . "  Hopefully it will get better quickly . It 's frustrating to have some injuries , but it happens to everyone . It 's just about moving on . " Begu , who turned 22 on Sunday , was the WTA Tour 's newcomer of the year in 2011 but has dropped from a career-high ranking of 38th . She will next play 58th-ranked Spaniard Silvia Soler-Espinosa , who reached the third round last year . Former French Open champion Francesca Schiavone was the other big name to depart on Tuesday as the Italian 22nd seed lost to American teenager Sloane Stephens -- touted by many as the natural successor to the Williams sisters . Stephens will next play 141st-ranked German Tatjana Malek , who reached the second round in New York for the first time . The 19-year-old has surged up the rankings to 44th , building on her third-round achievement at last year 's U.S. Open with a similar showing at Wimbledon and a last-16 appearance at Roland Garros . Polish second seed Agnieszka Radwanska needed just 54 minutes to dispatch Russian debutant Nina Bratchikova 6-1 6-1 . The Wimbledon finalist has lost in the second round at Flushing Meadows for the past three years , and this time faces unseeded Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro -- who reached the last 16 in 2011 . "  I 'm just very happy that I could give it my best in the first match . It 's always difficult for the first match , " said the 23-year-old , whose younger sister Urzsula lost to Italian 20th seed Roberta Vinci . "  It 's always a bit harder because the people expect you to play well and go far in the tournament . But I 'm just trying not to really think about pressure and just do my best . " Former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic beat Ukrainian Elina Svitolina 6-3 6-3 to set up a clash with Sweden 's Sofia Arvidsson . The Serbian 12th seed has never been past the fourth round in New York , her worst showing at the four grand slams . "  My big goal is to break the fourth round and get into quarterfinals . Obviously that 's something I 'm working hard . It 's not easy , but I really tried to focus on taking it one match at a time , because sometimes when you get overexcited it does n't really work for you the way you hope for , " she said . American 21st seed Christina McHale exited , losing 6-4 4-6 6-3 to 20-year-old Dutch debutant Kiki Bertens , while Austrian No. 29 Tamira Paszek and China 's No. 32 Peng Shuai also departed .	Serena and Venus Williams reach second round at the U.S. Open Venus next faces German sixth seed Angelique Kerber in New York World No. 9 Caroline Wozniacki sufffers another early grand slam exit Polish second seed Radwanska through after easy first round win
CNN  -- Sure you can wear T-shirts and shorts almost anywhere you go in St. Augustine , Florida . You would n't be in the Sunshine State if you could n't . But it would be a serious mistake to write this small Atlantic Coast city off as just another sandy tourist trap . Yes , the beaches are beautiful . Yes , there are kitschy bars and a requisite gator farm in the area . But this remarkable city -- the oldest , continuously populated European-settled city in the continental United States -- boasts a fascinating military history , an abundance of ornate Spanish architecture and a European-style historical district that is best accessed by foot or bicycle . Start with a stroll down Aviles Street , a picturesque brick lane deemed the oldest street in the oldest city . 50 United States , 50 amazing spots It 's so narrow that locals often refer to the RVs that tourists sometimes try to squeeze through as "  balcony killers . " Palm trees peek their top-heavy heads out from behind European-style buildings housing art galleries , curio shops and cafes with cheerful outdoor seating . "  Best ambiance in the city is anywhere on that street , " says local historian and unofficial St. Augustine guide Roger Smith . Make sure to duck into the many small gardens tucked into courtyards and alcoves along the downtown streets . These beautiful shady respites -- often featuring moss-covered statuary and a bench or two -- are every bit as lovely as something you 'd discover in New Orleans or Charleston , and they offer a moment of shelter from the Florida heat . Next , check out the Gonzalez-Alvarez House on St. Francis Street . It is a well-restored double-level home with two coquina fireplaces and a second-level porch . The oldest surviving Spanish Colonial home in the state , this residence has been occupied since the 1600s , and offers tourists a glimpse at how people survived in the sweltering tropical heat and of what possessions families valued most , including a crude water purification system that stands outside one of the exterior doors . Witness the rich legacy Not only is St. Augustine steeped in history , it 's a city that is actively discovering itself every day . Nowhere is this more evident than in the ongoing excavations at Ponce de Leon 's Fountain of Youth Archaeological Park . As you walk paths lined with Spanish moss-laden oaks and tall , proud palm trees , you can imagine what famed explorer Ponce de Leon felt as he came ashore here in 1513 in search of his legendary Fountain of Youth . Spanish General Pedro MenÃ © ndez de AvilÃ © s followed Ponce de Leon 's path and founded the colony of St. Augustine in 1565 on this site where an ancient Native American  Timucua  village stood . Today , visitors can watch archaeologists unearth artifacts , tour a detailed replica of the first Franciscan friars ' Mission de Nombre de Dios and see a live 16th-century weapons display , including a daily cannon firing . St. Augustine spent nearly 200 years under Spanish rule and served as an important defender of Spain 's trade routes along the Atlantic . One of the most impressive historical legacies of this military history is the grand Castillo de San Marcos , a masonry fort built starting in 1672 following a vicious attack by the pirate Robert Searle which left dozens dead and many St. Augustine homes , buildings and churches ransacked . The highly fortified military installation also once housed the mighty Native American leader Osceola . Today , visitors can wander the fortress or catch a historical re-enactment of a colony battle . The fort itself is built out of coquina , a type of rock found on nearby Anastasia Island that is formed from seashells and tiny mollusks , whose secretions form limestone . The material absorbs shock so well that cannonballs lobbed at the fort tended to bounce off the thick walls or stick in them , according to historian Smith . Look in on an opulent era St. Augustine 's glitzy phase was ushered in in the 1880s when oil tycoon Henry Flagler , seeking a warmer climate for his ailing wife , was charmed by this curious beach town . Flagler decided to turn St. Augustine into a destination for the wealthy and famous . Among other things , he built the opulent Ponce de Leon Hotel , a stunning example of Spanish Renaissance architecture and one of the first buildings in the nation to have electricity . The hotel 's luxurious ballroom is ringed by Tiffany stained glass windows , carved wooden columns and murals painted by artist George W. Maynard . " -LSB- Flagler -RSB- really spearheaded the idea of hotels for wealthy people from the north to spend the winter down here , " says Susan Richbourg Parker , director of St. Augustine 's Historical Society . "  It was the Gilded Age and there was a lot of wealth . It was important for the wealthy to see and be seen and they could do that at Flagler 's hotel . " Today , the Ponce de Leon is restored to its authentic origins , but it no longer operates as a hotel . Instead , the grand building serves as the centerpiece of Flagler College , and houses a women 's residence hall , dining facility and security office . Public tours of the college are available from May to December and cost $ 10 per adult . Explore the outdoors Spending some time on the picturesque beaches ought to be a high priority on any trip to St. Augustine , and the best place to start is with a visit to the St. Augustine Lighthouse & Museum . This magnificent maritime marvel is a daunting 219 steps to the top , but the payoff is a breathtaking panorama of St. Augustine and the Florida coastline . General Admission for adults is $ 9.75 ; kids taller than 44 inches are admitted for $ 7.75 . Be sure to browse the many specialty tours  at additional cost  this facility offers , including a romantic sunset/moonrise tour . For some good toes-in-the-ocean fun , head to the pristine Anastasia State Park where you can find miles of unspoiled beaches , biking paths , tidal pools and campground facilities . Wade in the warm waters and watch local bird species like laughing gulls and least terns skim the sands . And there 's plenty of fun for the kids , too . Do n't miss the St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park , where you can ride a zip line high in the air over the gators .  Adult tickets $ 22.95 ; $ 11.95 for kids ages 3 to 11  . Or head to the St. Augustine Pirate and Treasure Museum , which houses a well-maintained collection of authentic pirate artifacts .  Adult tickets are $ 13.99 , youths , $ 6.99  . Stay and eat If you thought all St. Augustine served up were beautiful beaches and some cool history , you have n't tasted the homemade biscuits and peach butter at the Yard Bird Cafe on King Street in the downtown historic district . "  Most tourists do n't find -LSB- Yard Bird -RSB- , but they should , " says Allie Olsen , founder of the blog Simply St. Augustine . Sit in the restaurant 's charming outdoor area and load up on the blue crab quiche or the chicken biscuits . For a great cup of joe , hit up The Kookaburra , a self-described Aussie-American espresso bar featuring coffee drinks , hot chocolates , juices and a strong selection of Aussie pies  meat , veggie or brekkie  . For such a diminutive city -- there are only around 13,000 year-round residents -- this sandy enclave has an impressive array of good eats and swanky nightclubs to keep you well fed and hydrated . "  It 's a small town with big-city perks , " says blogger Olsen . "  And I get to wear my flip-flops year round . " Stave off afternoon hunger pangs with a trip to Crave , a food truck situated right on the water in downtown St. Augustine . This food truck serving healthy sandwiches , salads and wraps is only open for lunch , and , with any luck you 'll get there just in time to snag a picnic bench with an ocean view . For great seafood , try Catch 27 , a Southern-style restaurant where the traditional shrimp and grits wo n't disappoint . For unusual libations in a vintage 1920s loft space , sidle up to the bar at Ice Plant . And locals swear the best place to listen to terrific tunes and get busy on the dance floor is the Tradewinds Lounge . "  It looks divey from the front , but the house band is amazing , " says local historian Smith . "  The former lead guitarist with Santana plays here from time-to-time . Jimmy Buffett will come in occasionally ... rumor has it , when Buffett was coming up in the ranks , he got booed here . So he 'll come in , but he never plays , " says Smith . At the end of a long evening , check into the Bayfront Marin House bed and breakfast in the downtown area . This charming waterfront inn is brimming with elegance and stunning views , and , in the balmiest months , serves complimentary homemade ice cream and margaritas . This B&B also offers free parking and complimentary bicycles to those guests who 'd prefer to ditch the car for an easier way to get around the city . Rates start at $ 229 for ocean view suites and $ 179 for smaller rooms .	The town of St. Augustine , Florida , dates back to 1565 There 's a wealth of Spanish architecture , a lighthouse and lovely Atlantic beaches Henry Flagler added some Gilded Age opulence to the city
CNN  -- Nothing gets conspiracy theorists going more than a passenger plane crashing under mysterious circumstances . In the absence of hard information to explain such disasters , people look for answers , and the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 early Saturday could prompt the same response . TWA Flight 800 fell out of the sky on July 17 , 1996 , shortly after leaving JFK International Airport , killing all 230 people on board . Recovery and investigative efforts were hampered because TWA 800 went down in the Atlantic . Some soon posited that terrorists armed with surface-to-air missiles had brought down the plane . This theory seemed to be bolstered by eyewitness accounts such as that provided by Naneen Levine , who said she saw something streaking up toward the doomed plane . "  I thought it was something on the beach going straight up . " Three months after the TWA crash , former ABC News correspondent Pierre Salinger , who had once been President John Kennedy 's press secretary , weighed in at a news conference that a U.S. Navy ship had brought down TWA 800 with a missile . Salinger came to this conclusion because of a document on the Internet making this claim . Bob Francis , the former vice chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board , said of Salinger , "  He was an idiot . ... He did n't know what he was talking about , and he was totally irresponsible . " Opinion : Why so few clues about missing Malaysia flight ? After a four-year investigation , the NTSB ruled that the TWA 800 crash was caused by "  an explosion of the center wing fuel tank , resulting from ignition of the flammable fuel/air mixture in the tank . " Three years after TWA 800 went down , EgyptAir Flight 990 left JFK International and soon plunged into the Atlantic , killing more than 200 people on board . Two competing theories about what happened emerged . The NTSB , widely regarded around the world as the most authoritative investigator of plane crashes , concluded after a three-year investigation that one of the Egyptian pilots , Gameel al-Batouti , had intentionally downed the plane . NTSB pointed to the fact that the downward trajectory of the plane was inconsistent with mechanical failure . Based on the recovered cockpit voice recorder , NTSB also underlined al-Batouti 's constant use of the phrase , "  I rely on God , " and his lack of surprise when the passenger jet suddenly began descending . In Egypt , this was not a popular view , and Egyptian officials pointed to supposed mechanical failure as the cause of the crash . The conspiracy theories that developed around TWA 800 were caused by unreliable eyewitness accounts and Internet rumor-mongering . In the case of EgyptAir 900 , Egyptian officials would not accept that an Egyptian pilot would commit suicide , killing many others , and came up with an alternative explanation for which there was scant evidence . In the case of the downing of Pan Am Flight 103 , there was a deliberate effort to inject a conspiracy theory into the narrative of the events . Pan Am 103 blew up over Scotland on December 21 , 1988 , because of a bomb in the hold , which killed 270 on board and others on the ground . Juval Aviv , who presented himself as a former Israeli counterterrorism official , was hired by Pan Am to investigate what happened . In his report , Aviv claimed to have proof that the murder of the passengers on Pan Am 103 was the result of a CIA sting operation that went awry , an assertion for which there was not a shred of evidence . Yet a piece partly based on Aviv 's fairy tale then ended up as a cover story in TIME magazine . The U.S. government later concluded that the attack was ordered by the Libyan government , something the Libyans would eventually concede was , in fact , true . The TWA 800 , EgyptAir 990 and Pan Am 103 cases represent the likely range of reasons that brought down Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 : mechanical failure , pilot actions or terrorism . Based on these past cases , we should be careful not to allow conspiracy theories about what happened to get too much play . The truth will come out only after a careful and lengthy investigation .	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared early Saturday with more than 200 aboard Peter Bergen says passenger jet disasters lead often to conspiracy theories He notes that people questioned government findings on TWA Flight 800 and Pan Am 103 Bergen : The truth will come out after a careful and lengthy investigation
CNN  -- Sometimes you get a good feeling about something . That 's what contestant Caitlin Burke , 26 , said after her remarkable "  Wheel of Fortune " solve that won her a Carribbean vacation . With just one letter revealed -- "  L " -- Burke correctly guessed the seven-word phrase : "  I 've got a good feeling about this . " Even Pat Sajak , the show 's host , was shocked , according to video from Sony Pictures Studios . "  Wait a minute . Let me get over this first , " he said , smiling . "  Is it just me , or was that the most amazing solve we 've ever had ? " Burke , who lives in New York , said she is a huge "  Wheel of Fortune " fan and often impresses her family and friends by solving puzzles when they watch at home . "  I 'm not bragging . There 's a million and one things I 'm not good at , but for some reason , I do n't know , I 've always just been really good at ` Wheel of Fortune , ' " she said . The show aired last week . When asked what advice she could offer to aspiring contestants , Burke said practice . "  Watch the show and think positive . " Appropriately , she added : "  If you have a good feeling about something , just go for it ! " CNN 's Jeanne Moos contributed to this report .	The remarkable win surprises even the game-show host , Pat Sajak Contestant Caitlin Burke wins a Caribbean vacation She solves the puzzle : "  I 've got a good feeling about this "
CNN  -- Breakaway conservative members of the Episcopal Church in the United States and its Canadian counterpart are expected to formally announce Wednesday the formation of a rival North American Anglican church . The consecration of Rev. Gene Robinson as bishop of New Hampshire left many conservatives disaffected . Leaders of the Common Cause Partnership , a network of more than 100,000 Anglican Christians in North America , are expected to unveil a draft constitution for a new ecclesiastical territorial division , or province , at an evening service in Wheaton Evangelical Free Church in Wheaton , Illinois , the group said in a written statement . "  The public release of our draft constitution is an important concrete step toward the goal of a biblical , missionary and united Anglican Church in North America , " Bishop Robert Duncan of the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , diocese , said in the written statement . The move comes after years of debate over issues from the interpretation of the Bible to homosexuality . Tensions reached a boiling point in 2003 , when the Episcopal Church consecrated an openly gay man , Rev. Gene Robinson , as bishop of New Hampshire . The move outraged worshippers with traditionalist tendencies , and since then , four dioceses and several parishes have left the Episcopalian Church , including Duncan 's Pittsburgh diocese . In all , the newly formed division will consist of about 100,000 members from the secessionist dioceses and parishes , along with splinter groups that had left the Episcopalian Church in earlier years , said Robert Lundy , a spokesman for the group "  This constitution brings them back together under one church , all aligned together , " Lundy said . "  This is all these folks coming back together . " Lunday said it was safe to say Duncan will lead the nascent province . An assembly is likely to be called next year to determine additional leadership , he said . The Rev. Dr. Charles K. Robertson , canon to the presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Katharine Jefferts Schori , issued a statement saying it would not hazard a guess as to the consequences of Wednesday 's service . "  We will not predict what will or will not come out of this meeting , but simply continue to be clear that the Episcopal Church , along with the Anglican Church of Canada and the La Iglesia Anglicana de Mexico , comprise the official , recognized presence of the Anglican Communion in North America , " he said . "  We reiterate what has been true of Anglicanism for centuries : that there is room within the Episcopal Church for people with different views , and we regret that some have felt the need to depart from the diversity of our common life in Christ . " The Episcopal Church is part of the Anglican Communion , which is composed of 38 provinces around the world . It was not immediately clear which of the other provinces would recognize the Anglican Church in North America , but Lundy said in a meeting last year in Jerusalem indicated that some would do so . Lundy said the draft constitution will state the province 's core beliefs and doctrine . He said it will not lay out definite policies for issues the leaders disagree on , such as ordaining women .	Network of breakaway traditionalists expected to announce formation of rival province Move comes after years of dispute over progressive direction of Episcopal Church Tipping point for many was consecration of gay man as bishop of New Hampshire New division expected to take in 100,000 from parishes that left Episcopal Church
CNN  -- The chairman of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations on Tuesday pushed for talks between Thailand and Cambodia to end deadly clashes that have erupted over a temple along the border . The issue "  can only be addressed bilaterally , " said Marty M. Natalegawa , who is also the Indonesian foreign minister . He added that he has the impression , after visiting Phnom Penh and Bangkok , that there is an overwhelming commitment on both sides to "  address their issues through peaceful means , through dialogues and negotiations . " The border skirmishes , which started Friday , have killed five people , including members of the military and civilians , a statement from ASEAN said , adding that each nation accuses the other of firing first . Thailand 's official news agency , MCOT , reported Tuesday , "  Since the fighting erupted Friday , one Thai soldier was killed , 25 were wounded and one civilian died in the clashes . " The report added that Cambodia on Tuesday "  handed over a Thai soldier captured during the cross border clash . " Cambodia 's official news agency , AKP , reported Tuesday that "  Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Akka Moha Sena Padei Techo Hun Sen has sought the United Nations ' intervention in arranging a buffer zone " at the border area and wants to make sure the fighting does not expand to other parts of the border . The U.N. Security Council on Monday expressed "  grave concern at aggravation of tensions between Cambodia and Thailand " and said it was willing to hold an emergency meeting requested by Cambodia , but first wanted to wait for regional mediation efforts by the Indonesian foreign minister . An official Thai report said the two sides had agreed to a ceasefire on Saturday , but skirmishes continued after . The clashes stem from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . The building sits on a cliff in Cambodian territory , but the most accessible entrance to the site is on the Thai side . In a letter to the United Nations over the weekend , Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said that in addition to the human toll the fighting was taking , the temple had suffered damage . Conflict over the Preah Vihear site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says the 1.8-square mile  4.7-square kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th century during the French occupation of Cambodia . In July 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site , meaning the U.N. believes the place has outstanding universal value .	ASEAN official believes there is overwhelming commitment for a peaceful resolution Cambodia handed over a captured Thai soldier on Tuesday ASEAN says 5 people have been killed in the clashes There have long been sporadic clashes over the Preah Vihear temple
CNN  -- If there were any doubt that the members of the Monty Python troupe would n't be holding back in their farewell show , it came with a rousing version of "  Every Sperm Is Sacred . " The performance of the "  Meaning of Life " song included a whole range of props , including cannons in the shape of phalluses . And what 's the point of bringing out phallus-shaped cannons if you 're not going to , uh , set them off ? Python has always been equal parts deadpan and silly , highbrow and low , and the "  Monty Python Live  Mostly  " show -- which concluded Sunday at London 's O2 Arena and was simulcast all over the world -- highlighted those distinctions . Among the sketches performed by the group were the Yorkshiremen , in which the four attempt to one-up each another in remembering horrible childhoods ; "  Crunchy Frog , " in which John Cleese 's inspector challenges Terry Jones ' confectioner over some interesting chocolate creations ; and , of course , the "  Parrot Sketch , " which was combined with the "  Cheese Shop " sketch , allowing Cleese and Michael Palin to indulge in their fondness for synonyms and euphemisms . In that one , Cleese and Palin seemed to be having a particularly good time , stepping on each other 's lines in high-spirited confusion . Cleese also got in an impromptu knock against a British newspaper editor . The "  Monty Python Live  Mostly  " show has gotten decent reviews  mostly  during its three-week run , many praising the group for its contribution to comedy if lamenting the casualness of the live production . The final show was apparently little changed from the debut , with its many musical numbers and occasional hesitations . There were a couple special guests for the final show -- Eddie Izzard and Mike Myers -- and physicist Stephen Hawking , who joined a videotaped skit , was in the live audience . Nevertheless , if the group did n't break any new ground , then again , it did n't have to . "  It gives the crowd exactly what they want but relies pretty heavily on the fan love and makes a hefty withdrawal from the reputation bank , " wrote The Guardian 's Peter Bradshaw when the show debuted . In a not-quite-full Atlanta theater where the show was simulcast , fans cheered their favorites , anticipating the Spanish Inquisition and singing along with "  The Lumberjack Song . " There were a couple audio glitches at the beginning , but for the most part it was an enjoyable afternoon , with the show functioning more as a celebration of Python history than a demand for new material . Indeed , fans looked on the bright side of Python all over . In Calgary , Alberta , a storm knocked out the audio , but the audience simply started a singalong . As the show came to a close , two frames came up on the O2 's big screen : "  Graham Chapman 1941-1989 , " in memory of the late Python member , and "  Monty Python 1969-2014 . " If this is indeed the end , Python can go out knowing its legacy is secure . And that 's not so completely different .	"  Monty Python Live  Mostly  " concluded Sunday Show was live in London , simulcast all over world Group looked like it was having fun , did n't break new ground
CNN  -- Beneath the streets of Budapest , behind the locked door of a brick cellar that smells faintly of mold , four tourists are trying their hardest to break out . In the room with them are various vehicle parts , a computer and a walkie-talkie , which their captor uses to taunt them as a timer counts down their remaining seconds . "  You ca n't manage to get out on your own , " says Attila Gyurkovics , watching the futile efforts of his four captives via video surveillance . It may sound like their vacation has gone terribly wrong , but the four have actually paid to be incarcerated and , it seems , they 're enjoying themselves . This is the subterranean world of escape games , a craze that 's swept through Budapest . The games see participants pit their wits against a series of mental and physical challenges in order to gain their freedom in the quickest time possible -- under the watchful eyes of an all-powerful gamesmaster . Though escape games are now appearing across Europe , Budapest claims to have pioneered this unlikely new entertainment . What it takes to play The city now hosts nearly 100 versions and the activity is listed as a top attraction on Tripadvisor . Typically , participants find themselves locked in two or three semi-derelict rooms in a Budapest basement . There they must search for keys and clues that will trigger the mechanisms that will free them from the labyrinth . "  It 's really fun , you get absorbed in the story and forget about the rest , " says Audrey , from France . She 's emerging from one of three separate challenge zones at Parapark , an escape game hidden beneath Gondozo , one of Budapest 's so called "  ruin bars "  4 , Vajdahunyad Street , Budapest ; +36 30 619 5447  . Parapark , the domain of gamesmaster 38-year-old Gyurkovics , lays claim to creating the phenomenon in 2011 . "  Parapark is really for everyone , " he says , keeping an eye on a monitor on which his four captives are still trying to solve a mystery based around a driving lesson . "  Kids from 12 or even smaller can already play . An intellectual and someone who 's never been to college can perform equally well . " Gyurkovics , who studied team-building strategies at university , says he devised Parapark as a way of testing group dynamics . He says there 's a need to strike a careful balance to engage participants without overly frustrating them . "  Tasks should be neither too easy nor too hard , " he says . "  First you think it 's impossible to solve the puzzle , but at the end of the day you manage to pick up the elements you 'll need to open the exit door . " Flirting with the horror genre Two months after Parapark was launched , the former social worker quit his job to focus on his new creation . "  It looked clear that I would be able to make a living out of escape games , " he says . He 's since hired five employees and begun franchises abroad -- a smart move given that he faces stiff competition from rivals . Budapest now offers escape challenges for all tastes , most costing about $ 40 per group of two to six people . Some , such as Underground Fear  3 Barcsay St. , Budapest ; +36 20 528 2191  flirt with the horror genre . Others , like Code13  44 Rottenbiller St. , Budapest ; +36 6 70 7027 517  or Locked Escape  10-12 Vermezo Way , Budapest ; + 36 30 458 2905  take their cues from Sherlock Holmes . In a high-ceilinged cellar just off Budapest 's luxurious Andrassy Avenue lies Trap  20 Paulay Ede St. , Budapest  an escape game that recently topped TripAdvisor 's list of attractions in the Hungarian capital . Featuring a well designed medieval gallery on one side and an Egyptian pharaoh-themed sliding door challenge on the other , Trap welcomes about 200 groups a month -- 90 % of them from abroad . Its founder , former logistics company owner Zoltan Kovacs , is also pushing beyond Hungary 's borders with tracks planned in Prague and Berlin . Coming back for more "  The phenomenon has its seasonality , but we 're keeping on expanding , " he says . Escape games seem to be sound investment in Budapest , where real estate is cheap and low-cost labor is abundant -- not to mention the huge visitor numbers the city attracts . Kovacs says his two challenge zones at Paulay Ede street cost him roughly $ 22,000 . The investment appears to be paying off . "  Two years ago my mother thought I was absolutely crazy but now she has changed her mind , " he says . As he chats , one of Trap 's challenge doors opens and four British tourists , Omid , Leo , Jason and Ben , emerge from what they say is their second visit . "  We loved it , " says Ben . "  I 'm amazed we did so well ! You have very little time to think ahead who would do what . "  We 'll definitely come back . " Back over at Parapark , Gyurkovics 's four captives are still struggling with their driving test challenge . He picks up his walkie-talkie to offer the kind of sage advice you 'd expect from someone responsible for creating what may soon be a global phenomenon . "  You need to play as a team . And use your brain ! You have to be on the lookout for clues . " CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy . Helene Bienvenu is a photojournalist and travel writer based in Budapest . She 's a blogger at Spotted by Locals and the author of several guidebooks on central and eastern Europe . She tweets at @bienvenuLN .	Escape games are said to have originated in 2011 in Budapest with the opening of Parapark Participants pay about $ 60 per team to be locked in a cellar and solve mysteries to escape Franchises of Budapest 's most popular escape games have begun springing up elsewhere
CNN  -- Pakistan 's perilous democratic transition has been rocked by the ongoing anti-government protests . The standoff between the government led by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and opposition parties continues to accelerate the political uncertainty and damage the fragile economy . Sharif was elected 14 months ago in an election that witnessed unprecedented voter turnout . While most opposition parties accepted the results , Imran Khan -- the leader of the Pakistan Tehreek I Insaf  PTI  party -- claimed there was widespread rigging . There 's not much evidence , however , beyond the usual irregularities of Pakistan 's outmoded electoral system , to back this up . But a successful campaign , aided by sections of Pakistani media , to de-legitimize last year 's vote has convinced a large number of people that somehow Khan 's mandate was "  stolen " in 2013 . Another opposition group , Pakistan Awami Tehreek  PAT  , led by a Pakistani Canadian cleric , Tahir ul Qadri wants a systemic change and has a list of undeliverable promises to the electorate . His immediate grievance is the brutal police action against his supporters that left 14 dead in June of this year . Both the groups have mobilized their supporters since early August and have been camping in Islamabad 's red zone -- a high security area where many state buildings and diplomatic missions are located . In the last few days the sit-in turned violent as the protestors attempted to enter the parliament and prime minister 's residence , leaving hundreds injured and at least three dead . On Monday morning , mobs entered the state television premises and managed to suspend the transmission for some time until the military intervened and restored order . This was a most embarrassing situation for Sharif 's government as the civilian law enforcement apparatus appeared helpless . Role of the military In such situations , it is Pakistan 's powerful army which usually intervenes ; it has taken over the reins of government four times during country 's 67-year history . Relations between Pakistan 's prime minister and the military have been far from smooth for months . The civilian government and the courts have proceeded to try Pervez Musharraf , the former army chief and president for treason . In May , the government was seen as sympathetic to the country 's largest television channel that , rather unprofessionally , named the intelligence chief as responsible for an attack on its leading journalist Hamid Mir , who was shot in Karachi but survived the alleged assassination attempt . Under pressure , the government later backtracked and penalized the channel but mistrust grew . On key foreign policy issues , such as India and Afghanistan , the government and the military are not on the same page either . Sharif is an ardent advocate of making peace with India , while the military 's strategic worldview has historically been determined by the threat from India . Sharif has been regularly meeting the army chief , General Raheel Sharif , and also consolidating his position by mobilizing other political parties in parliament . However , the media , on balance , has critical , in some measure propelled by the high-handed tactics of the government as it quelled protests including beating up journalists in recent days . Earlier , the protestors have been attacking journalists at will expressing their anger towards media houses viewed as "  partisan . " There has been chaos all over and even the Pakistani Taliban mockingly stated that they too could paralyze the country 's capital . In the current stalemate the military has maintained an ostensibly neutral position . Pakistan 's Dawn.com news service described this as a "  carefully constructed veneer " and suggested the military may not be fully siding with the government , which the constitution says it must do . The army has issued three statements in the past week wherein it has emphasized dialogue and negotiation with Khan and Qadri , as well as avoiding the use of force . Game changer ? On Monday , the former head of Khan 's party , Javed Hashmi , claimed the recent turmoil was planned by the protesting parties with the backing of sections within the army and possibly judges from the country 's top court . But in a carefully worded statement , the army reiterated its position as "  an apolitical institution " and reminded all of "  its unequivocal support for democracy at numerous occasions . " However , this has been a game changer of sorts as it allows the civilian government to reassert its political power . The recent breach of security at parliament and other state installations in Islamabad did not result in any attempt by the military to repel protestors . Yet the military is concerned about its image . It has regained its popularity by conducting operations against militants along its border with Afghanistan , and also by regaining its space in a powerful broadcast media that had played a pivotal role in ousting Musharraf in 2007-8 . But Sharif is fighting back and has convened a special session of the parliament on Tuesday , which is likely to reiterate support for him . A parliamentary committee will restart negotiations with the protestors . A coup may not be imminent . Until recently , it was widely speculated that Sharif may be forced to resign , given the turn of events . But Sharif might come out of this crisis as a weakened prime minister with the military controlling foreign and security policies . Having said that Pakistan 's political history is fraught with unexpected events ; and continued standoff may lead to a further meltdown where the army shall act as the sole arbiter of political events . Meanwhile , the majority of Pakistanis crave stability .	Standoff between government and opposition creates uncertainty , damages economy Pakistan 's powerful army often intervenes but has so far remained neutral However , a coup can not be completely ruled out PM Nawaz Sharif might come out of crisis weakened with the military controlling foreign and security policies
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- All that glitters is not gold , and not all designer jewelry is made from precious metals and gemstones . A few years ago , Linda Lwanga 's love of traditional African designs led her to her ancestral home in Uganda 's capital of Kampala , giving up her career in electrical engineering in the UK . Once in the country , the British-born designer started Zanaa , a luxury label producing high-end jewelry and accessories made from a variety of materials , including ankole cow horns . Used for centuries for their milk and meat , ankole cows are indigenous to east Africa . Yet once they are slaughtered their striking long horns are usually discarded -- and this , Lwanga thought , represented a sustainable business opportunity . "  If it were n't for making something out of cow horn it would have been disposed of , " says Lwanga . "  Typically in Africa we tend to burn a lot -- our garbage , our waste is burnt and it 's not environmentally friendly at all so I just thought of collecting it and transforming it into something beautiful . " Read this : Fishing boats reborn as furniture From horn bangles and chic rings to eye-catching necklaces and earrings , Zanaa 's growing jewelry line is sold to high-end buyers in the United States and Europe . Lwanga says that all the products are handmade by a small dedicated team of local artisans . "  Zanaa means illuminate the source , the source being Africa , where we have an abundance of beautiful materials , an abundance of amazing craftsmanship , " says Lwanga . "  We are losing a lot of our heritage , our culture and our artisans , in a sense , are kind of losing hope , " she adds . "  So we are trying to get that artisanal craftmanship and keep it . " Alongside the cow horn , Lwanga sources other traditional materials for her designs , such as imported leather from Ethiopia and beads from South Africa . Yet doing business from Kampala has not been without problems . "  I would say timeliness is the biggest challenge , " says Lwanga . "  Trying to get your products to market in a short space of time and be competitive . " Regional trade Uganda , often described as the "  pearl of Africa , " is one of the continent 's most beautiful nations . The landlocked country , however , is also one of Africa 's poorest -- according to a 2009 report by the World Bank , 38 % of the population lives below the poverty line . The country is part of COMESA , a trading bloc of 19 nations in east and southern Africa . Its free trade arrangements are designed to allow regional trade to flow easily between the member countries . Read this : Weapons of mass creation Uganda 's trade within COMESA is worth $ 1.2 billion annually , according to the country 's ministry of trade . But transporting goods is one of the key problems due to crumbling roads and expensive air travel . For Zanaa , accessing information and understanding how the trade bloc can benefit young entrepreneurs has been problematic . "  I had to go directly to the ministry of trade to find out about the tariffs for example , how to import , " explains Lwanga , who already trades with many of the countries in the COMESA trading bloc . "  So it was more proactive , actually going out to seek that information . " Putting businesses on the map Uganda 's ministry of trade says it knows the system is far from perfect but insists much is being done to improve the availability of information to businesses in the country . "  We have promoted the district commercial offices because some of these small and medium-sized enterprises are out in the rural areas , " says Amelia Kyambadde , minister of trade , industry and cooperatives . "  So they are able to access them and give them information about the market standards and the necessary facilitation that they need . " Read this : Artist gives trash a second chance Although still a work in progress , Lwanga says she sees the potential for her future if Uganda 's regional trading relations continue to grow , especially when it comes to distributing her products . "  It will impact the business greatly , " she says . "  If we can get import and export of the products smoothly and in a timely manner , an affordable manner and understanding what tax breaks we can get from doing business in such a way that will be fantastic , " adds Lwanga . "  It will enable us to be put on the map . "	Zanaa is a Uganda-based company making jewelry from ankole cow horns Its high-end products are sold in the United States and Europe "  Africa has abundance of beautiful materials , " says Zanaa 's founder
CNN  -- Ecuador 's highest court has upheld a conviction and a $ 40 million judgment against a newspaper in a case that pitted the paper 's directors and a former opinion editor against the country 's president . The three-judge panel ruled late Wednesday that a lower court 's decision to hold the paper accountable for the content of an opinion column that described President Rafael Correa as a dictator was correct . Correa sued El Universo newspaper , arguing the article unjustly claimed he had ordered security forces to open fire at a hospital full of civilians last September . The newspaper and press freedom advocates countered that the president was trying to crack down on critics by restricting the media . "  The truth has shined , " Correa said after the ruling . "  We have set a precedent . This sentence and this process are historic . They demonstrate that nobody has the right to tarnish the truth , " the president said . "  Not only is the person who wrote it responsible , but also the directors who allowed the offense and the newspaper where it was printed . " The ruling means that the accused must pay $ 30 million , and the newspaper must pay $ 10 million , to Correa . Emilio Palacio , El Universo 's former opinion editor and author of the column , told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol that the court ruling sets the wrong example . "  Of course this sets a precedent : For the first time in the history of Latin America , and I suppose , the world , a president wins $ 40 million for his pocket by manipulating justice , naming the judges he desired , and using his influence , " Palacio said . Palacio and the newspaper 's directors argued that they were denied the opportunity to properly present their defense during the first trial , and accused Correa of influencing the selection of judges favorable to him on the high court . "  The only thing that was left under these conditions was for the ratification of this shameful conviction , " Palacio said . The court ruling also calls for three years in prison for Palacio . He resigned from the paper in July and is now living in Miami , where he is seeking asylum . The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists , which concluded in a special report that Ecuador 's defamation laws have been systematically used to punish critical journalists , criticized the high court 's decision . "  An editor is seeking political asylum , three executives may soon go to jail , and the country 's leading paper may go bankrupt solely because President Correa disliked an opinion piece , " said Carlos Lauria , senior Americas Program coordinator for the organization . "  This shortsighted ruling will only keep Ecuadoran journalists from investigating powerful politicians ; it represents a serious setback for democracy in Ecuador . "	Ecuador 's highest court upheld a libel conviction against a newspaper The newspaper says the president had unfair influence in the proceedings The directors and a former editor now face $ 40 million in fines
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal landed a record extending ninth French Open title this year and also reached the final of the Australian Open . But typical for the Spaniard in recent campaigns , those grand slam accomplishments mingled with further health woes . Looking back on his 2014 , it 's no wonder , then , that Nadal utters : "  Too many things  happened  to be happy during " the whole year . "  That 's part of my life , though . It 's happened a few times in my career . " Indeed . And in keeping with Nadal 's approach during his recovery from an avalanche of afflictions in the past , he vows to "  keep working hard . " "  Now I have a month to prepare for the 2015 season , and that 's my goal , " the 28-year-old told CNN 's Open Court in late November shortly before the groundbreaking ceremony of the Rafa Nadal Sports Center and Academy . "  I 'm going to work as much as I can , hope to be healthy for that . If I am healthy , I am confident that I can come back strong again . " Jimmy Arias , a former top-five player who made the semifinals at the U.S. Open and quarterfinals at Nadal 's beloved French Open in the 1980s , is n't about to disagree . "  Ever since he came onto the tour , he had all the markings of a guy that would be done with tennis by 26 , 27 , because his game was such a grind mentally and physically , " Arias , now a tennis analyst for several networks , told CNN.com . "  He 's obviously outlasted that age . He 's made of sterner stuff than most of us because he 's able to keep coming back from injuries and long layoffs and continues to dominate . "  Now , you get the sense that he 's going to be as always -- if he 's physically fit . If Nadal 's body might be giving him a few problems , his mind remains as strong as ever . It 's his psychological strength that sets him apart from the rest , according to Arias . "  I would say he 's the greatest mental player in the history of the sport . Not strategy , necessarily , but the ability to play every point as if that 's the most important one you 've ever played , and do it every match . " Nadal is a veteran at coming back , having been slowed by , most notably , injuries to both knees . However , this year saw the 14-time grand slam champion miss a chunk of time due to a back problem , wrist complaint and appendix surgery , in that order . It all began at the Australian Open in January , when Nadal hurt his back while warming up in the final against Stan Wawrinka . Holding a 12-0 record without conceding a set to the Swiss heading into the contest , a hampered Nadal fell in four sets with the ordeal leaving him in tears . Recently he has undergone stem-cell treatment to aid his back after the same therapy , he said , helped his problematic , famous knees . The back bothered Nadal , he added , throughout 2014 . "  I repeated the treatment that worked very well for my knees at the end of last year , so I am doing that for my back now and I hope I have a good success on that , " he said . When the wrist sidelined Nadal at the U.S. Open , it ensured another year he skipped a major -- the last time he contested all four in a season came in 2011 . Contrast his attendance with Roger Federer -- the only man ahead of Nadal on the grand slam ladder with 17 titles . The smooth Federer has appeared in 60 consecutive grand slams , a men 's record . Nadal subsequently underwent appendix surgery in early November , ruling him out of the prestigious year-end championships in London . "  I started this year believing that I was ready for everything again , " said Nadal , looking back to the start of 2014 . "  I started well , playing the final in Australia , but during the final I injured my back . It was hard for me to accept that I did n't have the chance to compete in the final , " he added , referring to his defeat by Wawrinka in the opening slam of the season . "  Then I went down for a while . Takes a little bit of time to recover from that mentally and physically . I was coming back to my best again ... playing better and better every single week and arriving in Roland Garros with a great level . "  Then I won there and I was fully confident again . It was the most beautiful part of the year for me . " Wimbledon 's grass has n't been as pleasant for Nadal since he nabbed the last of his two titles in 2010 . Hindered by his knees in 2012 and 2013 , he was on the receiving end of two of the biggest upsets in Wimbledon history , exiting to Lukas Rosol and Steve Darcis , respectively . In the most recent edition , Nadal succumbed to fearless young Australian Nick Kyrgios , who seemingly could do no wrong on his serve in the fourth-round tussle . Kyrgios struck 37 aces and was broken once . There was , though , a positive for Nadal . "  I felt the knees were more comfortable playing there , " he said . "  That 's important for me . "  I loved that match , but I could n't win that match . That can happen on grass but I was proud the way that I played this year . " Next year Nadal 's chances at Wimbledon should increase , since an extra week features between the French Open and the year 's third grand slam . Nadal is n't thinking yet about winning a 10th French Open or triumphing at Wimbledon , more preoccupied with being ready -- and competitive -- for the Australian Open next month . Nadal won the Australian Open in 2009 , but lately his memories of Oz presumably have n't been as upbeat . Aside from his back issue versus Wawrinka , he retired in 2010 , injured his hamstring in 2011 as he sought a fourth straight grand slam title -- or the ` Rafa Slam ' -- and lost the longest grand slam final in history in 2012 to Novak Djokovic . "  My main goal today is try to put my body and my tennis again in a competitive way , " said Nadal . "  That 's what I 'm going to try to do during this December . I am thinking I am  focused  about Australia because I like a lot of years in Australia , and I felt that I was doing the right things there so many years during my career . "  I have a special motivation for that . "	This year was bittersweet for Rafael Nadal , who won another major but suffered more injuries Nadal sustained back and wrist injuries before undergoing appendix surgery in November The 14-time grand slam winner says he is hoping to be healthy for the start of the 2015 season Nadal is putting an emphasis on the Australian Open , the year 's first major that starts next month
CNN  -- Looking to sell the public on your plan to combine Twitter with beer drinking ? Well , there are worse places to push the idea than South by Southwest Interactive , the annual gathering known as "  spring break for geeks . "  Or for "  tech hipsters . " The line is getting blurrier and blurrier these days . The Tweet-A-Beer mobile app is rolling out this week at SXSW , the Austin , Texas , festival that has helped launch such social-networking staples as Foursquare and Twitter . Tweet-A-Beer , from Portland 's tenfour , combines your Twitter and PayPal accounts so you can beer a buddy on the Internet "  to ensure that distance , agoraphobia and gang rivalries no longer prevent you from sharing a pint . " Hear that , Web-savvy Crips ? Buy a Blood a Bud and watch the healing happen . Tweet-A-Beer uses Chirpify , a Twitter payment app . Once signed up , a user enters the screen name of another Twitter user and the app credits $ 5 to their PayPal account . You can also enter a message -- the app suggests a reason for the sudsy gift or maybe a suggested meeting place and time -- and it will appear in a tweet . The recipient clicks "  Claim Beer Money " and -- voila -- their PayPal account is $ 5 to the good . OK , so , technically , we suppose you could use those five bucks at iTunes or Amazon , for online gambling of dubious legality or , well , most anything . But there must be some bad karma associated with not buying an e-beer when a buddy has taken the time to tweet it your way . "  Seriously , we recommend using it for beer , " reads the app 's website . "  Because ... it 's beer . " Chirpify takes a 10-cent fee from the recipient 's account to cover the transaction . Tenfour and PR-firm partner Waggener Edstrom say they make no money on the beerfest . "  We made this thing because we 're thirsty , " they write .	Mobile app "  Tweet-A-Beer " is rolling out this week at South by Southwest The app combines your Twitter and PayPal accounts to let you buy a beer for someone Chirpify , a Twitter payment app , takes a 10-cent fee to cover the transaction
CNN  -- A mushroom cloud of thick dark smoke hovered over the Puerto Rican capital after a blast ripped through a fuel storage complex near San Juan early Friday and caused a massive fire . At least one injury occurred and at least 350 people have been evacuated as about 100 firefighters worked through the night to fight the blaze , Gov. Luis Fortuno said . Firefighters said it would take a few days to control the inferno . Eleven tanks are ablaze , and firefighters are trying to cool down the remaining 29 tanks . The tanks are holding jet and diesel fuels and gasoline . Authorities are looking into the cause of the blaze , which took place at Caribbean Petroleum Corp. , a storage complex on San Juan 's bay that owns the Gulf brand in Puerto Rico . iReport.com : See , share , send images of the explosion Justin Gehrke , a U.S. Army civilian employee who filed an iReport for CNN , was taken aback by the sight of the thick black smoke and took photos of the scene from his iPhone . "  I did n't expect to see a mushroom cloud from my house , " he said .	Explosion , fire rip through fuel storage complex One person injured , 350 evacuated near San Juan , Puerto Rico Caribbean Petroleum Corp. tanks held jet , diesel fuels plus gasoline iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , videos of the flames
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A plane carrying California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger made an emergency landing Friday evening after the cockpit filled with smoke , his office said in a statement . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called his plane 's emergency landing "  a little adventure " on Twitter . Schwarzenegger confirmed the incident with a tweet on the social-networking Web site , Twitter . He also included a photo of the jet on the tarmac . "  A little adventure just now when my plane made an emergency landing . All 's OK , though , " he posted . The governor was on his way to the Santa Monica airport after a speech in Mendota , California , about the drought affecting the state . The jet was diverted to Van Nuys Airport after the pilot reported "  smoke emanating from the instrument panel in the cockpit , " Schwarzenegger 's office said , adding that there were no visible signs of a fire . The pilot made a "  quick , steep , but safe landing , " his office said . No one was injured . Twitter is a social networking site that allows users to update what they are doing using 140 characters or less .	California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's plane makes "  steep " emergency landing Jet diverted after smoke emanates from cockpit panel Schwarzenegger tweets about landing , calls it "  a little adventure "
CNN  -- A Colorado woman told authorities she was using Facebook in another room when her infant son drowned in a bathtub , according to an arrest affidavit . Shannon Johnson , 34 , was arrested January 11 on one count of child abuse by knowingly and recklessly causing a death , said Jennifer Finch , community relations director for the Weld County District Attorney 's Office . If convicted , the Fort Lupton resident could face a sentence of 16 to 48 years , Finch said . "  This is an extremely tragic incident , " Undersheriff Margie Martinez told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell . According to the Weld County Sheriff 's Office affidavit , the child died on September 20 , 2010 . The infant , not named in the affidavit , was 13 months old , according to CNN affiliate KUSA . The autopsy listed anoxic brain injury , cardiac arrest and drowning as the cause of death . Johnson said she put the child in the tub in the morning after he ate and played , according to the affidavit . The water was a little higher than normal , it added . Court documents indicate the infant had been treated for a seizure about a month before his death . "  The Defendant admitted that she was on Facebook playing a game called Cafe World , checking on friends ' status and sharing videos , in the living room , while -LSB- the infant -RSB- was in the bathtub , " according to the affidavit . The woman checked on the infant once and found him playing . After about three more minutes , "  she did n't hear -LSB- the boy -RSB- playing , she went in to check on him and saw him sideways with his face in the water , " the affidavit states . The boy was later airlifted to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead , according to authorities . Johnson told investigators that starting two weeks before the incident , she would leave the boy alone in the tub , according to the affidavit . Asked why , she said "  she started doing this when he really wanted to be left alone ; he was a very independent baby . She also said she knew what it was like to be told no , she did n't want her baby to be told no and did n't want him to be known as a mama 's boy . " She acknowledged leaving the infant alone "  was so stupid , " according to the affidavit . Johnson 's mother told investigators she had spoken with her daughter about leaving the child in the bathtub , but the defendant could n't recall the conversation , according to the affidavit . A search of the residence showed a laptop on a couch in the living area , according to the affidavit . The screen was showing a Facebook page . Johnson was being held Tuesday on $ 100,000 bond , according to Finch . A bond hearing is scheduled for January 31 . A phone number for Johnson 's residence did not work Tuesday . A call to the Weld County Public Defender 's office was not immediately returned . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Shannon Johnson is accused of child abuse by causing a death According to arrest affidavit , Coloradan admitted to being on Facebook Infant son drowned in bathtub
CNN  -- An 84-year-old man shoots his son . So what does his grandson do , according to authorities , in his own father 's defense ? Shoot -- fatally , it turns out -- his grandfather . That 's what authorities said happened Monday night in Kittrell , a small North Carolina town of less than 500 people located about 35 miles south of the Virginia border . Vance County sheriff 's deputies responded around 7 p.m. to an address there after getting a call about a fight , Sheriff Peter White said in a news release . When they got there , deputies found two people shot . One was Lloyd Woodlief , 84 , who lived at the Kittrell home , according to White . He had been shot once with a 12-gauge shotgun and "  died shortly thereafter , " the sheriff said . His son , 49-year-old Lloyd Peyton Woodlief , had been shot with a 22-caliber pistol , added White . The resident of nearby Henderson , North Carolina , was being treated at Duke Medical Center in Durham as of Tuesday afternoon . The other person involved was the 11-year-old grandson of Lloyd Woodlief . White said a preliminary investigation indicates that Lloyd Woodlief first shot his son . Then the 11-year-old boy shot his grandfather . Charges are pending , the sheriff added , though he did n't specify who might be charged , or with what . Deputy 's fatal shooting of boy carrying fake rifle ruled lawful ` We called for help , and they killed my son , ' N.C. man says Blame weak gun laws for holiday violence , Chicago 's top cop says Authorities catch man they say fired first in Bourbon Street shooting CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Authorities in North Carolina respond to a double shooting in Kittrell A sheriff says that an 84-year-old man shot his son Then , the older man 's 11-year-old grandson shot back , the sheriff adds The grandfather , who was shot once with a 12-gauge shotgun , died
Atlanta  CNN  -- Robert Samija ca n't forget the date : April 16 , 1993 . As fighting raged between Croatians and Muslims in the central Bosnian town of Vitez , he saw the execution of a Muslim police chief -- the father of a classmate . "  I saw him get on his knees , begging for his life , and they shot him point blank , " he said . "  Some people were cheering . But it was horrible . " Now , another date will burn bright in Samija 's mind : May 26 , 2011 , the day Serbian army commander Ratko Mladic was arrested after eluding capture for more than 15 years . Mladic , the highest-ranking war crimes suspect who was still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s , is wanted on charges including genocide , extermination and murder by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . For the Bosnian victims of that war , Mladic 's arrest provided some sense of closure , just as many of the loved ones of those who perished in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks sighed in relief at the news of Osama bin Laden 's death . But the television repeats of images of Mladic and of events that took place during the war could also act as a trigger and make people relive their trauma , said psychologist Steven Bruce , director of the Center for Trauma Recovery at the University of Missouri in St. Louis , which has a large Bosnian refugee community . "  It 's a double-edged sword , " Bruce said . "  But in the long term , it 's good news . I do think it does relieve some anxieties that he would never be found . " Samija , 32 , who fled the war with his family to restart life in Atlanta , was elated by the news of Mladic 's arrest . "  Until we clear our history , we can not move , " he said . In another part of Atlanta , Nazifa Garib was hard at work at her bakery , churning out dough for tandoori naan . She had gone to work before sunrise and had not heard the news . "  Oh , my God , " she said , pausing for a few seconds . "  I have chills right now . This is very good news . " Before the Gulf War , Garib worked in Baghdad but returned to her native Bosnia in the early 1990s . She was reluctant to speak of the brutality she witnessed , of the family she lost . She said she felt relief that Mladic , whom she blamed for much of what she had suffered , was finally caught . She hopes he will be hanged like Saddam Hussein , but in public , where his victims can watch . Sanja Starcevic , whose family runs Neretva , a Bosnian eatery in suburban Atlanta , said the conflict was indescribable . Like the victims of the tornado this week in Missouri who were at a loss for words , the 55-year-old Starcevic said it was impossible to speak about what she had seen , especially in English , a second language . "  You have to be there and see how it is , " she said . She was glad Mladic will finally face justice but said things will never be the same in Bosnia . "  You ca n't bring back all the people they killed , from all sides , " she said . Edin Prozorac , 33 , a Bosnian Muslim from Kennesaw , Georgia , sipped coffee outside Nerevta and described a life of "  slave labor " under Serbian rule during his teen years , performing dirty jobs like cleaning streets , loading trucks , cutting trees and digging channels at the whim of the ruling forces . One haunting memory typifies the humiliation : A Serbian soldier made him repeatedly get up on and jump down from a trailer and put a gun to his head . "  It was hell , " he said , "  Seven days a week . " Another Bosnian Muslim -- Senad Cajic , 49 , of Kennesaw , Georgia -- said he lived about 45 days under Serbian rule before he escaped to a Bosnian-controlled region . He remembers stiff curfews and the killing of one man who broke them . Also , he recalls the scarce availability of food . "  We were really scared , " he said . Eventually , he joined the Bosnian military -- more of a militia than an army -- thwarted persistent Serbian assaults and found a safe place for his family in Bosnian territory . Cajic said many Bosnians returned home after the warfare , but he could n't go back to his house because it burned . Eventually , he and his family made their way to the United States . As for Mladic , Cajic said , the arrest was "  too late . " Unlike his countrymen who fought , fled for their lives , nursed war injuries and died , Mladic "  enjoyed his life for 15 years . " Mladic 's arrest can not erase the mistrust embedded deeply in Bosnian hearts , said Hamdija Custovic , who was only 12 when he witnessed war 's horrors . The men in his hometown of Gacko were rounded up to be taken to concentration camps . His father escaped to the mountains , where he hid for four months . Custovic , 31 , used to have Serb friends in school , but he was segregated from them before the war started . Later , they brought guns and knives to school , intending to turn them on their former buddies . Now , the Charlotte , North Carolina , resident sometimes hears from those former classmates on Facebook . But he ca n't bring himself to accept their offer to be friends . He does n't trust them . Reconciliation was one of the themes sounded by Serbian President Boris Tadic as he announced Mladic 's arrest . But Custovic , the spokesman for the Congress of North American Bosniaks , was skeptical . "  I think it is one of the steps , " he said . "  But we have to keep in mind that this can not end here . Just because they arrested  former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan  Karadzic and Mladic , it does not absolve Serbs of responsibility for the campaign that was led by thousands of soldiers . " The Germans , said Custovic , accepted responsibility for the Holocaust . There are many Serbs , he said , who will still deny that ethnic cleansing took place in Bosnia . The 1992-95 Bosnian war was the longest of the conflicts that erupted after the disintegration of communist Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Backed by the government of Slobodan Milosevic , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a bloody campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . Mladic stands accused of leading the two-year siege of the city of Sarajevo that killed thousands and later , the systematic extermination of about 8,000 Muslims in Srebrenica , now remembered as the worst atrocity in Europe since World War II . Muhamed Mehmedovic 's father and brother were killed by Mladic 's soldiers . Their bodies were found in mass graves . He traveled for seven days and nights with his mother and surviving brother to escape Srebrenica 's atrocities , and he , like Custovic , made a new life in Charlotte . He has waited many years for the perpetrators of the Srebrenica massacre to come to justice . "  They need to get every one of them , " he said . Mladic 's arrest was huge for Mehmedovic , 32 . The entire world was watching the arrest of the man who destroyed his family . Rusmin Lilic , 40 , a Bosnian Muslim from Stone Mountain , Georgia , lived through the worst of days in Sarajevo , the Bosnian capital besieged by Serbian forces . A member of Bosnia 's fledgling armed forces , he was wounded twice and said "  you had to defend your home . If not , you 'd probably be killed . " He recalls two particularly horrid events in Sarajevo : snipers killing a group of kids on a cherry tree and a market bombing that killed about 70 people . The violence hardened him , and he mourned deeply when his good friend in the army died , but as more deaths piled up , he stopped crying . The violence and the incremental "  psychological killing " ground down a dispirited populace . "  No food , no water , no shampoo , limited everything , " he said . "  It 's the worst thing for everybody . " "  I do n't think the people will ever forget . I 'll not forget that war . " Sitting outside the Neretva coffee shop and grocery store during his lunch break , Lilic sported national pride on his T-shirt , which commemorates a soccer game last decade between a Sarajevan and a Turkish team . "  I never gave up on my country , " said Lilic . Lilic has paid visits to Bosnia since he moved away but said he 'd be an "  enemy " to his children if he chose to take his family back to live in the homeland . Perhaps , he said , he 'll go back "  to be buried . " Prozorac said he 's debating whether to discuss the past with his American children . He has never returned home . For Prozorac and many other Bosnians , the scars will never go away .	Ratko Mladic 's arrest is good news for war victims But for some , it triggers memories of suffering Robert Samija saw the execution of a classmate 's father He says Mladic 's arrest will help people move forward
TIME.com  -- Just before heading to bed one night in August , I got a text message from Bibhu Mohapatra . It contained a photo of First Lady Michelle Obama in a citrus-print sleeveless sheer yoke cocktail dress . Above it , a message : "  Just found out , Michelle is wearing the yellow dress . " Mohapatra has dressed Kristen Wiig , Hilary Swank and Glenn Close , but this was different . There she was , America 's fashion icon on The Tonight Show , validating Mohapatra 's work before a national audience . It is Mohapatra 's moment , but it 's a story that almost was n't . He had never been on a plane before 1995 , when he left his native Orissa , India , at age 23 with a one-way ticket to Logan , Utah , to pursue a master 's degree in economics on an academic scholarship to Utah State University . Between homework assignments , he 'd sketch . And sketch . Until , by chance , a professor saw his sketchbook of dresses , jackets and coats and said , "  You 're in the wrong business . " So Mohapatra called his dad , who told him , "  Close your eyes and picture yourself 10 years from now , having the most fun , being the most happy -- that 's your answer . " Mohapatra packed his bags , moved to New York City and landed a spot at the Fashion Institute of Technology , where he could finally pursue his lifelong passion . Time.com : Fashion 's Sister Act : A Conversation with Rodarte 's Kate and Laura Mulleavy Now 40 and a newly minted member of the Council of Fashion Designers of America  CFDA  , Mohapatra launched his namesake label in 2009 after nine years at J. Mendel , where he worked his way up from assistant to design director . "  As a creative person , you want to start with a blank canvas , " he says . "  This is like having the biggest canvas on which to paint . " His clothes do have a painterly quality : rich color , prints and patterns on structured silhouettes . Modern yet supremely feminine . There are shades of India , too , in the embroidery and beading -- traditional dressmaking techniques that Mohapatra likes to call "  Old World bones . " I recently paid him a visit at his cavernous , 5,000-sq . - ft. studio in the heart of Manhattan 's garment district -- a big upgrade from the cramped 600-sq . - ft. space a block away where he used to work . His new spot is a sea of white walls and columns punctuated by splashes of color : a sage gown with beads and feathers from his 2013 resort collection and a chaise longue he found on the street and re-covered in lapis-print fabric of his own design . He greets me at the door with his signature boyish grin and a hug . "  He has the biggest smile in fashion and lacks any of the attitude that sometimes comes with a young designer 's success , " says Steven Kolb , the CFDA 's CEO . "  Bibhu is a gracious and tasteful gentleman , " says Linda Fargo , senior vice president of Bergdorf Goodman , Mohapatra 's biggest account . "  His mÃ © tier is elegance . " As Mohapatra describes them , his designs are a study in opposites . "  Masculine and feminine , graphic and organic , but always staying true to the core of making beautiful clothes , " he says . He has a hat trick of debuts coming up : in September , he 'll show his first collection with handbags ; in January , his first pre-fall collection ; in February , a complete line of handbags . "  A lot of exciting things are happening , " he says . "  I hope to grow another head and two more hands , " he adds with a laugh , "  like an Indian goddess . " To see CNN national correspondent Alina Cho 's interview with Bibhu Mohapatra and for more coverage of New York Fashion Week , tune in to Fashion : Backstage Pass , airing on CNN on Saturday , Sept. 15 , at 2:30 p.m. Time.com : Shades of Autumn	Mohapatra has has dressed actresses and the First Lady . Mohapatra is a member of the Council of Fashion Designers of America . He uses traditional dressmaking techniques .
CNN  -- Finland has become the first country in the world to declare broadband Internet access a legal right . The move by Finland is aimed at bringing Web access to rural areas , where access has been limited . Starting in July , telecommunication companies in the northern European nation will be required to provide all 5.2 million citizens with Internet connection that runs at speeds of at least 1 megabit per second . The one-megabit mandate , however , is simply an intermediary step , said Laura Vilkkonen , the legislative counselor for the Ministry of Transport and Communications . The country is aiming for speeds that are 100 times faster -- 100 megabit per second -- for all by 2015 . "  We think it 's something you can not live without in modern society . Like banking services or water or electricity , you need Internet connection , " Vilkkonen said . Finland is one of the most wired in the world ; about 95 percent of the population have some sort of Internet access , she said . But the law is designed to bring the Web to rural areas , where geographic challenges have limited access until now . "  Universal service is every citizen 's subjective right , " Vilkkonen said . Should fast Internet access be everyone 's legal right ? It is a view shared by the United Nations , which is making a big push to deem Internet access a human right . In June , France 's highest court declared such access a human right . But Finland goes a step further by legally mandating speed . On the other hand , the United States is the only industrialized nation without a national policy to promote high-speed broadband , according to a study released in August by the Communications Workers of America , the country 's largest media union . Forty-six percent of rural households do not subscribe to broadband , and usage varies based on income , the study found . In February , the U.S. Federal Communications Commission is expected to submit a national plan to Congress . The FCC says that expanding service will require subsidies and investment of as much as $ 350 billion -- much higher than the $ 7.2 billion President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus package has set aside for the task .	Providers will need to supply connection speeds of at least 1 megabit per second But Finland is aiming for speeds that are 100 times faster 95 percent of Finnish population have some sort of Internet access The law is designed to bring the Web to rural areas
CNN  -- The parents of a 15-year-old girl who was gang-raped on a California high school campus urged the community Saturday to channel its anger over the event "  through positive action , " according to a pastor . At a Saturday community event at the campus where the attack took place , the Rev. Jim Wheeler , who said he was the family 's pastor at First Presbyterian Church in Richmond , read a statement from the teenager 's parents . "  Stop the violence , " Wheeler read . "  Please do not respond to this tragic event by promoting hatred or by causing more pain . We 've had enough violence already in this place . " Police say as many as 10 people were involved in the rape on October 24 in a dimly lit back alley outside Richmond High School , where a homecoming dance was taking place . Another 10 people watched the attack without calling 911 , police say . Five people have been arrested in connection with the attack . A sixth person who was arrested is expected to be freed because of insufficient evidence , CNN affiliate KGO reported . Authorities say the attack lasted for more than two hours . The victim , who was taken to a hospital in critical condition , was released Wednesday . The parents ' statement urged the community to work to ensure that such an attack never happens again . "  If you need to express your outrage , please channel your anger through positive action , " they said , according to Wheeler . "  Volunteer at a school . Go help a neighbor . Be courageous in speaking the truth and in holding people accountable . Work toward changing the atmosphere in our schools and in this community so that this kind of thing never happens again . "  Please do not let this happen again . "	"  Please do not respond to this tragic event by promoting hatred , " victim 's parents say Family 's statement read during community event at campus where attack took place Police say 10 people may have been involved in rape outside Richmond High School Five arrested in connection with attack , which occurred during homecoming dance
Ravi Opi , Kavre District , Nepal  CNN  By the time you reach the outskirts of Nepal 's capital , even the roads are showing signs of the sheer magnitude of this earthquake -- and the enormity of the task awaiting a country struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy . The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of Saturday 's huge tremor . One lane is bisected by gaping , half-meter  1.5 feet  fissures . They 've been filled in with rubble and dirt , allowing passage for those desperate citizens to reach their families in outlying districts . It takes an age , though , picking our way along damaged roads to a small village community , Ravi Opi . It is only 30 kilometers  20 miles  east of Kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours -- and the travel times likely to be compounded the farther out from the city people go . The community is off the main highway , down a dirt track that quickly finds itself winding through forested slopes and terraced fields . They farm corn here , and millet , and vegetables . Compared to the capital , and the regions west of Kathmandu and closer to the epicenter , the people here were relatively lucky . Still , passing through villages it 's clear that damage has been suffered . In Ravi Opi a village official walks quickly by , telling us over his shoulder that 90 % of the houses are currently uninhabitable . Some are still standing , but seem precarious and the residents are too scared of aftershocks to move back inside . Patchy reports have filtered through of entire villages leveled by the quake or engulfed by landslides . Maili Tamang , 62 , is alive , but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life . We find her sitting as close as she can to the ruins of the house that she built with her late husband . She 's petite and frail but hardened by life . Her leg , bandaged and suppurating , is stretched out in front of her . She periodically flicks at the flies that have settled on the blood - and pus-soaked dressing . "  I just want to cry , all I feel is hurt " she says , showing us where she was the moment the earthquake struck . Tamang 's house was one of the bigger ones in this region , a rare two-story structure . She and her husband built it together , a lifetime ago . He died years ago , but her extended family lived here with her until Saturday . She , along with her daughter-in-law were indoors when the quake struck , and she was lucky to make it out onto a small wooden balcony . Another tremor brought this down and she had to extricate herself from the rubble and crawl up an embankment . The younger woman , trapped in the wreckage after the roof fell in on her , eventually clawed her way out . She was transported by motorbike -- few here have motorized transportation ; most walk -- to a missionary hospital in a neighboring village , 12 kilometers  7.4 miles  away from here . Now she is back , wondering what the next step for her is . Throughout this region , there have been small landslides and people have been industrious in clearing rubble from the roads . There is little sign of aid having made it out here . Out of necessity people are back working their fields . Near the road a family makes lunch in the open as their house was destroyed . Elsewhere in Ravi Opi , other unfortunate families count the cost of the disaster . Mahesh Koiraba , 31 , lost his only daughter , Prati in the quake , who was killed as their house collapsed . She was 2 years old . He was working when the quake hit , tilling the fields like so many in Kavre , and ran back to his house after quickly realizing the force of the tremor . "  I started digging with my hands , " he says , still very much in shock , but remembering his frantic efforts among the remains of his damaged home . "  And I saw her , blood was trickling from her mouth and she was covered in cuts . " All he has left now is a picture in his phone ; a chubby-faced toddler , wearing oversized sunglasses . As rain starts falling -- soon turning into torrents and further hampering recovery efforts -- we huddle with four families who have been displaced . They 're in a makeshift , ramshackle shelter , crowded with frightened people . I ask one of the young women , Osminda Koirale , with me if she has seen any sign of outside help . "  No , no government has any support for us . No one has come out to see that we 're living like this . " She said it was terrifying , and the future no less so . "  Our house is gone now . We do n't know where we sit , what we eat . We do n't have any clothes , all our clothes are inside . We ca n't go inside our houses . " There was a creeping sense that the worst was over , until another powerful aftershock overnight . "  We are not safe ... we are so scared , " Osminda tells me . And all this a mere 90 minutes drive from the capital . There are parts of Nepal so remote it takes days to reach under normal circumstances -- there are villages here that one can only reach on foot and it is those areas that were hardest hit . These are the places where aid has yet to arrive , and where no one really knows the full extent of human loss or how many tragedies like the one at this home have unfolded . Arwa Damon reported from Kavre District in Nepal and Euan McKirdy wrote from Hong Kong	Roads out of Kathmandu are damaged but passable Even close to the capital , aid is taking forever to trickle through East of the city , the village of Ravi Opi counts the cost of devastation
CNN  -- These may soon be 10 of the most popular destinations in the world . Our advice : Visit them before everyone else does . Travel site TripAdvisor revealed its Travelers ' Choice Destinations on the Rise awards on Tuesday . The awards highlight spots around the world that have received the greatest increase in positive feedback and interest from TripAdvisor members , year over year . The top spot in the world is Da Nang , Vietnam , is known for its Buddhist sanctuaries , tranquil beaches and culinary tours . TripAdvisor 's top 25 all-inclusive resorts around the world "  The TripAdvisor community has helped surface some unheralded destinations across the globe that are receiving rave reviews from travelers worldwide , " said Barbara Messing , chief marketing officer for TripAdvisor . "  These award-winners offer highly rated options for accommodations , restaurants and activities to inspire those planning their vacations for the new year . " Top 10 Travelers ' Choice Destinations on the Rise around the world 1 . Da Nang , Vietnam 2 . Sihanoukville , Cambodia 3 . Limassol , Cyprus 4 . Ao Nang , Thailand 5 . Bodrum City , Turkey 6 . Naha , Japan 7 . Hurghada , Egypt 8 . Kazan , Russia 9 . Manaus , Brazil 10 . Eilat , Israel	TripAdvisor 's Destinations on the Rise are increasingly popular spots The top spot is known for Buddhist sanctuaries and lovely beaches The travel site 's members have shown their love  and positive reviews  for these spots
Atlanta  CNN  -- Former NFL defensive back Paul Oliver , who committed suicide last week in his Georgia home , shot himself in the head in front of his wife and two young sons , the police report on the incident said . The report , obtained by CNN , said Oliver , 29 , was depressed about the end of his career and marital issues . He had n't played pro football since the 2011 season . "  Paul has been somewhat depressed over being released , and ending his professional football career , " his wife , Chelsea Oliver , told police in the report . She also said the couple had been having problems . Her husband was unhappy with their relationship , she said , and had started talking about a divorce . Chelsea Oliver told Cobb County Police that her husband , who played six seasons in the NFL with the San Diego Chargers , had made statements in the past about wanting to end his life . But , the report says , "  He was never specific and the police have never been called regarding any suicide threats or attempts . " On September 24 , Chelsea Oliver said her husband had been drinking alcohol and the two argued . "  They had an argument and Paul shoved Chelsea while they were in their garage . Chelsea was not injured . She did not call police about their argument or about her being shoved , " the report said . A tale of two former NFL players -- and their brains At that point , Chelsea Oliver took their two sons , ages 2 and 1 , and went for a walk in the neighborhood . When they returned , the couple started arguing again . She told police that the family was standing in the foyer of their home , when Paul Oliver jumped over the baby gate and ran up the staircase . He went into the bedroom and came back holding a handgun . According to the report , Paul Oliver told his wife that he was going to do it "  in front of her . " NFL and ex-players reach deal in concussion lawsuit He pointed the gun toward the ceiling and fired one round , startling the family , the report said . Then he began walking down the stairs , put the handgun to the side of his head and fired one round . He fell the rest of the way down the stairs into the baby gate . Police recovered a .40 caliber Glock Model 22 handgun at the scene . There was nothing there to indicate foul play , the investigating officer wrote in the report . Patrick Oliver , Paul Oliver 's brother , was supposed to meet the former football player for dinner . He was nearly at Paul Oliver 's neighborhood when Paul called , telling him to "  go home . " He could tell that Paul was upset , but he did n't think he was going to harm himself , Patrick Oliver told police . Former NFL player wants brain studied No one from Paul Oliver 's family has responded to CNN 's phone calls about the incident . Oliver played for the Chargers from 2007 to 2011 , recording 144 tackles in 57 games . He also had a stellar college career at the University of Georgia . His death marks the latest in a string of suicides among former professional football players . In some cases , the players were found to have suffered previously from brain injuries , but it 's not known if that had anything to do with Oliver 's case . Star NFL linebacker Junior Seau was 43 when he took his own life in May 2012 . The National Institutes of Health later found he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , a neurodegenerative brain disease that can follow multiple hits to the head . Former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling , 62 , committed suicide in April 2012 . An autopsy found signs of CTE . A study published in December in the journal Brain looked at brain tissue of 34 professional football players after they died . All but one showed evidence of disease . Opinion : Junior Seau was hurting and did n't know how to say it	Oliver shot himself in the head , police report says He played six seasons with the San Diego Chargers Oliver was depressed over marital , career issues , wife says
CNN  -- "  I learned that courage was not the absence of fear , but the triumph over it . The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid , but he who conquers that fear . " Nelson Mandela For Kevin-Prince Boateng it was a depressingly familiar soundtrack : the monkey noises , the name-calling , the crude racial stereotyping . He 'd always ignored it in the past , and for 25 minutes of AC Milan 's match with lower league Pro Patria in early January this year he 'd done the same . But then something inside him snapped . The 26-year-old picked up the ball and propelled it in the direction of his abusers before storming from the field of play , followed by his teammates . The game was over and Boateng 's protest transformed this exhibition match into headline news around the globe , plunging football 's authorities into crisis management mode . "  I could hear from the crowd some monkey noises and this went on for about 25 minutes . Every time I touched the ball I could hear the crowd , " Boateng told CNN . "  I said to myself , in this kind of environment , in this situation , I do n't want to play football anymore . "  I came to the dressing room and I was the first , and saw one  teammate  , then the second one and then the whole team came . I was really surprised and then really proud . I thanked all of them for following me . "  After not even 10 minutes I had , like , 86 phone calls on my phone and I thought something had happened , but it was just an unbelievable impact . It went all around the world within the first hour . " The authorities react Boateng 's actions were applauded and condemned in equal measure but , undeniably , they forced the game 's authorities to stand up and take notice . As recently as 2011 FIFA president Sepp Blatter told CNN that on-field racism did n't exist in football and that those who thought they 'd been abused during a game should simply shake hands upon the final whistle and move on . He later insisted his comments had been misinterpreted and underlined his commitment to fighting racism in football and society . But while Blatter insisted that walking off the field was the wrong way to tackle discrimination , there 's no doubt Boateng 's protest provoked the head of world soccer 's governing body into decisive action . A task force against racism and discrimination was formed , with Boateng invited to join ahead of its first meeting on May 6 . It formulated proposals that would see any player or official found guilty of racism banned for five matches while teams could be docked points , expelled from competition or even relegated for persistent offenses . Those recommendations were ratified at FIFA 's recent congress in Mauritius and were hailed by the task force 's head Jeffrey Webb as a "  defining moment " in soccer 's fight against racism . Boateng was also invited to the United Nations , where he told the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination that racism was a "  dangerous disease . " UEFA , European football 's governing body , went further than FIFA , implementing a minimum 10-match ban for racist abuse by players or officials and escalating measures for clubs including fines and stadium closures for repeat offenders . But although football 's authorities have now adopted a stronger stance to combat what has long been an ugly stain on the game , the picture on the ground is more clouded . CNN contacted more than 15 European football associations asking a series of questions on the prevalence of racism . One of only a handful who replied , the Portuguese FA , said they do n't have any record of racist abuse cases in their country . This despite Porto being fined $ 26,000 by UEFA for racist abuse directed at Mario Balotelli , then a Manchester City player , during a Europa League match in 2012 . The English club was later fined $ 39,000 in the same competition for taking to the field late after halftime . On the ground in Serbia The situation in Serbia reflects the complex nature of such an explosive topic . The technical director of the Serbian Football Association , Savo Milosevic , told CNN that his country 's problems with racism have been exaggerated . "  I think people made out of this a much bigger problem than we actually have , " he said . "  We do n't have a strategy to fight against racism in the FA of Serbia , we also do n't have a strategy in our government to fight against racism , simply because we do n't consider this a problem here . " He cited the difficulties they face with crowd violence as a more pressing concern , with Serbia repeatedly warned about the conduct of its supporters , who rioted and caused a Euro 2012 qualifying game with Italy to be abandoned back in 2010 . But the Serbian FA was recently fined # 65,000  $ 84,000  by UEFA after an ill-tempered under-21 match against England in which visiting player Danny Rose claimed he 'd been subjected to monkey chants from the crowd . The incident , and the fine , prompted criticism of UEFA from the British government , whose sports minister Hugh Robertson expressed his disappointment at the sanctions in relation to what he called "  widespread racist abuse . " Milosevic , just like the Serbian FA did at the time , insisted the punishment was related to a brawl between the players and not to do with racism . Passionate fans On CNN 's visit to the Belgrade derby between Partizan and Red Star , notorious for the fervency of both sets of fans , there was violence in the stands , and several fires lit but no audible racism . Reflecting the diverse nature of many playing squads within European football , Red Star 's team contained several black players who told CNN they 'd experienced no racial abuse since joining the club . But while progress has been made on the field , with players from a wide range of nationalities sharing dressing rooms around Europe and standing together to present a united front against the scourge of discrimination , flashpoints keep occurring in the stands , especially in Italy . Lazio was issued with a $ 186,000 fine after racist chanting from its fans during three matches in the Europa League : two against English club Tottenham in September and November 2012 , and one against Maribor of Slovenia in December . And in May , Boateng , along with Italy striker Mario Balotelli and Ghana international Sulley Muntari , were the targets when a game between AC Milan and Roma was temporarily halted as visiting fans chanted racist abuse at the trio . Balotelli , one of Europe 's most high-profile black players , told CNN in an exclusive interview that he would walk off the field if the abuse persisted while Muntari expressed his desire to "  kill " all racism in the game . They epitomized a new resolve among the game 's top players to stamp out discrimination , sparked by Boateng 's actions in the small town of Busto Arsizio in the Lombardy region of the country on that January afternoon . Boateng 's resolve His abusers at Pro Patria were recently handed jail sentences ranging from 40 days to two months and Boateng is convinced the past five months are proof that there is hope for the future . "  I 'm taking care of these things because I want my son to grow up in a nice place and not in a place where he has to be confronted by racism , " Boateng explained to CNN . "  But I never ever thought that if something happened like this that I would react the way I did , that was just out of the emotion and anger in that situation . "  I would say that it 's there every day . It 's still there and that 's a big problem , because we are in the year 2013 and we still have to face racism . There are so many people who are fighting it now , and I want to be a part of that . "  I 'm very confident . I had so many talks and so much support from people who want to help , who have offered their help . " After years of mixed messages from the top , it appears there is now an appetite to launch an assault on the outdated attitudes that still infiltrate the modern game . But given the recent resurgence of racist incidents in Europe , and the muddled picture in various pockets of the continent , the path towards zero tolerance is sure to prove painstaking . Should the globe 's most popular sport manage to forge a way through , perhaps it will be able to point to the events of January 3 as a turning point . As far as Boateng is concerned , had it been a friendly , or one of the planet 's most high-profile games his reaction would have been the same . "  I think we should not accept and tolerate racism anywhere , in any game , whether it 's a friendly game or a World Cup final or it 's a Champions League final , " he said . "  For me I would honestly do it even if it was a Champions League final . "	Kevin-Prince Boateng 's walk-off protest marked pivotal moment in soccer 's racism battle Milan midfielder left the field after being abused during match with Pro Patria He now sits on FIFA 's anti-racism task force as authorities reacted to his protest Both UEFA and FIFA have passed new laws to try and eradicate racism from the game
CNN  -- Japanese writer and director Hideo Nakata has been hailed as the modern master of macabre . The master of macabre , Hideo Nakata did n't start out in film aiming to make horror movies . His 1998 film "  Ringu " -- adapted from a novel by Suzuki Koji , the Japanese Steven King -- redefined the horror genre , propelled Nakata into the international spotlight and soon had Hollywood calling . Born in Okayama , Japan , in 1961 , Nakata enrolled at the University of Tokyo to study journalism . On graduating he went on to work in Japan 's Nikkatsu Studios , the same place where renowned director Akira Kurosawa started out . He did n't ' start out aiming to make horror films , but it was Nikkatsu Studios that Nakata met Hiroshi Takahashi , the screenplay writer for "  Ringu . " An international hit , "  Ringu " centers on a cursed videotape that kills whoever watches it . It appeared in cinemas at the same time mainstream western horror films were churning out gruesome violence as the means to get audiences hiding behind their popcorn . Nakata 's artfully directed and terrifying film was a nether-world away from these schlock horror and slasher flicks , instead utilizing suspense and a pervading sense of dread . Western audiences expecting to watch good-looking teenagers getting chopped up in a blizzard of gore were treated to something much creepier . For Hollywood producers , Nakata has been a gold-mine of remake material . If dread is the word that has become synonymous with Nakata 's work , there was a great sense of it among many of Nakata 's fans when it was announced that there would be a Hollywood remake of "  Ringu , " starring Naomi Watts . Despite fans claiming that the terror of the original was lost in translation , Nakata himself was given the opportunity to direct the Hollywood sequel , "  The Ring 2 , " in 2005 . The series ' success has spawned a third installment , due to be released in 2009 that Nakata will also be directing . Shunning computer generated monsters or gallons of fake-blood and guts , "  Ringu " and other Nakata films including "  Dark Water , " which was also remade by Hollywood in 2005 , use glimpses of mysterious abstract images -- a reflection in a TV screen , an unsettling , spreading damp patch of water -- to ratchet up the terror . Fans and critics have compared the chilling atmosphere of his films with that of Roman Polanski 's work , in "  Rosemary 's Baby " and "  The Tenant . " Nakata then has been credited with turning on a whole new audience to Asian horror films with an altogether more subtle approach to scaring the wits out of people . He reveals the finer points of his scare tactics to Anjali Rao on Talk Asia this weekend . E-mail to a friend	Director of Japanese horror film "  Ringu " has redefined a genre Trained as a journalist , he did not start out aiming to make horror films Has remade a number of his films for Hollywood to mixed reviews
Washington  CNN  -- When Paul Ryan struggled to explain a budget-balancing timeline under Mitt Romney , he highlighted the difficulty of trying to run a substantive campaign without being too specific . While Ryan 's interview Tuesday with Fox News ' Brit Hume was no Sarah Palin-Katie Couric moment , the Republican vice presidential candidate 's discomfort in answering when Romney 's proposal would balance the budget was evident . Ryan , a seven-term congressman from Wisconsin and chairman of the House Budget Committee , said he was unsure when Romney 's proposals would balance the federal budget . Romney 's plans say he would "  put the federal government on a course toward a balanced budget " but does not say when . Mitt Romney 's 5-point plan for the economy Hume repeatedly pressed Ryan on the question of "  when " Romney 's budget would balance . Hume : "  The budget plan you 're now supporting would get to balance when ? " Ryan : "  Well , there are different -- the budget plan that Mitt Romney is supporting gets us down to 20 % of GDP  gross domestic product  government spending by 2016 . That means get the size of government back to where it historically has been . What President Obama has done is he brought the size of government to as high as it has n't been since World War II . We want to reduce the size of government to have more economic freedom . " Hume : "  I get that . What about balance ? " Ryan : "  I do n't know exactly what the balance is . I do n't want to get wonky on you , but we have n't run the numbers on that specific plan . The plan we offer in the House balances the budget . I 'd put a contrast . President Obama , never once , ever , has offered a plan to ever balance the budget . The United States Senate , they have n't even balanced , they have n't passed a budget in three years . " Hume : "  I understand that . But your own budget , that you -- Ryan : "  You are talking about the House budget ? " Hume : "  I 'm talking about the House budget . Your budget will be a political issue in this campaign . " Ryan : "  The House budget does n't balance until the 2030s under the current measurement of the CBO  Congressional Budget Office  baseline . " The Romney campaign did not respond immediately to a request for comment on a budget balancing timeline . Ryan 's plan , which the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says would bring the federal budget "  nearly in balance in 2050 , " has overshadowed Romney 's more vague proposals since the younger man was named to the ticket . As a result , Ryan , one of the GOP 's leading numbers guys , has had the unenviable task of underscoring that the Republican ticket has a plan -- albeit a fuzzy one -- while steering clear of outshining his would-be boss on budget matters . "  It has put him in an awkward position . He has answered the questions provided , but he ca n't go into too much detail because they would come off as the position of the campaign , " said Mark Jones , chairman of Rice University 's political science department . There are definite differences in the level of detail in Ryan 's and Romney 's plans . Under Ryan 's proposal , the deficit "  would be around 1 % of gross domestic product in the 2020s and would decline further after 2030 " -- ultimately showing a surplus by 2040 . Romney 's economic plan proposes capping federal spending at 20 % of GDP in 2016 , while calculations based on the CBO scoring of Ryan 's budget show spending on all federal programs -- including entitlements , mandatory and discretionary spending -- would be about 17.25 % of GDP in 2030 . The report did not include calculations for 2016 . Romney 's plan , released in September 2011 , does not say when he would bring the federal budget into balance , and in March the candidate said his plans "  ca n't be scored " because key details are omitted , such as how he would change deductions and exemption in the tax code . Asked in his Tuesday interview what loopholes and deductions the Romney-Ryan administration would eliminate , Ryan deferred . Ryan 's discomfort in elaborating further on the ticket 's budget proposal is also because the conservative congressman 's plan "  is better understood as a long-term initiative to roll back the role of federal government in society , " said CNN senior political analyst Ron Brownstein . And even Romney has acknowledged that he and his running mate are n't fully simpatico when it comes to budget matters . Shortly after Ryan was named to the ticket , the Romney campaign circulated a talking points memo to surrogates that urged them to stress that "  Romney applauds Paul Ryan for going in the right direction with his budget , and as president he will be putting together his own plan for cutting the deficit and putting the budget on a path to balance . " As recently as Monday , Romney again made clear there are some differences between the two men 's approach to the budget . "  I 'm sure there are places that my budget is different than his , but we 're on the same page as I said before , " Romney said on the trail Monday . "  We 'll look at the differences . Well , the items we agree on I think outweigh any differences there may be . We have n't gone through piece by piece . ... I ca n't imagine any two people even in the same party who have exactly the same positions on all issues . " Some conservatives , who cheered when Romney picked Ryan , worry that in some ways the guy at the top of the ticket may be hanging his would-be second in command out to dry . "  I 'm sure there are differences between the two , but to his credit , Paul Ryan has a plan ; neither Barack Obama nor Mitt Romney for that matter really have a plan with the specificity , " conservative commentator and CNN contributor Erick Erickson said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Early Start . " "  Paul Ryan has a 90-page outline of what he wants to do in actual legislative language . ... Now should there be differences between them ? I guess , but when you bring Paul Ryan on the ticket , a guy who the Democrats in 2011 were already running commercials with a Paul Ryan look-alike shoving a grandmother off a cliff , you ca n't really distance yourself from that . " But there does appear to be some distancing , which could provide President Obama 's re-election campaign plenty of room to fill in the blanks when it comes to the Romney-Ryan ticket 's budget plans , Jones said . "  It 's on the Romney campaign to provide  Ryan  more areas of leeway where he can go into detail , " Jones said . "  They need to come up with greater specifics with the area of budgeting ; if they do n't , the Obama campaign will define them . They also need to define which areas of  the  Ryan plan  Romney will adopt  . " CNN 's Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	Paul Ryan , a top GOP numbers guy , struggles to explain Mitt Romney 's fuzzy budget details Part of Ryan 's difficulty stems from difference between his and Romney 's budget proposals Expert : Romney campaign needs to give Ryan some leeway where he can go into specifics Otherwise , the professor says , "  the Obama campaign will define them "
CNN  -- I 'm frustrated by the story of "  Django Unchained " actress Daniele Watts ' claim of racism after being detained by a police officer . I think it is true that police officers , in general , are more likely to be suspicious of black people than white people in specific circumstances , and I know the phenomenon of "  driving while black " happens . I have clients who have been pulled over , questioned and detained without any obvious probable cause . It reminds me of an incident a few weeks ago in which Hollywood producer Charles Belk was detained by police officers for six hours until cops realized they had the wrong "  tall , bald-headed black male . " Such an event is demoralizing and humiliating , and it is evidence of how ingrained cultural biases affect law-abiding citizens . It 's the kind of action that gives black people reason to be distrustful of cops . What happened to Belk is the kind of incident that can help white people understand how racial bias impacts other people 's lives . White people , like it or not , receive the benefit of racial bias , although it 's hardly ever very apparent when it happens . When I quickly catch a cab in Manhattan , I do n't think , "  that was easy because I was white . " When I 'm pulled over by police , I never think , "  I bet this would go better if I was black . " It 's an unnatural thought process , but it 's a thought process that keeps many whites from understanding an experience shared by many blacks . When such an incident happens to a high-profile personality -- such as a Hollywood producer or actress -- it provides an opportunity for people from both sides of the racial divide to connect and identify with the story . In a situation like Belk 's , it has the potential to foster a broader understanding of our inherent cultural biases . That 's a good thing ; it 's a conversation about race that has the potential to bring us closer together . But the details in the Watts ' case could produce the opposite effects . Police responded to a very specific call : a white man and a black woman in a Mercedes involved in a sex act outside the CBS Studio . The officer explained why he had probable cause to ask for her identification . Her continued refusal to comply resulted in her being temporarily placed in handcuffs . When her boyfriend persuaded her to produce her ID , she was finally released . Here are some basic legal procedures : Police are allowed to ask you for your identification when they are investigating a particular event that may be a crime ; it 's part of their job . If they have probable cause to believe an actual crime occurred , they are allowed to arrest you . Asking for your ID is a polite first step to establish whether further investigation is appropriate and whether an arrest is warranted . I have analyzed and critiqued cops ' behavior lately , and I think law enforcement everywhere in this country has to do better , especially when it comes to addressing bias in their police work . However , there are some basic rules to follow when interacting with law enforcement : respect them and their authority -- indeed , their obligation -- to investigate circumstances . If a cop acts inappropriate , file that complaint later , not during the interaction on the street . That is a battle you simply will not win . In Watts ' case , the officer was doing his job , and it was Watts who was out of line . I think many people -- especially many white people -- are going to look at the Watts situation and come to the conclusion that she overreacted . In the best-case scenario , it detracts from the significance of cases like the Belk case , in which outrage is justified . In the worst-case scenario , Watts ' reaction re-entrenches prejudices held by some that black suspects contribute disproportionately to the contentious relationship between cops and the black community . Either way , Watts ' behavior and her accusations in this case are not conducive to advancing thoughtful discussions about race . If we want a constructive conversation , we need to engage in a way that brings us together , not pushes us further apart .	Actress Daniele Watts claimed racism after being detained by a police officer Mark O'Mara : In this case , officer was doing his job , and it 's Watts who was out of line He says many incidents do give black people reason to be distrustful of cops O'Mara : In general , law enforcement can do better in addressing racial bias
Paris  CNN  -- A friend of Pippa Middleton 's , the sister-in-law of Britain 's Prince William , apologized Wednesday for an incident in which a friend of his brandished a toy gun at press photographers in Paris . Arthur de Soultrait said he , Middleton and a friend of his were in a car being followed by paparazzi on Saturday when the unnamed friend waved the toy pistol at the photographers . Middleton "  had no idea he was going to do that and told him to stop immediately . She did not find it funny , " de Soultrait said in a statement . She had been "  subject to constant and dangerous harassment by paparazzi throughout her time in Paris , " he said . "  I regret enormously that this incident happened , and especially that Pippa has been subject to subsequent attention through no fault of her own , " he concluded . Middleton is the younger sister of William 's wife , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . William is second in line to the British throne behind his father , Prince Charles . Photos of Middleton in the car with the man wielding what seems to be a gun caused a storm of outrage which should act as a wake-up call , royal watchers warned . "  This story is very damaging for her , " veteran London-based public relations expert Max Clifford said . "  There has been nothing but a honeymoon for Pippa since last year 's royal wedding , so this is dreadful , " Clifford said . "  It comes particularly at a time when guns in Paris are such a sensitive issue . The reality is , she could have been shot by police . " Middleton has been a target for tabloid newspapers and paparazzi since her sister married Prince William in April 2011 . Shortly after the wedding , personal pictures of the 28-year-old began to leak out to the press , including a photo showing her in a bikini while on vacation in 2006 with her sister and Prince William . A photo of Middleton sunbathing topless on that trip was also made public . Later , undated photos from a private party showing her dancing in her bra were leaked . Lawyers said Middleton was unlikely to face charges over the incident in Paris unless it could be proved that she encouraged the driver to point the gun on public streets , but the driver could face charges of threatening with a firearm . Buckingham Palace said it would not comment on the photo because Middleton is not a member of the royal family . There has been a spate of gun violence in France recently , including a series of attacks last month that killed seven people , including three children . The incident took place while security was heightened ahead of France 's presidential election . "  Pippa must understand she 's in the middle of a media spotlight , and she ca n't just turn the attention on and off , " Clifford added . "  I assume she has PR advice , but either she 's getting incredibly bad advice , or she 's not listening . " The photographer who snapped the shot was "  considering his options " about a formal police complaint , The Sun reported . The Daily Express ' royal correspondent Richard Palmer commented that ever since Middleton became last year 's most celebrated bridesmaid at the wedding of her sister , she has been "  riding the crest of a wave of popularity . Some think she has also been riding for a fall . " Palmer said Middleton was popular at high-society events , but she and her friends needed "  to learn how to behave in front of the cameras in return . " The incident "  will have embarrassed her sister , Kate , her brother-in-law Prince William and also the queen in her Diamond Jubilee year . She needs to explain herself and apologize . "	Pippa Middleton was being chased by paparazzi in Paris , her friend says Another person in the car brandished a toy gun at the photographers She 's the younger sister of Prince William 's wife , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge The outrage over the incident should be a wake-up call to her , royal watchers say
CNN  -- It 's grown from selling clothes to a handful of friends inside a small dorm room to a popular fashion website featuring more than 1,000 stylish items . Admittedly , it 's been quite a journey for Serah Kanyua , the co-founder of Closet49 , an online marketplace that links buyers of clothes and accessories to sellers across Kenya . Launched just over a year ago , the growing website features a mix of new and used fashion items -- from custom-made pieces by young designers and boutique stores to well-preserved clothes from women looking to de-clutter their closets . "  We simply merged the idea to sell affordable fashion to people who just did n't want to pay too much , " says Kanyua . "  And also give people an opportunity to sell off clothes they do n't want anymore in their closet but are still in good condition -- and you can be able to get extra cash , " she adds . Kanyua first began selling clothes to her friends back in 2008 while studying at the University of Nairobi . "  They would tell me , ` well , where did you get this dress from ? ' " she recalls . "  I said , ` if I see something that you like then I will get it for you . ' And then it suddenly became a bi-weekly thing , where they would stop by my room and select what they liked -- so that really kick-started it off . " After graduating with a marketing degree , Kanyua then decided to expand her small venture , going into business with her high school friend Irene Abagi . Using Kanyua 's living room as their base , the two business partners called their shop Closet49 . "  When we met the first time to try to exchange clothes and buy from each other as friends , we had , like , 49 items so we picked 49 , " says Kanyua . While the two entrepreneurs still use Kanyua 's living room as a physical store twice a week , they see the biggest opportunities for growth online , where buyers can connect to sellers 24 hours a day , seven days a week . Kanyua says they started with about 10 customers a month and they 're now getting about 100 , while last year there were some 2,500 fashion items sold through the website . "  There is huge potential in this market , " says Kanyua . "  It is quite competitive but at same time there is huge opportunity , " she adds . Global connections Kenya has experienced a major IT boom over the past few years , spurred by a rapid increase in the usage of mobile phones . According to the latest data by the Communications Commission of Kenya , the number of mobile phone subscribers rose to 31.2 million in September 2013 , while internet users stood at 19.1 million . The growth has the potential to revolutionize the east African country 's retail sector . In recent years , several web-based marketplaces have proliferated as more and more mobile phone users turn online to buy or sell goods and services . Indeed , the widespread adoption of mobile money platforms like M-Pesa has turned Kenya into "  a global leader in mobile money transfer service , " according to Freedom House , a U.S.-based think tank . But while websites such as Closet49 connect users and buyers within Kenya , other online marketplaces such as Soko enable small-scale artisans and producers sell their handcrafted creations not only locally but also across the world . Soko , which means marketplace in Swahili , allows jewelry makers and craftspeople to participate in the international trade . It helps them link directly with buyers from around the world , even if they do n't have access to a computer or a bank account . Using a simple mobile phone , artisans can create virtual storefronts by posting their products on Soko 's e-commerce website . Consumers then can buy directly from the designers , with Soko facilitating shipment and payment to the vendor . Catherine Mahugu , the Kenyan co-founder of Soko , says the site receives tens of thousands of hits per month and has helped artisans to sell thousands of products to consumers from places such as the United States , Canada , Europe and Australia . "  Soko transforms the ubiquitous mobile phone into a tool for trade that expands access to economic opportunity for developing world producers of handmade goods , giving them a greater share of the profits of the global creative goods industry , " says Mahugu . Looking ahead , the Soko team has big plans for the future . Mahugu says the e-commerce marketplace will be looking to expand its geographical footprint , scaling across East Africa and West Africa as well as piloting in India and Latin America . Back in Kanyua 's home , the young entrepreneur says she hopes Closet49 's annual profits will make them a million Kenyan shillings in the next two to three years -- a goal of about $ 12,000 in profit a year . "  It 's working , you can see the growth , " she says . "  So it 's really exciting when you see all that working out , " adds Kanyua . "  I am not denying there are no ups and downs for anyone out there who wants to start but It 's really , at the end of the day , very satisfying that you are building something that you are proud of , that you are working , that you like , and then still be able to pay your bills . " READ THIS : ` Nigerian iTunes ' dances to mobile beat READ THIS : Orphans launch Rwandan Craigslist	E-commerce platforms like Closet49 and Soko have proliferated in Kenya More and more mobile phone users are turning online to buy and sell goods Closet49 is an online marketplace linking buyers of clothes to sellers in the country Soko links artisans directly to online global consumers using a simple mobile phone
CNN  -- A powerful storm that swept across the country this week was on its way to the North Atlantic on Friday , leaving rain , snow and at least four deaths in its wake . At one point , the line of storms stretched from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . It dumped snow in the north-central and northeastern United States and torrential rain in the Ohio and Mississippi valleys , and brought tornadoes in the Deep South . Four people were killed in separate incidents in Missouri , Mississippi and Nebraska . A woman froze to death after her car broke down near Berea , Nebraska , when a blizzard struck Monday , state police said . Her son survived , but suffered frostbite and hypothermia , and was at a local hospital . An employee for Ameren Missouri was electrocuted Thursday while attempting to restore power after storms , the company said . In Mississippi , one person died when a tornado destroyed a steel building along a highway in Kemper County , on the Alabama border , on Thursday , the National Weather Service said . It rated the storm an EF3 , meaning the tornado had winds of between 136 and 165 mph and was capable of severe damage . A 34-year-old woman from Oxford , Mississippi , was killed when the vehicle she was driving apparently hydroplaned , then overturned several times , the state highway patrol said . Her passenger was injuried but survived . Another five people were hurt in the storms across Mississippi , state emergency management agency said . At least seven counties in Mississippi and four in Alabama suffered damage , officials said . Georgia 's emergency management agency reported trees down in several counties Thursday night . A weak tornado snapped large limbs and caused power outages around Slidell on Louisiana 's Gulf coast , according to the National Weather Service . Watch as tornado approaches Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency after storms pummeled the St. Louis area and other parts of the state Wednesday night . The National Weather Service said an EF2 tornado , with winds of between 111 and 135 mph , was responsible for damage to more than 100 homes , according to the governor 's website . Arkansas also was hard hit , prompting Gov. Mike Beebe to declare 15 counties state disaster areas . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Phil Gast , Cristy Lenz , Dave Alsup and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	At least three people are dead from the line of storms The storm is moving out to sea Tornadoes strike Missouri , Louisiana and Mississippi The storm leaves snow in the north-central and northeastern U.S.
CNN  -- Kentucky Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes refused to say whether she voted for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 , instead deflecting the question by insisting that her race "  is n't about the President . " "  I respect the sanctity of the ballot box and I know that members of this editorial board do as well , " she said . "  I do n't think the President is on the ballot as much as Mitch McConnell might want him to be . " Some Republicans were quick to notice the awkward moment and post the short clip to YouTube . She did , however , lend her support to another major Democratic political figure : Former President Bill Clinton . "  I think Kentuckians know I 'm a Clinton Democrat through and through . " Clinton , an active campaigner for Grimes , is a decades-old friend of Grimes father , the former chairman of the Kentucky Democratic Party . Grimes ' refusal to say whether she voted for Obama is the most recent in a series of attempts to distance herself with an unpopular President , who endures a meager 35 % job approval rating in the Bluegrass State , according to an October Fox poll . On her campaign website , Grimes calls Obama 's policies on coal "  misguided , " arguing that his efforts "  harm hard-working Kentuckians and their families . " The energy-rich state is known for its coal industry , prompting Grimes to release a "  Pro Coal plan " while other Democrats , including the President , have bristled at Kentucky 's sky high carbon emissions . And in September , the candidate made headlines when she wielded a shotgun in a campaign ad . "  I 'm not Barack Obama , " Grimes , 35 , says in the ad . "  I disagree with him on guns , coal and the EPA . " Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats	Alison Lundergan Grimes wo n't say if she voted for President Obama in 2008 or 2012 This is the most recent attempt to distance herself from her party 's unpopular leader Grimes has repeatedly called herself a "  Clinton Democrat "
CNN  -- As an 11-year-old boy , Hedi Slimane sought refuge in the school darkroom . Shortly after starting photography classes , the former Dior Homme designer had a key to the lab and would go there to develop photos whenever he could . He may be one of the most influential designers of this century , but it is the camera that continues to fascinate Slimane . Born to a an Italian mother who worked as a seamstress and a Tunisian father , Slimane is credited with transforming the male silhouette when he introduced skinny jeans with a rock 'n' roll edge at the turn of the century . In 2002 , he was declared International Designer of the Year by the Council of Fashion Designers of America , previously won by Karl Lagerfeld and Jean-Paul Gaultier . In 2007 , Slimane turned his back on fashion , leaving Dior , and returning to photography to take melancholic androgynous images heavily influenced by the British music scene . Today , he shoots for fashion magazines and his subjects have included Lady Gaga , Lindsay Lohan and Robert Pattinson . Now based in Los Angeles , he is photographing California youth culture and has an exhibition opening in November . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Slimane talks about falling in love with photography ; his book , "  Anthology of a Decade , " which follows his journey through fashion , music and the art world ; and how the attacks of 9/11 are forever imprinted on to his mind . CNN : What is your first memory of photography ? Hedi Slimane : My parents offered me my first camera , a vintage Nikon F and a 50mm lens for my birthday and I developed an exclusive passion for it over the years . Since I was not the most social kid on the block , the camera helped me to express myself , invent my own language -- something like a secret garden . I decided early on I would not write in a diary but take silent photographs instead . This is , of course , what I still had in mind when , in 2007 , I started to develop online this idea of a photographic "  diary , " which later became a format , or definition for some emerging photography blogs . CNN : How would you describe your style ? HS : It has not evolved much over the decades . I started as a black-and-white teenage photographer , and I 'm still there decades after . In some ways , the genre is almost gone . I am thinking of true , stubborn , lifetime black-and-white photographers , as opposed to black-and-white as a photographic commodity . I presume my work has also always been about reduction -- the subject alone -- without any distraction or after effects , outside emotions , or intimacy or complicity with the subject ... The grace of it all and the fragility of it all are the main subject . CNN : Who or what inspires you ? HS : Mostly the subject of the photograph , which can be anyone really , coming down the street -- someone that has no idea . "  Heroism " in photography , just like in a novel , is for everyone . Choosing it , or finding it , is the most difficult thing , really . It is mostly a mere coincidence , or some sort of luck . Besides , I like it to stay very organic , and to remember a personal story behind all my subjects . CNN : What are some of your favorite images from ` Anthology of a Decade ? ' HS : I 'm so personally attached to all the characters I met and photographed over the years ... the anthology is like a photographic reliquary that could potentially preserve their grace , fierce joy , and restlessness . Some of them , like Amy Winehouse , are so sadly already gone . CNN : Your photography documents the European music scene , the New York art scene and global street fashion . How are music , art and fashion interconnected in your eyes ? HS : Music , since the 1950s and the birth of the concept of the "  youth " as a social group , has always been a laboratory for new ideas and sub-cultures . Music defines decades , and quite clearly shapes the rhythm , vitality of fashion , attitude and social behaviors . The anthology , just like most of my work , from photography to fashion design , is about and around music . CNN : Your book is a reflection of the past decade . What have the last 10 years been like for you ? HS : This decade is certainly the most significant and singular decade ... a decade which has transformed us completely . Tragically , this decade started in 2001 , rather than 2000 . Together with the rise of the internet , September 11 and its aftermath has changed most of our lives . The anthology and most of its subjects are somehow representative of this decade . The new indie generation in music was born in 2001 and the internet and newborn social networks ended up as an experimental channel for most of the musicians involved in the anthology project . CNN : What is the most enduring image of the last decade for you ? HS : September 11 , unfortunately . It is interesting to foresee the awakening of the Arab world , and hopefully growing democracy , as the beginning of the new one . California Song , a collection of photographs by Hedi Slimane , will be on view at MOCA Pacific Design Center in Los Angeles from 12 November 2011 . More information : moca.org Anthology of a Decade , published by JRP-Ringier , 2011	Hedi Slimane has photographed Amy Winehouse , Pete Doherty , John Lydon and more Former Dior Homme designer-turned-photographer talks about turning his back on fashion Recently published collection of his work , "  Anthology of a Decade " Currently working on a solo exhibition , "  California Song "
CHINHOYI , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe was celebrating his 85th birthday with a lavish all-day party Saturday despite the fact that the country is gripped by an economic and health crisis . President Robert Mugabe and his wife , Grace , attend a cake-cutting ceremony for his birthday Saturday . Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party said it raised at least $ 250,000 to hold the party in Mugabe 's hometown of Chinhoyi , about 120 kilometers  75 miles  outside of the capital , Harare . Critics of the president say the country is desperate for that amount of money to be spent instead on its citizens , who are suffering from a cholera outbreak , food shortages , and spiraling hyperinflation . On Friday , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai visited a hospital 's closed intensive care unit that he said needed $ 30,000 to resume operating . During the celebrations , Mugabe announced that his controversial land reform would not be reversed . The program is designed to have white-owned farms given to blacks , and there have been violent seizures of such farms since the program began in 2000 . Watch Mugabe 's birthday bash " He emphasized that the country 's "  indigenization program " -- which forces all major foreign companies operating in Zimbabwe to have at least 51 percent black ownership -- will be carried out . It began last year and has n't been implemented yet . Mugabe 's birthday falls on February 21 but his party loyalists postponed the celebrations as they were raising money for the event . "  I think it is going to be a great day for the legend and icon whose birthday we are celebrating today here , " said Mugabe 's nephew Patrick Zhuwawo , one of the fund-raisers for the birthday . "  The country might be having problems , but we need to have a day to honor the sacrifices the president has made for this country . " What do you think about the celebrations ? Zhuwawo said about 100 beasts would be slaughtered for the birthday bash . iReport.com : What do you think about Mugabe 's lavish party ? Mugabe also invited schoolchildren from around the country to attend the party , being held at Chinhoyi University . The farming town of Chinhoyi is usually quiet , but Saturday 's event has changed everything . Cars with Mugabe 's supporters could be seen hooting and some ZANU-PF supporters sang Mugabe 's praises . A banner in Chinhoyi read , "  Age ai n't nothing but a number . " Mugabe invited Tsvangirai , his new partner in a power-sharing government , but a Tsvangirai spokesman said the opposition party leader turned it down . He said it is political party function , with most of the attendees being ZANU-PF elite . As the prime minister , Tsvangirai is not obligated to attend , the spokesman said . The spokesman would not acknowledge whether Tsvangirai had initially agreed to attend , but it was widely reported in Zimbabwean media that he had agreed to do so . "  Mr. Tsvangirai has other commitments , as far as I know , " said Nelson Chamisa , a spokesman for Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change . Tsvangirai last year said Mugabe 's birthday party was "  a gathering of the satisfied few . " But at that point , he and the president were preparing to face off in a hotly contested presidential election . As Saturday 's celebrations began in a carnival atmosphere , just less than a kilometer  0.62 miles  away stood a deserted Chinhoyi government hospital -- a reflection of the country 's dire health situation . A few nurses are attending to patients . "  There are no medicines . These patients have no option but to come here , but there is nothing we can do , " said one nurse at the hospital . On Friday Tsvangirai visited Harare Hospital , one of the country 's biggest , and said its intensive care unit will need $ 30,000 in order to start operating again after a funding shortage . Once a darling of Zimbabwe , Mugabe is blamed for driving the country into a meltdown . A cholera epidemic that broke out in August has since hit every corner of the country , killing 3,731 people and infecting nearly 80,000 , according to the World Health Organization , which quoted Zimbabwe 's Ministry of Health . The preventable disease has spread through Zimbabwe 's 10 provinces through lack of access to clean water , faulty sewage systems , and uncollected refuse , according to Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  , which released a report this month on the outbreak . The problems , MSF said , are "  clear symptoms of the breakdown in infrastructure resulting from Zimbabwe 's political and economic meltdown . " On Sunday , Tsvangirai appealed to the international community to help Zimbabwe 's crippled economy , saying it would take $ 5 billion to stabilize the country . The cholera outbreak has worsened Zimbabwe 's economic crisis . Failed government policies and an acute food shortage because of years of poor agricultural production and widespread corruption have ravaged the currency of Zimbabwe , which has the world 's highest inflation rate . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Mugabe 's ZANU-PF raised $ 250,000 in order to hold the party NEW : At party Mugabe said controversial land reform would not be reversed Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai turned down invitation to party , official said Zimbabwe is struggling to cope with a cholera epidemic due to funding shortages
CNN  -- Whatever the outcome of the Trayvon Martin case , it will be viewed less as a determination of the shooter 's guilt or innocence and more as a victory or loss for civil rights , George Zimmerman 's lawyer fears . Mark O'Mara said he has been busy trying to dispel the racial overtones in the case by getting out more evidence about his client . His hope , he said , is that people will divorce a verdict from the real civil rights questions . The civil rights issue "  The more people that consider an acquittal of George Zimmerman to be a loss for civil rights , the worse for civil rights , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan . A year ago , Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , shot Martin , an African-American teenager returning home after walking to a convenience store for a drink and a snack . Public documents pertaining to the case Zimmerman said he acted in self-defense . Prosecutors say he ignored a police dispatcher 's advice and was guilty of racial profiling . The case drew national attention because police did not bring charges against Zimmerman for more than a month after the shooting , saying the circumstances required further investigation . ` Absolutely no racism ' O'Mara said the evidence will show that Zimmerman was n't profiling . He said the FBI investigated the shooting and found "  absolutely no racism . " "  As a matter of fact , they found a lot of events and instances where George was what you might call an absolute nonracist , " O'Mara said . On February 26 , 2012 , Martin was walking back to the Sanford , Florida , apartment of his father 's fiancee after picking up some Skittles and an iced tea at 7-Eleven . That 's when Zimmerman , then a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , spotted him walking through the complex . What happened between then and when Zimmerman fatally shot the teen is subject to dispute , one that could be settled by a jury starting June 10 , when Zimmerman is set to go on trial on a second-degree murder charge . One night , two stories The jury will have to decide between two starkly different versions of what happened that night . Zimmerman told police that the two exchanged words and Martin went after him . According to his account , the teen -- who was unarmed -- punched him , forced him to the ground , and slammed his head on a sidewalk . Letters to Zimmerman show split opinions Zimmerman then shot Martin in self-defense , he claims . Martin 's family and supporters , though , have long had a different story . One of the first to tell it was his father , Tracy Martin , who initially addressed reporters last March 8 , trying to raise the case 's profile and hike pressure on authorities . He and , soon , others suggested Zimmerman had targeted his son , an African-American youth wearing a hooded sweatshirt , because of his race . A year later During a vigil in New York City on Tuesday night to mark the first anniversary of his son 's death , Tracy Martin pledged to continue the fight for justice . "  This is the one year anniversary of his death . It 's a somber day for us , but its also a day of peace for us , because we know as parents we 've done all that we can do to make our children 's lives right , " he said . "  The wounds have not been healed , but we 're working on healing the wounds . " Parents ready to let jury decide fate of son 's killer Up to the jury O'Mara indicated at trial he will dissect the recording of Zimmerman 's 911 call and point to evidence of the wounds Zimmerman said he suffered that night . "  I believe , you know , again , the evidence is what it is and that 's for a jury to determine , " O'Mara said . "  But a close reading or looking at that tape and all the evidence that followed , particularly George 's injuries and Trayvon 's lack of injuries but for the fatal gunshot , suggest that George did not begin the fight , did not continue the fight and actually was the victim of the attack rather than the other way around . " But a lawyer for the Martins said the fight against "  senseless gun violence " will continue . "  He went home and slept in his bed the night he killed Trayvon , " attorney Benjamin Crump said . "  And that was n't equal justice . " Crump then led a chant of "  Hoodies up ! Hoodies up ! " at the vigil . Martin family Website : Justice for Trayvon Martin George Zimmerman web sites : Legal case | The Real Geroge Zimmerman	Mark O'Mara represents George Zimmerman , who fatally shot Trayvon Martin He says the FBI found no evidence of racism An acquittal would n't be a loss for civil rights , he says Zimmerman 's trial is scheduled to start June 10
CNN  -- The earthquake and tsunami in northeastern Japan on March 11 last year took an estimated 19,000 lives , caused the evacuation of about 300,000 people , and set off the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . The meltdowns of the Fukushima Daiichi reactors ended Japan 's plans to produce half of its electricity through nuclear energy . Flotsam from 2011 Japan tsunami reaches Alaska All of Japan 's remaining reactors are offline , and experts believe that strong anti-nuclear feelings will keep them from restarting for some time . Beyond Japan 's shores , the crisis has pushed Germany , Italy and Switzerland to end their commitment to nuclear power . Fukushima has given U.S. nuclear regulators four important lessons given a tendency to downplay the far-reaching consequences of disasters and outdated ways of preparing for them . First , we know from multiple disasters that people who live far from predetermined evacuation zones will move themselves and their families to places where they feel safe . We saw this during the Three Mile Island scare when 200,000 people in Pennsylvania -- far more than the 3,500 people advised to leave -- departed en masse from the area . These "  shadow " evacuations cause gridlock and delays , impeding the evacuations that are actually necessary . Many of the evacuees never return . About one-fifth of foreigners in Japan , many living as far as 180 miles away in Tokyo , have yet to return after the exodus following the Fukushima meltdowns . Beyond simply relocating in the short term , anxiety about nuclear contamination caused many Japanese mothers to permanently take their children out of Fukushima prefecture , leaving husbands with local jobs behind . Policy makers must factor in such behaviors when planning for accidents at nuclear power facilities . Next , Fukushima illuminated the heart-rending choices faced by first responders to disasters . As the scope of the 3/11 disaster became apparent , some Tokyo Electric Power Co. workers left the site of the nuclear power plant to help their own families flee the disaster . We saw a similar situation in post-Katrina New Orleans , when New Orleans police officers evacuated with their families as floodwater rose . Of course , many first responders put their responsibilities to their communities and their posts ahead of their own self-interest . One Japanese mayor stayed at city hall helping to evacuate others rather than returning to his own home to search for his wife , who had been swept away by the tsunami . Planners must take into account the impossible choices thrust upon those on the front lines and factor in their own families ' well-being . Third , Fukushima has underscored the ways in which formal evacuation plans are "  fantasy documents . " Lee Clarke of Rutgers University pointed out long ago that documents prepared by firms operating complex and potentially hazardous facilities have to turn unknown risks into known risks for their regulators . Such plans -- which local residents may not read closely if they read them at all -- are produced to ensure that utilities follow the law . The Indian Point reactor , not even 35 miles away from downtown Manhattan , runs regular evacuation drills for people who live within 10 miles of the plant . But drawing a 10-mile circle around a nuclear facility on a map does not contain fallout at that boundary . Many observers protested when a French official running the country 's nuclear watchdog agency downplayed the consequences of the approaching Chernobyl radiation in a TV interview . He seemed to imply that the health effects of the radioactive cloud from the May 1986 meltdown had stopped at the border , as if it lacked the proper visa for entry . Radiation from the Fukushima meltdowns spread to the town of Iitate , well outside the 20-mile boundary set up by the Japanese government . All but 100 of the town 's 7,000 residents have since moved out . Experts continue to debate the size of safe zones in nuclear accidents . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has agreed to evaluate the possibility of establishing a 50-mile emergency evacuation zone around nuclear power plants in the United States . This is because the NRC itself recommended that U.S. citizens in Japan evacuate from a 50-mile zone around the Fukushima reactors soon after the accident . Past analyses showed that more than half of the population of the United States lives within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant .  Check your zip code at this site to see how far you live from one .  A 50-mile zone would require that millions of Americans be informed of their possible evacuation in the case of an accident , an outcome which would undoubtedly increase anti-nuclear sentiment . Finally , the meltdowns in Fukushima have punctured any "  100 % safe " myths that had survived Three Mile Island and Chernobyl . Engineers and planners need to show humility when talking about risks to an ever-more-skeptical public ; this is especially true in highly complex and interconnected nuclear facilities , which Charles Perrow of Yale University recognized as susceptible to "  normal accidents . " For some , nuclear power 's promise of a stable , carbon dioxide-free power source is worth any risks from accidents and the problem of nuclear waste storage . For others , Fukushima represents the third accident in an industry that has little room for error . We ignore these lessons and underestimate the potential consequences of the next disaster at our peril . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel P. Aldrich .	Daniel Aldrich : The Fukushima meltdowns reveal flaws in nuclear disaster planning Huge evacuations caused gridlock , he says , and first responders left for their families Aldrich : a 10-mile evacuation radius is a "  fantasy " ; at least a 50-mile radius is needed Aldrich : Half of America lives within 50 miles of a plant ; we ca n't dismiss the risks
"  You 're listening to Fukushima FM . " The cheery jingle on the radio reminds you of a different time in this part of eastern Japan , a different world that existed before March 11 , 2011 . Driving past houses that residents can no longer call home , you can still see sandbags holding down tarpaulins on damaged roofs . They 're the result of the devastating earthquake and tsunami more than two years ago , and repairs the owners have not yet been able to carry out . We 're inside the original 20-kilometer  12-mile  exclusion zone , an area completely evacuated after the tsunami knocked out vital cooling systems for three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , causing them to melt down and emit radioactive material . Residents can now return to certain parts of the outer exclusion zone but only during the day . The government does not want to run the risk of accumulative radiation exposure if people stay for a full 24 hours . By the side of the road we pass along , teams of workers are clearing the ground of radiation and have been since the summer of 2011 . It 's a colossal task that involves painstakingly removing the top layer of soil and grass to remove as much absorbed radiation as possible . The government-funded operation will have cost $ 1.5 billion by the end of this fiscal year , according to the Japanese government . On any given day up to 8,000 people are working on the clean-up around Fukushima Prefecture . More than a year ago , the workers here wore full protection suits , today they simply wear gloves and the basic face masks you can see anywhere in Japan -- a sign that the radiation level here has dropped . Thousands of industrial-size black bags hold the contaminated soil . They are lined up in fields , waiting for their final resting place -- wherever that may be . This is a reminder that the problem of what to do with radioactive water at the crippled Fukushima plant is not the only storage issue this country has to deal with . During the day , the steady volume of traffic in this outer part of the exclusion zone belies the invisible threat that still exists . It 's a threat that two-and-a-half years later has residents wondering when , or even if , they will be able to move back home .	Operation to clean up irradiated areas around Fukushima nuclear plant continues Original 20-kilometer  12-mile  exclusion zone around crippled facility remains Residents only allowed access to outer parts of this area for limited periods New radioactive leaks at plant continue to cause concern two and a half years on
CNN  He was the first detainee at Guantanamo to be convicted in a military commission , and now his conviction has been thrown out . A U.S. military appeals court on Wednesday vacated the conviction of David Hicks , an Australian who pleaded guilty to providing material support to terrorism . The court found that the activity for which Hicks was convicted was not an offense triable by military commission at the time he was caught . "  We are very happy for David . Today 's decision is a powerful reminder that he committed no crime , he is innocent of any offense , " said Wells Dixon , senior staff attorney at the Center for Constitutional Rights . "  David Hicks can now be truly free of Guantanamo . " Hicks was captured by U.S. troops in 2001 in Afghanistan after the U.S.-led attacks against the Taliban were launched . He was transferred to Guantanamo in 2002 as one of its original detainees . He was held there for five years before entering a guilty plea in 2007 . Under a pretrial agreement , Hicks was sentenced to seven years in prison . However , all but nine months of that was suspended . Because of a transfer agreement between the United States and Australia , Hicks was returned to Australia to serve that time . He was released from prison in late 2007 . "  I 'm looking forward to getting on with my life now that my name has been cleared , " Hicks told reporters in Sydney . He spoke about the physical ailments he suffers as a result of his time at Guantanamo , and suggested the Australian government should be responsible for his medical expenses . "  They were aware of the conditions I was being held in at the time . I think they should at least pay my medical expenses . That 's not much to ask for , I think . " He said he was kept in metal rooms in freezing conditions for years , and was n't able to move or exercise . "  The body deteriorates over five and a half years , even without the added torture , such as stress positions , being beaten , etc. , " he said . "  I 'm in need of operation on my left knee , my right elbow , my back . My teeth keep getting pulled because I could n't brush them for five and a half years , " he said . "  It 's becoming a very expensive exercise to fix myself from the years of torture . " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has ruled out issuing an apology to Hicks . "  I 'm not in the business of apologizing for the actions that Australian governments take to protect our country . Not now , not ever , " he said , according to CNN affiliate SBS . In a statement , Australia 's Attorney-General George Brandis said the ruling was based on a question of law , not on whether Hicks had engaged in the alleged activities . He suggested he would have been convicted under Australia 's current anti-terror laws . "  Mr. Hicks has made a number of admissions regarding his activities , including in letters to his family and in his book , for example that he undertook training with militia and terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and that he had met Osama bin Laden on many occasions and considered him a ` brother . ' " Hicks ' lawyer Stephen Kenny said his client had traveled to Afghanistan for military training , but that was n't what Wednesday 's ruling was about . "  What he was doing there was not at that time illegal . He was n't doing anything that was a breach of Australian , international or U.S. law . And that 's what this decision today confirms , " Kenny said . When asked by a reporter whether he was angry , Hicks said no : "  I think I 'm too defeated to have any anger . I 'm just worn out . " CNN 's Evan Perez and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	David Hicks , an Australian , had pleaded guilty to providing material support to terrorism Hicks says his time at Guantanamo has left him a physical wreck with expensive medical bills
CNN  -- The Canadian woman who was rescued last week after being stranded and alone for 49 days in a Nevada wilderness was upgraded to good from fair condition Tuesday , an Idaho hospital spokesman said . Rita Chretien , 56 , is tolerating solid food very well , continuing her physical therapy and showing high spirits , according to a statement by St. Luke 's Magic Valley Medical Center in Twin Falls , Idaho . Meanwhile , authorities are still searching for her husband , Albert , who left his wife in their van on March 22 so that he could find help . "  She is enjoying solid foods and had a dinner of salmon , rice and green beans last night , " the spokesman 's statement said Tuesday . "  This morning she had a breakfast burrito with homemade salsa . A ` bowl of soul ' coffee was brought to her from a local coffee house . It included a sprinkle of cinnamon , nutmeg and a dollop of whipped cream , which Rita said was delicious . " Doctors said the indicators of her recovery are "  very good , " the spokesman said . Scores of men and women had searched for the Chretiens since the Penticton , British Columbia , residents were last seen March 19 leaving a Shell gas station convenience store in Baker City , Oregon . On Friday , more than a month later , hunters wandered into the area where the van was sitting . Rita Chretien shot up from her spot in the 2000 Chevrolet Astro 's back seat when she heard them outside , mustered strength to open the door and stepped out shoeless . She waved . While the odds are dwindling that Albert Chretien will be found alive , authorities have n't ruled it out . Rita Chretien lived off the little food she had -- beef jerky , some trail mix , fish oil pills and one piece of hard candy per day . She went outside for a walk once a day , using the sunlight to melt snow for drinking water and going to a nearby stream . She read a few books  some several times  and the Bible and recorded her thoughts in a journal . The Chretiens were en route to a trade show convention in Las Vegas when they turned off the highway onto a forest service road that led into Nevada , intending to enjoy the "  scenic route , " her son said , who 'd heard the full story from his weakened mother . The couple took some wrong turns and had thought , based on their map , that their road was better than it was . Pictures released by the sheriff 's department show the van in an extremely remote area with no visible roads . The van was stuck in caked mud , with a shovel pictured near the back of the van , indicating that someone had been trying to free the vehicle from the mud . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this story .	Rita and Raymond Chretien got lost in the Nevada wilderness March 19 She was found on Friday , 49 days later Her husband is still missing
London  CNN  -- Ezekiel Kemboi , who won the Olympic steeplechase , is under investigation on suspicion of having tried to stab a woman on a date back home in Kenya before the Games , police there said . Kemboi , who took gold Sunday , was arrested and charged in Kenya a week before he came to London for the Olympics , deputy police spokesman Charles Owino said Monday . The director of public prosecution has withdrawn the charges pending further investigation , Owino said . The woman accused Kemboi of making sexual advances , the officer said , without naming the alleged victim . Kemboi is a policeman himself , according to Owino . Kemboi said that he was the victim of attempted extortion and that police had not given him a fair hearing , Owino said . Kemboi did not immediately respond to requests for comment .	Ezekiel Kemboi of Kenya is under investigation , police there say A woman has accused him of trying to stab her after making sexual advances Kemboi says he 's the victim of attempted extortion Charges have been withdrawn pending further investigation , police say
CNN  -- There I was , having an epiphany . I had just run close to 3 miles with my 24-year-old son , and wishing I had been in better shape to enjoy more activities with my kids when they were younger . Why did I wait so long to get healthier ? How much did I miss out on by not taking the time to take care of myself ? Training for a triathlon has made me aware of the side benefits of exercise -- benefits that expand past the point of gaining strength and losing fat . I have never been particularly goal-driven ; I seemed to thrive by getting through life "  by the seat of my pants . " But this year I have realized the benefit of having goals , both large and small , and of working to achieve those goals . What a motivation boost it is to see how much progress I have made , especially in my running . When I first started running in January , I could n't make a half-lap around a high school track without getting winded . Yesterday , after bike riding for almost an hour and a half , I was able to run over two miles in 30 minutes . There is no way I would have been able to progress to that point without goals and coaching . This side benefit has bled into my professional life . By setting small goals , I feel that I am better able to focus on tasks and am more efficient with the demands of my workday . My ability to do athletic activities other than the three triathlon sports has improved as well , telling me that my overall fitness and coordination have improved . My job in the hospital can involve a great deal of walking , lifting and twisting . I can now work a 12-hour shift and finish with more energy than I would have before I started training . That dying patient could have been me My wife has gotten into biking and running with me . We both agreed that whatever happens , we can not stop what we are doing after the triathlon . Not only do we not want to lose our momentum , we both have enjoyed the journey , supporting and encouraging each other along the way . Even my golf swing feels better  though anything would have been an improvement ! I am turning 50 in July , but I do n't feel 50 . Other than the occasional soreness that comes after a workout , I do n't have the aches and pains of middle age . I sleep so much better than I did years ago . Some have told me that I do n't look like I am that old -- what a shot of confidence that gives me ! Since beginning training , I do n't feel irritable toward the world ; I actually enjoy each day as it comes . It has been a long time since I have felt depressed or discouraged . Before you call me Pollyanna , know that I am not always the happy-go-lucky guy I would like to be every second of the day . But I do think that because I am exercising my body , my mind benefits as well . The negatives of life can be met with a better attitude and fresh perspective . How we approach the events of life often determine their outcome . If I come to a bump in the road grumpy , sluggish and depressed , how much more severe is that bump going to be ? I have come to realize that life is too short to needlessly suffer the consequences of inactivity and procrastination . Get out there and do something -- something you enjoy . Give yourself the gift of a better day by making an effort to strengthen your body and improve your mind . You are fearfully and wonderfully made ; take advantage of that and follow me and the rest of Fit Nation Sassy Six as we work to live the second half of our lives better than the first . My name is Ron , and I am a food addict	Ron Cothran wishes he had been more active when his kids were younger He 's seen the effect exercise can have on his job , mind Follow Ron 's journey training for a triathlon on Twitter @TriHardRon
Federal health authorities Monday added 58 types of cancer to the list of covered illnesses for people who were exposed to toxins at the site of the World Trade Center in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks . The addition finalizes a recommendation from Dr. John Howard , administrator of the World Trade Center Health Program . Howard proposed in June that the program accept the recommendations of its Science/Technical Advisory Committee and add some cancers to the coverage list -- 14 categories in all . Firefighters responding to 9/11 at increased cancer risk The advisory committee review called for expanded "  coverage for certain types of cancer resulting from exposure to toxins released at Ground Zero . " "  The publication of this final rule marks an important step in the effort to provide needed treatment and care to 9/11 responders and survivors through the WTC Health Program , " Howard said in a statement Monday . The rule is expected to be published Wednesday in the Federal Register , and will take effect 30 days after its publication , Howard said . 9/11 detective dies after battle with lung cancer First responders , volunteers , survivors of the attacks and residents near the site who meet specific qualifications will be eligible for coverage , according to the World Trade Center Health Program . According to the proposed rule , an estimated 950 to 2,150 people would take advantage of the additional coverage . The estimated cost for the total cancer treatment ranges between $ 14.5 million and $ 33 million , the proposal said . The original bill as passed by the House had a 30-year compensation program , but the Senate reduced it to five years . Many cancers may not appear for decades after an exposure , according to experts . The World Trade Center Health Program was created as a result of the passage of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act . The Zadroga Act , passed by Congress in December 2010 , is designed to provide medical services and compensation for responders who were exposed to toxins while working at ground zero . President Barack Obama signed the $ 4.2 billion legislation in January 2011 . The law is named after a New York police officer who died of a respiratory disease attributed to working amid the toxic chemicals at the attack site . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg hailed the addition Monday . "  Tomorrow we will remember those we lost to the 9/11 terrorist attacks and also those who bravely responded during and after the tragedy , " he said in a statement . "  As part of our ongoing commitment to our first responders , New York City led the way in ensuring that the Zadroga Act included reviews of the medical evidence so that all those ill from exposure to the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks receive the care they need . "  We have urged from the very beginning that the decision whether or not to include cancer be based on science ; Dr. Howard 's decision , made after thorough consideration of the latest available research and data , will continue to ensure that those who have become ill due to the heinous attacks on 9/11 will get the medical care they need and deserve , " Bloomberg said . 9/11 responders wait for compensation for their illnesses New York Reps. Carolyn B. Maloney , Jerrold Nadler and Peter T. King , said in a joint statement in June the proposal "  helps pave the way for expanding the scope of available medical care and compensation for those sickened by the toxins at Ground Zero . " "  As we have all seen with our own eyes again and again , cancer incidence among responders and survivors is a tragic fact , and we must continue to do everything we can to provide the help that those who are sick need and deserve , " the lawmakers said . The move is an about-face from Howard 's announcement in July 2011 , when he stated that cancer treatments would not be covered by the compensation fund . At the time , Howard said there was inadequate "  published scientific and medical findings " to link September 11 exposures to cancer . To determine eligibility for the World Trade Center Health Program , visit www.cdc.gov/wtc . Share your stories and memories with CNN iReport	The addition finalizes a June proposal An estimated 950 to 2,150 people are expected to take advantage New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg hails the move
Washington  CNN  -- The Navy confirmed Wednesday that it did an abrupt about-face on guidance allowing same-sex marriages on military bases after receiving a flood of criticism from Capitol Hill , as well as discussions with Defense Department lawyers . The guidance -- outlined in a memorandum last month from the Navy chief of chaplains , Rear Adm. M.L. Tidd -- would have eased the way for same-sex marriage ceremonies once the Pentagon scraps its present "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy . "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , " which bars gays and lesbians from serving openly in the armed forces , is expected to be officially lifted later this year . Tidd said Tuesday that his memo , originally issued on April 13 , was suspended "  until further notice pending additional legal and policy review and inter-Departmental coordination . " Tidd 's plan gave a green light to the use of base facilities for same-sex ceremonies in states that allow either same-sex marriage or civil unions . It said chaplains ' participation in such ceremonies would depend on whether it was "  consistent with the tenets of his or her religious " beliefs . Some critics of the plan warned it would violate the federal Defense of Marriage Act . "  There was some attention on the Hill , " Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan told reporters Wednesday morning . "  That raised the issue so that the  Pentagon  legal counsel then again took a look  and  determined it needed further review . " The Navy 's surprise switch energized both supporters and opponents of "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell . " One prominent defender of the law -- Elaine Donnelly , head of the Center for Military Readiness -- said the controversy should push Congress to intervene quickly . "  Congress should not be misled by the Navy 's equivocation , " Donnelly said . "  This weather-vane policy is likely to change back as soon as all the branches of service get on board and Congress looks the other way . "  Congress must intervene since the Defense Department lawyers do n't know -- or do n't want to tell -- what they are doing , " she said . On the other side of the issue , Servicemembers United Executive Director Alexander Nicholson insisted the Navy was within its rights on same-sex marriage policy . Nicholson said the Pentagon should not be distracted by "  pressure from reactionaries . " "  At a time when the economy still needs attention , Osama bin Laden was just killed , and revolution and conflict continue to rage across a fragile Middle East , having policy makers spend valuable and limited time on whether a few gay couples may or may not use a Navy facility for a private ceremony at some point in the future is just plain silly , " Nicholson said in a statement sent to CNN . "  The Navy was right in their analysis last month that nothing stands in the way of operating facilities without discrimination , and further review will no doubt validate that position , " said Michael Cole-Schwartz , a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign , which supports same-sex marriage . "  While some lawmakers are dragging out scare tactics , there is nothing controversial in allowing facilities to be operated in a nondiscriminatory manner , " he said . It remains unclear what same-sex marriage policies the other services might be considering or ultimately adopt . As for "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , " top Pentagon officials have indicated they expect to be ready to implement a repeal of the policy by midsummer . Clifford Stanley -- the Defense Department under secretary tasked with overseeing the repeal -- told members of a House Armed Services subcommittee in April that the process will not be rushed "  because we want to make sure that it 's done right . " But "  at the same time , we do n't want to take forever to do it , " he said . President Barack Obama , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen will ultimately need to certify that the Defense Department is ready for a repeal of the policy . At that point , a 60-day countdown will begin before the repeal is officially implemented . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pentagon confirms the Navy plan was reversed after criticism from Capitol Hill NEW : Supporters of same-sex marriage say military facilities should be used in a "  nondiscriminatory " manner The Navy has suspended guidance that would have eventually allowed same-sex marriages on military bases Before the "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy is changed , it must receive a final sign-off from top Pentagon officials
BRASILIA , Brazil  CNN  -- A doctor excommunicated by the Catholic Church for performing an abortion on a 9-year-old rape victim received a standing ovation during a national convention on women 's health , according to a local media report . Archbishop Don Jose Cardoso Sobrinho excommunicated the doctors who performed the child 's abortion . The response came during the opening ceremony of an event hosted by Brazilian Minister of Health Jose Gomes Temporao . The newspaper O Povo reported that Temporao called on the audience to acknowledge the "  brilliant " work done by a medical team in the abortion , performed in Brazil 's northeastern city of Recife . The girl was pregnant with twins after being raped , allegedly by her stepfather , police were quoted in media reports as saying . The abuse had gone on since the girl was 6 , authorities said . The abortion was performed March 4 during the fourth month of pregnancy , according to media reports Archbishop Don Jose Cardoso Sobrinho of Recife excommunicated the doctor , the child 's mother and the medical team involved in the procedure . However , the stepfather was not excommunicated , with Sobrinho telling Globo TV that , "  A graver act than  rape  is abortion , to eliminate an innocent life . " The child was not excommunicated , Sobrinho said , because Catholic Church law says minors are exempt from excommunication . "  The church is benevolent when it comes to minors , " he told Globo TV . "  As for the adults , especially those who approved it , performed this abortion , the excommunication is applicable . " "  God 's law is above human laws , " Sobrinho said . The case has outraged the Brazilian public and fueled a controversy reaching the highest levels of church and state in a nation whose law bans abortion except in cases of rape . Temporao recently said doctors must put law before religion . "  The question posed is very simple . There is a Brazilian law which states that a pregnancy can be interrupted in case of rape , " Temporao said . "  It is legitimate for the church to have its dogmas , but these dogmas must not be imposed on society as a whole , " he added . Earlier , a verbal spat ensued between President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and the archbishop over the church 's decision . "  As a Christian and a Catholic , I find it deeply lamentable that a bishop of the Catholic Church has such a conservative attitude , " Lula said on Globo TV . "  In this case , the medical profession was more right than the church , " he said . Meanwhile , a Vatican cleric told Italy 's La Stampa newspaper that he supports the Brazilian archbishop 's decision to excommunicate all involved in the abortion except for the child . Dr. Olimpio Moraes , one of the doctors involved in the procedure , said he thanked the archbishop for his excommunication because the controversy sheds light on Brazil 's restrictive abortion laws . He said women in Brazil 's countryside are victimized by Brazil 's ban on abortion . Some of the doctors vowed to continue attending church services , despite being expelled . "  The fact that I was excommunicated will not keep me from going to Mass , praying , conversing with God , and asking him to illuminate me and my colleagues in our medical team to help us take care of people in similar cases , " one doctor said . TV Globo reported that the child , who is from a town outside Recife , has stayed in the city to recover and to escape media coverage . Her current condition is not known . A new report by Brazil 's IPAS , a non-governmental organization that works with the health ministry , indicates that more than 1 million women undergo illegal abortions in Brazil each year . About 250,000 are treated by doctors for traumas due to botched abortions , said Beatriz Jalli , an IPAS official . Studies at a Brazilian hospital dedicated to treating female victims of violence , the Perola Byington in Sao Paulo , indicated that more than 40 percent of the cases involved children . "  This is why the Recife case is so important for women in Brazil , " Jalli said . Jalli said the liberated "  Girl from Ipanema " image that many foreigners have of Brazilian women is far from reality . "  We live in a male chauvinistic , patriarchal society with a very high rate of sexual crimes against women and minors , " she said . "  Our reproductive rights are constantly criminalized . " CNN 's Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	Report : Doctor who performed abortion on child rape victim praised at event Brazilian law bans abortion except in cases of rape Catholic Church excommunicated doctor , along with child 's mother , medical team Archbishop says child was not excommunicated
CNN  -- At least four people died when a plane made an emergency crash-landing in Ukraine on Wednesday , the Russian news outlet , state-run RIA Novosti , reported . There were 45 people on board when the AN-24 crashed in the Donetsk region , an emergency official said . At least two people are unaccounted for . Thirty-nine were evacuated before the airliner caught fire , the official said . "  The plane missed the landing strip , turned upside down and broke into pieces , " the official said . The Donetsk-bound charter flight was carrying soccer fans from Odessa . They were heading to a UEFA Champions League game between Shakhtar Donetsk and Borussia Dortmund , the Ukrainskaya Pravda website reported .	The plane was a charter flight carrying soccer fans The craft missed the landing strip , an emergency official said It was headed from Odessa to Donetsk
Imagine being out to dinner with the love of your life and your beautiful , smiling , 3-year-old child . It 's a double celebration : your birthday and the end of your young boy 's difficult recovery from surgery for a heart defect . As you cross the street afterward , holding hands and swinging the little one up in the air , you think , "  This is what it 's about . " You know it 's one of the best days of your life . For Michael Morton , that day was August 12 , 1986 . He had just turned 32 . The next day , it was all taken away . The dream became a nightmare . Christine , his wife , was attacked and killed at their home in Williamson County , Texas , just outside Austin . Michael Morton was at work at the time . Still , authorities suspected him . "  Innocent people think that if you just tell the truth then you 've got nothing to fear from the police , " Morton says now . "  If you just stick to it that the system will work , it 'll all come to light , everything will be fine . " Instead , Morton was charged , ripped away from his boy , and put on trial . The prosecutor , speaking to the jury in emotional terms with tears streaming down his face , laid out a graphic , depraved sexual scenario , accusing Morton of bludgeoning his wife for refusing to have sex on his birthday . "  There was no scientific evidence , there was no eyewitness , there was no murder weapon , there was no believable motive , " Morton says . " ... I did n't see how any rational , thinking person would say that 's enough for a guilty verdict . " But with no other suspects , the jury convicted him . "  We all felt so strongly that this was justice for Christine and that we were doing the right thing , " says Mark Landrum , who was the jury foreman . Morton spent nearly 25 years in prison . He saw his son Eric only twice a year . "  I would love seeing him , I was fascinated with his every move , " Morton says . But Eric "  was becoming more distant , " Morton says . "  He was becoming less mine . " As a teen , Eric had no memories of his father outside of prison . Letters his dad wrote him were "  just a window into a life that never happened , " he says . His father "  barely existed in my life . I did n't have memories of him outside of the visits to prison . " Eric decided to stop visiting . "  I think it was embarrassing for me to think that I had to go to jail to see my dad . " Michael Morton wrote Eric saying he had to come and tell him that in person . He did . "  It was another one of those numb , painful things , " Morton says . "  I just looked at my sister-in-law and said something like , ` Take care of my son . ' " Eric also changed his last name to that of the relatives who raised him . Opinion : How to fight prosecutors who abuse the justice system Trial did n't include critical evidence A few years ago , a group of attorneys , working pro bono on Morton 's behalf , managed to bring the truth to light . Not only was Morton innocent , but the prosecutor , Ken Anderson , was accused of withholding crucial evidence . DNA exonerations by the numbers The little boy , Eric , had seen the attack and told relatives that daddy was not home at the time . He described the man who did it . Neighbors had described a man parking a green van behind the Mortons ' house and walking off into a wooded area . A blood-stained bandana was found nearby . None of that evidence made it into the trial . It took years of fighting , but Morton 's attorneys finally got the bandana tested for DNA . It contained Christine Morton 's blood and hair and the DNA of another man -- a convicted felon named Mark Norwood . Norwood had killed Christine Morton . And since no one figured that out after her death , he remained free . He killed another woman in the Austin area , Debra Baker , in similar circumstances less than two years later , authorities say . Norwood has now been convicted in Morton 's killing , and indicted in Baker 's killing . Morton was freed in October 2011 . He was 57 years old . "  I thank God this was n't a capital case , " he said . Morton 's story , told in the CNN Films ' documentary "  An Unreal Dream , " shines a spotlight on wrongful convictions in the United States . More than 2,000 wrongfully convicted people were exonerated between 1989 and 2012 , according to data compiled by the University of Michigan Law School . But Morton 's case has paved new ground that could affect cases nationwide . Last month , Anderson -- Morton 's prosecutor who in 2001 became a judge -- pleaded no contest to a court order to show cause for withholding exculpatory evidence . A judgment of contempt from the clerk 's office of the 26th Judicial District , Williamson County , Texas , said the court found "  Anderson in criminal contempt of court on the matters set out in the show cause order ... " Anderson 's punishment pales in comparison to Morton 's experience . The former prosecutor stepped down from his position as a judge and agreed to 10 days in jail . He then served only five of those days , under Texas laws involving good behavior behind bars . He also agreed to a $ 500 fine , 500 hours of community service , and the loss of his law license , according to the Innocence Project , a legal clinic affiliated with Yeshiva University 's Cardozo Law School . It 's "  an extremely rare instance , and perhaps the first time , that a prosecutor has been criminally punished for failing to turn over exculpatory evidence , " the Innocence Project said . The "  historic precedent demonstrates that when a judge orders a prosecutor to look in his file and disclose exculpatory evidence , deliberate failure to do so is punishable by contempt , " said Barry Scheck , the project 's co-director . The organization is working with the Texas Criminal Defense Lawyers Association and the Innocence Project of Texas to coordinate a review of Anderson 's cases . Anderson , meanwhile , has not publicly acknowledged any personal wrongdoing . In court , he said he could n't remember details of the case , and that he and his family have been through false accusations over it . "  I apologize that the system screwed up . I 've beaten myself up on what I could have done different and I do n't know , " he said , acknowledging Morton 's "  pain . " Morton asked a judge to "  do what needs to be done , but at the same time to be gentle with Judge Anderson . " In prepared remarks outside the courthouse , Anderson repeated that he wanted to "  formally apologize for the system 's failure to Mr. Morton and every other person who was affected by the verdict . " A statement released by Anderson on Thursday said , "  This resolution resulted in a finding of contempt only . As stated on the record , this resolution did not involve any plea by Mr. Anderson to any criminal charge . " The former prosecutor also commented that he "  hopes , for the sake of all persons involved , that this resolution brings an end to the tragic situation that began with the brutal murder of Christine Morton in 1986 and that was followed by the incorrect conviction and incarceration of Michael Morton . Mr. Anderson continues to believe that Mr. Morton 's conviction resulted directly from a medical examiner 's assessment of Christine Morton 's time of death at 1:30 a.m. -- a time when Mr. Morton was indisputably at home with his wife . Regardless of the cause of the wrong result reached in the Morton trial , in light of the DNA results obtained in 2011 , Mr. Anderson has consistently expressed -- and continues to express to Mr. Morton and his family -- his regret for Mr. Morton 's prosecution and incorrect incarceration . " Morton now works on programs to help other innocent people behind bars . Earlier this year , Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed the Michael Morton Act into law , requiring prosecutors to turn evidence over to defense lawyers in criminal cases , upon the defendant 's request , without the need for a court order . The law will make the state 's criminal justice system "  fairer and helping prevent wrongful convictions , " Perry said . ` Life has come full circle ' "  Other people often feel far more anger than I do , " Morton says . "  Vindication is very , very good , but it 's something I knew all along . ... It 's really nothing new for me . " He had a religious epiphany in jail , and credits his newfound inner peace with the knowledge that God "  loves me . " He 's now close with his son -- and daughter-in-law , and granddaughter , who is named after Christine . "  I 've never seen a more perfect child , " Morton says . "  Life has come full circle , " his son Eric says . " ... I do love him . " "  The conundrums of life , the philosophical paradoxes , the metaphysical problems -- I feel like I get it now , " Michael Morton says with a smile . "  I understand suffering and unfairness . I ca n't think of anything better to receive than that . I 'm good with this . " After 15 years on death row , freedom Football player exonerated , returns to the field	Ex-DA expresses "  regret " for Micheal Morton 's "  prosecution and incorrect incarceration " Michael Morton was wrongly convicted in his wife 's murder and served nearly 25 years Jurors convicted Morton , but they were n't allowed to hear all the evidence Morton 's ties with son faded over the years , but they 've grown close after his release
CNN  -- Four crew members died and one was missing in the frigid waters off Alaska 's Aleutian Islands after their fishing vessel sank Sunday , the U.S. Coast Guard reported . A crew member of the Alaska Ranger is taken on board the Coast Guard Cutter Munro . The Seattle , Washington-based Alaska Ranger was in 10-foot seas and winds of 30 to 35 miles per hour when it reported water was leaking into its steering gear compartment about 2:50 a.m. Sunday . The trawler had 47 people on board , said Chief Petty Officer Barry Lane , a Coast Guard spokesman . Four of those had been confirmed dead by late morning , Lane said . One person is still unaccounted for , said another Coast Guard spokesman , Lt. Eric Eggen . Watch a report from Lt. Eggen " The 180-foot processing trawler was about 120 miles west of Dutch Harbor , in the remote Aleutian Islands , when the crew reported being "  overwhelmed by water " and abandoned ship , Eggen said . Most of the crew had survival suits to protect them from water that was near-freezing , said Cmdr. Todd Trimpert , a Coast Guard spokesman . No cause of death was immediately known for the four crew members who died , but "  certainly , they were in the water a long time , " Trimpert said . "  Without a survival suit , generally your survival time is less than 30 minutes , " he said . The company that owned the ship , The Fishing Company of Alaska Inc. , identified the four who did not survive as Captain Eric Peter Jacobsen , Chief Engineer Daniel Cook , Mate David Silveira and Crewman Byron Carrillo . "  They were incredibly brave , hard-working men , " the company said . "  Our hearts are broken . " A nearby ship , the Alaska Warrior , rescued 25 crew members while the Coast Guard retrieved the rest of the crew , the company said . "  We do not have sufficient information to determine why the vessel foundered , " the company said . "  We will do everything possible to find out what occurred with the hope that something can be learned that will be of value to the fishing community . " Amy Roman , a niece of Daniel Cook , told CNN affiliate KING-TV that her uncle "  died how he wanted to . "  If you 're a fisherman , you want to die out at sea , " she said . "  If you 're a true fisherman , this is how you want to go . " Survivors were being taken aboard the Coast Guard cutter Munro . A helicopter and a C-130 transport plane were also taking part in the effort , the Coast Guard reported . The sinking left an unknown amount of diesel fuel on the surface of the Bering Sea , Lane said . The fishing industry is perennially among the most deadly in the United States . In 2005 , 48 fishermen died , up from 38 the year before , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . That made it the nation 's most dangerous occupation for the year , with a fatality rate of 118.4 per 100,000 -- nearly 30 times higher than the rate of the average worker . E-mail to a friend	Four crew members of Seattle-based Alaska Ranger died , Coast Guard says Others were rescued , but one person is still unaccounted for , spokesman says Boat was about 120 miles west of Dutch Harbor in remote Aleutian Islands
BRUSSELS , Belgium  CNN  -- Members of the European Union decided Thursday to formally lift sanctions on Cuba , a spokeswoman for EU Secretary-General Javier Solana said . Christina Gallach said the decision , made over dinner during the first day of a planned two-day summit in Brussels , Belgium , will be formally confirmed Monday during an EU council meeting . The diplomatic sanctions , which limited visits to the Communist island by senior EU personnel , were imposed in 2003 after concerns were raised about human rights in Cuba . The sanctions were suspended in 2005 , so lifting them now could be considered a symbolic move . Plans call for the human rights situation to be reviewed next year . The move was seen as an attempt to encourage Cuban President Raúl Castro , who recently took the reins of power from his ailing brother , Fidel , to make progress on civil rights , officials said . At least one EU nation , Sweden , had wanted to see more evidence of progress before taking the step but agreed to go along with the move . The United States ' trade blockade on Cuba , imposed almost 50 years ago , is not affected by the decision , but National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe expressed disappointment over the move . "  We think the Castros need to take a number of steps to improve the human rights conditions for ordinary Cubans before any sanctions are lifted , " he said . State Department Deputy Spokesman Tom Casey said earlier Thursday that the United States did not support such a move by the European Union and sees no reason to shift policy . "  While we 've seen some very minor cosmetic changes made by this regime , we certainly do n't see any kind of fundamental break with the Castro dictatorship that would give us reason to believe that now would be the time to lift sanctions or otherwise fundamentally alter our policies , " Casey told reporters prior to the EU 's decision . "  So certainly , we would not be supportive of the EU or anyone else easing those restrictions at this time . "	The decision was made over dinner during the first day of a summit in Belgium Diplomatic sanctions limited visits to Cuba by senior EU personnel They were imposed due to concerns of human rights abuses U.S. trade sanctions on Cuba is not affected by the EU 's move
CNN  -- The cries of pain turn into cheers of joy as the long-awaited finishing line finally looms on the horizon , stretching along the foot of an enormous desert dune . Mohamad Ahansal has already run more than 220 kilometers in the baking heat of the Sahara , but he still has the stamina to pull one last stunt . The Moroccan runner is met with applause and awe as he crosses the line with a joyous cartwheel to be crowned winner of this year 's Marathon des Sables  MDS  , billed as the world 's toughest footrace . "  I 'm really very happy with this victory , " said Ahansal , whose triumph Friday means he 's now won the men 's iconic race for an astonishing five times . "  This edition has been very difficult as the competitors are increasingly strong and have a lot more experience with every passing year . " Ahansal 's remarkable success was followed by the feat of Meghan Hicks , who took her first victory in the women 's category . "  Winning an initial victory here is just incredible , " said the American runner , who first took part in the ultra-marathon four years ago . Read this : ` The toughest race on Earth ' Overall , 980 out of the initial 1,024 participants started the fifth leg of this year 's MDS , a grueling adventure challenging participants to test their bodies and minds as they take on whipping sandstorms and blazing temperatures of up to 50C in their epic journey across the Southern Moroccan desert . Starting last Sunday , men and women of all ages from nearly 50 countries had to cover the equivalent of five and a half marathons over six stages -- including a non-stop leg of some 75 kilometers . To toughen the ordeal , competitors were provided with just their water supply and a tent to sleep in at night . They were also required to carry all their equipment for the duration of the ultra-marathon -- from food and sleeping gear to an anti-venom pump and glow sticks -- as they battled with weariness and dehydration whilst snaking their way past rolling dunes , steep-sided uplands , dried-up lakes and abandoned settlements in the hostile heat . Three runners have died in the 28 consecutive years the race has been taking place . Read this : Sahara explorer taming the desert The roots of the MDS can be traced back to 1984 , when Patrick Bauer decided to embark on a self-sufficient journey across the Algerian desert on foot , covering a distance of 350 kilometers over 12 days . That expedition had a major influence on the adventurous Frenchman , who realized that other people would be interested in taking on similar challenges . So in 1986 Bauer returned to Africa to organize the very first edition of the ultra marathon , completed that year by 23 pioneering runners . Twenty-eight years and more than 12,000 participants later , the MDS has grown to become a major endurance event whose model has been copied by several other races . "  Some runners come here to push back their limits and brave the extreme to write their tale , " says Bauer . "  For a lot of participants , the Marathon des Sables is an opportunity to break with everyday life and feel a sense of timelessness . There is even a spiritual dimension , a quest for answers to what are at times very personal questions , " he adds . "  The desert magnifies the soul . " Putting the race together requires months of preparations and a plethora of resources : 120,000 liters of mineral water , 6.5 kilometers of Elastoplast , 400 support staff , 270 berber and Saharan tents , 100 all-terrain vehicles , 52 medical staff , 23 buses , 19,000 compresses and 6,000 painkillers . In addition , the organizers have two helicopters , one Cessna plane and six commercial planes at their disposal . The MDS continued Saturday with its sixth and final , untimed , stage -- a 7.7 kilometer charity leg for UNICEF .	Mohamad Ahansal and Meghan Hicks are the winners of this year 's Marathon des Sables The epic race , taking place in the Southern Moroccan desert , is billed as the toughest footrace on Earth Runners had to cover more than 220 kilometers over six stages
CNN  -- It 's been an astonishing year for deception and technology . A famous author in Britain , RJ Ellory , became even more famous when he was discovered reviewing his own work , positively of course , with fake identities online . Prominent journalists were found to have plagiarized the work of others Fake online reviews were discovered for everything from hotels to Kindle covers to doctors . And I have n't even mentioned the presidential election . Technology is affecting almost all aspects of human life , and deception , one of humankind 's most fascinating behaviors , is no exception . Technology is making possible some interesting new forms of deception , like the butler lie , the sock puppet , and the Chinese water army . Butler lies are those little deceptions that we tell one another to avoid social interaction . Examples include the ubiquitous "  on my way " when in fact we are not on our way , or "  sorry , I just got your text " when actually we just did n't want to respond right away . Another butler lie is the lost reception explanation  "  I 'm in a tunnel ! "  . Butler lies help us manage our social attention in an always-on communication world . They allow us to use the technology as a sort of social buffer to avoid interaction when we 're technically always available , while at the same time giving plausible excuses to maintain social relationships we care about . TED.com : Our buggy moral code Sock puppets are individuals who provide reviews or commentary about their own work , usually highly positive , of course . The Internet allows for this kind of identity deception because people can chose any identity they want . But it can come with a cost when false identities are exposed . In response to the unmasking of Ellory , many authors publicly shamed him and pledged to never engage in sock puppetry . Reviewing one 's own work with a false identity is n't exactly new . Walt Whitman was infamous for doing that well before the Internet was invented . But the use of identity deception at scale , with thousands of people doing so in concert , is new . This is the Chinese Water Army phenomenon . The term refers to the large number of Chinese online writers that are paid a small amount of money to write opinions and reviews . In North America this is also commonly referred to as Astroturfing , in which an organization mimics a grass-roots movement by paying people to "  spontaneously " support their position . It would be easy to assume that technology is growing our lying habits . But this is n't quite right . Let 's consider the most important interactions , those with our friends , loved ones , and colleagues . Does technology make us more or less likely to lie to one another ? Surprisingly , a lot of research suggests that Internet technology can actually make us more honest . In several of our studies , for example , people lied less in e-mail than face to face . The place where people lie the most ? The telephone . TED.com : Why we make bad decisions We 've also looked at social network sites and the claims people make . On LinkedIn , where people post resumÃ © information , we found that people lie less about their past responsibilities and skills than in a traditional paper-based resume . Other work shows that Facebook profiles reflect people 's actual personality , rather than some idealized version . Even in online dating , often mocked as a hotbed for lies , we found that yes , people lie , but usually not by that much . Men lie a little about their height , income and education , and women lie a little about their weight and physical appearance . This is n't really that different from meeting someone in a bar , when you think about it . Why might technology make us more honest with each other ? One reason is that people view themselves as honest and lying violates that self-concept . This is especially true when talking to people with whom we have a relationship , like our friends and family , or want to have a relationship , like future employers and dates . Being perceived as deceptive can seriously harm reputations and relationships , regardless of the medium . But perhaps the most important reason is that we are in an incredibly fluid era of human social evolution . Consider that humans started talking to each other about 50,000 to 100,000 years ago , and over that time around a trillion humans have lived . The written word , however , only emerged about 5,000 years ago , and until World War II over half the world 's population could n't read or write . So , for most of those trillion humans , every word they ever said just disappeared . Gone . Now the average North American records more words in texts and e-mails in a day than most humans did throughout history . This obviously has important implications for deception . Because of our social evolution we 're not wired to automatically remember that our e-mails and texts and blogs and Facebook chats leave a semi-permanent record . Just ask any politician caught in a scandal in the last decade . TED.com : The brain in love On the plus side , these records give researchers a chance to study all sorts of social behavior that were mostly invisible before . We can use computers to analyze the language in these records and find word patterns that reveal deception , like whether a hotel review was written by someone who actually stayed at the hotel or not  take a look at the end of the TED talk to see if you can tell which hotel review is fake  . We 're in a crucial change state between the era of ephemeral talk and the era of the digital trace , where everything we do and say creates our own personal record . Deception , whether we want it or not , will no doubt evolve with us as we adapt to this new world of communication . The future of lying , like the future of humanity , is wide open . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Hancock .	In 2012 , deception seemed rampant in the news , says Jeffrey Hancock He says technology enables or abets some new forms of deception Still , studies find that people lie less frequently on LinkedIn and Facebook , he says Hancock : People want to be perceived as truthful , especially among friends
Ryan Ferguson was just a teenager when he was arrested in Missouri in 2004 , accused of killing Columbia Tribune sports editor Kent Heitholt three years earlier . Implicated by a former friend who said he had dream-like memories of committing the crime , Ferguson was convicted in 2005 for Heitholt 's murder and given a 40-year sentence . Last year , the same friend admitted in court that he lied , as did a janitor who originally placed Ferguson at the crime scene . For 10 years , Ferguson has sat in prison for a crime he always said he did not commit . Woman sentenced to death walks free , thanks to victim 's grandson Tuesday night , he walked free , less than a week after an appeals court overturned his conviction , ruling prosecutors withheld evidence in the trial . His release came hours after Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster announced he would not retry Ferguson . He found out about the decision when his lawyer appeared at the prison , holding up a piece of paper behind protective glass . On it she had quickly scrawled two words : "  It 's over . " "  I feel like Jay Leno or something , " a beaming Ferguson joked to cheering supporters after his release . Military court overturns Marine 's Iraq murder conviction Now 29 , he faces a new world . "  He has no college education and has never sent a text , posted a Facebook update or used a smartphone , " according to the Free Ryan Ferguson website , set up by his family and supporters . He acknowledged after his release that while in prison , he never allowed himself to "  look too far into the future . " But he has been reading , studying , taking care of himself and "  preparing for my life . " His first stop after leaving the courthouse ? "  I kind of want some Dairy Queen . " Freedom after murder conviction tossed well over a decade later	Lawyer 's two words told him his fate : "  It 's over " Ryan Ferguson has been in prison since 2004 He is freed Tuesday night days after court overturns his murder conviction The Missouri attorney general says he wo n't retry Ferguson
CNN  -- U.S. law enforcement officials believe they may have identified the masked man seen in the ISIS video of the killing of American journalist James Foley , two U.S. officials told CNN . "  They have a pretty good idea of who it may be , " a U.S. official said . But the official cautioned that "  it 's not 100 % yet . " Neither official , who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity , was willing to identify the suspect , citing the ongoing investigation . The official said , "  We 've been using all means to identify the person . " That includes voice analysis and analyzing metadata from the video as well as other methods , according to the second U.S. official . The official declined to elaborate on what those other methods were . In late August , British Ambassador Peter Westmacott said his country was close to identifying the ISIS militant . Westmacott did n't elaborate about the identity in the August 26 interview , which aired on CNN 's "  State of the Union " with Candy Crowley . "  We 're putting a great deal into the search , " Westmacott said at the time , referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man 's voice . The subject is believed tied to a group of extremists based in London , the officials said . FBI agents have been working with British authorities to nail down who the subject is , a priority for both governments . The same U.S. official said the United Kingdom has investigative interest because the masked man is believed to be a British citizen who traveled overseas to engage in conflict . The United States has investigative interest because he killed an American . Authorities are still trying to determine the identity of the militant speaking in the video of American journalist Steven Sotloff and determine if it is the same person in the Foley video , according to one of the officials . The source said "  it 's too premature " to know with any certainty just one week since the video of Sotloff 's death was published . The source said British and American authorities would work together to find the masked man , who is believed to be in Syria . "  This person is in an environment that 's highly dangerous . He could meet his demise on the battlefield , " the official said , though the sources did not rule out bringing the suspect back for trial in British or American court . Foley disappeared on November 22 , 2012 , in northwest Syria , near the border with Turkey . At the time of his disappearance , he was working for the U.S.-based online news outlet GlobalPost . The video of his beheading was posted to YouTube on August 19 . Sotloff disappeared while reporting from Syria in August 2013 . The video of his death was posted September 2 .	Man with British accent appears in video of Foley 's beheading "  They have a pretty good idea of who it may be , " a U.S. official says But officials say they are n't 100 % certain of man 's identity
Henryville , Indiana  CNN  -- Big news in Henryville , Indiana , had been that the coach of the high school boys ' basketball team was stepping down at the end of the season . The Hornets are the pride of this small Indiana town a few miles up Interstate 65 from Louisville . That was before Friday when killer storms ripped through the area . One day there was a community here . The next , there was none . "  What we know is we 've got complete destruction . We 're going to deal with it the best we can , " Sgt. Jerry Goodin of the Indiana State Police told CNN affiliate WISH-TV . Goodin was sure the community would rally , come together and claw its way back to what it once knew to be normal . Saturday , as rescuers still scoured for survivors , the stunned people of Henryville mourned what they lost and gave thanks for what they still had . Steve Kloepfer lives in Chelsea , just east of Henryville . Friday , he watched on television as the storms drew near . "  I saw it from the radar it was getting close , so I walked down the driveway and saw it coming through the woods , " Kloepfer told CNN affiliate WHAS . He got in his truck and drove south about a mile to "  let it blow through . " He returned to a new , grim reality . A tornado destroyed his house and the the home shared by his aunt and uncle , Terry and Carol Jackson . They were missing along with their 4-year-old grandchild . Later , their bodies were discovered in a field , covered in debris . They were among the 14 who died in Indiana . Dozens killed in waves of storms About 2,000 people live in Henryville , known as the birthplace of Colonel Harland Sanders of Kentucky Fried Chicken fame . Many in this town know each other through the high school and elementary school , housed on one campus . Friday afternoon , not all the students were able to leave because their parents were not at home . Elementary School Principal Glenn Riggs huddled with 40 students in the offices . And prayed . Saturday morning , a girder jutted skyward from the wreckage of the school . Across the street , a yellow school bus that only hours ago had taken children home lay off its chassis , slammed into a building as though it were a toy tossed by a child . Considering the damage , people at the school should have been hurt , Riggs figured . "  It 's a blessing . We praise God , " he said . Aerial images of Henryville Saturday were devastating : the guts spilled out from buildings , debris littering open fields and trees felled like dominoes . Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels got up in the sky to survey the misery himself . Lucky it was n't worse , he thought . "  We 're not unfamiliar with Mother Nature 's wrath out here in Indiana , " he said . "  But this about as serious as we 've seen it in the years I 've been in this job . " Joe Sullivan , a National Weather Service meteorologist , said the tornado that swept through the area was an EF-4 -- meaning it had sustained winds of between 166 and 200 mph , putting it in the top 2 % of all tornadoes in terms of strength . It went for 52 miles and was roughly 150 yards wide , he added . People driving on Indiana Highway 60 Friday got a perfect view of the monster twister barreling through town . Lawrence Smith , a reporter with WDRB , saw the tornado hurtling straight toward him . The video his station was able to get was incredible , he said . So was the experience . Smith ran into a convenience store for cover as the funnel drew closer . "  We waited for it . The building shook , the lights went off . The noise was incredible , " he said . "  It passed right by in front of us . " A gas station across street was leveled , as was a nearby apartment complex . Chad Hinton captured the tornado from his truck as he drove home to nearby Borden . He had never quite seen anything like it . Adrenaline pulsed through his veins . "  It was a huge powerful force , " he said , recalling the thundering noise . The hail and rain bore down on his truck . He felt lucky to be what he estimated as two miles off the twister 's track . He thought about the people who were right in the middle of it . In Salem , another town near Henryville , a little girl with blond hair and blue eyes was found alone in a field . No one knew how she had gotten there ; they just knew she needed help . The 20-month-old toddler was taken to hospital and intubated to help her breathe , said Clark County Sheriff 's Department Maj. Chuck Adams said . She was later flown about 35 miles southeast to Kosair Children 's Hospital in Louisville , Kentucky , where she was in critical condition Saturday night , said Brian Rublein , a spokesman for Kosair . Someone had called to identify the girl , and by Saturday night several extended family members were on hand . But her immediate family -- her parents , 3-year-old brother and 2-month-old sister -- were all killed in the storm , according to Rublein . As uncertain as the toddler 's fate was , she was a glimmer of good news amid the sorrow . Another child , a 9-year-old boy from Henryville , is missing . Adams said that the boy 's whereabouts have been unknown since twisters hit . With power out , authorities relied on thermal radar imaging and search-and-rescue dogs to try to find him . Others waited for loved ones at Henryville 's St. Francis Xavier Church , which became a meeting point for frantic residents looking for loved ones . The message on the church 's answering machine summed up the community 's fears : "  Hello , this is Father Steve . I 'm sorry to let you know we do not have any detailed information ourselves on people . They are consolidating information at the fire station . However , there is no way of contacting the fire department through normal channels because the phone lines are down . All I can say is pray for your friends and family . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported from Henryville , Indiana , and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	NEW : The family of a toddler found in a field are dead , a hospital spokesman says The tornado that hit southern Indiana had winds between 166 and 200 mph The storm demolished a school campus , but no one there was seriously hurt Henryville residents mourned what they lost and gave thanks for what they still had
CNN  -- A year ago , President Obama delivered a speech at the National Defense University in Washington in which he made the case that it was time to wind down the "  boundless global war on terror " and "  perpetual wartime footing " that has been a feature of American life since 9/11 . Indeed , the CIA drone program in Pakistan has stopped completely since the beginning of this year . This is a noteworthy development given the fact that there have been 370 drone strikes in Pakistan over the past decade that have killed somewhere between 2,080 to 3,428 people ; most of whom were suspected militants , but also a smaller number of civilians . In his speech the President made the case that al Qaeda , which carried out the 9/11 attacks , "  is on the path to defeat . Their remaining operatives spend more time thinking about their own safety than plotting against us . " Obama outlined the remaining terrorism threat as coming from "  less capable al Qaeda affiliates " who are certainly threats to American diplomatic facilities and businesses abroad , as well from "  homegrown extremists , " like those who bombed the Boston Marathon a little over a year ago . Such homegrown extremists remain capable of carrying out attacks on the scale of the Boston bombings , but such incidents are tragedies rather than national catastrophes , as 9/11 was . In the President 's view these kinds of threats do not necessitate that the country remain on an endless war footing . And , indeed , it is long past time for the United States to transition away from a state of perpetual war now that the threat from al Qaeda to American national security has diminished significantly both because of al Qaeda 's own weaknesses and the many defensive measures the United States has taken since 9/11 . To transition away from a war footing , Obama said he would make changes in three key areas : First by reforming the secret CIA drone program . The President promised that going forward , "  There must be near-certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured " for strikes to be authorized . Second , he said he would move to repeal the Authorization for the Use of Military Force  AUMF  that was passed by Congress just days after the 9/11 attacks . The AUMF authorized not only America 's longest war in Afghanistan , but also U.S. operations against al Qaeda and its allies in Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia . Third , Obama said he would hasten the closing of the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay . So what has changed in the twelve months since Obama gave that speech ? The cessation of drone strikes in Pakistan since the beginning of the year is due to a combination of the President pushing for a more calibrated use of drone strikes ; running out of "  high value " al Qaeda and Taliban targets in Pakistan 's tribal areas ; very strong pushback from the Pakistani public and government who are opposed to the drone strikes on the grounds that they violate Pakistan 's national sovereignty ; and the fact that the Pakistani government is stepping up its own military operations against militants in the Pakistani tribal region of North Waziristan , where the majority of CIA drone strikes have taken place . Air strikes by the Pakistani air force , for instance , killed approximately 60 people on Wednesday in North Waziristan . In Pakistan , there have also been no reported civilian casualties from CIA drone strikes during the past year , according to data collected by the New America Foundation . In contrast , in Yemen , civilian casualties from U.S. drone strikes have remained steady over the past year . From May 2013 to May 2014 , 16 civilians were killed in U.S. drone strikes , including a number of civilians in a mid-December strike that mistakenly targeted a wedding party because intelligence reports identified the vehicles as carrying al Qaeda operatives . There were also 16 civilians killed in drone strikes the previous year in Yemen . Bergen : Drones will fill the sky On drones , it is clear that the President 's directives to tighten up on the protocols for authorizing drone strikes have made some real differences in Pakistan both in terms of the falling numbers of civilian casualties and the cessation of drone strikes there . But in Yemen , while the number of civilian casualties has remained constant , the number of drone strikes is actually declining . Since the president 's speech , there have been 29 drone strikes in Yemen . There were 36 strikes in the 12 months before . Last May , Obama also said he looked forward "  to engaging Congress and the American people in efforts to refine , and ultimately repeal , the AUMF 's mandate . " Since it was this Authorization for the Use of Force that made possible the introduction of combat troops into Afghanistan 13 years ago , the natural moment to ultimately repeal the declaration is as the last of U.S. combat troops leave Afghanistan at the end of this year . For the moment , the administration has n't taken up this effort , which could meet a good deal of opposition from some in the Republican party who would likely want to extend and even expand the authorization so that it could permit the use of U.S. military force against al Qaeda-aligned groups around the world . Opinion : When will drones stop killing innocent people in Yemen ? And repealing the authorization would also raise some knotty national security and political issues given the present political paralysis and rancor in Congress . First , U.S. Special Operations raids against al-Qaeda members and allies in Libya and Somalia in 2013 were conducted under the AUMF . How does one get congressional buy-in for a more narrow legal framework that might constrain such raids ? Second , since the drone program draws its legal validity partly from the AUMF , how would that declaration 's expiration affect the use of drones in countries such as Pakistan ? Third , what should the United States do about the 40 or so prisoners at Guantanamo Bay who are deemed "  too dangerous to release , " but are not chargeable with a crime , and who would theoretically have to be released if the present authorization for the use of force expired ? Without that authorization it would not be possible to treat Guantanamo detainees as prisoners of war since the war would be effectively over . President Obama also promised to wind down the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay  GTMO  . Since that speech , there have been a number of prisoners released from Guantanamo , including two Algerian prisoners who were transferred to Algeria in August , and three Chinese Uighur prisoners captured in Afghanistan who were transferred to Slovakia in December . A recent agreement with Uruguayan President JosÃ © Monica would allow a further six of the remaining 154 prisoners in Gitmo to be transferred to Uruguay . At the same time , the Obama administration has in the past year successfully put a number of high profile militants on trial in the Southern District of New York , such as bin Laden 's son in law , Suleiman Abu Ghaith , and Abu Hamza , a London-based cleric who helped to direct the 1998 kidnapping of Western tourists in Yemen by al Qaeda-aligned militants . Despite much hand wringing by politicians about trying prominent terrorists in the United States , those trials , which have taken place a few blocks from the newly rebuilt World Trade Center , have proceeded without incident and juries have speedily convicted the terrorists on all counts . Given the speed and efficacy of these trials , perhaps it 's time for the Obama administration to abandon the military tribunal process at Guantanamo altogether and bring 9/11 operational planner Khalid Sheik Mohammed  KSM  to trial in Manhattan . Such a plan was scuppered three years ago , in part , because of opposition from politicians in New York who claimed it was a public safety risk to hold KSM 's trial in Manhattan . These concerns seemed overwrought even at the time and are effectively moot at this point . KSM has spent the past eleven years in American captivity but still he has not been put on trial because he is tangled in the cumbersome and largely untested military tribunal process in Guantanamo . To summarize : Since the President 's speech arguing for ending America 's endless war on terror , there has been a marked change in the CIA 's drone program in Pakistan , which has effectively ended . Yet there has been little real change in the similar drone program in Yemen . Meanwhile , there has been incremental progress on emptying the prison camp at Guantanamo and real progress on using the ordinary civilian court system to convict prominent terrorists . As yet there is no serious discussion in Congress or by the White House about what , if anything , might happen to the Authorization for the Use of Military Force  AUMF  . Given the political realities in Washington , our guess is the AUMF will simply remain in place indefinitely because any effort to replace it or end it will encounter resistance in Congress .	A year ago , President Obama gave a key speech on the "  boundless ... war on terror " He signaled new restrictions on drones and an effort to wind down Guantanamo detention Peter Bergen : Obama 's changes have led to virtual suspension of drones in Pakistan He says drone war goes on in Yemen , small progress has been made on Guantanamo
CNN  -- Audi 's Tom Kristensen recorded a record ninth victory in the Le Mans 24 hour race Sunday and dedicated it to fellow Dane Allan Simonsen , who died in a high speed crash the previous day . Kristensen , 45 , has been touched by personal tragedy after the death of his father earlier this year , but paid wanted to pay special tribute to Simonsen . "  He can wait for the next victory of mine , " he said . "  This victory today I dedicate to Allan Simonsen , a great fellow Dane . " Kristensen shared his triumph , his first at Le Mans since 2008 , with co - drivers Britain 's Allan McNish and local star Loic Duval . It was Audi 's fourth in row and 12th in 14 years . Before the victory ceremony a brief tribute to Simonsen was paid . The Aston Martin driver crashed at speed early in the famous endurance race Saturday and died of his injuries at the track . "  We lost someone yesterday who had the same dream as I did , a good bloke , " added Kristensen . His car came home a lap clear of the first from arch-rivals Toyota , who included Engand 's former F1 driver Antony Davidson . The ex-Minardi driver suffered a heavy crash at Le Mans last year and said Simonsen 's death had been at the back of his mind as he raced . "  It 's very hard , especially with what happened to me last year , to fight my own demons and carry on driving , " he said . "  It 's sad , sad news and it puts everything into perspective . " The Aston Martin team , fielding five entries in the GTE-Am class , continued to race after the tragedy at the express wishes of Simonsen 's family . Aston Martin chairman David Richards said it had been a tough experience for all concerned , although their leading car managed third place in the category . "  The team continued its participation in the race which was obviously very emotional and difficult for everyone , " he told the official Aston Martin website . "  I 'd like to thank everyone who has shown us such support over the weekend and sent the messages of condolence to Allan 's family , " he added . Wet conditions and the one-hour delay after Simonsen 's fatal accident made for a difficult race on the Circuit de la Sarthe in western France . Audi 's two-time defending champions Marcel Faessler , Andre Lotterer and Benoit Treluyer had led the race , but lost 43 minutes when they were forced to change the alternator in their sportscar during Saturday night . Kristensen , who scored his first win at Le Mans back in 1997 , took full advantage to register an emotional win .	Audi 's Tom Kristensen wins Le Mans 24-hour race Record ninth victory for the Dane Dedicates his triumph to compatriot Allan Simonsen Aston Martin 's Simonsen was killed in accident at Le Mans Saturday
At 33 years old , Jamie is trying to get clean . The native Bostonian started at a young age : drinking , then smoking pot , then taking pain pills and eventually heroin . "  I never thought in my wildest dreams I would stick a needle in my arm , " said Jamie , who did n't want his last name revealed . "  Not in a million years . " But the low cost , the readily availability and the prescription pill-like high makes heroin a draw that 's hard to resist . "  It 's a monkey on your back that you ca n't shake , " he says . If autopsy results bear out what officials suspect , actor Philip Seymour Hoffman will be the latest in a growing list of substance abusers who paid a deadly price for using heroin . In July , heroin  mixed with alcohol  took the life of "  Glee " star Cory Monteith . In August , Emylee Lonczak , a 16-year-old Virginia high school student who 'd never injected heroin before , died when a friend shot it into a vein for her . And last week , Maryland officials said that heroin tainted with fentanyl had claimed at least 37 lives since September . Another 22 cases were reported in Pittsburgh and other towns in western Pennsylvania . To be sure , heroin has been a scourge for a long , long time . But lately , it 's showing an uptick that has authorities , health officials and parents disturbed . "  Heroin is pummeling the Northeast , leaving addiction , overdoses and fear in its wake , " said James Hunt of the Drug Enforcement Administration 's New York Office . A 2012 survey by the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration  PDF  found that about 669,000 people over age 12 had used heroin at some point in the year . About 156,000 of those were first-time users , and roughly 467,000 were considered heroin-dependent -- more than double the number in 2002 . "  I 've been here over six years , and literally this is the first year that I can remember seeing this many people coming in here with an addiction to heroin , " said Robert Parkinson , director of the Beachcomber Rehabilitation Center in Delray Beach , Florida . It 's not at an epidemic level yet , he says , but "  it 's going to be there . ... It 's that bad . " Heroin remains comparatively rare , according to administration figures . By comparison , more than 31 million people used marijuana or hashish in 2012 alone , and another 4.7 million used some form of cocaine that year . But about 4.6 million people -- about 1.8 % of the teenage and adult population -- reported using heroin at some point in their lives , the survey found . The average first-time user was 23 . Here , we examine the reasons behind the rise in heroin use and its fatal draw : It 's cheap . Bill Patrianakos was hooked on OxyContin , a prescription pain reliever . He did n't just like it ; he loved it . The problem was , he could n't afford it . "  I was pawning things : stealing from my parents , my sister , everyone who cared about me , " he said . "  Even that was n't enough . " So he moved on to heroin . It gave him the same high , he said , but at a fraction of the cost . "  I started out snorting , " he said . "  And , of course , to conserve my money , I moved on to shooting it . " The bottom line for users : Heroin is cheap . Part of the reason is the nationwide crackdown on prescription pill abuse , which has made those drugs harder and more expensive to obtain . In the first two weeks of 2014 , police in Delray Beach , Florida , say , they seized more heroin than they did in the past 10 years combined . "  People were getting pills for $ 10 around here , and now it 's much more expensive , " said Delray Beach Police Sgt. Nicole Guerriero . "  People are now turning to heroin to get their high . " And how cheap is heroin ? "  We 've heard for as low as $ 6 a capsule , " she said . It 's everywhere . David is a self-described addict who does n't want his last name revealed . His drug of choice is oxycodone . But he knows that when he ca n't get it , he can always score some heroin . "  It 's literally five minutes down the road , " he said . "  It 's everywhere . Everywhere . " Pam Anderson of Atlanta lost her college-age son to a heroin overdose . "  In the college campuses what they are doing with it , is like they are just passing bowls of pills , " she said . "  They give it out for free to get somebody hooked . And then they start with a lower price on the pills and jack it up , jack it up as they are more addicted . " Indeed , heroin availability rose in 2012 , according to the DEA , most likely because of an uptick in Mexican production and traffickers expanding into new markets . Authorities are doing what they can to put a dent in those activities , but they have a ways to go . Between 2008 and 2012 , the amount of heroin seized each year at the southwest border more than tripled . But pushers are getting creative . Last month , police said they arrested a McDonald 's employee in Pittsburgh for selling heroin in Happy Meal boxes . It 's potent . Heroin makes for a common substitute for prescription pills . But unlike pills , there 's no way to regulate the dosage of heroin , given the undetermined purity . And that can be a fatal recipe . "  Unlike with prescription drugs , heroin purity and dosage amounts vary , and heroin is often cut with other substances , all of which could cause inexperienced abusers to accidentally overdose , " the DEA says in its drug threat assessment report for 2013 . Between 1999 and 2009 , 32 states saw an increase in heroin-related patients , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . But rather than acting as a deterrent , the drug 's undetermined potency actually serves as a draw for some users . Last month , at least 22 people in western Pennsylvania died after using heroin that had been mixed with fentanyl , a powerful narcotic used to treat cancer patients ' pain . The drug cocktails were being sold under harmless sounding names , such as "  Theraflu " and "  Bud ice . " Andrew , a 19-year-old Pennsylvanian who did n't want his last name revealed , overdosed on the drug mixture twice and almost died . But he kept going back . It took his friend 's overdose death to scare him back into rehab . "  That 's the sick thing about addiction , " he said . "  When someone knows that there are heroin bags that are killing people or making them overdose , then we know that those are the good bags . " It 's hard to kick . Last year , Hoffman told TMZ he strugged with substance abuse but kicked the habit for 23 years . But then he fell off the wagon . He started slowly with prescription pills and slipped into snorting cocaine . That experience is not uncommon . "  Someone with opiate addiction , they are doing pushups their whole lives , " said HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky . "  And they must work on it all the time . And even working on it , there 's a high probability of relapse . And God willing , they get adequate treatment , and they re-engage in treatment , and things go well . " "  But often , " he added , "  it 's a frequently fatal condition . "	"  It 's a monkey on your back , " says a man trying to kick the habit Phillip Seymour Hoffman is the latest in a growing list of deaths The number of users is rising , and they are getting younger It 's threatening to become an epidemic , says a rehab director
CNN  -- A large super typhoon is gathering force as it barrels along a path that is expected to take it close to the Japanese island of Okinawa . By the time it nears Okinawa early Tuesday , Super Typhoon Neoguri is likely to be generating winds as strong as a Category 5 hurricane , meteorologists say . "  This is a beast , " said CNN International Meteorologist Tom Sater . Okinawa , where multiple U.S. military facilities are situated , regularly finds itself in the path of big typhoons . Many of the buildings on the island are designed to weather the powerful winds that come roaring in off the Western Pacific . Based on current predictions , Neoguri is expected to pass to the west of Okinawa , sparing the island its full fury . "  It 'll brush Okinawa -- maybe Category 1 , Category 2 winds , " Sater said . "  But they 're ready for that . " Most powerful in 15 years Authorities at Kadena Air Base , the largest U.S. military installation in the Asia-Pacific region , are n't taking any chances . "  I ca n't stress enough how dangerous this typhoon may be when it hits Okinawa , " Brig. Gen. James Hecker , the Commander of the 18th Wing , said Sunday on the base 's Facebook page . "  This is the most powerful typhoon forecast to hit the island in 15 years . " He advised those on the base to secure outdoor items and prepare supplies . "  This is not just another typhoon , " Hecker said . "  If we all follow the typhoon procedures and take care of each other , we will all make it through this typhoon safely . " The Joint Typhoon Warning Center projects that by Tuesday , Neoguri could be producing sustained winds as strong as 165 mph  265 kph  with gusts as powerful as 200 mph  320 kph  . It could stir up waves as high as 39 feet  12 meters  , the center predicted . The Japan Meteorological Agency on Monday issued an emergency warning for the region around Miyako Jima , a small Japanese island that lies between Okinawa and Taiwan . The agency warned of high waves and a storm surge . Seen from space Astronaut Reid Wiseman in the International Space Center tweeted a dramatic photo over the weekend of the typhoon viewed from above , showing vast bands of cloud spiraling out from its center . " #Typhoon Neoguri nearing Japan . Takes up our entire view . Wow , " he wrote . After passing near Okinawa , the typhoon is expected to weaken somewhat as it moves on toward the Japanese mainland . But it could still be producing strong winds late Wednesday when it 's forecast to hit Kyushu , the southernmost of Japan 's main islands . "  It 's still going to really pack a punch , " Sater said . "  This is a massive storm . " The typhoon is also expected to bring torrential rains with it to Kyushu . "  They 've already had heavy amounts of rainfall in the past 24 hours , " Sater said . "  So a saturated ground with a system moving in is going to cause some issues . " Each summer and autumn , heavy storms roll in from the Western Pacific , often causing damage in East Asian countries such as the Philippines , China and Japan . Tacloban in pictures : After Typhoon Haiyan and six months later CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan 's weather agency issues an emergency warning for remote island area "  This is a beast , " says CNN International Meteorologist Tom Sater It 's forecast to pass west of Okinawa on Tuesday , sparing the islands its strongest winds But U.S. military officials warn the storm is very dangerous and urge personnel to prepare
CNN  -- Hackney Wick is nestled next to the Olympic site , separated only by a waterway known as the Lee Navigation . It is a half industrial , half artistic enclave , little known to Londoners , but which has , in recent years , become rich in street art from a cast of artists who have been integral to regenerating east London and informing its cultural identity . With the Olympics now underway , Hackney Wick can been seen as a microcosm highlighting the forces that street art faces across east London . Street art meets Locog The Olympics organizing committee , LOCOG , has been asked to deliver a long-remembered games , and multifaceted legacy for London . This is no easy task . Read more : Why gritty East End is London 's gold standard Unfortunately it has failed , overwhelmingly , to engage with London 's street artists . It seems the cultural thinking behind London 2012 is being carried out from within an impenetrable ivory tower , with scant access granted to decision makers . In essence , there has been a top-down imposition of what LOCOG thinks is the relevant cultural identity of London -- and this has been presented to the world . To many in east London , where the Olympic Park is located , this imposition feels alien . It feels akin to a form of cultural imperialism , out of synch with the true culture , including street art which may be found just a stone 's throw from the Olympic Stadium . Missed opportunities Politicians and officials talk about London 2012 using words like "  regeneration " and "  legacy . " Such aims are a key reason behind London winning the Games , and the ideas are laudable . Read more : London 's docks turn into ` mini Monaco ' for Olympics But by not engaging with London 's street artists , LOCOG has arguably missed an opportunity to be more culturally relevant and connect with artists who are a real transformative force . From a purely cultural standpoint , this is a shame . London boasts some of the finest street art in the world from fresh and exciting artists such as Stik , RUN , Ben Eine , David Walker , Pablo Delgado , Christiaan Nagel and Cityzen Kane . London is also a global street art hub , welcoming artists from all over the world . People also come from all over to see London 's street art . The diversity and vibrancy of London 's street art is staggering , and celebrating this would have shown vision . Read more : The artist who turned Usain Bolt from track legend to street hero Perhaps more importantly , LOCOG 's spurning of the street art scene counteracts one of east London 's key regenerative forces . Street art brings energy to the streets and infuses color onto gray and dilapidated walls . Street art has fostered community spirit and made east Londoners proud of where they live too . This is the very thing alchemists within LOCOG are trying to deliver as part of London 2012 's legacy . Public art Many of London 's street artists view themselves as servants to their local communities , and maintain close connections with them . They depend on their communities for patronage and support for wall space . As such , London 's street art can be defined as public art for the city 's people . Around east London , in particular , the local populace has taken street art to its heart with many locals familiar with each of the different artists at work on the street . Today 's generation often work in daylight hours doing legal walls . They are happy to reveal their identities and also to stop and chat with people passing by in the street while they work . It 's sometimes hard for bureaucrats to understand this , so truly ingrained is the media-driven paradigm of all street artists being mischief-makers who put up numerous illegal socio-political stencils in the night . East London 's local councils are , however , actually starting to understand street art 's evolving nature and its importance to east London 's spirit . Legal pieces are routinely left alone by councils now , and this has largely been the case in Hackney Wick . Pieces still get buffed by over zealous clean up crews but reports of a pre-Olympics war on street art are a little overplayed . The greatest threats to the street art in Hackney Wick are now arguably from companies like Coca-Cola painting over local artists with "  cool " Olympic themed murals . Read more : Is the Olympics worth more than Google ? What legacy ? Street art is an important part of east London 's identity and a positive force for regeneration . Street art has been dismissed and misunderstood by London bureaucracies in the past , and LOCOG 's attitude is no different . However we hope it will not always be this way . Changes in attitude and policy will of course take time and by the time the Olympics visits London again perhaps we will be ready . We are seeing encouraging green shoots every day . CNN asked Locog to respond to the opinions expressed by Howard-Griffin . Here is their response : The London 2012 Festival has 25,000 artists taking part in more than 12,000 events across the UK in the largest cultural celebration every seen in this country . Our program in east London has already seen 100,000 people enjoy artists such as Rhianna , Jay-Z , Jessie J and many more as part of the free BBC Radio 1 Hackney Weekend . People are currently a visiting a car park in East London where an exhibition of BMW Art Cars , designed by artists including David Hockney , Jeff Koons , Roy Lichtenstein , and Andy Warhol , is being staged . Rio and London carnival artists collaborated for the Hackney One Carnival to welcome the Olympic Torch Relay , screenings of restored Hitchcock films at east London venues and a fantastic program of theater , dance and outdoor events at the Barbican and with the Create festival . The London 2012 Festival is a UK wide festival , and we are very excited about the upcoming London 2012 Festival event "  See No Evil 2012 : Urban Festival " in Bristol . This is the UK 's largest permanent street art project and the biggest urban arts festival in Europe , attracting the world 's leading urban artists to converge and create a series of temporary and permanent street art installations and sculpture , including some of the world 's largest scale outdoor paintings . For the first time it will bring together two major international artists , Adrian Utley of Portishead and French artist , Joanie Lemercier of cutting 3D projection experts AntiVJ . They will create a free , one off cross art-form performance , featuring huge scale digital projections and live music in the centre of Bristol from 13 -- 19 August 2012 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Howard-Griffin .	Richard Howard-Griffin : Street artworks have become integral to regenerating east London Howard-Griffin : The Olympics organizing committee has failed to engage with street artists He says the cultural thinking behind the Games feels alien to people living in the local area Olympic organizers have missed an opportunity to be more culturally relevant , he says
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine Corps reservist , who had hoped to be free after Wednesday 's hearing in a Mexican court , was sent back to prison where he 's been held the last three months on weapons charges . Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi 's next day in court is August 4 . He 's been imprisoned since March 31 when he drove into Mexico with three firearms in his truck . Tahmooressi has maintained that he took a wrong turn on the California side of the border into Tijuana . He was detained by Mexican border officials for possessing a .45 - caliber pistol , a 12-gauge pump shotgun and an AR-15 rifle . Although he did n't gain his client 's freedom , attorney Fernando Benitez said progress was made . "  It was finally and officially discovered that there are multiple irregularities with the order to search his vehicle , " Benitez said . Mother : My son is detained in Mexico The order was dated three days before the incident , according to Benitez , who said that at least 11 pages were missing from the record presented in court . He also contends the Marine reservist was n't given adequate access to translators . The director of the Tijuana checkpoint told Mexican media last month that Mexican agents at the border gave Tahmooressi a chance to surrender his weapons and return to the United States without incident . Tahmooressi told CNN that 's "  a lie . " "  That 's not true at all . They never told me anything of that sort , " he said in jailhouse interview on Sunday . Tahmooressi said the Spanish translator provided to him at the border added to the confusion in communication . "  After I had got off the phone with 911 and I felt like there was no one there to help me , I even told them , I said , ` You can take my guns , take my truck and take all my possessions , just let me go back to America . ' And they shook their head no in frustration . " Asked by CNN if he believes he should receive punishment for his mistake , Tahmooressi said no . "  I feel like the punishment was never necessary from the beginning . But once the  Mexican  military people got involved , they were like , ` Look what we found , we found these guns , good for us . Let 's get this guy incriminated . ' There was some good people at the border who were going to do the right thing , and that 's how it should have been from the start . " Following Wednesday 's hearing , Jill Tahmooressi meet with her son for 20 minutes . They both remain hopeful . "  He is strong , he is confident and he is very privileged to have Mr. Benitez defend his innocence , " she said . CNN 's Nick Parker contributed to this report	Andrew Tahmooressi will be back in court August 4 Tahmooressi was arrested in March for crossing into Mexico with three firearms He says he took a wrong turn and would never consider trafficking in guns
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Organization of American States suspended Honduras late Saturday because the nation 's new leaders refused to reinstate ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya . Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya appears Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly . Zelaya was removed by the military on June 28 and flown to Costa Rica . Congressional leader Roberto Micheletti was sworn in as provisional president later that day . The OAS set a Saturday deadline for Honduras to return Zelaya to power or be suspended from the 35-nation hemispheric organization . Honduran officials told OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza on Friday that they would not allow Zelaya to return to power . Thousands of protesters demanding the return to power of ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya pushed through riot police at Tegucigalpa 's airport and surrounded the terminal Saturday , but there were no reports of violence . The airport continued to operate , CNN Correspondent Karl Penhaul reported . Zelaya , a leftist who took office in 2006 , says he will return to Honduras on Sunday . Micheletti has vowed to have Zelaya arrested if he returns . "  I am simply defending a system , " Zelaya told the OAS delegates early Sunday , after the 33-0 vote to suspend Honduras . Among the delegates were two heads of state : Presidents Christina Fernandez de Kirchner of Argentina and Fernando Lugo of Paraguay . "  I am here not only as president of the republic of Argentina , but also as part of a delegation who was the object of coups in Argentina , " Fernandez said . Lugo also spoke in favor of restoring Zelaya and democracy to his nation . "  I come from Paraguay , a country that has had the long night of dictatorships , " Lugo said . "  I come here with a pain , but also with a hope . " Micheletti repeated in an interview with CNN en Español on Saturday night that a coup did not take place . What happened , he said , was a constitutional transfer of power authorized by the nation 's congress . But Micheletti is swimming against world opinion . The U.N. General Assembly condemned the coup last week and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated . The European Union and other nations have recalled their ambassadors from Honduras , and the United States and the World Bank have suspended some aid . Honduran officials have said the Central American nation was prepared to withdraw from the OAS rather than reinstate Zelaya . "  If the Organization of American States does n't deem Honduras worthy of membership of the Organization of American States , then Honduras would renounce with immediate effect the inter-American charter , " said Deputy Foreign Minister Marta Lorena Alvarado . At the center of the dispute was a referendum Zelaya had vowed to carry out even after the country 's supreme court and congress found it illegal . The nonbinding referendum could have led to the creation of a constitutional assembly to modify the country 's charter to allow the president to run for re-election . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a Zelaya ally , won a similar referendum this year , and many Hondurans thought Zelaya was trying to maneuver a way to seek re-election in November . Zelaya has denied that was his intent . Zelaya narrowly won the presidency in 2005 , with 49.8 percent of the vote to 46.1 percent for Porfirio "  Pepe " Lobo . After 18 years of nearly uninterrupted military rule , Honduras returned to civilian control in 1981 . Since then , the military has not seemed interested in holding power in the nation of more than 7 million people , about 70 percent of whom live in poverty . Military interventions were once common in Latin America , but civilian governments have held sway since the 1980s . Before Sunday , the only other barracks revolt this decade was an unsuccessful 2002 coup attempt against Chavez , when the military displaced him but backed down days later and allowed his reinstatement . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Organization of American States suspend Honduras in wake of coup Thousands of supporters at airport for return of ousted president Jose Zelaya Organization of American States wants Zelaya restored to power Newly installed president says Jose Zelaya will be arrested upon return
CNN  -- In 2013 , our TV options were practically endless . Anyway you wanted it -- live , DVR 'd , online , through a streaming service -- you could probably get it . It was like something out of a Journey song . And so we turned to you , our CNN readers , for the second year in a row to find out which shows you absolutely could not do without -- the ones that you would proudly identify as one of your "  favorites . " Earlier this month , thousands of you flocked to our TV polls to tell us your top five picks in the drama , comedy and reality categories . Interestingly enough , even with all of the new shows that arrived in 2013 , your favorite comedies are more or less the same : "  The Big Bang Theory " is still No. 1 , with "  Modern Family " a close second . The only difference , in fact , is that Fox 's "  New Girl " fell out of the top 5 favorites altogether , replaced by the even "  New " - er "  Orange is the New Black . " In the drama category , several voters were clearly feeling nostalgic for "  Breaking Bad . " The AMC show , which ended its run this year , did n't even make the top 5 favorite dramas list in 2012 . This year , however , the Bryan Cranston and company were No. 1 . "  Homeland " likely suffered under the weight of its own ludicrousness and dropped out of the top five this year . In its place is NBC 's new drama "  The Blacklist . " In the reality category , "  Duck Dynasty 's " reign could n't be ignored . CNN reader votes pushed the contested A&E show into second place , knocking perennial favorite "  Survivor " out of the top five altogether . If you missed our voting period , feel free to play along in the comments . Tell us your top five favorite shows across the drama , comedy and reality categories .	CNN readers voted for their favorite TV shows of 2013 They selected their top five picks in drama , reality and comedy categories The choices in comedy were more or less the same The drama and reality categories saw some shake-ups
PEOPLE.com  -- Liv Tyler highly approves of her rock-star father Steven 's choices -- both in love and career . Asked about the "  American Idol " judge 's recent engagement to Clear Channel executive Erin Brady , Liv tells PEOPLE that she 's an enthusiastic supporter of it , explaining that the two have been together "  for a long , long time " and adding , "  I like her very much . " Speaking to PEOPLE at the Sundance Film Festival , where she 's promoting her new movie "  Robot and Frank , " the actress , 34 , also revealed that she 's finally following in her father 's footsteps -- into the music business . "  I got to record a cover of INXS 's ' I Need You Tonight ' for a Givenchy commercial , " says the model , who has a longstanding beauty contract with the European cosmetics company . "  It was fun and terrifying and wonderful , " she says of recording the song , which is due out soon . It 's a logical step for a woman whose roots are in music . "  I always thought when I was a little girl that I 'd be a singer , " she says . "  My mom -LSB- Bebe Buell -RSB- was always in bands . My dad . And my stepfather , Todd Rundgren , is an incredible musician . " As for her dad 's dicey performance of The Star-Spangled Banner on Sunday ? Liv had n't seen it yet . "  Somebody told me my dad just sang the national anthem , " she said . "  I 've got to go Google it . " Or , you know , maybe not . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Liv Tyler says she 's a supporter of her father Steven Tyler 's engagement "  I like her very much , " she said about Erin Brady Tyler is promoting her new movie "  Robot and Frank " at the Sundance Film Festival
CNN  -- Facebook 's flirtation with democracy has come to an end . If it wants to , the social network can now change its policies without user approval . A weeklong open vote on proposed policy changes , including whether to keep public voting and how data is shared with affiliates such as Instagram , closed Monday . If Facebook goes ahead with its plans , this will be the last such public vote . For the results to be binding , more than 30 % of Facebook users had to participate in the vote , which was hosted on the site by a third-party app developer . Facebook says it has more than a billion active users , so that meant at least 300 million members would have needed to vote . But only .2 % of that amount went to the virtual polls . In his blog post announcing the vote last week , Facebook vice president of communications Elliot Schrage said , "  If turnout is less than 30 % , the vote will be advisory . " Even with a sliver of the required votes , it 's clear what Facebook users who voted are advising Facebook to do . Of the 668,752 members who did participate , 88 % voted to stick with the existing policies . The two documents Facebook wishes to update are its data use policy and its statement of rights and responsibilities . The changes under consideration include updating the language of privacy controls to better explain what it means to hide content from your timeline . Another update would change how Facebook shares user data with companies it owns or partners with , most notably Instagram . The social network also wants to drop the voting system , which it established in 2009 as a response to privacy concerns . "  We will be announcing the results and the next steps regarding the governance process shortly , so check back soon , " read a post Monday on the official Facebook Site Governance page . Now a third-party auditor will verify the tallies . But unless 299 million virtual votes were somehow misplaced , the results are clear .	An open vote on Facebook policy changes closes after a week It received only .2 % of 300 million votes needed for results to be binding Facebook must now decide whether it will go ahead with the updates Proposed changes include doing away with the voting system , changing how data is shared
CNN  -- Agnieszka Radwanska has beaten Maria Sharapova in the final of the Miami Masters to claim her second title of the year . The Pole 's straight sets 7-5 6-4 victory over the world No. 2 on Saturday is the biggest of her career to date and moves her up to fourth in the world rankings . The 23-year-old , who did n't drop a set throughout the tournament , now joins world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka as the only woman to have won multiple titles on the WTA Tour in 2012 . "  I got a lot of good wins this year against top players . I was trying from the beginning to focus on my serve , put my first serve in and go for it . I think I did a really good job today and the serve was the key . " Radwanska said afterwards . Surf and volley : ` The Scud ' finds peace Radwanska needed 57 minutes to clinch a first set marked by few winners and a string of unforced errors . Sharapova 's tally of 26 compared with Radwanska 's eight eventually told as the Pole broke the Russian 's serve in the 12th game . Champion 's chat : Sampras talks tennis Despite being less error-strewn the second set took a similar course with Sharapova -- who has now lost four finals in Miami -- losing her serve in the 10th game to hand Radwanska the title . "  I thought she played extremely well , was very consistent , got that extra ball back and I made that extra mistake . She did n't give me many errors , " Sharapova said . The victory is the Pole 's second victory over Sharapova in nine meetings -- the only other triumph came at the U.S. Open in 2007 . The win adds to the title she won in Dubai last month where she defeated Germany 's Julia Goerges in the final .	Agnieszka Radwanska wins her second title of 2012 defeating Maria Sharapova 7-5 6-4 Pole joins world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka as the only multiple winner on WTA Tour this year
CNN  -- Between 1.5 trillion and 2 trillion tons of ice in Greenland , Antarctica and Alaska have melted at an accelerating rate since 2003 , according to NASA scientists , in the latest signs of what they say is global warming . This image shows the changing rate of mass in mountain glaciers on the Gulf of Alaska . Using new satellite technology that measures changes in mass in mountain glaciers and ice sheets , NASA geophysicist Scott Luthcke concluded that the losses amounted to enough water to fill the Chesapeake Bay 21 times . "  The ice tells us in a very real way how the climate is changing , " said Luthcke , who will present his findings this week at the American Geophysical Union conference in San Francisco , California . NASA 's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment , or GRACE , mission uses two orbiting satellites to measure the "  mass balance " of a glacier , or the net annual difference between ice accumulation and ice loss . "  A few degrees of change -LSB- in temperature -RSB- can increase the amount of mass loss , and that contributes to sea level rise and changes in ocean current , " Luthcke said . The data reflects findings from NASA colleague Jay Zwally , who uses different satellite technology to observe changing ice volume in Greenland , the Arctic and Antarctica . In the past five years , Greenland has lost between 150 gigatons and 160 gigatons each year ,  one gigaton equals one billion tons  or enough to raise global sea levels about .5 mm per year , said Zwally , who will also present his findings at the conference this week . GRACE measured that mountain glaciers in the Gulf of Alaska lost about 84 gigatons each year , about five times the average annual flow of the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon , according to NASA . "  Every few extra inches of sea level have very significant economic impacts , because they change the sea level , increase flooding and storm damage , " said , Zwally , ICESat Project Scientist . "  It 's a warning sign . " Melting ice , especially in Greenland and the Arctic , is also thought to contribute to global warming , Zwally said . When the vast ice sheets and glaciers melt , they lose their reflective power , and instead , oceans and land absorb the heat , causing the Arctic waters and the atmosphere to warm faster . "  We 're seeing the impacts of global warming in many areas of our own lives , like agriculture , " Zwally said . As an example , he cited the pine beetle infestation of this summer in the forests of Colorado and western Canada . "  They were believed to be spreading because the winter was not cold enough to kill them , and that 's destroying forests , " he said . In the 1990s , Greenland took in as much snow and water as it let out , Zwally said . But now , about 15 years later , sea levels are rising about 50 percent faster , making the global climate situation even more unpredictable . "  The best estimates are that sea levels will rise about 18 to 36 inches by the end of the century , but because of what 's going on and how fast things are changing , there 's a lot of uncertainty , " he said .	About 2 trillion tons of ice have melted in Greenland , Antarctica , Alaska since 2003 Lost amount of water could fill up Chesapeake Bay 21 times , NASA scientist says Most came from Greenland , where losses raised global sea levels .5 mm annually Scientist says sea levels rising 50 percent faster than 15 years ago
CNN  -- Before releasing an album most bands would talk about record sales or concert dates . But for Egyptian band Cairokee the bigger talking point is whether they will get arrested . "  Only Amir because he writes the lyrics , " the band 's bassist Adam El-Alfy jokes , tapping the shoulder of his friend , the band 's lead singer Amir Eid . In a country currently polarized by politics the band are concerned some of the songs featured on "  El Sekka Shemal "  "  Wrong Turn "  could make them targets for the authorities . In another of the group 's songs entitled "  Nefsy Afagar "  "  I Want To Explode "  Eid sings : "  A new order , just like the old one . And everything works with lying . I want to blow up the streets and roads . " According to the band the song reflects the daily frustration faced by Egyptians , such as stifling traffic , drug use and sexual harassment . "  We have many fans that will get very angry if we did n't release these songs , " says Eid , who claims the band speaks the mind of many Egyptians . In doing so they realize they could face censorship and defamation campaigns , similar to those faced by television satirist Bassem Youssef who had his show cancelled last September after mocking supporters of Egypt 's military . He is now on air again with a different network . Cairokee performed three songs on the first of his new shows . Sitting at the makeshift studio within Eid 's family apartment in which the band recorded most of their songs for the past 10 years , they insist they are not political . "  We talk about freedom , social rights , what we think will make a better place for all of us , " says guitarist Sherif El-Hawary . "  A lot of people kind of mix that , that we have a political agenda . We do n't really . " After years of little success or recognition they rose to prominence through their participation in "  Sout El-Horreya "  "  The Sound of Freedom "  , a song recorded during the Tahrir Square sit-in in 2011 . For the three years that followed they released other songs that also became anthems to Egypt 's revolution , urging Egyptians to "  hold their ground " in "  Ethbat Makanak " and in another yearning for "  The Square . " Their concerts included free performances at political sit-ins . "  The revolution is not politics . Dignity is not politics . This is what we sing about . We did n't sing about politics , but we sing about basic human rights , " says Eid . They have a committed and growing fan-base and when they released on YouTube "  Nas Betroos We Nas Betmoot "  "  People Die While Others Dance "  it gained 1 million views in two months . For the band the song symbolizes a clash of generations , which they think is the source of most of Egypt 's problems : an older generation holding on to an idea of stability and a younger one trying to shape the future it will live in . Eid 's raspy vocals give the band 's music a unique sound , while they cultivate an unconventional image , riding high-powered "  muscle " motorbikes in defiance of the terrible Cairo traffic as an "  escape from reality . " The band is honest about the potential violent consequence of taking a stand against deep-seated views , but they choose to remain optimistic . "  This voice is like a turtle .  We  work very slowly , but we never go back ... Look at the past three years , regimes changed and we continued the revolution , " says Eid . Quiz : Hollywood movies get an Ottoman makeover	Egyptian band came to prominence during the 2011 revolution Songs became anthems for a young generation of Egyptians Band says the clash between older and younger generations is cause of country 's problems
