CNN  -- Never let it be said that Formula One driver Kimi Raikkonen is lacking in confidence . Although he managed to finish third last season , the Finn was still a whopping 74 points behind world champion Sebastian Vettel , but former world champion Raikkonen remains confident that Lotus can challenge the sport 's elite in the coming season . "  It 's clear from working with them that they are racers , and you can see in their history that they 've won championships , " the 33-year-old driver , who won the drivers ' championship with Ferrari in 2007 , told Lotus ' official website as the team became the first to unveil its new 2013 car this week . The Finn made his return to F1 in 2012 after a two-year absence and propelled his Lotus car towards the front of the grid , grabbing a win at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on his way to finishing third in the drivers ' championship . "  Nothing I saw last year made me think that another championship was impossible in the future , " added Raikkonen . "  Of course , there is some pretty tough competition out there and everyone wants to win . "  The team have beaten everyone before and there 's nothing to say they ca n't do it again . " Many observers were surprised to see Raikkonen , who spent time racing in NASCAR and the World Rally Championship during his two-year absence , return to F1 and enjoy immediate success despite being a veteran of 19 previous grands prix wins . But Raikkonen never lost doubt in his own ability as a driver . "  I knew I could still perform well in Formula 1 given the right opportunity , " the Finn continued . "  It was only other people who had doubts . "  There will be a new car which we 'll want to develop and get working at its best . There are always changes in the sport ; some small , some big . Generally everything 's pretty similar , and the feeling of racing on track is pretty familiar . " Raikkonen is entering the final year of his contract with the British-based team , but he is yet to sit down and discuss his future . "  I 'm not really thinking beyond this season at the moment , but I 'm sure there will be talk before the end of the year , " said Raikkonen , who will turn 34 in October . "  I enjoyed my comeback to Formula One last year and there 's no reason to say I should n't enjoy the 2013 season too . I know there will be big changes to the cars and regulations for 2014 , so who 's to say that wo n't be exciting . " Raikkonen and his teammate Romain Grosjean will both be on the track for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 17 .	Kimi Raikkonen says he can win the world champions with Lotus The Finn was crowned drivers ' champion with Ferrari in 2007 Raikkonen finished 2012 in third position , behind Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso His current deal with Lotus expires at the end of the season
CNN  -- The debut of the tiny $ 35 Raspberry Pi computer crashed its distributors ' websites on the way to selling out within hours of launch . Looking like little more than a credit card-sized chip of circuit board , the powerful , fully-programmable PC can plug into any TV and can power 3D graphics and Blu-ray video playback . Its British-based designers at the Raspberry Pi Foundation hope the computer , which has been in the works for six years , will spark new interest in programming among children . "  The primary goal was to build a low cost computer that every child could own , and one where programming was the natural thing to do with it , " said co-founder Robert Mullins . The computer 's miniature uncased circuit board is crowded with an Ethernet connection for the internet , two USB ports and an SD card port for memory and is powered by a standard USB mobile charger . The low-cost computer runs a free , open-source Linux operating system and does not include a monitor or keyboard . The first version of the Raspberry Pi will ship soon to developers , and the hope is that they will design software that will enable children to design their own computer programs . The project came about when a group of Cambridge-based computer programmers noticed that fewer and less-qualified students were applying for computer science courses at Cambridge University . Inspired by computers like the BBC Micro and the Commodore 64 in the 1980s , the group of engineers set out to build a new programmable machine for a new generation . "  Each year we had fewer and fewer students applying , and most of them had n't really done much more than write a web page , " Raspberry Pi co-founder Eben Upton told CNN . "  So we kind of set out to recreate that feeling of the BBC Micro in the hopes it would spark a new wave of kids knowing how to program . " Upton told CNN that an even cheaper version of the computer , which will retail for just $ 25 , is going into production within the next several weeks . In the long term , he hopes the computer will generate an additional 1,000 engineers in the UK each year -- an "  industry-changing development " , according to Upton . "  Anyone who expresses a desire to get into designing software should have a platform to do it , " he said .	$ 35 credit card-sized Raspberry Pi computer sells out within hours of launch Designers hope mini-PC will inspire children to learn about computer programming Even cheaper version of Raspberry Pi in production soon , will retail at $ 25
CNN  -- Two years after the United States pulled its forces out of Iraq , the country is , in the words of one analyst , "  a house of cards . " "  It is a contraption held together solely by the reluctance of its many components to let things again come to blows , and which survives on constant infusions of cash thanks to high international oil prices , " wrote International Crisis Group analyst Joost Hilterman . Yet the blows keep coming . In some parts of the country , violence has reached urgent proportions , with nearly 1,000 people killed in October alone , according to the United Nations . With Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in Washington to plead for help from the United States in battling a resurgent al Qaeda , here 's a look at some of the main issues facing the country . Sectarian divisions At the heart of so many of Iraq 's many problems is the deep-seated division between the country 's Shiite majority and its Sunni minority . Those divisions have deep roots , including decades of repressive and often violent policies against Sunnis -- particularly Kurdish Sunnis -- under the decades-long rule of dictator Saddam Hussein , deposed in the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq . A Kurdish Sunni , Jalal Talabani , is Iraq 's president . However , many members of the faith feel marginalized by the more powerful al-Maliki and what the International Crisis Group described in August as his "  divide-and-conquer strategy that has neutered any credible Sunni Arab leadership . " Despite a power-sharing agreement reached in 2010 , Sunnis -- who enjoyed political dominance under Hussein -- have complained that al-Maliki has used "  de-baathification " as a pretext to exclude them any significant role in national government . In 2010 , many Sunnis boycotted parliamentary elections after a government commission banned nearly 500 candidates for alleged links to the Sunni-dominated Baath Party once led by Hussein . The violence playing out today has immediate roots in a 2012 Sunni protest movement that analysts say began peacefully but escalated into violence after the government responded with force first . Only later did the government offer what the International Crisis Group described as "  half-hearted , belated concessions " that did more to disillusion Sunnis than placate them . Circumstances are likely to continue to worsen , warned the International Crisis Group . "  Under intensifying pressure from government forces and with dwindling faith in a political solution , many Sunni Arabs have concluded their only realistic option is a violent conflict increasingly framed in confessional terms , " according to the group . 5 lessons of the Iraq war A resurgent al Qaeda In 2008 , after an increase in U.S. forces in Iraq and with the aid of Sunni tribes who joined the battle against insurgents , al Qaeda in Iraq appeared to be badly beaten . But since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. troops , the Sunni-led group known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has staged a comeback amid Iraq 's growing sectarian tensions -- as well as the conflict in neighboring Syria . Some , including Republican U.S. Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham , have criticized al-Maliki 's governing approach for antagonizing Sunnis . In a letter to Obama ahead of his visit with al-Maliki , the two complained that the prime minister is part of the problem standing between Iraq and greater stability . "  By too often pursuing a sectarian and authoritarian agenda , Prime Minister Maliki and his allies are disenfranchising Sunni Iraqis , marginalizing Kurdish Iraqis , and alienating the many Shia Iraqis who have a democratic , inclusive , and pluralistic vision for their country , " they wrote . They are n't alone . "  Many analysts say heavy-handed actions taken by the Maliki government to consolidate power in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal have alienated much of the Sunni minority and provided AQI with potent propaganda , " Jonathan Masters and Zachary Lamb of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote this week . And the International Crisis Group argued in August that "  under intensifying pressure from government forces and with dwindling faith in a political solution , many Sunni Arabs have concluded their only realistic option is a violent conflict increasingly framed in confessional terms . " That the conflict is increasingly violent is without question . More than 6,400 civilians have died in violence in Iraq this year , the United Nations reports , 979 in October alone . And al Qaeda linked attacks have grown increasingly sophisticated and brazen . For instance , this week , attackers hit a military checkpoint west of Mosul with a suicide car bombing . Gunmen then targeted ambulances carrying victims , police said . In another example , fighters from the group carried out sophisticated , multipronged attacks on two prisons near Baghdad in July , setting hundreds of prisoners free , including high-ranking al Qaeda members , according to authorities . The situation has grown dire enough to raise the specter of a renewed civil war there , according to many analysts and even the special representative of the U.N. secretary-general in Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov . "  Today , Iraq is riven by constant and worsening violence , and the prospect of deepening sectarianism casts a dark shadow over the country . These challenges -- both developmental and security -- threaten the very fabric of Iraqi society and test the extent of the nation 's social cohesion , " he said in a speech last week in Baghdad . The history of Iraq Syria The situation next door in Syria , where civil war is raging , is n't helping Iraq 's stability . Not only are Kurdish officials having to find ways to deal with nearly 200,000 refugees who have sought shelter in relatively peaceful northern Iraq , the conflict is increasing militancy in the region . "  The war in Syria has become a magnet that attracts sectarian extremists and terrorists from various parts of the world and gathers them in our neighborhood , with many slipping across our all-too-porous borders , " al-Maliki wrote in a New York Times opinion piece this week . Although Iraq is technically neutral on Syria 's civil war , al-Maliki is widely seen as supportive of the county 's president , Bashar al-Assad , for fear of what could happen should Sunni extremists linked to al Qaeda take control there . "  The civil war in neighboring Syria has exacerbated domestic tensions , " the Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect , a human rights group , recently wrote . "  Many Sunni and Shia radicals have joined armed groups fighting in Syria , while Prime Minister Maliki is seen by some Iraqis as being overly sympathetic to President Bashar al-Assad 's government and its Iranian allies . " Security Issues Given such issues to deal with , it 's no wonder al-Maliki is calling on Obama to seek more assistance to help combat terrorism and other security concerns . Among other things , he 's seeking military equipment and other aid to help bolster border security , combat terrorism and tackle other threats . The U.S. plans to go ahead with delivery of F-16 fighter jets to Iraq next year , and a senior U.S. official who spoke to reporters on background said this week that in addition to weapons sales , greater intelligence-sharing is also likely in the cards . "  What we do n't want the Iraqis to do is just take a security-centric approach to this , " the official said . "  What that means is making sure they have information in terms of where people are located , where it 's coming from , where the funding is coming from , and that 's something we can do pretty effectively , " the official continued . "  So we 're trying to help them now as best we can , and that 's going to be a key topic of discussion over the course of the visit . " Economic issues Although gains have been made to restore Iraq 's economy after years of war , occupation and violence , crushing poverty remains pervasive , and the economy remains fragile . Nearly 2 million Iraqis sometimes lack enough to eat , Mladenov said . Infant mortality remains high , as does illiteracy and unemployment . And the violence threatens to derail the country 's oil production , which drives much of its economy . According to Iraq 's Oil Ministry , exports fell to 62.1 million barrels in September , from a peak of 79 million barrels in April , when the worst of the violence began . A continued slide could threaten the government 's ability to pay for increased security and economic development efforts . The oil sector provides more than 90 % of government revenue and four-fifths of its foreign exchange earnings , according to the CIA . Spurt of attacks in Iraq	Sectarian divisions , terror , regional conflict and economic issues all threaten Iraqi stability Continued violence could also threaten the country 's oil exports and economy All these issues form backdrop for Iraqi prime minister 's visit with President Obama
CNN  -- Fans of Usher Raymond IV view him as a singing , dancing and acting superstar . Superstar performer Usher Raymond IV at the closing ceremony for Usher 's Camp New Look . But to a special group of young people , he is a mentor and a friend . "  He leads by example , " said Arnold "  Supa " LaFrance , a "  Mogul in Training " at Usher 's Camp New Look . "  Usher 's all about peace and love and giving back to the community , and it 's genuine . He does it when the cameras are on and when the cameras are off . " Now in its fifth year , the camp is a passion for the Grammy Award-winning artist , who each year gives more than a hundred teens from underserved communities across the country the opportunity to learn about the entertainment and sports industries . Thomas Springer , a 17-year-old Atlanta , Georgia , resident , has participated in the camp for four years and said he wants to use his talent in filmmaking and what he has learned at Camp New Look to help his community . "  Before I came to camp , I did n't think I had a voice in my community and that I could do anything based on my age , " Springer said . "  The camp let me know that no matter what your age , no matter what you do , you can make an impact on your community . " Usher came to fame as a teen and has sold millions of records , including the hit singles "  Yeah " and "  Confessions II . " His success has allowed him to become part owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team and to launch his own line of fragrances for men and women . The camp , the singer said , teaches participants the business aspects of the entertainment and sports industries and imparts the importance of being service-oriented . A selection committee selects campers that are nominated by partner organizations in various cities across the country . Now the father of two young boys , Usher said he is also enriched by the camp 's experience . "  It makes me a better man . It makes me a better individual , " he said . "  There 's a difference between hard work and heart work , and this would represent heart work . " Watch Usher talk about his camp " As a youngster , Usher participated in the Boys & Girls Clubs of America , and he said it helped shape his ideas about mentoring . "  I think that the Boys & Girls Club is a very positive environment for kids , " he said . "  It 's another place that allows you to be a product of your experience . I encountered a lot of people who became mentors for me there . " At this year 's closing ceremony for Usher 's Camp New Look , held at the Alliance Theater at Woodruff Arts Center in Atlanta , the energy level was high as campers and their family members walked a red carpet alongside some of Usher 's celebrity friends , including NBA star Alonzo Mourning and San Francisco 49er Allen Rossum . The free , residential camp held for two weeks every summer in Atlanta is an outgrowth of Usher 's New Look Foundation , which he established to empower at-risk youth by giving them the skills necessary to enter careers in the sports and entertainment industries and working with them to provide employment opportunities . Mourning said Usher is one who understands that "  to whom much is given , much is required . " "  The service that Usher is providing for these kids with these educational opportunities and expanding their lives to a whole new level , it 's important that we all rally around these particular causes and support these initiatives , " Mourning said . Gabrielle Brou , 16 , a first-year camper from Ocean Springs , Mississippi , who aspires to be an actress , said there were countless opportunities at camp to network with successful people who are living the lives she hopes to achieve . "  Once I found out that there were ways I could better myself in acting , learn the business and also give back ... I decided that this camp would be really great for me , " she said . "  I would love to do it again next year . " Having a day set aside for the campers and their families to revel in all that they have achieved and their future possibilities left Usher with a huge smile on his face . "  It 's really good to see them be able to live out their dreams , " he said .	Usher 's Camp New Look helps kids from underserved communities Campers learn business behind entertainment and sports industries Singer serves as mentor to more than 100 participants Usher , who was mentored , said camp represents his "  heart work "
CNN  -- All I want for Christmas is a triple-nipple baby bottle , some extinct goat DNA , and a Mars survival kit . Is that really too much to ask ? Not if you happened to walk past a particular neon-lit convenience store in downtown Brooklyn -- the flashing sign in the window advertising "  Cash for genes . " Inside the unremarkable 99 cents shop you 'd find the usual assortment of hair accessories , shoelaces , and cleaning products ; the only thing binding them together being their "  Low ! Low ! " price . But take a closer look and you 'd also discover strange items from the future -- a universal language translator , a liquid cash injection kit , even some spacesuit lining  for when those bothersome transgenic moths eat through your helmet  . This is the world according to the Extrapolation Factory -- a group of New York designers using a mixture of expert reports and crowd-sourcing to create products anywhere from 10 to 10,000 years in the future . Made in Brooklyn Now items from their "  99c Store of the Future " -- a one-off installation where space-age objects were sold in an ordinary shop -- has gone on display in China 's first state-run contemporary art gallery . The Shanghai Power Station of Art -- a former power station turned museum overlooking Huangpu River -- last week launched its Design Shanghai 2013 exhibition , showcasing over 500 works from around the world . "  We 're contributing 30 products that came from the 99 cents store -- very peculiar , bespoke future objects , " said Elliott Montgomery , co-founder of the Extrapolation Factory . "  By putting these ideas out there , we 're pushing the way people think about consumerism far beyond the immediate . It 'll be interesting to see how people 's reactions in Shanghai differ from those in New York City . " Futuring The surreal project is part of a growing movement in design called "  Futuring " -- which as the name suggests , involves creating products for the future . "  The incorporation of futures thinking into the design world has picked up pace hugely since the mid-2000s , " said Stuart Candy , professor of foresight and design at Ontario College of Art and Design . "  With massive global challenges looming , like climate change , peak oil , and economic volatility , we need to develop a cultural capacity for thinking ahead and creating options -- so we are n't just reacting to crisis after crisis . " But "  Futuring " is n't just about developing environmentally-friendly cars or search-and-rescue robots . As the Extrapolation Factory showed , it can also be found in the ordinary 99 cents store down the road , or what Candy describes as "  Guerrilla Futuring . " "  The 99 cents store project is interesting because it 's a rare invitation to imagine the future 's mundane side , " he added . "  Popular notions of the future often get stuck in a kind of glossy rut - gleaming buildings and whiz-bang inventions -- and it 's not often that we see the futures of everyday life brought into focus . " Design So how did the Extrapolation Factory create their intriguing objects ? The group -- comprising 33-year-olds Elliott Montgomery and Chris Woebken , who met after studying design interactions at London 's Royal College of Art -- put the call out for members of the public interested in "  futuring . " On a snowy day in New York City , they gathered 40 people -- ranging from seven-year-old kids to middle aged architects -- and asked them to read think-tank reports on the future . "  The forecasts were from a broad spectrum -- obesity as a percentage of the UK population , robots in the homes of South Koreans , shortages of chocolate , acceptance of drug use , and technology , " said Montgomery . The participants then wrote a short story imagining a world where these forecasts came to life . A table was laid out with various items from other 99 cents stores , which they used to create new products for their fantastical fables . "  We got some very bleak futures where environmental scenarios were really devastating , like the dying out of coral reefs . So products like the "  Grow Your Own Coral Reef " responded to those issues , " said Montgomery . "  At the same time there were people who imaged a future of great possibilities . One of the children was responding to the idea of robots in all our homes , who would help her brush her pet chinchilla . So the product she made was an arm attachment for your chinchilla-brushing robot . " What next ? There 's an interesting parallel in seeing objects from the 99 cents store of the future going on display in China -- one of the world 's biggest makers of cheap , mass-produced products . "  It seems appropriate that the project be brought from New York to Shanghai , " said Candy . "  It prompts us to think about the supply chains - in which China is a critical link - which make the phenomenon of 99 cents stores possible in the developed world . " So could these fantastical 99 cents items become reality ? "  We 're not asking people to predict , but more to dream , " said Montgomery . "  Or produce nightmares , if that 's what will help us make decisions in the present . "	What would 99 cents store of the future look like ? Two NY designers found out Created hundreds of futuristic products , and sold them in ordinary shop Now surreal items have gone on show in Shanghai Design 2013 exhibition
London  CNN  -- As the National Transitional Council  NTC  prepares to dissolve itself , and its replacement starts working towards Libya 's new constitution and democratic institutions , it is worth reflecting why the United Kingdom and France supported the revolution back in late March . Contrary to what some believe , it was not all about oil ; but oil and gas will be central to Libya 's recovery . There is no doubt that if the No Fly Zone had not been imposed and the decision to back regime change was not taken , then Colonel Moammar Gadhafi would have carried out his threat to punish Benghazi for its February 17 uprising , at enormous human cost . But even if Prime Minister David Cameron and President Nicolas Sarkozy were motivated by humanitarian concerns -- and encouraged by the feasibility of protecting an enclave that had bravely won freedom for itself -- could they nevertheless be expecting a bounty in return for their support ? There has been a lot of disinformation and muddled thinking on this question , starting with the letter purportedly written by the rebels in early April promising to assign France 35 % of the country 's oil in return for its support . The NTC has denied making such a commitment , but even if it had , would any new and legitimate government of Libya need to honor it ? What , indeed , does Libya 's oil wealth amount to and how should the new government manage it ? The answers to these questions show just how impossible it will be for the rulers of the new Libyan state to hand out portions of its reserves and production to its friends , or for Britain , France and even Italy , which has huge political influence and vast interests in Libya 's oil and gas sector , to expect many favors . Libya 's past oil production of about 1.6 million barrels per day was sold on contracts arranged by the National Oil Corporation  NOC  's opaque oil marketing committee . There is a lot which the new management can do to make this process more transparent and open and also to account for revenues more fully . It is in the country 's interests to ensure the process is competitive . Any future scramble for new Libyan hydrocarbons reserves will also be competitive . Existing reserves are of course spoken for . All of Libya 's production belongs either to subsidiaries of NOC or to approximately half a dozen joint ventures with European , U.S. and Canadian companies . Dozens of other companies including ExxonMobil , BP , Shell , Gazprom have exploration rights to large areas of Libya 's desert and sea , but so far not many of them have made discoveries . These rights are tied up in contracts most of which give a very good deal to the Libyan side . Initially the NTC said it would honor all these contracts unless there was clear evidence of corruption . It has shifted this position somewhat in response to popular pressure . The interim oil and finance minister Ali Tarhouni recently announce the formation of a committee which will examine every contract . But changes at this level are unlikely . Many of the recent contracts were awarded in highly-competitive open licensing rounds in which the scope for corruption was very limited . The older contracts could be more doubtful , but these are the producing contracts -- the country 's life blood . The government may make the bold move of publishing them , but can not cancel them without huge cost . If anything is up for grabs in the Libya of the future , it could be service contracts to help the state oil company improve production from its existing fields and further exploration rights for gas . In the two months since the Gadhafi regime fell , the NTC has brought oil production back up to 300-400 ,000 barrels per day . From now every extra 100,000 barrels will be more difficult , costly and time-consuming to bring back . Thousands of workers have to return , and a huge amount of investment is required to recapitalize the oil field camps , many of which have been looted over the past six months . Some wells will also need repair as will the main export terminals in the Gulf of Sirte , which suffered the most damage in the conflict . The gas potential is huge and largely unrealized . Libya already sends gas to Italy by pipeline , but it is a much less significant producer than its neighbor Algeria . It would like to find more gas and take a larger slice of the European market . Shell and BP are amongst those already involved in expensive projects to make this happen . New exploration contracts could be issued : French and British companies could benefit . Italy 's Eni is already a predominant player , and has returned to the country more quickly than its competitors . But they are not the only contenders . Some analysts expect that Qatar , holder of the world 's third largest gas reserves and a vital supporter of the NTC , may work alongside Libya to market any future gas to Europe , perhaps cooperating on Liquid Natural Gas developments . In any case , the gas has to be found first . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Hamilton	The UK and French support of the Libyan revolution was not all about oil However , there are questions around whether they expect a bounty in return for their support Contracts to help the state oil company improve production and further exploration rights for gas could be up for grabs
CNN  While Disneyland has long been known as the "  happiest place on Earth , " Disney 's cruise ships sound like they 're also pretty cheerful spots to vacation . At least that 's what the 2015 Cruise Critic Cruisers ' Choice Awards , announced Monday , are indicating . Disney Cruise Line dominated this year 's awards , winning in 12 categories . Disney Cruise Line won the coveted "  best overall " cruise line award for the third year in a row . The Disney Dream ship won in the large ship category , and Disney Wonder won in the midsize category . Other Disney awards include Disney Dream 's wins for "  best entertainment " and "  best cruises to the Bahamas " and Disney Fantasy 's wins for "  best cabins , " "  best service " and "  best for families . " The awards are based on consumer reviews by members of the Cruise Critic website . "  Cruise Critic 's community of cruisers is the largest in the world , so to be named to this list is truly an honor , " said Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of Cruise Critic . "  Of the thousands of reviews we received in 2014 , these ships represent the best-of-the-best , qualified by travelers who have sailed firsthand and shared their experiences once they returned . " Oceania Riviera won four awards , including "  best dining " and "  best cabins " in the midsize category for the second year in a row , taking note of the variety of fine dining options , Culinary Center and elegant cabin furnishings . Carnival Liberty was named "  best value for money " in the large ship category for the second consecutive year . The awards are bestowed in three ship categories , based on passenger capacity . Large ships carry 2,000 or more passengers . Midsize ships carry 1,200 to 1,999 passengers . Small ships carry fewer than 1,200 . Awards are calculated using Cruise Critic member ratings .	Mickey Mouse 's cruise line dominates cruise awards Disney 's Dream and Wonder ships take several trophies Oceania Riviera and Carnival Liberty also win big
CNN  -- When Oculus , makers of a virtual-reality headset many view as the future of video gaming , agreed in March to a $ 2 billion buyout by Facebook , they were n't tempted by the success of "  FarmVille " or "  Candy Crush . " Instead , they eyed the 1.2 billion people who use Facebook every month , with dreams of dropping most of them together into a new , virtual world . "  With Oculus ... if you 're putting on this pair of glasses and you 're going to be face-to-face communicating with people and you 're going to be jumping in and out of this new set of virtual worlds , this was going to be the largest MMO  massively multiuser online community  ever made , " Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe said Monday at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in New York . "  This is going to be an MMO where we want to put a billion people in virtual reality , and a billion-person virtual-world MMO is going to require a bigger network than exists today . Why not start with Facebook and their infrastructure and their team and talent that they 've built up ? " Designed by a team with strong roots in the video-gaming world , the Oculus Rift is a headset that provides a 360-degree field of vision , allowing wearers to view , and react to , their surroundings in a realistic manner . Created by 20-year-old Palmer Luckey , Oculus first turned heads in 2012 when it went to Kickstarter in hopes of making enough money to continue development and ended up raking in nearly $ 2.5 million . Gaming legend John Carmack , the lead programmer of pioneering games such as "  Doom " and "  Quake , " has since come on board , and the headset has been hailed by many , including CNN and Time , as one of the top inventions in recent years . But when Oculus sold to Facebook , many in the gaming community were surprised . If they were going to sell , why not to Microsoft , Sony or Nintendo , the gaming world 's major players ? Iribe said it was all about escaping limitations . "  We 're very committed to gaming . But do we want to be Game Boy or do we want to be iPhone or Android ? " he said , referring to Nintendo 's now-defunct handheld gaming device . "  I think Game Boy was an awesome platform , but I think you 'll see handheld game devices largely disrupted by the mobile market and mobile devices . " Since developer kits began shipping in spring 2013 , Oculus has continued to add to the roster of companies hoping to create content for its system . The process heated up even more in the wake of the Facebook deal , Iribe said , when some of the gaming world 's top names jumped in , seemingly reassured that investing time in development would pay off in the long run . But he says it would be a mistake to limit Oculus to gaming . "  We started off with a big focus on gaming , which we still have -- we 're all former game developers , " he said . "  Then , looking at where vision and VR is going to go in the next 10 years , it 's going to be a lot about face-to-face communication and social . "  A number of people ... have said this is going to be the most social platform of all time . " Thus far , Facebook seems satisfied to bring Oculus into the family and then largely allow it to continue doing its own thing . That 's the model Facebook has employed with Instagram and WhatsApp , other successful startups it snapped up in recent years . Facebook 's $ 19 billion move you might not notice Iribe said many within Oculus were leery of being taken over by anyone , and that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg specifically mentioned Instagram and WhatsApp as examples of how the relationship would work . "  You can use any part of Facebook , or not ; it 's up to you guys , " Iribe said he was told . "  You now just have one of the biggest networks in the world behind you . " He also teased a mind-blowing new generation of virtual reality coming in the future from Oculus that will challenge our perception of what 's real and what 's not . "  This avatar you 're looking at , your brain will be convinced it 's a person , because it is , " he said . "  It 's just the virtual representation of a person ...  but  you 'll be there going , ' I know that 's you . It does n't quite look like you -- you 're a cartoon or you 've changed your hair -- but I can tell it 's you . ' And your brain will be convinced . "	Oculus CEO : We want a virtual-reality world with 1 billion people in it Brendan Iribe says Facebook deal was attractive because of network 's size He says gaming is still important , but VR will transform social Iribe was speaking at TechCrunch Disrupt in New York
CNN  Silent , almost shy as she headed into Manhattan Criminal Court , Ailina Tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival , prosecutors say . According to a criminal complaint , Tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer , saying "  Leave my man alone . " "  Stop looking for him . ... I know people that can put a bomb where you live , " she said , according to the complaint . Considering who was making the threats , prosecutors did n't consider it a joke and charged Tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment , which she denies . Leaving court last December , she and her lawyer refused to discuss the case . Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing , which left three people dead and more than 260 others injured . Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , during the manhunt and later captured Dzhokhar , who is now on trial . Tsarnaev 's lawyers do n't dispute that he did it . The defense argues that he was influenced and enlisted by his older , self-radicalized brother to commit acts of terror . Defense rests in Boston Marathon bombing trial The Tsarnaev family first immigrated to the Boston area back in 2002 . The parents , fleeing a troubled region of Russia , were treated as legal residents and granted asylum -- a status that opened the door for taxpayer-funded welfare . The state of Massachusetts has confirmed the Tsarnaevs received food stamps , public housing and other aid , on and off , between 2002 and 2012 . During this time , Tamerlan Tsarnaev began his conversion to radical Islam . Then , according to investigators , he began filling his younger brother 's head with a hatred toward the West . Not much is known about the two Tsarnaeva daughters , Ailina , 24 , and Bella , 26 , though their last known address was in North Bergen , New Jersey . Along with charges of making bomb threats , Ailina Tsarnaeva has a past record that includes misleading police in a counterfeiting case . She pleaded guilty but got no jail time . She was also charged with leaving the scene of an accident , but that charge was dismissed . Her older sister , Bella , was charged with marijuana possession and intent to distribute after a 2012 arrest , and she entered a pretrial intervention program . Even their mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaeva , has had issues with the law . She fled back to Russia in 2012 , where she remains a fugitive . Records show that she was arrested in June 2012 for allegedly shoplifting $ 1,600 worth of women 's clothing from a Boston-area Lord & Taylor department store . She is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property . Russia raised concerns to U.S. authorities about her in 2011 at the same time they asked the United States about her son Tamerlan , several sources told CNN shortly after the 2013 attack . U.S. authorities added the mother and son to the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , database -- a collection of more than a half-million names maintained by the National Counterterrorism Center , an intelligence official said . FBI agents interviewed Zubeidat Tsarnaev as part of the investigation into her son , whose case was closed after several months . The radicalization of Tsarnaev In Russia , she has maintained her innocence in the shoplifting case while also calling the charges against her sons "  made up . " Though not elaborating on her beliefs , Ailina Tsarnaeva has said she believes , as her mother does , that her surviving brother Dzhokhar and her dead brother Tamerlan are innocent . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , now 21 , faces 30 criminal counts , including using a weapon of mass destruction causing death . On Tuesday , one day after federal prosecutors rested after calling more than 90 witnesses , defense lawyers rested their case without calling Tsarnaev to the stand . Closing arguments are expected Monday . Tsarnaev attorney : ` It was him ' Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for his alleged role in the Boston Marathon bombings Tsarnaev 's sister , Ailina , was in court in December related to aggravated harassment charges Tsarnaev 's mother is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property
For many hotel guests , paying for Wi-Fi is an outdated charge that you only get wind of when you 're up in your room . Now that mobile phones have rendered hotel room phones largely obsolete , Wi-Fi is the new bugbear for today 's traveler . "  A lot of hotels lived well off telephone income , " says Kurt Ritter , president & CEO of Rezidor Hotel Group . "  Telephone income was a big part of -- I do n't want to say cheating -- but overcharging the customer . "  Everyone wants to make money , but I think you should make it in a reasonable way and internet , it 's not a good idea to charge . It 's like the air you breathe , the water you turn on -- it should be for free . " The Rezidor Group owns mid-tier chain Radisson Blu and has offered free Wi-Fi since 1995 , which is now available in more than 50,000 rooms worldwide . "  If I use the 60 %  Wi-Fi  usage that we have over the chain and the median figure that travelers pay , we would have roughly $ 10 million more income a year , " Ritter says . But he adds that even though the revenue from Wi-Fi could fill the international phone-charge void , he is n't tempted to charge . See also : Marriott mogul 's 55 years of hotels For hotel guests there 's the added frustration of inconsistency . Some hotels charge for Wi-Fi per device , others offer it free only to loyalty members ; some chain hotels offer free Wi-Fi at their budget brands but charge for it at their luxury ones ; sometimes Wi-Fi is free in the lobby . With no set rules , hotels charge as much or as little as they like . Take five-star hotels in London as an example : The Hilton Mayfair 's daily rate is $ 32 , and it also charges $ 120 for five days or $ 150 for a week , while Hilton Gold and Diamond members get it for free ; the Haymarket hotel also charges $ 32 a day or 50 cents a minute ; Four Seasons offers complimentary Wi-Fi for basic use , like emailing and social media , but charges $ 32 a day for a premium level with faster Wi-Fi . Other charges range from $ 15 a day at The Savoy to $ 41 a day at The Ritz Hotel . Joe Germanotta , chief executive of GuestWi-Fi , Wi-Fi provider to hotels such as Crowne Plaza and the Intercontinental Hotel Group , does n't see a problem with Wi-Fi rates . "  When you have to pay for it as an amenity they guarantee you the reliability and speed and the security , " he says . "  And it 's becoming a very expensive proposition for the hotel to maintain these services , so it makes sense that they have to charge for it . " Germanotta says it costs a hotel roughly $ 375 per month to pay for Wi-Fi , which is why not all hotels charge for it . So when some budget and luxury hotels , along with bars and cafes , offer it for free , it 's hard not to raise an eyebrow at the hotels that do n't . But some argue the real cost for hotels comes in keeping up with ever-changing Wi-Fi specifications . "  What 's been happening over the years is the bandwidth , the internet size requirement , has gone up tremendously and that number keeps growing and growing -- and that 's where the hotel has a problem , " Germanotta says . See also : Richard Gere 's boutique hotel The Mandarin Oriental in Knightsbridge , London , charges $ 10 an hour or $ 25 a day , allowing for up to six devices , but guests can use Wi-Fi for free in the lobby and bar . "  Given the constant re-investment and the constant drive with new technology coming in much faster than most of us can adapt ... we 're at a point where we take any bit of profit and continue to re-invest in the technology , " says Monika Neger , chief information officer for the Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group . She adds that if hotels charge for Wi-Fi , the service must be excellent . "  Some of the challenges the industry has had is charging for not very good bandwidth and this has really caused the entire industry to reflect and say how are we going to manage this ? " Neger says . "  We 've had to make investments in areas that we 've never invested in before -- meeting space , in the lobby . We are spending at minimum $ 250,000 per year in all of our properties to bring them up to current specifications . " She adds : "  The hotels who have yet not adopted any type of operating cost to set off this investment will find themselves in a difficult position . " Paying the bills may be difficult but so is keeping customers happy . It 's not just how much they have to pay that 's frustrating for guests -- it 's also the difficulty of just logging on . Jean-Jacques Cesbron , from New York , is co-founder and president of Cami Music , and is on the road every other week . "  Every hotel has a different system , " he says . "  Some require a code from front desk , some require you put in a credit card number , some just ask for your room number and then charge to your room . "  The fact is that it is a crapshoot to get a quality connection and the inconvenience of figuring out the process to get it is terrible . " With the growth of social media and websites like HotelChatter , it 's becoming clear that guests ' changing demands ca n't be ignored . Since 2004 , HotelChatter has published an annual Hotel Wi-Fi report , praising the brands and boutiques that offer high-quality networks and naming and shaming those that do n't . "  Getting charged each night for 24 hours Wi-Fi seems like pure profiteering on their part , but I think hotels are starting to realize that they will lose valuable customers and valuable business by charging crazy amounts for Wi-Fi , " says Juliana Shallcross , managing editor at HotelChatter . "  What we are probably going to see more of is a tiered pay structure , where basic internet is free for emailing and updating your Facebook status . Anything more involved , like downloading movies , large PDF files , then you 'll start to pay , " she adds . Hotels not only need to adapt to guest activity , they also need to be aware that for many guests Wi-Fi is not an extra luxury , like the mini bar or dry cleaning , it 's part and parcel of the guest experience -- like hot water and clean towels . Do you think it 's OK for hotels to charge for Wi-Fi or do you think it should be free ? Do you think tiered payments are the answer ? Let us know by leaving a comment below .	Many hotels still charge guests for Wi-Fi access and prices are often inconsistent Some hotel chains say Wi-Fi should be free , others say they need to offset investment Tiered payment system could see extra charges for downloading movies
LONDON , England  CNN  -- With Quentin Tarantino 's recent disclosure that Brad Pitt "  pulled out a brick of hash " for the pair to smoke during a meeting about Tarantino 's new film "  Inglourious Basterds , " the two movie icons could today be mistaken for old roomies . Brad Pitt and Quentin Tarantino have always wanted to work together but could n't find the right project before "  Inglourious Basterds . " However , in an interview with CNN , the charismatic director of "  Pulp Fiction " and "  Reservoir Dogs " insists that the well-anticipated union was a long time in the making . "  It was very much a case of us wanting to work together , but waiting for the right project to come along , " he told CNN . It has been 16 years since a youthful Pitt featured -- rather fittingly , it seems -- as a stoned layabout in "  True Romance , " the Tarantino-scripted tale of lovers on the run . Since that time , Tarantino says , "  everybody 's been wondering when this great love affair is gon na happen . " And yet , when Tarantino first approached Brad 's representative about another project , the agent was apparently "  too protective " of the future relationship between the director and his client . "  He told me the last thing he wanted was to put us in the same room and let us fall in love over a movie we would n't be able to do . " A seasoned filmmaker by this time , Tarantino could relate to the points raised by the agent and decided to take a step back and let things happen naturally . He first sensed Pitt could be a strong contender for the role of Aldo Raine , the "  fast-talking , vengeance-driven hillbilly from the mountains of Tennessee " who leads Tarantino 's critically-divisive "  Inglourious Basterds , " when he was half way through writing the script . From "  Dogs " to "  Basterds : " Tarantino 's career in pictures " At this stage , however , Tarantino was still not entirely convinced Pitt would be the best choice . "  Then , I wrote a little bit more and thought Brad would be terrific . By the time I got towards the end , I felt he would be perfect but became worried I would n't get him . " He quickly made contact with the agent again and explained there was another project in the pipeline . At this point , he was worried Pitt could already be committed for the next few years . Fortunately for the army of Pitt and Tarantino fans around the world , this was not the case . "  His agent said Brad does n't do that because he wants to be available when good material is offered . " The rest , as they say , is history . "  It was a lot of fun working with Brad , which was n't very surprising , " Tarantino told CNN . "  We had already been told we would get along like a house on fire , and that 's pretty much what happened . " With Tarantino 's revelation Tuesday on the Howard Stern Show that he and Brad had got through six bottles of wine and a "  slice of hash " in one night , Angelina may be one of the few people hoping that this is not the start a beautiful relationship . George Webster contributed to this report	Hash-smoking duo took years to find the right film to work on It 's been 16 years since the two were connected by Tarantino 's "  True Romance " They now get along "  like a house on fire "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The United States almost provided one of football 's biggest upsets when they were narrowly beaten by Brazil in the final of the Confederations Cup in South Africa . The U.S. players cut dejected figures after their Confederations Cup final defeat to Brazil Goals from Clint Dempsey and captain Landon Donovan had given the U.S. a 2-0 lead at half-time , before Luis Fabiano struck twice after the break and Lucio headed home the winner six minutes before the final whistle to give Brazil the title . While the presence of the U.S. in the final reflects the significant progress made since the country hosted the World Cup in 1994 , it will undoubtedly raise expectation levels for the 2010 World Cup . Central to this is whether the current crop of players in coach Bob Bradley 's squad possess the credentials to make the next step and become serious challengers to the European and South American elite . World Soccer magazine columnist and U.S. Soccer expert Paul Gardner felt that while the exploits of the national team were impressive , the country is still some way short of fulfilling their potential on the world stage . "  The way the tournament went it really opened up for the U.S. and certainly the progress made is there for all to see , particularly in the victory over Spain who had been on an good run up until that point , " Gardner told CNN . "  Undoubtedly things have moved on a great deal since the World Cup was staged here in 1994 , but if you look at the bigger picture there is perhaps a slight sense of underachievement because of the huge resources available . "  In terms of organization , facilities and sheer participation numbers the U.S. has massive potential which has not quite yet been matched by what has happened at national level . " Does the Hispanic community hold the key for the future of U.S. football ? Sound Off here . Crucially Gardner believes that for the U.S. to shake the tag of nearly men there must be a stronger emphasis placed on tapping into the abundance of talent provided within the country 's Hispanic population . "  The experience that players have gained from playing in Europe has improved the players and Bob Bradley has molded a side which can hold it 's own against some of the bigger nations , " Gardner explained . "  But for the U.S. to become a real force then it must begin to tap into the quality of talent available in the Hispanic community which can be nurtured to take the game to the next level . "  The Major Soccer League has yet to really embrace this idea and I think that needs to change in the first instance to enable the development of players capable of winning matches at the very top . "  MLS side Houston Dynamo is a case in point . Something like 50 percent of their support is Hispanic , 90 percent of their youth talent is Hispanic but have only have a few Hispanic players in the team . "  And that extends to the national team . The composition of the side at the moment is very much the team that Bob Bradley and Bruce Arena built and they -- like a number of MLS coaches -- have gone for players they can trust and rely on . "  The Hispanic players have the game in their blood and their skill and technical levels need to be embraced rather than maybe having a dependence on players who fit a specific system . " For Gardner , at least , it seems that development of the Hispanic talent must therefore become a keystone policy for the U.S. Soccer Federation to put them into the bracket of serious World Cup contenders in years to come . But what of their chances at next year 's World Cup in South Africa ? He added : "  The U.S. should not get carried way with their performance at the Confederations Cup and the players should not look beyond getting past the group stages in South Africa . "  A good run in Japan and South Korea in 2002 was followed by elimination before the knockout phase in Germany 2006 so they need to be cautious . "  Winning the World Cup will probably be beyond the U.S. next year . Bradley will make them a difficult team to beat , and I do n't think anyone will get an easy game against them so it will be interesting to see how they do . "	U.S. national team have made progress since hosting the World Cup in 1994 Resources to develop the game in the U.S. are among the world 's best Expert Paul Gardner believes the country needs to tap into Hispanic talent
CNN  -- A China-EU summit ended Tuesday with promises for more support from Beijing for debt-straddled Europe , yet no concrete cash pledges to buy euro debt . It 's becoming a familiar scenario in the wake of the eurozone crisis . Indebted nations have made repeated entreaties to Chinese leaders for bail out help in the form of buying government debt bonds or direct investment . And , indeed , Beijing has pledged to help , and Chinese investment in European companies has skyrocketed . Still , Beijing bristles at accepting the "  white knight " role European leaders clearly hope China will play . In a joint press conference with European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and European Council President Herman Van Rompuy , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said , "  China is firm in supporting the EU side in dealing with the debt problems . We match our words with actions . " However , Wen added that it was up to debt-stricken nations -- such as Greece , which approved tough budget cuts ordered by the EU amid escalating violence in Athens -- and the EU to reduce its debt risks , echoing previous statements from China during the crisis . "  The debt crisis relies fundamentally on the efforts made by the EU itself , " Wen said . Why is EU seeking Chinese help ? Simply put , China has the money . For three decades Beijing has averaged double-digit annual growth . Even in the wake of the financial crisis , China 's economic output dipped to a low of 8.7 % in 2009 -- albeit buttressed by a $ 600 billion government stimulus package . China , thanks to its extraordinary trade build-up in the past three decades , has amassed the world 's largest bank of foreign currency reserves at nearly $ 3.2 trillion . Encouraging China to buy bonds for Greece or EU debt would not only help the nations , but would bolster market sentiment for purchasing the bonds , and could help bring down borrowing costs for Europe . Why is China reluctant to help ? On Monday , China central bank advisor Xia Bin was at a Beijing economics forum . When asked by reporters about investment in European debt he said : "  We may be poor , but we are n't stupid , " according to Reuters . "  We must follow commercial principles in making such investments . That means we want returns . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel , in a visit to China earlier this month , had lobbied China Investment Corp. , the state-owned $ 410 billion sovereign wealth fund , to invest in euro debt bonds . But CIC Chairman Lou Jiwei said Monday that the fund would n't invest in European government bonds . Yet in a speech Wednesday , Chinese central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said Beijing would continue to invest in European government debt . The Chinese public , however , is n't interested in playing the EU 's white knight . And China is facing a credit crisis of its own -- albeit writ small -- in a number of mid-tier cities such as Wenzhou as once red-hot property markets cool . In Chinese city , lenders outraged as bosses flee "  I think domestically it 's very difficult for them to make that type of commitment from a political point of view , " John Quelch , dean of the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai , told CNN . "  And to publicly do that when there is considerable need domestically would be very tough . " Why does the EU matter to Beijing ? The mixed messages from Beijing on helping the EU come after an International Monetary Fund report last week said fallout from the eurozone crisis could cut China 's growth rate in half in 2012 , underlying the importance of the EU market to China . According to figures released by Eurostat this week , China was the EU 's second biggest trading partner after the U.S. in the first 10 months of 2011 . Clearly , China 's financial fate is closely linked to the future of its trading partners . "  China has quietly behind the scenes been supporting the euro significantly in terms of shifting and rebalancing its foreign reserves , " Quelch said . Chinese companies are increasingly investing in Europe . According to A Capital 's Dragon Index , Europe was the top destination in 2011 for investment -- a total of $ 10.4 billion in 2011 , up from $ 4.1 billion the year before . Research from the China Europe International Business School suggests that within 10 years , China will invest $ 1 trillion in Europe -- but it will likely be more in the form of direct investment in companies rather than buying government debt , Quench said .	An EU-China summit ended with promises to help , but no cash pledge China has the world 's largest foreign cash reserves of about $ 3.2 trillion Domestically , there is little political support in China to rescue the eurozone China investment in European companies , however , has skyrocketed
Paris  CNN  -- Paris is home to tens of thousands of Africans who have added the tastes , sounds and look of home to the city 's cultural mix . The majority come from the Francophone North African countries of Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia , but there are also communities from Mali , Congo , Guinea , Senegal , Burkina Faso and across the continent . According to the 2009 census , the 1.9 million population of Paris includes 30,000 with Algerian nationality , 21,000 Moroccans , 15,000 Tunisians and 54,000 with other African nationalities . There are also many people who were born in Africa and now have French nationality , and French nationals with African-born parents . Many other Africans live in Paris without documentation and do not appear on official records . Watch video : African culture in "  City of Romance " Samira Fahim set up an Algerian bakery and caf  , called "  La Bague de Kenza , " in the 11th arrondissement , or district , 17 years ago . Today it is busy with African and European customers , but it took time to establish a taste for the Algerian pastries it specializes in . "  Even though we were many Algerians living in France , it was hard to find Algerian meals in Paris at that time because we did not have a lot of tourists coming to Algeria , " said Fahim . "  In those years , you could find plenty of Moroccan and Tunisian specialties because many tourists were going there on vacation and then coming back to France , but Algerian dishes were much harder to find . " Watch video : Algerian food with French twist Fahim had to adapt her recipes to appeal to home-sick Algerians , but also to French tastes . "  We do n't use too much sugar , " she said . "  That 's because we wanted to satisfy our European clients ' requests . In Algeria those kinds of pastries are way more sugary . "  We also make up new pastries . Many kids used to ask us if we had anything with chocolate so we made up new chocolate pastries . " Fahim also had to trust in her choice of location to see reward for her work . When she first opened , few people ventured down her street because it was unlit at night and many people told her the caf  could not survive . Today , it is a thriving neighborhood . Also on Inside Africa : Film shines light on Obama 's Kenyan sister Musician Djeli Moussa Conde is another bringing African culture to Paris . Conde , who came from Guinea nearly 20 years ago , lived his first four years in Paris without documentation . "  I arrived here with a visa that was quickly expired , " he said . "  For four years , I stayed undocumented . It was a very , very difficult situation . I tried to cope with this situation and I got by thanks to music . " Conde found much of his inspiration in the Menilmontant neighborhood he settled in . "  I 've always lived either in the 11th arrondissement , or in the 20th arrondissement , " he said . "  I 've always stayed in this area . This is an area where there is a lot of diversity , many different kind of music . "  When I say diversity I mean this mix of colors between Africans , Chinese , Japanese , Malians , Guineans , Senegalese , people from Burkina Faso ... you see we 're all here . "  The music is coming from here . We 're all mixing with each other . That 's why I chose this district . " Also on Inside Africa : Brazil 's thriving African culture Conde specializes in playing the kora , a harp-like instrument , and describes himself as a griot , a storyteller who keeps tradition going through generations . "  Everything I have shared I have shared it through a song , with lyrics , with music , " he said . "  It has always been like this . My father did it this way , my grandfather did it this way , my mum did it this way . " Thirza Vallois , an author and expert on Paris , showed CNN around the La Goutte d'Or neighborhood in 18th arrondissement , home to almost 200,000 African immigrants . She lamented the closure of Lavoir Moderne Parisien , a theater which for 25 years featured African musicians , some of whom went on to enjoy international success . "  It 's so sad , the end of a venture that went on for 25 years , " she said . "  This is the kind of place that Paris was flooded with . It would be the equivalent of off-Broadway for this community , " she said . She said the theater was closing because gentrification of the area had made it financially unsustainable and that its owner was leaving France with his family . Though as one institution passes , others always find ways to continue their culture in this city . "  As Africans , we are foreigners in this country , " said Conde . "  We always have to keep our own identity . Even though you mix with others , you will always keep your identity , you 'll always be an African and you must not forget where you come from . "	Tens of thousands of Africans have made Paris home Immigrants have transplanted African culture to Paris Samira Fahim has run an Algerian bakery for 17 years La Goutte d'Or neighborhood is a center for the African community
The scope and legality of the government 's warrantless electronic surveillance programs was discussed Tuesday as a federal appeals court reviewed a lower U.S. court 's injunction that would block collection of data from two plaintiffs who are suing Activist Larry Klayman , an attorney who heads the group "  Freedom Watch , " filed suit last year based on published reports of wrongdoing from whistleblower Edward Snowden . The former contractor with the National Security Agency accused authorities of misusing some of the capabilities he observed , and acting without a judicial or statutory basis . Klayman , using himself as an aggrieved party from the surveillance , used the lawsuit to accuse the government of conducting "  a secret and illegal government scheme to intercept and analyze vast quantities of domestic telephonic communications , " along with communications "  from the internet and electronic service providers . " Tuesday he said he has the standing to bring the suit as a customer of Verizon , one of the companies known to be cooperating with warrantless surveillance . But when the appeals panel asked him for documented proof he had been targeted , Klayman said only that the broad scope of the surveillance made it likely . The other plaintiff is Charles Strange , whose son Michael was an NSA cryptologist and Navy SEAL in Afghanistan in 2011 when he was killed in the downing of his helicopter by insurgents . The father told reporters he has been the target of secret intelligence gathering because he 's been asking questions about the circumstances surrounding his son 's death . Both men late last year won a preliminary injunction that would have barred the government from collecting data on them , and it ordered authorities to destroy any data already gathered . But the District Court judge immediately stayed his order pending the appeal that was heard Tuesday , because of "  significant national security interests " that could be affected . Justice Department attorney Thomas Byron , defending the government , asked the appeals court judges to reverse the injunction , saying a phone company 's business records are not protected by the Fourth Amendment against unreasonable searches . Byron said there was no documentation that any records gathered were "  intrusively acquired . " He said Congress passes laws to protect privacy , such as for hospital records and banking , and that the government 's surveillance is constrained by the provisions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , with activities judged by the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . Klayman responded by pointing out the government 's admission of as many as 2,000 errors in how NSA conducted warrantless surveillance . "  It 's false to say ` we do n't get into peoples ' underwear , ' " Klayman said , asserting the indiscriminate collection alone is an intrusion he considers unconstitutional . After the hearing , Klayman told reporters on the courthouse steps that he expects a ruling early next year , and that he expects the case to go the Supreme Court . He called warrantless surveillance by the government a case of monumental importance . "  Just the inception of acquiring that information -- they 're not entitled to it -- without any showing of probable cause , or reasonable suspicion of contact with terrorists , that 's the problem . And that 's a constitutional violation under our Fourth Amendment and our First Amendment . " Klayman acknowledged in court he 's been a controversial figure over the years . A judge asked him if he feels he is being personally targeted . "  I 'd be surprised if I 'm not , " he replied . Among his recent lawsuits is one filed in October accusing the Obama administration of supporting terrorism because of what he considers "  reckless and grossly negligent " handling of the Ebola crisis . Klayman , in that lawsuit , said the lack of travel restrictions from areas affected by the Ebola crisis provides an opportunity for terrorists to use the disease for germ warfare .	Justice Department says safeguards ensure compliance with the law Case descended from revelations by whistleblower Edward Snowden One plaintiff has also sued the government for handling of the Ebola crisis
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's top adviser insisted Sunday that Obama 's economic plan would be big enough to handle the country 's financial challenges , but he declined to speculate about how large the plan would need to be . Senior adviser David Axelrod says it will take the "  best people we can find " to carry out Obama 's economic plan . During the presidential campaign , Obama proposed a $ 175 billion stimulus package over a two-year period , but some of his economic advisers have said recently that the package would need to be much larger . Asked if Obama would scale up the package , given the economic conditions , Obama 's incoming senior adviser , David Axelrod , said he thinks Obama is "  going to do what 's necessary . " "  I 'm not going to throw a figure out here . What he said is , he wants a plan big enough to deal with the large challenges we face . And I think there 's a growing consensus across the spectrum among economists that we 're going to have to do something big , " Axelrod said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " Obama on Saturday offered an outline of his economic recovery plan to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 , saying American workers will rebuild the nation 's roads and bridges , modernize its schools and create more sources of alternative energy . Details of the plan are still being worked out by his economic team , Obama said , but he hopes to sign the two-year , nationwide plan shortly after taking office January 20 . Obama noted he will need support from both Democrats and Republicans to pass such a plan , and said he welcomes suggestions from both sides of the aisle . "  But what is not negotiable is the need for immediate action , " he said Saturday . Axelrod said it will take "  the best people we can find , the best minds in our country " to carry out Obama 's economic plan . In an interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " he said New York Federal Reserve President Tim Geithner and former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers are among the those people . Summers , who lost out to Geithner for the Treasury post , is expected to be the top economic adviser in the Obama White House , two sources close to the transition said Saturday . Summers , who was Treasury secretary in the Clinton administration , will be named chief of the National Economic Council by Obama at an event in Chicago , Illinois , on Monday , the sources said . Geithner 's nomination to be Treasury secretary , the top economic post in the Cabinet , will also be officially announced at Monday 's event , the sources said . Axelrod , on ABC , referred to Geithner 's "  pending appointment . " Watch panelists weigh in on possible Cabinet choices " In another Cabinet decision , two Democrats close to the transition told CNN that New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson is expected to be nominated as secretary of commerce , pending the final vetting process . Richardson , one of the leading Hispanics in the Democratic Party , had been seeking the secretary of state post but lost out to Sen. Hillary Clinton . Obama aides have told CNN that Obama is "  on track " to nominate Clinton as his secretary of state after Thanksgiving . The precise timing of the announcement of Richardson 's appointment is unclear . Two Richardson advisers said privately that Richardson had been hoping the State Department leadership post would be his prize after facing political heat for picking Obama over Clinton , but the governor is willing to accept another post in hopes that he will move up in the Cabinet later in the administration . Richardson was energy secretary and U.S. ambassador to the United Nations in Bill Clinton 's administration . Obama 's pick will now mean that at least three former rivals from the Democratic presidential primaries will be in senior posts in the Obama administration : Richardson , Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden . The Obama transition team on Saturday also announced several key appointments to his communications team . Ellen Moran , the executive director of EMILY 's List , will be Obama 's communications director . Moran worked for the AFL-CIO , coordinating "  Wal-Mart corporate accountability activities , " before returning to EMILY 's , an organization dedicated to helping Democratic women get elected to office . Robert Gibbs , an Obama campaign spokesman who also has been spokesman for the transition , will become Obama 's press secretary -- one of the most highly visible roles in the administration . Gibbs -- an Auburn , Alabama , native who has worked for Sen. Fritz Hollings , the Democratic Senatorial Committee and Sen. John Kerry 's presidential campaign -- was communications director , then a senior strategist , for the Obama campaign . Dan Pfeiffer , current communications director with the transition team , will be Obama 's deputy communications director . He began work with the Obama campaign in January 2007 as traveling press secretary before returning to Chicago to work as communications director . "  These individuals will fill essential roles , and bring a breadth and depth of experience that can help our administration advance prosperity and security for the American people , " Obama said in a written statement . "  This dedicated and impressive group of public servants includes longtime advisors and a talented new addition to our team , and together we will work to serve our country and meet the challenges of this defining moment in history . " CNN White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Bill Richardson expected to become commerce secretary , sources say Growing consensus : "  We 're going to have to do something big , " Axelrod says Sources : Larry Summers to be named top Obama economic adviser Obama announces plans to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011
CNN  -- A first-class return ticket from New York to Hong Kong for $ 43 and four air miles sounds too good to be true . And when Brian Kelly purchased such a fare -- which usually costs about $ 11,000 -- using United 's online ticketing system last week , he knew that 's exactly what it was . But he also knew from first-hand experience that "  error fares " -- rock-bottom fares mistakenly issued by carriers -- can sometimes be recognized as good for travel by airlines . Having booked two fares at rock-bottom prices on the site , Kelly , who runs an advice website for frequent flyers called The Points Guy , alerted his readers to the "  amazing deal " on his website , encouraging them to take advantage of the offer before United corrected the glitch -- then waited to see if the ticket would be honored . "  Everyone knew this was a mistake -- a huge one . One of the biggest I 've seen an airline make , " he said . Airlines regularly make errors resulting in mispriced fares being issued , sometimes honoring them but often not . "  I 've been on a lot of crazy mistake fares in the past that did work out , the airlines did honor them , " said Kelly , who recounts how he recently flew round trips from New York to Stockholm and Copenhagen on three consecutive weekends for $ 138 a trip . See also : ` Hidden ' airline charges just dirty tricks ? Kelly said he was optimistic that although the fares were clearly issued in error , United would be required to honor the tickets following a recent ruling on "  mistake fares " by the U.S. Department of Transportation . The rule means that a purchase occurs once the customer pays the full amount -- and that once the purchase is confirmed , whether through an email or credit card transaction or other means , "  then the seller of air transportation can not increase the price of that air transportation to that consumer , even when the fare is a ` mistake . ' " Kelly had received a confirmation email from the airline , suggesting the fare should be valid under the new rules . But United contacted him and others to tell them that the incorrect fares had been issued due to a "  programming error . " Customers who wished to retain the fares would be charged the full amount , or could cancel the purchase and have any fees waived . United spokesman Rahsaan Johnson said it would have been clear that the fare was a mistake as the correct amount was displayed on the same screen . On website Flyertalk , United said the fact that the correct price was displayed was a "  unique circumstance " unlike "  other widely reported ` mistake fares . ' " However , for customers who had already begun their travel by the time the glitch was detected , the airline would honor their return fares . The airline would not say how many people booked flights for the incorrect price , or how many actually managed to travel on the cheap fares by commencing their travel before United took action . Kelly said although he "  would have liked the airline to have honored " the fare , he was n't going to lose any sleep over missing out . But he said it would have provided a good test case for the Department of Transportation . See also : Fliers pay more for window seats Department of Transportation spokesman Bill Mosley said the department had received 150 complaints from customers who had bought the "  error fares " and was still determining whether United had violated the rules . "  If we find a carrier violates our rules , we can issue fines and cease-and-desist orders , " he said . Airline responses to pricing mistakes are unpredictable . In 2010 , American Airlines refused to honor first-class return tickets from the U.S. to Australia , worth up to $ 20,000 , it had sold for the coach price of $ 1,100 . But it offered $ 200 vouchers as compensation . The previous year British Airways also failed to accept $ 40 flights to India , offering $ 300 vouchers instead . But in 2008 Swiss International honored some $ 0 flights booked between Toronto and destinations in Europe and India , while refusing others . Kelly polled his site users and asked them if they thought taking advantage of such mistakes was unethical . While about a quarter thought those who booked the tickets were "  bottom feeders trying to ruin a poor airline , " he said , the majority was comfortable with opportunistically capitalizing on the mistakes of airlines . What do you think ? Would you knowingly book an "  error fare " with an airline ? Or is doing so unethical ? Let us know in the comments section below .	A glitch in United 's ticketing system made for cheap air fares last week United said it would not honor the fares , except for passengers who had already departed New rules say airlines must honor fares issued in error , once paid for
CNN  -- Cruising a luxurious superyacht with your own custom-built limousine onboard , ready for offshore jaunts , sounds like an experience fit only for royalty . Likewise , lounging in your very own salon designed by one of the biggest fashion houses in the world could perhaps come with a lifestyle limited to supermodels . But it need not be just for kings and queens or even leading fashionistas . The Sovereign superyacht can be anyone 's , that is , if they have around $ 132m to spare . Sovereign is the brainchild of Gray Design who insist the finer details of the superyacht would please monarchs around the world . Gray Design specializes in high-end , luxury yachts that often incorporate designer cars . Sovereign is no exception with its sleek lines inspired by a limousine . "  We thought about a typical person on board one of these yachts and asked : how do they travel on land ? Well limousine , " says Gray Design CEO Eduard Gray . "  It 's a very unique concept in the yacht world . " The matching custom-built car is an added extra , but regardless if the new owner requests one or not , there will be space on the yacht for a garage to store their wheels whilst they are at sea . If the owner 's car are left at home , the garage becomes an ideal area to store all the boat 's toys such as jet skis . Designers say production will start in the coming months . "  The plans are so advanced that ship builders can bring production by the end of the year , " says Gray . "  It 's not conceptual anymore ; it 's gone into the engineering stage . " The design team is now in talks with potential owners about special modifications to suit their tastes , including working with fashion house Armani to fit out the interiors . Discussions are also underway to install a patch of grass out the back as a makeshift golfing green that can also be used for a play area for the potential owner 's dog . At the back end of the yacht , is a circular infinity pool that surrounds a reinforced glass helipad . The latter also acts as a skylight for the room below . There 's space for ten guest suites , in addition to the owner 's quarters , as well as a cinema , gym , nightclub and library . But the Sovereign is not simply designed for luxury , she can reach speeds of up to 30 knots . "  It 's the most high performance 100 meter yacht ever , " says Gray .	Sovereign comes with its own custom-built limousine for offshore trips Designers hope to start production in the coming months The design team is in talks with fashion house Armani to fit out the interiors
CNN  -- Democrats have usually conceded the evangelical vote during presidential elections , but Sen. Barack Obama is trying to change that by mobilizing what some call the "  Christian left . " Sen. Barack Obama is expected to talk about faith-based initiatives during a campaign stop in Ohio on Tuesday . As part of his outreach to evangelical voters , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee will tour the Eastside Community Ministry in Zanesville , Ohio , on Tuesday and give an address on how he plans to builda "  real " partnership between faith-based organizations and the White House if he becomes president . Obama 's outreach to evangelical voters has also included private summits with pastors , an effort to reach out to young evangelicals and a fundraiser with the Matthew 25 political action committee . It describes itself as a group of moderate evangelicals , Catholics and Protestants committed to electing the Illinois Democrat president . Matthew 25 's name is inspired by a biblical passage , in the 25th chapter of the Gospel of Matthew , in which Jesus says , "  For I was hungry and you gave me food , I was thirsty and you gave me drink . " The name is meant to signal the group 's focus on social justice concerns about hot-button cultural issues . Brian McLaren , a former pastor who spent 24 years in the pulpit and is now an informal adviser to the Obama campaign , believes that a significant portion of evangelical voters are ready to break from their traditional home in the the Republican Party and take a new leap of faith with Obama . "  I think there 's a very , very sizable percentage -- I think between a third and half -- of evangelicals , especially younger -LSB- evangelicals -RSB- , who are very open to somebody with a new vision , " McLaren said . Watch how young evangelicals are entering politics " That new vision , he said , is n't focused on traditional social issues like abortion and gay marriage but more on efforts to end global warming and the war in Iraq . "  We 've watched the evangelical community be led -- be misled -- by the Republican Party to support things they really should n't have supported , " McLaren said , including "  the blind support for the Iraq war when it was launched on either mistaken or false pretenses . " Unlike previous presidential elections , when the religious right 's criticism of Democratic presidential candidates went largely unchallenged , Obama 's evangelical supporters rallied around the Democrat when Christian conservative James Dobson accused him of "  deliberately distorting the traditional understanding of the Bible . " Pastor Kirbyjon Caldwell , the Texas minister who officiated at first daughter Jenna Bush 's wedding , and "  a coalition of pastors and other Christians ... who are standing up for our Christian faith and supporting Barack Obama " created a Web site called "  James Dobson Does n't Speak For Me " that attempts to refute Dobson 's claims with quotes from Obama . "  The Apostle John speaks for me in reminding us of Jesus ' command to love one another . The world will know His disciples by that love , " a statement on the site says . "  These words speak for me . But when James Dobson attacks Barack Obama , James Dobson does n't speak for me . " Recent polling suggests , however , that a majority of white evangelical voters are still backing Sen. John McCain , though enthusiasm for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee among evangelicals is less than what it was for President Bush in 2004 . Watch McCain fight for the evangelical vote " In a CNN poll conducted by Opinion Research Corporation on June 4-5 , nearly two-thirds of white evangelical voters surveyed , 64 percent , supported McCain , and 30 percent backed Obama . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 6.5 percentage points . In comparison , Bush received the support of 78 percent of evangelical voters in the 2004 election , according to exit polls . Despite the lower enthusiasm for McCain among rank-and-file evangelicals , leaders of the Christian right movement have already attacked Obama for his social views . In one instance , Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , posted a video on YouTube that challenged Obama 's position on abortion . "  Talking about faith issues is not about singing ` Kum Ba Yah , ' " said Charmaine Yoest of the Family Research Council , another conservative evangelical group . "  It 's about the public policies the person is going to put in place . " But some leaders of the religious right who worked hard to get Bush into the White House have been underwhelmed by the outreach from the McCain campaign and are less likely to fight for McCain as they did for Bush . For example , in spring 2004 , Michael Farris and his organization , Generation Joshua , were heavily involved in the planning for a fall effort to drive evangelical voters to the polls to re-elect Bush . But Harris and his organization had yet to be contacted by the Republican National Committee or McCain 's campaign as of mid-June and did not plan any efforts in key swing states as they did in 2004 . "  We do n't feel invested in his candidacy , " Farris said , "  and he clearly does n't feel invested in us . " Farris is not alone among evangelical leaders about his uneasiness with McCain . "  The evangelical community seems to be sitting on the fence to a particular degree , " said Jacques Berlinerblau , a professor at Georgetown University . And that could give Obama an opportunity , he said . "  If Sen. Obama can get between 30 and 33 percent -LSB- of the evangelical vote -RSB- in those crucial swing states , he 's absolutely golden , " Berlinerblau said . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Obama 's outreach to evangelicals focuses on social justice , ending Iraq war Senator to talk about building partnership between faith-based groups , White House Most evangelicals support Sen. McCain , but support is below what Bush received Evangelical community "  seems to be sitting on the fence , " professor says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ryan Seacrest became the latest celebrity targeted by a "  swatter " when a hoax 911 call reported armed men were shooting their way into the "  American Idol " host 's home Wednesday . When police arrived at Seacrest 's Beverly Hills home at about 2:40 p.m. , they found Seacrest there , but no group of armed men , a Beverly Hills police spokesman said . After speaking with Seacrest and his security team , the officers left . Seacrest joins a growing list of celebs "  swatted " in recent months , including Rihanna , Justin Timberlake , Miley Cyrus , Chris Brown , the Kardashians , Tom Cruise , Ashton Kutcher and Justin Bieber . Russell Brand 's Hollywood Hills home was a target Monday afternoon when a 911 caller told a Los Angeles Police Department emergency dispatcher that a man with a gun was in the house . These prank calls earned the nickname "  swatting " because law enforcement agencies sometimes would send SWAT teams to respond to the false emergencies . In most cases , though , SWAT units are not involved . Still , officers rush to the scene with guns drawn . "  It 's a very high-risk response , " Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore told CNN Tuesday . "  The problem with crying wolf is that sometimes it 's not false , so we always have to respond accordingly but cautiously . " Law enforcement agencies are "  making advances each day " in their ability to track the calls to their origin , Whitmore said . Along with new technology , investigators have analyzed the calls to learn how to identify them . "  We 're getting better at knowing what is and what is n't a hoax , " he said . When Rihanna 's Hollywood Hills home was swatted last week , the dispatcher suspected it was a hoax , so just one police patrol car was initially sent , LAPD Cmdr. Andrew Smith said . "  We figured it was a swatting , " Smith said "  We really low-keyed it compared to how we 've been . " LAPD officers are being trained on "  what to be aware of and the possibility these are swatting calls , " Smith said . "  We 're training dispatchers to be able to recognize certain distinct characteristic of these calls and maybe change the way we dispatch them so they do n't draw as high a profile response . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Seacrest joins a growing list of celebs "  swatted " in recent months Russell Brand , Rihanna , Tom Cruise are recent "  swatting " targets "  Swatting " is a hoax 911 call that sends police rushing to the scene Los Angeles police are training to identify the prank calls
RealSimple.com  -- Statistics say you 'll catch two to four colds this winter . Here 's help to stave them off . Sleep How it helps : Sleep regulates the release of the hormone cortisol , which stimulates cells that boost the immune system , says Dr. William Ellert , chief medical officer of the Phoenix Baptist Hospital . And a well-tuned immune system is crucial for defending against the cold virus . Getting at least seven hours of shut-eye is the easiest way to steer clear of the common cold . In fact , a recent study indicates that people who fall short are nearly three times as likely to catch a cold . To make bedtime even more healthful , try using a protective pillow cover , which can help prevent a stuffy , runny nose . Good to know : If you have trouble falling asleep , try a mind-calming exercise . For instance : "  Go over everything you did during the day , but do it in reverse order , " says C. Evers Whyte , director of the Center for Health Renewal , in Stamford , Connecticut . RealSimple.com : 6 doctor-recommended sleep aids Exercise How it helps : Research has shown that moderate exercise -- 30 to 90 minutes most days of the week -- increases immune function and reduces your chances of catching a cold . Key word : moderate . Prolonged high-intensity exercise can actually make you more susceptible to sickness , according to research from Appalachian State University , in Boone , North Carolina . Good to know : Do n't swear off workouts if you do get a simple head cold . A 2009 study at the University of Illinois found that moderate exercise can also help you recover from a cold more quickly than normal . RealSimple.com : Cold and flu prevention A hot -- and cold -- shower How it helps : Temperature fluctuations jump-start your immune system , says Donielle Wilson , a naturopathic doctor in New York City . At the end of a shower , stand under the hottest stream you can take for 30 seconds , then turn the temperature to cold for 10 seconds . Repeat three times , finishing with cold . Good to know : A steamy shower helps keep nasal passages clear and can prevent cold-causing bugs from taking up residence in your nose . RealSimple.com : What causes a cold or the flu ? Oysters How they help : These mollusks contain more of the mineral zinc than any other food , and zinc has been proven to support and enhance the immune system . Eating just a single oyster will give you a whopping 13 milligrams of zinc . That said , since it may be difficult to work them into your diet regularly  oyster sandwich for lunch ?  , look to zinc-fortified breakfast cereals , baked beans , and pumpkin seeds to help you get the recommended eight milligrams a day . Good to know : Zinc is also effective when taken at the first signs of a cold . Oral lozenges that contain the mineral , like those made by Cold-Eeze and Zicam , have been shown to decrease the duration of colds . Vitamin D How it helps : According to a 2009 study published in the Archives of Internal Medicine , people with low levels of this vitamin , which helps to regulate the immune system , are more susceptible to catching colds .  The vitamin has also been shown to increase calcium absorption and reduce inflammation . Multivitamins typically contain 400 international units  IU  of vitamin D , which falls within the current recommended daily allowance  RDA  of 200 to 600 IU . However , experts now suggest taking a 1,000-IU supplement on top of a multivitamin , as strong evidence indicates that the current RDA is too low . Good to know : If you drink a lot of milk ; frequently eat fatty fish , like salmon ; or live in a sunny climate , you are probably getting an adequate amount , says Ellert , since these all increase your body 's stores of vitamin D. RealSimple.com : The Vitamin D debate Nasal Rinse How it helps : Neti pots and irrigators cleanse the nasal passages with a saltwater solution . "  A daily saline rinse helps sweep bacteria , viruses , and irritants from the respiratory tract , " says Ellert . With a classic neti pot , the solution is poured into one nostril , travels into the sinuses , then drains from the other nostril . Today a battery-powered irrigator can be easier and more comfortable to use  try the Waterpik Water Pulsator ; $ 40 , waterpiksinusense.com  . A saline nasal spray , like Simply Saline  $ 6 , drugstore.com  , offers similar benefits . Good to know : Clean your irrigator or neti pot with soap and water after every use . "  Without good hygiene , these can be vehicles for transmitting viruses and bacteria from person to person , " says Ellert . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In order to avoid catching a cold , get plenty of sleep and moderate exercise Eating oysters for their zinc and taking a Vitamin D supplement can fend off the cold A saline rinse helps remove bacteria , viruses , and irritants from the respiratory tract
CNN  -- Voters in Iceland on Saturday appear poised to reject a deal to pay billions of dollars to the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , which helped savers who were their own nationals who 'd lost money in a failed Icelandic Internet bank . According to preliminary results , about 93 percent of voters rejected the deal , which would pay the United Kingdom and the Netherlands more than $ 5 billion for bailing out people who lost money in Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki . That Icelandic bank failed in October 2008 , along with two other banks . Under a European Union directive , Iceland now owes compensation to Britain and the Netherlands . The Icelandic government has said it will honor its international obligations . Only 1.6 percent of the 74,000 ballots tallied so far were in favor of the deal , the country 's foreign ministry said Saturday . Another 5.2 percent of the votes were empty ballots , the ministry said . About 200,000 people were registered to vote , it said . Iceland 's parliament passed a bill authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the funds , but President Olafur Ragnar Grmsson declined to sign it in January . He cited public disapproval , and in particular , an Internet petition signed by up to one-quarter of the electorate , as a reason for not signing the bill . He said there needed to be a national consensus in addressing the issue . That prompted Saturday 's national referendum on the law . The Icelandic public widely disapproved of the deal , the government said in a fact sheet on the deal . "  There is widespread frustration over the claim on ordinary citizens in Iceland to pay the price for the irresponsible behavior of reckless bankers , " it said . Magnus Arni Skulason , who campaigned against the bill , called the terms of the loan repayment unacceptable . "  Of course we feel empathy for those people that lost money , " he said . "  We just want to get a more reasonable agreement , " he told CNN . "  There are sovereign issues that ... would not be acceptable to any country , " he said . "  Also there is a staggering interest rate ... equal to running the national health care system for six months here in Iceland . " He called the collapse of the Icelandic banks during the world financial crisis of 2008-09 a "  shared responsibility of Iceland , the UK and the Netherlands , " blaming "  financial regulators " in the countries . It is not clear what will happen if voters say no to the loan guarantees . The Icelandic government said it has "  clearly stated its intention to honor its international obligations and remains fully committed to implementing the bilateral loan agreements with the UK and the Netherlands ... " The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $ 2.1 billion in November , and said repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments was a requirement of the loan . Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos told CNN in January that nonrepayment of the funds would affect "  the long-term interest of the Iceland economy and the Iceland people . " Britain 's Treasury expects Iceland to live up to its obligations , it said in a statement in January . Iceland has begun moves toward applying for European Union membership , which Britain and the Netherlands could block . Britain spent 2.3 billion pounds  $ 3.69 billion  last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed . The Dutch government spent 1.3 billion euros  $ 1.87 billion  to cover bank losses in the country . The government of Iceland has for the past three weeks been engaged in a dialogue with the governments of the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , hoping for a resolution , Iceland 's foreign ministry said Friday . Iceland called the talks "  constructive , " adding that "  Iceland is confident that a mutually acceptable solution can be reached ... . and is hopeful that discussions will resume as early as next week . " Despite his refusal to sign the bill , Grmsson told CNN in January that "  Iceland recognizes its obligations under this agreement . " Resolving the issue , he added , "  is a key to our recovery and our harmonious relations with these countries . " The law on which Icelanders voted Saturday would compensate Britain and the Netherlands by 2024 . A simple majority is needed for the bill to pass . About 300,000 people live in Iceland .	NEW : According to preliminary results , about 93 percent of voters rejected the deal UK , Dutch governments bailed out savers hit by the collapse of Icelandic banks Under an EU directive , Iceland owes compensation to the UK , the Netherlands Some Icelanders say that the current repayment terms are unacceptable
Its all change for the world 's top sporting event -- the Olympic Games . The International Olympic Committee  IOC  has made 40 new recommendations in an attempt to make hosting the Games more affordable . The 2014 Winter Games cost Russia an estimated $ 50 billion and IOC members believe such an exorbitant cost has put off potential future bidders . In September , Norway withdrew its candidature to host the 2022 Winter Olympics , while Stockholm , Krakow and Lviv also pulled out of the running . That left just two cities -- Beijing in China and Kazakhstan 's Almaty -- vying to host the 2022 Games . "  We have to look into the future and try to address the challenges which may arise in the future and the challenges we have already now , " International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach told reporters . "  We want to show with this procedure that the IOC is opening up , that we are opening a window and we want to have fresh wind coming in , " According to the new reforms announced on Tuesday , bidding costs will be reduced while there will also be a "  significant financial contribution from the IOC . " The new rules will permit the organization of events outside of the host city , as at London 2012 , while in exceptional circumstances , even taken outside the host country . The IOC has also announced that it will include the non-discrimination on sexual orientation in the Olympic charter following the controversy surrounding the Sochi Games and Russia 's political laws on homosexuality . "  Over the past year many people have asked me why there is a desire to make changes . After all , they say , the Olympic Games , the IOC , and the Olympic Movement have enjoyed many successes and we are in a very good position , " said President Bach . "  My answer is that we are now in the position to drive change ourselves rather than being driven . "  We have to take leadership with Olympic Agenda 2020 . We have the opportunity , and we must seize the moment -- now is the time for change . " Also amongst the recommendations are plans to cap the number of athletes and coaches while the IOC wants women to make up 50 % of those competing . A vote on the IOC 's proposals will be held at a meeting in Monaco on 8 and 9 December . Bach has also confirmed that sports will not have to wait seven years to be approved for a place at the Olympics , insisting the IOC can propose new events . "  Now the door is open  for sports  . The IOC by itself can also take a decision that we are adding this or that event , " Bach said . "  It only has to happen before the city is elected so that candidates know what they have to deal with . Any changes after can happen in agreement with the host city . " The Tokyo Games , which will be held in 2020 , is pushing for the inclusion of baseball and softball following their exclusion from the 2008 . The next Winter Games takes place in Pyeongchang , South Korea , in 2018 , while Rio de Janeiro will host the Summer Olympics in two years time .	International Olympic Committee reveals new plans New incentives for countries hoping to bid for Games Non-discrimination on sexual orientation to be included in charter IOC to vote on new reforms on December 8 and 9
CNN  Go , go , Gadget reboot ! "  Inspector Gadget " is one of five kids ' shows on tap for streaming giant Netflix , the company said in a release Wednesday . A remake of the super-popular '80s animated series is coming to the U.S. as part of the company 's strategy to attract younger viewers . "  It 's one of those shows where we 're able to hit a few different audiences , " said Erik Barmack , the company 's VP of global independent content . "  We think that kids are going to love the show ... but it 's also going to get some co-viewing because there is a generation of parents who grew up on the original . " "  Gadget " inspired a live-action movie starring Matthew Broderick in 1999 . The new show promises an updated Gadget , with technological advances . And the accident-prone mechanical detective is not the only one being revived . Netflix has also ordered a revamp of the cartoon "  Danger Mouse , " about a secret agent rodent . The 26 episodes of "  Inspector Gadget " will premiere in the U.S. in March .	Netflix is bringing back the '80s cartoon "  Inspector Gadget " The episodes will premiere in the U.S. in March
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama received key endorsements Friday from a top former Clinton administration official and two former Democratic senators . Robert Reich , a former Labor Secretary under President Clinton , endorsed Sen. Obama Friday . Robert Reich , a former Clinton cabinet member and longtime friend of the former president , formally endorsed Obama 's White House bid , saying that "  my conscience wo n't let me be silent any longer . " "  Although Hillary Clinton has offered solid and sensible policy proposals , Obama 's strike me as even more so , " Reich wrote on his blog . He served as the Secretary of Labor from 1993-1997 and is currently a professor at Brandeis University . "  His plans for reforming Social Security and health care have a better chance of succeeding , " Reich continued . "  His approaches to the housing crisis and the failures of our financial markets are sounder than hers ... He has put forward the more enlightened foreign policy and the more thoughtful plan for controlling global warming . " Reich , whose relationship with the Clintons dates back to their law school days at Yale , has long been a critic of the New York senator 's White House bid . Shortly before the Iowa caucuses in January , he wrote that voters would have a choice "  between someone who talks the talk , and somebody who 's walked the walk . " "  I do n't get it , " he wrote then . "  If there 's anyone in the race whose history shows unique courage and character , it 's Barack Obama . HRC 's -LSB- Hillary Rodham Clinton 's -RSB- campaign , by contrast , is singularly lacking in conviction about anything . " Reich also criticized Bill Clinton earlier in the year over the former president 's sharp attacks on Obama in South Carolina . "  Bill Clinton 's ill-tempered and ill-founded attacks on Barack Obama are doing no credit to the former president , his legacy , or his wife 's campaign , " he wrote in January . "  Nor are they helping the Democratic Party . " Asked to respond to Reich 's endorsement , Clinton spokesman Mo Eleithee said , "  Did n't he endorse him last year ? " Reich is the latest former Clinton administration official to announce his support for Obama . Last month , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , who held several positions under Bill Clinton , also came out in support of the Illinois senator . Clinton supporter and CNN political analyst James Carville later called that an "  act of betrayal . " Meanwhile , the Obama campaign announced that former Sens. Sam Nunn of Georgia and David Boren of Oklahoma endorsed the Illinois senator , and agreed to serve on the campaign 's national security policy team . Nunn served 25 years in the Senate and was chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee from 1987 to 1995 . He said Obama is "  our best choice to lead the nation . " "  I believe that he will bring to the White House , high principles , clear vision and sound judgment , " he added . Boren -- who served in the Senate from 1979 to 1994 and is the longest-serving Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence -- was one of Bill Clinton 's top choices to replace Les Aspes in 1994 as U.S. Secretary of Defense . He said Obama is a person of "  sound and good judgement . " Obama responded to the endorsements in a statement , saying the two "  will be important sources of advice and counsel for our campaign in the months ahead . " Watch more from the campaign trail " The endorsements come just four days before Pennsylvania 's April 22 primary . At stake : 158 delegates . Also on Friday , Clinton accused Obama of "  complaining " about Wednesday night 's debate in Pennsylvania and hinted her rival might not be equipped to handle the rigors of the Oval Office . Watch more from Wednesday 's debate " Obama said Thursday that Clinton was "  in her element " at the debate , telling a North Carolina crowd she "  took every opportunity to get a dig in . " "  That 's her right to kind of twist the knife in a little bit , " he said , before adding that he understands why she 's using what he calls the tactics of the GOP . Watch more of Obama 's comments " Clinton told an interviewer Friday morning on WTXF in Philadelphia that "  being asked tough questions in a debate is nothing like the pressures you face inside the White House . " "  When the going gets tough you ca n't run away , " she said of Obama . Meanwhile , Obama faced more criticism Friday -- this time from Sen. John McCain . McCain 's campaign is crying foul over what it characterizes as repeated distortions from Obama . The most recent dustup comes after Obama criticized McCain earlier Friday for comments the Arizona senator made in an interview on Bloomberg Television . "  John McCain went on television and said that there has been quote ` great progress economically over the last seven and a half years , ' " Obama told a Pennsylvania crowd . "  John McCain thinks our economy has made great progress under George W. Bush . Now , how could somebody who has been traveling across this country , somebody who came to Erie , Pennsylvania , say we 've made great progress ? " The McCain campaign immediately took issue with the comment , noting the Arizona senator also said he knows families are facing "  tremendous economic challenges . " "  American families are hurting and Barack Obama is being recklessly dishonest , " McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said . The McCain campaign has long argued Obama has a habit of twisting McCain 's words . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney , Rebecca Sinderbrand , Ed Hornick , Peter Hamby and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Sen. Obama receives endorsement of former Clinton official Robert Reich Reich : "  My conscience wo n't let me be silent any longer " Ex-Sens . Sam Nunn and David Boren also endorse the Illinois senator Clinton lashes out at Obama ; McCain campaign calls Obama "  recklessly dishonest "
Conakry , Guinea  CNN  -- Guinea once again has postponed the second round of voting in its presidential election , the new head of the West African country 's National Independent Electoral Commission announced Friday . Gen. Siaka Toumani Toure , the Malian general who replaced controversial commission chief Louseny Camara on Tuesday , said it "  is not possible " to hold the run-off vote between the two candidates , Cellou Dalein Diallo and Alpha Conde , on Sunday as planned . No new date was set for the next round of voting . The ballot was initially scheduled to be held two weeks after the first round voting , which occurred June 27 . Diallo won 44 percent and Conde 18 percent . The second round already had been postponed three times because of technical problems , mismanagement and internal disputes . Camara had been accused by Diallo 's UFDG party of supporting Conde and stealing ballots from a populous Conakry suburb where Camara served as poll administrator . Camara has denied the accusations , but on Thursday he was sentenced to a year in prison and fined 2,000,000 Guinean francs  about $ 300  by Conakry courts for fraud in the first round . "  We have no comment yet about the new delay , " said Moustapha Naite , a spokesman for Alpha Conde 's RPG party . And Oury Bah , the vice president of UFDG , said , "  We agree with the new delay because there are many problems to fix . " Experts are worried that the delay might spark renewed violence , which could threaten the democratic transition . Both sides have blamed the other for attacking its activists . Bah said that renewed violence between supporters of Conde and Diallo after a UFDG rally on Thursday in Conakry killed one UFDG supporter and injured some 30 more . "  Yesterday our supporters were attacked by elements of RPG . ... One is now in a coma and another died this morning , " Bah said . Naite denied this claim and said RPG supporters were the victims of poisoned water sold at a rally for Conde in Conakry on Friday . "  Today all we can say is that at our meeting we have over 60 people laying in the hospital because of poisoned water that they sold at the Palais du Peuple , " Naite said , referring to Friday 's gathering place for RPG supporters . Two people were killed Tuesday in clashes between police and supporters of UFDG , who were demanding the replacement of Camara as the electoral commission head . Bah saw Tuesday 's violence as evidence that parts of the government are biased against UFDG . "  The security forces are not neutral , " he said . Prime Minister Jean-Marie Dore "  and his minister of security do not want elections . " Guinea has been ruled by a military junta since a coup after the death of longtime autocrat Lansana Conte in December 2008 .	Guinea delays presidential run-off for fourth time No new date has been set The head of Guinea 's electoral commission was replaced this week Deadly clashes occurred this week between supporters of rival candidates
Moscow  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people took to the streets Saturday in Moscow , braving bitterly cold weather to demand fair elections after what they claim were rigged results earlier this month that returned Vladimir Putin 's party to power . The protest , organized primarily through social media and word of mouth , comes on the heels of an announcement by President Dmitry Medvedev of sweeping political reforms , an effort to address discontent following the December 4 parliamentary elections . The latest mass protest follows one earlier this month , when tens of thousands of people across Russia turned out to protest the election results that kept Putin 's ruling United Russia party in power , albeit with a smaller majority . Police estimated crowds in Moscow at 25,000 , while organizers said at least twice as many participated . The protests were considered -- among analysts and political observers -- the largest in Russia in the past two decades . Turnout at Saturday 's protests was even greater , organizers said . Besides blasting election results , demonstrators spoke about the presidential vote scheduled next year , repeating a popular refrain : "  Russia without Putin . " Dozens of protesters were detained across Russia on Saturday , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . Ten activists were held in St. Petersburg , 22 in Nizhny Novgorod , and about 20 in Barnaul , it said . Police put the number of protesters in central Moscow at 29,000 , but organizers and RIA Novosti correspondents estimated the real number was several times higher , the news agency reported . Speaking this week before the newly elected parliament members in the Kremlin 's St. George Hall , Medvedev proposed that Russia return to direct elections of regional governors ; simplify the registration of political parties and presidential candidates ; and establish a new editorially independent national public TV channel . Medvedev also called for lifting many of the political restrictions imposed in the past several years by his predecessor , Putin , Russia 's current prime minister and a candidate in the March 2012 presidential elections . He also announced a number of new anti-corruption measures and called for the redistribution of power and financial resources from the federal government to local governments across the country . At the same time , he rejected widespread public criticism of the parliamentary elections , which critics say were marred by fraud and other irregularities , and blamed anti-Kremlin opposition figures for their "  attempts to manipulate the people and foment social discord . " "  We will not allow instigators and extremists to involve society in their reckless schemes , nor will we tolerate interference in our internal affairs from the outside , " Medvedev said . "  Russia needs democracy , not chaos . We need to have a faith for the future and justice . It is a good sign that society is changing , and citizens are expressing their position more actively , setting legitimate demands to the authorities . It is a sign that our democracy is growing more mature . " Protest organizers said Medvedev , who announced the reforms during his fourth and final state-of-the-nation speech Thursday , failed to address what authorities are planning to do about the recent alleged voting fraud , as well as whether fair and free elections are guaranteed in the future .	NEW : Dozens of protesters are detained , RIA Novosti reports Tens of thousands brave the bitter cold in Moscow to call for fair elections The mass protest follows one this month after parliamentary election results were announced Demonstrators want an investigation into this month 's election results
CNN  -- China 's population may be in excess of 1.3 billion inhabitants but only two of its players had ever reached a grand slam semifinal -- until Tuesday . That was when unseeded Peng Shuai put years of frustration , thoughts of retirement and major heart surgery to one side as she blew away Swiss teen Belinda Bencic at the U.S. Open . At her 37th grand slam , the 28-year-old was finally into her first semifinals . The buildup had mainly focused on the 17-year-old Bencic but it was the little known Peng -- far more recognized as a doubles player -- who stole the show with a powerful display . By so doing , she follows in the footsteps of Li Na , a two-time grand slam winner , and Zheng Jie , who reached semifinals at Wimbledon  2008  and the Australian Open  2010  . "  It 's a little bit too exciting , " Peng said on court after her 6-2 6-1 victory , earning a round of applause after pausing as emotion got the better of her . "  I love tennis , I love to play . " That much is clear from her back story . Aged 12 , Peng went against her family wishes to undergo a major operation to repair a fault in her heart . The procedure was so complicated surgeons had to access her heart through her left leg but as Peng made clear in a 2008 advertisement , there was one fundamental reason she went through with it . "  All I thought was very simple : if I want to continue tennis , I need to have this operation , " she said in the Adidas advert . Nearly two decades later , her tenacity was rewarded when she achieved the No. 1 ranking in doubles . By so doing , she became the first Chinese to ever achieve top spot -- whether in singles or doubles , male or female . Despite the ranking , a player who has never won a singles title revealed she had been wracked by doubts in recent times . "  A career is tough sometimes , " said Peng in victory . "  I 've thought about giving up , stopping playing  singles  , because I did n't know if I can make it , but my coach and parents told me to never give up . " With her two-fisted ground strokes proving too much for a rattled Bencic , the youngest U.S. Open quarterfinalist since 1997 , Peng hit 24 winners . Although Zheng was the first Chinese player to reach a grand slam semifinal , world No. 3 Li has taken the country 's tennis further . She won its first singles grand slam at the 2011 French Open , before clinching a second title at this year 's Australian Open . No Chinese woman has ever reached the U.S. Open singles final , a record that Peng -- who has won two grand slam doubles titles in the last year -- will try to correct on Thursday . She will meet 2009 finalist Caroline Wozniacki , who continued her career resurgence by crushing Italian 13th seed Sara Errani 6-0 6-1 later Tuesday . The former world No. 1 , who has a 5-1 career record over Peng , reached the last four of a grand slam for the first time since 2011 , also in New York . "  She was much stronger than me physically tonight , " said Errani , a semifinalist in 2012 . "  She does n't let you play . She never misses . "  And every point was a long point , and it made me feel worse , physically . " Serena Williams is in action on Wednesday against Italy 's Flavia Pennetta , but she suffered a frustrating day on Tuesday . Not only did she lose her doubles quarterfinal with sister Venus to Russian pair Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina , but she also suffered an injury scare . The world No. 1 's right foot had to be heavily bandaged early in the second set of the 7-6 6-4 defeat . In the men 's event , second seed Roger Federer marched into the quarterfinals for the 10th time in the last 11 years with an aggressive 6-4 6-3 6-2 win over Spanish 17th seed Roberto Bautista Agut . The five-time U.S. champion , seeking his first final appearance since losing the 2009 title match , came to the net 50 times as he comfortably set up a clash with French 20th seed Gael Monfils . "  I 'm happy I 'm able to come forward now because coming to net requires a lot of agility and explosiveness , and I have it back , " said the veteran 17-time grand slam winner . He has a 7-2 record over Monfils , beating him in three sets on the way to winning the Cincinnati title last month . "  I know exactly how I need to play him , " Federer said . "  I know I 'll be coming in ; he knows he 'll be defending . He 'll be wanting to serve well and play big as well . " Monfils , known for his all-action style , was in impressive form as he overcame a sluggish Grigor Dimitrov 7-5 7-6  8-6  7-5 to reach the quarterfinals at Flushing Meadows for a third time . Sixth seed Tomas Berdych will play Croatia 's Marin Cilic in the quarterfinals , after the Czech beat Austria 's Dominic Thiem 6-1 6-2 6-4 . Cilic , seeded 14th , came from behind to beat Richard Gasquet 5-7 7-6  7-3  6-4 3-6 6-3 , avenging his five-set defeat by the Frenchman at January 's Australian Open . In Wednesday 's opening quarterfinals , Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka takes on Japanese 10th seed Kei Nishikori , then in the late session world No. 1 Novak Djokovic plays Andy Murray in a repeat of the 2012 title match .	Peng Shuai becomes only third Chinese player to reach a grand slam semifinal Unseeded 28-year-old beats teen Belinda Bencic , next faces Caroline Wozniacki Peng underwent major heart surgery aged 12 to pursue tennis dream Five-time men 's champion Roger Federer through to quarterfinals
CNN  -- As a serial entrepreneur and dotcom millionaire , Neil Patel can afford to be picky about his choice of luxury residence . But instead of a country mansion , penthouse apartment or gated community in the suburbs , the founder of internet start-ups KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg has set up home in a location he says best suits his hectic work schedule -- the Hyatt Hotel in downtown Seattle . "  I bought a place in a hotel because its convenient for me , " says the 27-year-old , who often finds himself working more than 70 hours a week . "  I do n't know how to cook or clean and I make more money if I focus on work rather than on the other stuff in life . Staying in a hotel where all these things are provided enables me to do that , " he adds . See also : High-tech hotels a hit with geeky guests Patel has become accustomed to life on the road in recent years . He says in the later part of the last decade he spent as many as 50 weeks a year traveling to promote his business interests , which meant staying in hotels . But he adds that the complimentary services afforded him in these places enabled him to work longer hours and focus more on growing his companies . So when he moved move to Seattle in early 2009 , Patel decided to make his home in a luxury apartment that is part of the Hyatt at Olive 8 complex -- letting him transfer the best aspects of this nomadic lifestyle to his permanent residence . Although situated on a different floor from the hotel 's short-term guests , Patel still has access to all the amenities and services provided to the regular guests . "  You can get room service , you can get maid service , there 's a restaurant and a bar downstairs , there 's even little cafes and coffee shops , " says Patel . "  In addition to that you 've got all the gym stuff , there 's a full service spa , steam room saunas and a swimming pool as well , " he adds . Patel describes his own hotel abode as a compact luxury environment , without being too ostentatious "  There is a living room , bathroom , bedroom and a kitchen , " he says , and the place is "  wired-up " to host the latest electronic devices . There is even a TV in the bathroom , he adds . He declines to say how much the property cost him but reveals there is a penthouse suite not far from his own apartment that is available for between $ 4 million and $ 5 million . See also : Marriott mogul on 55 years in hotel business But whilst enthusiastic about the lifestyle facilities hotel life offers , Patel is equally positive on the hotel 's ability to double up as a business base if necessary . He says this enables him to work from home if he chooses , as well as meet and greet clients or business partners on the premises , meaning no valuable time is wasted traveling . "  Let 's say I have a lunch meet , I can just do it downstairs , " says Patel . "  I can do my business meetings there , my coffee meetings there . "  We have meeting rooms for businesses . We have small ones and we have medium ones and we even have grand ballrooms where we can have conferences . " "  Me and my buddies have actually thrown a conference in the hotel and we have fitted 100-plus people in one of their smaller rooms , " he adds . See also : Why are we still paying for hotel Wi-Fi ? But while supremely content with these services , Patel understands that a hotel will never be the perfect home environment for everyone . "  Of course , it 's harder to raise a family there as you 're not going to get a really huge place  and  if you do n't like living in the city there is much more noise , " he says . For a young millionaire with an unshakeable focus on working life , however , "  there really are n't that many drawbacks , " he adds . "  For a guy like me , it 's ideal . "	Neil Patel is a dotcom millionaire who lives in the Hyatt Hotel in Seattle He says living in a hotel suits his hectic work schedule Patel holds business meetings and conferences on the hotel premises
CNN  -- With national polls and polls in many of the battleground states essentially tied just days before November 6 , the winner of the presidential election is anybody 's guess . So , by the numbers , here 's a look at some offbeat predictors of presidential elections : 62.1 - Percent of sales of the President Obama "  Chia " planter , as of October 23 . 37.1 - Percent of sales of the Mitt Romney "  Chia " planter as of October 23 . 80  4 out of 5  - Percent of Family Circle magazine Presidential Cookie Bake-off winners who became first lady after her husband won the election .  Cindy McCain was the one winner who was a loser . 54 - Percent of the recipes in the Family Circle Presidential Cookie Bake-offs that include chocolate chips . 16 - Elections in a row , from 1936 until 1996 , where the incumbent party stayed in office if the Washington Redskins football team won at home in their last game before the election .  The so-called Redskins Rule did n't apply in 2000 , 2004 and 2008 . 60 - Percent of sales received at the Spirit Halloween seasonal store for the President Barack Obama mask . 40 - Percent of sales received at the Spirit Halloween season store for the Mitt Romney mask . 8 out of 9 - Correct predictions of the winner by the General Cinema movie theaters ' "  StrawVote " polls from 1968 until 2000 . The last year of the poll , moviegoers chose Al Gore to win . 16 - States , mostly in the upper Midwest and in the South , which are unable to participate in the "  7-11 " convenience store "  7-Election " coffee cup poll , because there are no "  7-11 " stores there . Do the math : The CNN Electoral Map 59 - Percent of votes President Barack Obama had received in the 7-11 contest as of October 31 . 51 - Percent of voters in the Scholastic Student Vote who voted for President Barack Obama . Students choose Obama in Scholastic mock election 45 - Percent of voters in the Scholastic Student Vote who voted for former Gov. Mitt Romney . 10 - Times since 1908 a National League baseball team has won the World Series during an election year . 67 - Percent chance Democrat Barack Obama will win the election since a National League team won the World Series , according to Major League Baseball . 33 - Percent chance Republican Mitt Romney will win the election , according to the MLB . 4 - Games played in the World Series in 2012 . The National League 's San Francisco Giants won this year , sweeping the American League Detroit Tigers . 1 - Number of times famous Pennsylvania groundhog Punxsutawney Phil did n't see his shadow during an election year . Romney tries to put Pennsylvania in play 1 - Number of times Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow on Groundhog Day in 2012 . 9 - Nuts eaten out of his Mitt Romney bowl by Gnocchi , the election-predicting pet squirrel from South Carolina , versus five eaten from his Obama bowl . Gnocchi correctly picked Obama to win in 2008 .	60 - Percent of sales received at a Halloween store for the President Barack Obama mask 40 - Percent of sales received at the same store for the Mitt Romney mask 59 - Percent of votes Obama has received in the 7-11 contest as of October 31 9 - Nuts eaten out of Romney bowl by an election-predicting squirrel vs. 5 from Obama bowl
CNN  -- These are tumultuous times for Tunisian tennis player Malek Jaziri . The 28-year-old might be the only player from an Arab country in the men 's draw at the Olympics , but his first-round win over Yen-Hsun Lu 7-6 , 4-6 . 6-3 has once more showcased the Tunisian 's remarkable powers of perseverance in the face of injury and political turmoil in his homeland . Professionally Jaziri has never looked back since the Tunisian revolution , which sparked the region 's Arab Spring and toppled the regime of Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali . . At the start of the revolution Jaziri was ranked 342nd ; by the end of 2011 he was up to 150th ; and now , following this week 's release of the latest rankings , the Tunisian has climbed to 67th after recording his first win at Wimbledon . "  I decided to come back from living in Barcelona to practise , " Jaziri told CNN , as he recalled the events that led to Ben Ali 's fall . "  The weather is always good and I was close to my family -- then one week after I got back , the revolution happened . It was n't easy , but it made me feel better , and my ranking got better . "  At first it was very hard to practize and to travel to play . The airport was closed , there were helicopters and shooting . But now it 's safe , everyone is feeling good . I 'm an ambassador for Tunisia and it is my source de l'inspiration . We have history , the desert , the sea , it 's like a paradise , really . " Docteur , Docteur Jaziri 's rise up the rankings is even more remarkable given he missed two years through injury at the age of 22 -- a time when most players are establishing themselves professionally . "  A few years ago when I was young , I was very promising , going very well , 200th in the rankings , being put forward for Grand Slams , and then I had an accident . I injured my knee and I could n't play . "  I spent the first year here in Tunisia with my family , but my knee was n't doing so well . I told my family that I would take one last chance going to Europe . I went there , saw a French doctor , and after nine months I was running again . It was a very , very tough time for me though . " But a spate of injuries -- he also hurt his ankle and wrist -- badly affected Jaziri 's confidence . "  It 's true , I did n't get given much of a chance with injuries -- it was not easy for me . With my knee , I was sat at home unable to do anything . I said I would quit and work with my father in the family business . But then I took my last chance in Paris ... and thank God for that . " It is not just the intervention of a Parisian doctor that provides fond memories of the French capital for Jaziri , who was born in the Tunisian city of Bizerte . "  During the war Roland Garros crashed his plane in Bizerte , the town where I play , " said Jaziri , referring to the renowned French pilot , who was a keen tennis player and whom the stadium that hosts the French Open was named after . "  They made a monument here for him . Eighty per cent of clubs in Tunisia have clay courts and everyone watches Roland Garros . So far I 've played two Grand Slams , and in Roland Garros I won the first round , I 'm very happy . " Carrying the hopes of a nation As well as his recent Grand Slam achievements , Jaziri is making the most of his Olympic experience , particularly given he needed a wildcard to enter the tournament . "  I had just finished my first match at Wimbledon when they told me that I had made the main draw in the Olympics . To win my first match at Wimbledon and then to have the chance to play at the Olympics was fantastic , I was twice as happy . " "  I thank the ITF for giving me the wildcard to play at the Olympic Games , it 's very important for me . I 'm very proud to play for my country , for Tunisia , and I hope to do good things . Why Federer 's friend is flying the Swiss flag at London "  It 's a very tough sensation to explain , when you hear the anthem of your country from on the podium . And I 'm not just representing my country at the games but also all African and Arabic countries -- I can feel their support , it 's like a dream for me . " Going solo It 's not just revolution and injury that Jaziri has had to overcome . Earlier in his career he was even having to book his own hotels and train tickets as well as having to apply to enter tournaments . "  At first I did n't have the chance to get a coach or staff . In the beginning it was tough , travelling alone , but then it becomes like a habit -- you 're always alone so you learn to take responsibility . I had to do everything myself . It 's a lot of small things , but it takes up a lot of time . " But his new-found success has brought sponsorship and that has enabled Jaziri to hire a coach and a fitness trainer , which perhaps explains his progression up the tennis ladder . "  I 'm the new ambassador of tourism for Tunisia , the Minister of Tourism sponsors me , " added Jaziri . "  I would welcome everyone to Tunisia , it can be a second home to anyone . We have freedom and safety now . It will be very nice to promote Tunisia all around the world . The Olympics is a dream for everyone , and I will be a part of it . "	Jaziri is the only Arab representative in the men 's singles Olympic draw During last year 's revolution in Tunisia , Jaziri rose almost 200 places in the rankings This summer saw him play his first match in the Wimbledon main draw He is now sponsored by the Tunisian Minister of Tourism , and is an ambassador for the nation
CNN  -- "  Opie & Anthony " has been cut in half . Anthony Cumia , the "  Anthony " portion of the shock-jock radio team , was fired by employer Sirius XM after Cumia made a series of racially charged tweets Wednesday night . "  SiriusXM has terminated its relationship with Anthony Cumia of the ` Opie & Anthony ' channel , " Patrick Reilly , the satellite radio broadcaster 's media relations manager , said in a statement . "  The decision was made , and Cumia informed , late Thursday , July 3 , after careful consideration of his racially-charged and hate-filled remarks on social media . Those remarks and postings are abhorrent to SiriusXM , and his behavior is wholly inconsistent with what SiriusXM represents . " According to Cumia , on Wednesday night he was taking pictures in Times Square when an African-American woman objected to being photographed . Cumia claims he was assaulted by the woman . He let loose with a series of tweets , many with profane and inflammatory language . One called the woman an "  animal pig face worthless meat sack " and worse . He did not report the alleged assault to the police . When asked why by one person on Twitter , he responded , "  Because I can take some punches w/out wasting the cops time . " Cumia appeared to be caught by surprise by the firing . "  Sirius decided to cave and fire me . Welcome to bizarro world . Fired for s ** t that was n't even on the air & was n't illegal . So , who 's next ? " he tweeted Friday morning . It 's not the first time the duo has been in trouble . In 2003 , a stunt called "  Sex for Sam , " which involved people having sex in public places in exchange for prizes , got the pair canceled from New York 's WNEW . '90s R&B star faces murder charges in wife 's death Entertainer Rolf Harris sentenced for abusing girls No rehab for Shia LaBeouf , just addiction treatment CNN 's Elizabeth Landers contributed to this story .	"  Opie & Anthony 's " Anthony Cumia made racially charged tweets Cumia took photo of African-American woman , claimed he was assaulted "  Behavior is wholly inconsistent with what SiriusXM represents , " says rep
CNN  -- The suspect in the killing of a University of Virginia student was arrested in a 2008 incident in which he threatened a police officer and was shocked with a stun gun , according to a police statement . George Huguely , 22 , was arrested on suspicion of murder Monday , hours after a roommate found Yeardley Love 's body in her off-campus apartment in Charlottesville , Virginia . Huguely , who was also a UVA student until resigning after his arrest , and Love played on the men 's and women 's lacrosse teams , respectively . CNN affiliate WDBJ got a police statement recounting an encounter between an intoxicated Huguely and Lexington , Virginia , Police Officer R.L. Moss . Affidavit : Lacrosse player killed in fight after breakup According to the statement , Moss came across Huguely as he stumbled into traffic outside of a fraternity house at Washington and Lee University in Lexington . After ignoring the officer 's calls to stop , Huguely was approached by Moss who , after speaking with Huguely , decided to arrest him for public drunkenness , the statement says . At that point , Huguely started making threats , including death threats , against the officer , according to the statement . "  He became more aggressive , more physical towards me , started to calling me several other terms that I 'm not going to state now , " she told WDBJ . Moss got into a brief "  tussle " with Huguely before resorting to her stun gun to get him under control , the statement says . At a court hearing the next month , Moss wrote she was surprised to learn that Huguely was so intoxicated that he did n't remember being shocked with the stun gun or threatening the police officer . Court records show that Huguely pleaded guilty to resisting arrest and public intoxication , WDBJ reported . He was given a suspended jail sentence and a fine .	George Huguely , 22 , arrested in death of Yeardley Love ; both played lacrosse at UVA Huguely previously arrested in 2008 incident in which he threatened a police officer Officer from 2008 incident said she was forced to use stun gun on Huguely Court records show Huguely pleaded guilty to resisting arrest , public intoxication
CNN  -- Your city is Maxime Charveron 's blank canvas , and it 's no longer spray cans he is painting with . As a graffiti-obsessed tearaway teenager in the French city of Lyon , Charveron used to paint the town red , as well as blue , yellow , white and any other color he could get his hands on . Hauled in front of the French courts after one particular spree , the then 15-year-old was slapped with a $ 33,000 fine , one his distraught parents were unable to cover . It was a brush with the law that would thrust Charveron towards his destiny as a BMX freestyle trailblazer . "  My parents did n't have a lot of money -- I killed them with that , " the man who describes himself on Twitter as a "  clown Pro-BMX rider from the cheesiest country in the universe " told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  My dad was really scared , he had no money . He was not really angry against me but he said ` Dude , we are done , all the family is done ' and I was like ` Phaooo . ' I thought ' I just need money and I need to do something to get out of this situation . ' "  I started riding really seriously because there was a BMX tour contest in France with a car to win , so my aim was to win this car , then to sell it , pay my fine . "  I did it , so then I thought I 'm going to keep riding BMX and live like that . " So in the best traditions of guerrilla art forms , Charveron continues to carve his own arcs through the environment around him , grinding rails and finding flow and meaning in functional structures . A legacy of broken bones is a small price to pay for the exhilaration it brings him and the people lucky enough to watch him at work . Charveron has a string of titles to his name , and a cherished fourth place at the International Festival of Extreme Sports in Montpellier this year . His desire to push the parameters of what is possible on a bike serve as a unique blend between BMX and the principles of Parkour -- where free-runners vault , jump and glide over and around the urban landscape . "  Maybe I 'm a little bit better than the others at BMX because I 'm less scared and I 'm determined , " he said . "  It 's about pushing the limits and finding new things to do all the time . If you 've got a new spot you will find new things to do . There are no rules . "  In BMX freestyle there are different types of riding , there is the street -- you ride on the street -- there is dirt -- you ride on jumps -- you can ride in a skate park , you find everything you want in a small place , and then there is the flat land . "  It 's like a dance with the bike on the floor . For me I ride street , skate park and dirt . And I just want to do my best on all of them . " Polished videos of Charveron 's skills are stuffed full of tricks ; one moment he might be sliding backwards down the handrail of a flight of stairs , the next leaping into the air after whizzing round the curve of a defenseless Lyon building . But some also showcase the often unseen trial and error stage , when Charveron 's bike and body end in a crumpled heap on the floor . It is a painful necessity in the process of trying to perfect a new trick . "  Sometimes it takes a long time for your brain to make your body do it , " Charveron said . "  Sometimes I just think about one trick for two months , and one day , when I feel good , I try the trick and it works like that ! Just pull it . Maybe I will crash one time , two times , then I will pull it . Easy . "  I think the hardest part of BMX is to be injured all the time . As soon as you ride , as soon as you try something , you can be sure to have a small cut on your leg or to be hurt somewhere . "  I had a lot of injuries : a popped out shoulder , a twisted knee , a broken foot , surgery on my ankle . I have been knocked out maybe 10 times , I broke my nose when I was young , broke my arm when I was young . "  With BMX you need to crash , you need to fall to learn new tricks . As soon as you ride you will be hurt a little bit so you will be all the time injured . " It was at the age of nine that Charveron 's interest in BMX was piqued by a magazine article . After a year spent pinching his sister 's bike , he got his own and after nailing down the basics , learnt his trade on the deserted streets of Lyon under the cloak of darkness . "  When I started riding a lot at 15 , I loved to hang out in the city alone during the night and ride street all the time , " he explained . "  It was chilled , it was calm , during the night there is no-one on the street , everyone is in front of the TV with their families . "  It was weird -- it seems like you have the entire city for you , if you ride Lyon at 3am , there is no one on the street and you can do whatever you want -- I love that . "  It inspired me because there is a real atmosphere on the street . I am scared about nature , I would hate to be in the forest alone and ride but I love being on the street because of the atmosphere of the buildings . "  I think it 's comfy ; it 's like I feel like home , it 's hot , I can stay on the street , it 's like my office . " As a pioneer of his chosen discipline , he is constantly protective of its integrity , and claims many of the current crop of freestylers in France are in it only for fame . "  It 's about taking your bike and riding for pleasure , not to be famous , or make a video , it 's just about riding BMX , " he said . "  I think with the internet -- Instagram , Facebook , Twitter -- I think the kids  have  lost it , now when they go to the skate park they all have camera stuff to make videos . "  I do the same and I think it 's normal , but in one way I think it 's sad because they 're in the skate park and they 're not even riding , they 're doing it to put their videos online and be famous . "	Maxime Charveron is a freestyle BMX biker from Lyon in France The 22-year-old honed his skills after being fined for going on a graffiti spree Charveron has won a string of titles and constantly comes up with new tricks He says the streets of Lyon feel like his office , especially in the dead of night
CNN  -- iPhone 5 owners can now get broken display screens replaced while they wait at Apple retail stores , in what could be the first step in a move to make repairs quicker and cheaper . An Apple Store employee confirmed by phone Tuesday that cracked iPhone 5 screens can now be replaced on site for $ 149 . An Apple spokesperson later confirmed as much . Previously , the repair would have required mailing in the phone and would have cost $ 229 for customers who had n't purchased the company 's AppleCare insurance . The move comes less than a month after , according to reports , Apple employees were informed of a new policy under which the company plans to begin repairing mobile devices instead of routinely replacing them . The blog AppleInsider quoted an unnamed Apple tech-staff member saying the shift would save the company $ 1 billion . As of now , older iPhones , along with iPads and iPods , ca n't get the on-site screen fix . But more options may be on their way . The AppleInsider post , which accurately reported that display replacements would be rolled out in June , said that by July , cameras , sleep/wake buttons and logic boards also will be replaced in stores . The Apple spokesperson would not comment on plans . Apple Store employees already had been able to repair or replace parts like speakers , receivers and batteries . While trimming its own costs , Apple also could be cutting into a cottage industry that 's sprung up around its market-leading smartphones and tablets -- third-party repairs . On the iPhone repair site Quick iFix , the price to fix the display on an iPhone 5 had dropped to $ 139 on Tuesday , down from $ 174 last month .	Apple retail stores now repair iPhone 5 displays while you wait Fixing a screen costs $ 149 , down from $ 229 for a replacement Reports say the change is first of more in-store repairs planned
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of excited music fans wait in line on the lookout for their favorite singers on a hit television show . Elaha Sorur was the lone female finalist on this season 's "  Afghan Star , " the country 's answer to "  American Idol . " Instead of spending the time outside a New York venue or Hollywood soundstage though , these fans braved barbed wire and gun-toting guards in Kabul to attend Afghanistan 's premier pop music event : the finals of "  Afghan Star , " the embattled country 's answer to "  American Idol . " In line , bright mod outfits have replaced Kabul 's normally conservative dress code . Onstage , men sport the latest styles . And on TV screens , a country 's new battle between traditional and pop culture plays out . "  For the young generation , " says one fan in line , "  it 's very important to be cool , with a cool mind . " Inside the concert hall , Jahid Mohseni , a 38-year-old Afghan-Australian media mogul , tries to manage the chaos he 's created . Singers , child acrobats and TV technicians all compete to get his attention before the start of Afghanistan 's biggest night of television . Mohseni , who started the country 's top television network , Tolo TV , said he 's just trying to revive Afghan culture after the fallow Taliban era when music and television were banned . Watch performances on "  Afghan Star " " "  Yes , we are promoting social change , but we can not push Afghan society where it does n't want to go . This is a commercial enterprise , and it 's reflecting what people want , " Mohseni said . In Afghanistan , more than 60 percent of the population is younger than 25 , and judging by the popularity of "  Afghan Star , " "  they 're like people everywhere . They 're not from Mars , " Mohseni said . At the fourth-season finals this year , the audience included those who sat quietly as well as those who loudly cheered for contestants , including Naweed Forugh  who would be named the "  Afghan Star " winner  , Naweed Sabirpur , Mehran Gulzar and Elaha Sorur , the lone female finalist . "  Art is in the blood of Afghans and has been for centuries , and it is still , " Sorur said . "  During the years of fighting , the people have n't been able to use their artistry , but with time , it will get better and better . Afghanistan and the people of Afghanistan are ready for a change . " But not everyone is happy with Mohseni 's programming choices . Afghanistan 's guardians of Islamic values , the Ulema Council , protested that "  Afghan Star " and Tolo TV 's popular Indian soap operas were not part of Afghan culture . Afghanistan 's minister for information and culture even tried to stop the soap operas in court , claiming that it was a question of national security . And last year , a female finalist on "  Afghan Star " received death threats and was forced into hiding after her head scarf fell to her shoulders during a performance . "  This young woman , beautiful , dancing with her hair free ... that symbolizes everything that is forbidden and was forbidden in Afghan culture , " said Havana Marking , director of a documentary about the show 's 2008 season , also called "  Afghan Star . " Mohseni points out that Afghanistan is near two powerful neighbors : India , with a population of 1.1 billion , and Iran , with almost 70 million people  compared with Afghanistan 's estimated 34 million  . "  You just have to sit down with your critics and explain that if we do n't have Afghan music and entertainment , Bollywood will take over , " he said . "  We 're just trying to hold our own in the middle of what is effectively a cultural war . " That culture war can be seen on Tolo TV . After meeting with the Ulema Council , Mohseni dreamed up another reality show called "  Tartil , " or "  Koran Star . " The three finalists were quizzed by religious authorities and judged on how well they 've memorized passages from the Quran , Islam 's holy book . There were no wild ovations when the winner was announced . But the finale still produced a bombshell : a shy 16-year-old schoolgirl named Uzra Mohamedi , who accepted the oversize $ 3,500 check without cracking a smile and dressed in a traditional black veil . Other TV programming in Afghanistan includes state-run news and lifestyle shows , a popular locally produced drama about an extended Afghan family , a sketch comedy show -- and the hit Kiefer Sutherland drama "  24 . " Mohseni said that "  Afghan Star " pushes his country forward in subtle ways , for instance teaching a few valuable lessons in democracy . Winners are picked by fans who can vote on their mobile phones -- one SIM card , one vote . In previous elimination rounds , losers sometimes stormed off the set , refusing to accept defeat . But now they thank their supporters and graciously congratulate the winners . "  This is the educational component of our show , and hopefully it 'll rub off on our politicians , " Mohseni said . To coincide with Afghanistan 's presidential elections in August , Mohseni created a reality show called "  The Candidate " as a way to encourage a more robust political debate . Six young Afghans face off in mock presidential debates and compete in American-style election campaigns . In the future , Mohseni said he hopes the direction of Afghan culture will be decided democratically without traditionalists imposing values by force or government edicts . Either way , Tolo TV has an avid audience : According to Mohseni , the finals of both "  Afghan Star " and "  Koran Star " won their nights ' ratings races , easily beating the competition .	"  Afghan Star " is Afghanistan 's version of "  American Idol " The show , one of Afghanistan 's most popular , has completed its fourth season Another show , "  Koran Star , " judges contestants ' knowledge of Islam 's holy book Many observers see TV programming as a culture war inside Afghanistan
CNN  -- The suspected mastermind of the deadly 2012 attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , is expected to be brought to American soil as soon as this weekend , a senior law enforcement source told CNN on Thursday . Ahmed Abu Khatallah was lured earlier this month to a location south of the city in eastern Libya and grabbed without a fight by U.S. commandos and FBI agents , multiple officials said . He 's spent most of the past two weeks aboard the USS New York being interrogated by the FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group , known as HIG , that includes agents from the FBI , CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency . As that vessel -- an amphibious transport dock ship -- nears the coast , it is expected that Abu Khatallah will be flown off of it on a V-22 Osprey aircraft to an undisclosed location , where he will be held as he awaits prosecution in a federal court in Washington . The Justice Department is expected to announce a formal indictment of Abu Khatallah soon after he arrives in the United States . Already , a federal judge has unsealed charges accusing Abu Khatallah of killing a person in the course of an attack on a federal facility with a firearm and dangerous weapons , as well as attempting and conspiring to provide material support to terrorists resulting in death . Abu Khatallah is accused in connection with the September 11 , 2012 , attack that left U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other U.S. citizens dead . President Barack Obama has described Abu Khatallah as "  one of the masterminds of the attack . " "  It 's a message to the world , that when Americans are attacked , no matter how long it takes , we will find those responsible and we will bring them to justice . Regardless how long it takes , we will find you , " the President said earlier this month . Republicans , though , have hammered Obama and members of his administration on Benghazi -- claiming they did n't do enough to protect the diplomatic mission and have since covered up what happened . Some GOP lawmakers criticized the Justice Department for failing to bring Abu Khatallah to justice even as he taunted U.S. authorities in a meeting with CNN 's Arwa Damon at a well-known luxury hotel in Benghazi in May 2013 . Chief among those targeted by Republicans is Hillary Clinton , secretary of state at the time of the attack and now the overwhelming favorite for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination , if she opts to run . She and administration officials have repeatedly denied the GOP allegations about Benghazi . After news broke of Abu Khatallah 's capture , Clinton said she was "  very pleased " and hopefully it will shed more light on what happened . "  I 'm still looking for answers , " she added . "  We 're doing our best we can to find out what happened . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	4 Americans , including its ambassador to Libya , died in a 2012 attack on a mission Obama has said that Ahmed Abu Khatallah was "  one of the masterminds " of the attack Abu Khatallah was nabbed by U.S. commandos , FBI agents this month in Libya He 's expected to be prosecuted in a federal court in Washington
Financial Times  -- Bull markets in Japan tend not to last long . Over the past two decades , in an environment of low growth and persistent deflation , the best strategy for globally minded investors has been to get in early and then get out again , once the index has risen about 20 per cent . "  Normally we get our moment in the sun once every 18 months , " chuckles Jesper Koll , head of equity research at JPMorgan , now in his 27th year of tracking the Tokyo market . Last year was a good one , with a rally in early spring and another still in progress , set off by expectations of more aggressive monetary and fiscal stimulus under Shinzo Abe , the country 's returning prime minister . From the time former premier Yoshihiko Noda called an election in mid-November , to the close of the Tokyo market for the new year holidays , the Nikkei 225 stock average rose by a fifth , outperforming 92 of 94 equity benchmarks around the world . Foreigners led , snapping up a net Y1 .8 tn  $ 21bn  of stocks in the six weeks before Christmas . But as the Japanese market reopens on Friday , investors should not necessarily be eyeing the exits , say strategists . While it is too early to judge whether Mr Abe 's reflationary policies will be successful , they say , the stage he has set -- featuring a weaker yen and a looser central bank -- should support stocks for a while yet . "  Look around the world , " says Kathy Matsui , chief Japan strategist at Goldman Sachs in Tokyo , paraphrasing a recent comment from one of her clients . "  The US still has its fiscal cliff problem , Europe keeps muddling through and China 's direction under its new leaders is uncertain . " In that context , "  Japan is the clearest macro game in town " . More inflows from abroad seem likely , say analysts . For one thing , valuations are inexpensive . Of the five cheapest holdings of Global Special Situations , an Investec Asset Management fund which seeks out companies with low enterprise values but strong cash flows , four are Japanese . "  We 'd never say this is the start of a multiyear bull run but we do know the stocks we own here still look attractive , " says Mark Wynne-Jones , the fund 's co-manager . The yen is on track to record eight consecutive weeks of losses against the US dollar , which is something it has not achieved since 1989 . A weaker currency should improve sales volumes and profit margins for exporters , which have become the primary engine of extremely cyclical growth in the world 's third-largest economy . But perhaps the strongest reason for continuing to put on the so-called "  Abe trade " , say analysts , is the desire of the new prime minister to consolidate his hold on power . Last month 's victory in the lower-house elections has given the Liberal Democrat party a two-thirds "  supermajority " , in tandem with its alliance partner . However , the coalition is short of a majority in parliament 's upper house , where the Democratic Party of Japan still holds sway . If Mr Abe can steer his party to victory in July , when half the upper-house seats are up for grabs , he could , in theory , enjoy an election-free reign stretching out to 2016 . For the next six months , Mr Abe 's government will be "  using all its political power " to push stocks up and the currency down , says Satoshi Okagawa , senior global markets analyst at SMBC in Singapore . After that , say analysts , gains may be harder to come by . In the absence of real structural reforms to increase Japan 's potential growth rate , the market may not take off like it did between 2003 and 2005 under the administration of Junichiro Koizumi , says Ms Matsui of Goldman Sachs . In the past couple of months Japan has been "  a ` close-your-eyes-and-buy ' market " , says Sean Darby , chief global strategist at Jefferies in Hong Kong , noting that stocks that had been "  priced for technical insolvency " , such as Sharp , have rallied the hardest . But most feel that Mr Abe deserves a little faith . Dean Cashman , a Singapore-based director at Eastspring Investments , the Asian asset management arm of Prudential , has seen 14 prime ministers come and go since the early 1990s . He says he runs his $ 80m portfolio by focusing on what companies do "  in spite of politics -- not because of it " . But with Mr Abe , "  at least you have a party with an agenda and a fairly clear mandate . If nothing else , this opens the door to a better policy making process . " Jeff Atherton , senior portfolio manager at GLG Partners , which runs one of the biggest Japanese equity funds outside Japan , says it will take months , if not years , to judge the success of Mr Abe 's "  great reflation experiment " . But for the time being "  it feels much too early to be too cynical , " he says .  The Financial Times Limited 2013	The Nikkei 225 has outperformed 92 of 94 equity benchmarks around the world since November Expectations high of more aggressive with Shinzo Abe , the country 's returning prime minister
CNN  -- Is the "  Age of America " drawing to a close ? According to the International Monetary Fund  IMF  , its demise as the leading economic power is five years away and the next president of the United States will preside over an economy that plays second fiddle to China 's . The lender posted data on its World Economic Outlook that puts 2016 as Year Zero for China as the world 's dominant economic power -- the year when China 's growth trajectory intersects the decline of the U.S. 's share of world gross domestic product in terms of purchasing price parity . According to the figures , the Chinese economy would grow from $ 11.2 trillion in 2011 to $ 19 trillion in 2016 . Over the same period , the U.S. economy will rise from a dominant $ 15.2 trillion to a trailing $ 18.8 trillion . But , as the saying goes , statistics are often used like a drunken man uses a lamp-post -- for support rather than illumination . An analyst at the IMF said in a statement much hinges on whether economic size is measured by purchasing power parity -- what your money can actually buy on the ground in any given economy , the basis of the famous "  Big Mac " index -- or GDP at market rates -- which is measured by converting the national currency into a common currency  normally the U.S. dollar  and measuring how much is flowing through the economy . The IMF projects U.S. GDP in dollars will be $ 15.2 trillion this year while China 's will be $ 6.5 trillion , rising to $ 18.8 trillion and $ 11.2 trillion respectively by 2016 . Under this measure , the US looks likely to stay the world 's No. 1 economy if current growth rates are maintained . "  The IMF considers that GDP in purchase-power-parity  PPP  terms is not the most appropriate measure for comparing the relative size of countries to the global economy , because PPP price levels are influenced by non-traded services , which are more relevant domestically than globally , " the IMF said . "  The Fund believes that GDP at market rates is a more relevant comparison . Under this metric , the U.S. is currently 130 % bigger than China , and will still be 70 % larger by 2016 . " Nevertheless , the PPP index still has its fans , with some contending that China could be even stronger than it appears on paper thanks to the current artificially suppressed level of its currency . "  China actively suppresses the renminbi on the currency markets through massive dollar purchases . As a result the renminbi is deeply undervalued on the foreign-exchange markets . Just comparing the economies on their exchange rates misses that altogether , " said MarketWatch columnist Brett Arends . "  Purchasing power parity is not a perfect measure . None exists . But it measures the output of economies in terms of real goods and services , not just paper money . That 's why it 's widely used to compare economies . The IMF publishes PPP data . So does the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  . Many economists rely on them , " he said . While the slope of the graph is declining for the U.S. and rising for China , reports of the death of the U.S. economy look certain to be greatly exaggerated and could still be many decades away . Other measures such as per capita income as a proportion of GDP still sees the United States many years ahead of China and other readings that measure social and structural problems could still see the Chinese juggernaut blow a tire yet .	The IMF says China will overtake the U.S. as the world 's leading economic power in 2016 Analysts dispute the figures saying that China still has a long way to go before it catches up China must overcome many structural and social problems before it is the global economic power
French movie icon Gerard Depardieu is now a Russian . He is best known to U.S. movie fans for his starring role in the 1990 comedy "  Green Card , " in which the character he plays marries an American woman -- played by Andie MacDowell -- to be allowed permanent residence in the States . Depardieu may never become a documented immigrant in the U.S. , but the star announced Friday he accepted Russian citizenship after Vladimir Putin granted it to him personally by presidential decree , Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported . Read more : Hollande under pressure to show hand The movie star and businessman recently fled his native France in a high-profile protest of government plans for a tax hike on the richest . He moved just across the border to the town of Nechin , Belgium , and ditched his French citizenship . Putin 's offer stems from a quip the actor made to a French newspaper two weeks ago about citizenship offers from other countries . "  Putin has already sent me a passport , " he joked to Le Monde . He and Putin are friends . Read more : France 's tax laws will lead to ` brain drain ' The Russian president pounced on the wisecrack the very next day , saying that if Depardieu wants in , then he 's in , Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported . Putin had Thursday 's decree posted to his website : "  In accordance with clause ` a ' of article 89 of the Russian Constitution , the application for Russian citizenship by Gerard Xavier Depardieu born in France in 1948 has been granted . " France 's socialist administration wants to raise taxes on citizens earning more than 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million  annually to 75 % . The Russian federation has a flat income tax rate of 13 % , RIA Novosti reported . Depardieu has worked in Russia before , appearing in a historical film on czarist Russia and in ad campaigns . His father was a Communist , and as a child , before the fall of the Iron Curtain , he listened to Radio Moscow . He has promised to start learning Russian and in a letter to journalists gushed with praise for his new society , RIA Novosti reported . "  I adore your country , Russia , your people , your history , your writers ... I adore your culture , your way of thinking . " And he wrote that he spoke with "  his " President Francois Hollande about the decision . "  He knows that I love your President Vladimir Putin , " Depardieu wrote , according to RIA Novosti , "  and that feeling is mutual . " Read more : France raises taxes on rich Depardieu is a cultural icon in France , and his departure has triggered a hailstorm of public criticism for and against him . It reignited the discussion on the tax code . He abandoned his citizenship in an emotional , sweeping open letter addressed to French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault that was published in mid-December in the Sunday paper Le Journal du Dimanche . "  Sadly , I no longer belong here , " he wrote , "  but I will continue to love the French public , with whom I have shared so many emotions . I 'm leaving because you believe that success , creativity , talent -- what makes people individual -- must be punished . " He asserted that he has always paid his taxes , claiming they totaled 145 million euros over the past 45 years . In addition to his million-dollar acting fees , Depardieu has revenues from companies he said he owns that give work to a total of 80 employees . "  I leave after having paid , in 2012 , 85 % tax on my income , " he wrote , triggering at least one fact check in the French press . With his citizenship , Depardieu bequeathed in the letter his social security benefits to the state . He has left France to become "  a true European , a citizen of the world . " Depardieu has been one of the quintessential faces of the French silver screen for decades . His large , clefted nose , broad smile , beaming eyes , longish blond hair , hefty physique and bodacious mannerisms are uniquely his own and have left their imprint on the French cinema and stage . He has played in at least 195 films since 1967 , according to the Internet Movie Database , and starred in every genre from happy-go-lucky comedies to tragedies . He has helped bring French historic epics such as "  Napoleon " and "  Germinal " to life . Depardieu has received numerous acting awards and has even been knighted . But he has also been known for audacious escapades under the influence of alcohol , such as urinating on the floor of an airplane about to take off and reportedly trashing an automobile with his bare hands . In his open letter to France and its politicians , he admits to foibles in his lifestyle and love life but is unapologetic . He has also suffered family tragedies . He lost his heroin-addicted son to pneumonia . He left his wife , and he and his daughter are reportedly estranged . According to media reports , Depardieu has received citizenship offers from other countries . His next movie , which IMDb describes as a "  thriller " is to release this year and bears the title "  Foreign Affairs . "	Gerard Depardieu has been granted Russian citizenship by Vladimir Putin The French silver screen icon deserted France over a proposed tax hike on the richest The actor claims to have paid 85 % in taxes in 2012
ISIS has been defined as the wealthiest terrorist group on record , using a combination of black market oil sales , extortion and sophisticated social media to raise money to fund its expansion into Iraq and Syria , according to the U.S. Treasury . A policy to combat ISIS on many fronts is taking shape , but western diplomats here in the Middle East say trying to get coalition members on the same page is proving difficult . The harsh reality remains that despite an ever-increasing focus on ISIS , the group is still pulling in about $ 1 million a day , according to the U.S. Treasury . A dozen coalition countries led by General John Allen -- U.S. envoy in the fight against ISIS -- met in Kuwait on Monday with a two pronged strategy : to decide what are the best tools to choke off ISIS financing and to win the hearts and minds of the Muslim world in terms of messaging . Another part of this effort is getting coalition members to agree on the final goal . Some big regional Sunni powers , specifically Saudi Arabia and Turkey , are still eager to purse a broader coalition campaign which includes taking down Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . This remains a stumbling block on the path to an effective coalition . But there are indications that a more defined strategy against ISIS has emerged over the past week . In his address to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Thursday , the lead official on ISIS financing said progress had been made before going on to name those countries which are lagging behind . READ MORE : Former U.S. soldier battles ISIS David Cohen , the Under Secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence at the U.S. Treasury , said both Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have both made progress in choking off funds from wealthy Gulf Arab trading groups that support what many defined as a broader Sunni cause in support of ISIS . However , Cohen went onto to say both Qatar and Kuwait remain "  permissive jurisdictions for terrorist financing . " That is a strong statement considering Kuwait has set up a financial intelligence unit and Qatar passed a law regulating fundraising by charities within the tiny but wealthy Gulf state with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world . Pressure on Qatar is coming from both sides of the Atlantic . Douglas Alexander , the British Labour Party 's shadow foreign secretary , said the visit of Qatar 's young Emir to London this week is the ideal opportunity to apply more pressure . Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani is scheduled to meet with British Prime Minister David Cameron later this week to define the efforts put forth to undermine ISIS . The ability for the Prime Minister to lean on Qatar is complicated by the Gulf state 's spending spree in London as owner of Harrods , the London Shard building and a slew of other prime assets . Meanwhile , as I reported at the beginning of September , ISIS 's oil production and distribution network is not what it was just a few months ago , when up to 70,000 barrels of crude was finding its way onto the black market . Cohen from the U.S. Treasury suggests -- using his revenue number of a million dollars -- that production has been reduced to 25,000 barrels and that the Assad regime is still on the receiving end of that ISIS-controlled oil . Now the coalition wants both the Kurdish Regional Government  KRG  and Turkey to close off routes used to distribute that oil . Both have reportedly made pledges to do so . Over the past week U.S. airstrikes are supporting an Iraqi military effort on the ground to finally secure the Baiji refinery north of Mosul . The effort to pull 60 countries of a coalition together , diplomats tell me , is as complicated as the region itself -- especially with so many countries vying for the upper hand .	ISIS , which controls parts of Iraq and Syria , is pulling in $ 1 million a day , says the U.S. Treasury 12 coalition countries are meeting in Kuwait to come up with a plan to choke off ISIS financing Oil sales , extortion and social media are three main ways ISIS raises funds U.S. Treasury says Qatar and Kuwait remain "  permissive jurisdictions for terrorist financing "
CNN  -- The prospects for immigration reform just got a lot brighter . Eight leading senators , four Republicans and four Democrats , came together to announce on Monday their agreement on broad principles to modernize our immigration laws , which have been largely unchanged since 1965 . Since then , the world has changed dramatically and globalized markets have revolutionized our economy . But our antiquated immigration laws are still designed for an economy that existed when people were watching black and white TV . As China offers generous stipends , access to prestigious incubators , honorary titles and other benefits to lure home the scientists and engineers who come to America to study , we turn these innovators away . As Canada , the United Kingdom , Australia , Singapore and Chile offer visas and other incentives to attract entrepreneurs to their countries , we make it nearly impossible for most entrepreneurs to come here . And as countries like the United Kingdom experiment with using independent economists to help determine which immigrants their economy needs , we continue with an immigration system that not only ignores our economic health , but actively works to undermine it . Opinion : Stars align at last for immigration plan In South Korea , Spain and Switzerland , roughly 80 % of all permanent visas are used for employment needs . Italy , Germany , and the United Kingdom allocate around 60 % of all permanent visas this way . But in the United States , we give just 7 % of our permanent residency "  green cards " to fill gaps in our economy . In the past , we could afford an immigration system that was not focused on recruiting top workers . With the American economy such a dominant force , these workers had no other choice but to wait and wait until they could get to America . But in the global economy , talent is transient . A top scientist who can not gain access to the United States can easily go work in a lab in Germany , India or any other of America 's direct competitors . Canadian immigration authorities recruit scientists with just this pitch , promising far easier entry and access to permanent residency then they could gain in the United States . The economics are simple . If we attract and retain the world 's top talent , our economy will grow faster . A recent study by the conservative American Enterprise Institute and the bipartisan Partnership for a New American Economy found that , from 2000 to 2007 , each foreign-born worker with an advanced degree from a U.S. university who stayed in the country to work in science , technology , engineering and math -- the STEM fields -- created , on average , 2.62 additional jobs for American workers . Their innovations power new technologies , new products and new companies . And the reverse is equally true . If we fail to attract and retain the world 's top talent , our economy will falter . By 2018 , the United States is projected to have a shortage of more than 230,000 advanced degree STEM workers . Jobs in these fields are exploding , growing three times faster than the rest of the economy over the last decade , but we simply can not fill them , even in a recession with so many people looking for work . The same is true in industries all over the economic spectrum . Harsh immigration laws that discourage migrant farm workers have led to millions of dollars of crops rotting on the vine . Overly bureaucratic and restrictive visa application processes have forced hotels to run at less than peak capacity even when demand is high because they ca n't get workers to staff them . Opinion : Key to immigration reform -- Worker visas In an iPad and smartphone world , we need an iPad and smartphone immigration system . We need a system that recognizes that it is not only possible , but even probable , that a business would have its manufacturing in China , its headquarters in Europe , its back office in India and its sales offices all over the globe . We need a system that makes it easy for entrepreneurs , scientists , farm workers , engineers , hotel workers , business travelers and all the workers our economy needs to easily come here and help our companies compete . And we need a system that is flexible to changing economic demands , attracting workers when and where they are needed and easing immigration when demand for workers slows . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and the 500 business leaders and mayors who make up the Partnership for a New American Economy have been making the economic case for immigration reform for the last several years . Republicans and Democrats are once again , for the first time in years , having honest discussions on how to overhaul the system . Reforming our immigration laws is not just good economics , it 's also good politics . This was made evident on Monday when leading Republicans and Democrats in the Senate came together behind principles that , in their words , would improve our immigration system so that it "  will help build the American economy " and "  establish an improved process for admitting future workers to serve our nation 's workforce needs . " Recruiting the talent we need to compete and succeed in a global marketplace is an idea that crosses party lines . Opinion : Immigrant -- Can we trust Obama ? America became the world 's most dynamic and powerful economy by opening our doors to all those seeking freedom and opportunity . If we are to retain that position in the 21st century , we must open our doors not only to family members and asylum seekers , but to more of the talented and hard-working people our economy needs to grow . This is a moment of progress . Leading members of both parties in Congress understand the need for action and are standing together with an agenda for reform . Let 's capitalize on it and get the modern immigration system our economy deserves . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Feinblatt .	John Feinblatt : U.S. immigration system has n't been updated since black and white TV Feinblatt : Today our economy is competing on a global scale for the best and brightest He says other nations offer incentives ; we make it hard for workers to get in U.S. ca n't fill STEM jobs , he says . We need to lure workers and entrepreneurs
CNN  -- North Korea 's latest nuclear test , coming on the heels of December 's successful satellite launch , suggests that Pyongyang is moving forward toward developing a nuclear warhead and a deliverable missile system , experts say . The question remains : How close is it ? The answer , like the cloistered "  hermit kingdom , " remains largely a mystery , as does much of its nuclear program . "  It 's a question over the delivery system and the reliability of those systems , " said Daniel Pinkston , senior analyst for the International Crisis Group covering Northeast Asia . "  That is essentially unknown , or known by a few people inside North Korea . " South Korean rocket successfully puts satellite in orbit A 2009 report by International Crisis Group suggests that North Korea "  probably has somewhere between six and twelve nuclear weapons , or at least explosive devices , " but notes that experts are divided on whether any of these are now usable as warheads -- small enough to be mounted on missiles and durable enough to withstand the hazards of flight . "  It 's pretty clear that these are advanced technologies and the systems present a number of engineering challenges -- and to master these technologies requires a number of tests , " Pinkston said . North Korea on Google Maps : Monuments , nuclear complex , gulags In December , on the first anniversary of the death of its former leader Kim Jong Il , North Korea successfully launched a three-stage rocket that put the satellite Shining Star-3 into orbit . The launch also signaled that the North 's long-range missile program now puts the United States within reach . Last month , the United Nations Security Council unanimously passed a resolution that strengthened sanctions against the North in response to the December rocket launch . Declaring sanctions to be tantamount to "  a declaration of war , " North Korea threatened further missile and nuclear tests , which it said are a new phase of confrontation with the United States . For the U.N. and North Korea : Game on Tuesday 's underground nuclear test is North Korea 's third , following tests in 2009 and 2006 . The test , "  probably " conducted in the vicinity of P'unggye , yielded "  several kilotons , " according to assessments cited by the U.S. director of national intelligence . Koreas in 2013 : Watch the generational politics Estimates of the size , or yield , of the 2009 nuclear test range from 2.5 kilotons to 6 kilotons , Pinkston said . By comparison , the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had a yield of 16 kilotons . While the specter of a North Korea able to send nuclear-tipped missiles is worrisome , equally troublesome to the international community is Pyongyang 's atomic technology fueling the black market for weapons . "  If its clandestine uranium-enrichment program has made strides , Pyongyang could demonstrate that it will gain access to a far larger pool of fissile material than simply its limited supply of weapons-grade plutonium , " wrote Patrick M. Cronin , an Asia expert at the Center for New American Security , in a CNN op-ed . "  A larger pool of fissile material is a dual threat : As a vital part of an expanded nuclear weapon program and as a commodity to be sold on the black market . " Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	North Korea says it carried out an underground nuclear test Tuesday It is the third nuclear test Pyongyang has carried out since 2006 It comes after new U.N. sanctions for North Korea 's December satellite launch Experts say it 's unknown how close the North is to being able to launch a nuclear warhead
CNN  -- Skier Lindsey Vonn is to take a sabbatical from World Cup competition , but the American insists the break has nothing to do with her recent admission she suffers from depression . Last month the finest female skier of her generation had to spend a couple of days in hospital due to an intestinal infection that she said had affected her "  energy and strength " . "  After talking with my family and consulting with my coaches and trainers , I 've decided to take a break from the World Cup circuit , " said Vonn on her Facebook page . "  I believe that some time off the mountain will help me regain the physical strength that I require to compete at the level that I demand from myself . I look forward to getting back on the mountain in the New Year . " Alpine Director of the U.S. Ski Team Patrick Riml added : "  We support Lindsey in the decision so that she can return to the World Cup and compete in the World Championships at full strength . " This season Vonn has won two downhills and two super-Gs , with her St. Moritz super-G victory in Switzerland delivering a 57th career World Cup triumph to put her within five victories of record-holder Annemarie Moser-Proell on the all-time list . But the American was below her best in the weekend races at Val d'Isere when her bid for a fifth-straight win ended in a crash . "  I want to be emphatic that this has nothing to do with my recent interview with People Magazine , " added the 28-year-old Vonn on Facebook , referring to her admission that she has suffered from depression and currently takes an anti-depressant to manage the condition . "  I had completed that interview weeks before I was in the hospital with the intestinal infection . " In the magazine interview , Vonn revealed that she had hit a low point four years ago . "  I could n't get out of bed anymore . I felt hopeless , empty , like a zombie , " said Vonn , who added : "  All the parts of my life are finally in sync . I accept who I am , and I 'm moving forward . " Last week Vonn told CNN in an exclusive interview that was pondering taking legal action in her bid to race against the men after the International Ski Federation  FIS  blocked her bid to challenge the sport 's top male stars at a recent meeting in Canada . "  I do n't want to make a big stink out of it but I feel like their response that I ca n't race with the men simply because I 'm a woman was definitely gender-biased so I 'm going to do what I can and hopefully make something work . "  So right now I 'm looking into options -- my father is an attorney so I 'm just seeing if there 's any options , legally , that I can take . "	American skier Lindsey Vonn is to take a break from World Cup circuit Vonn says break will help regain "  physical strength " American Iooking forward to "  getting back on the mountain in the New Year " Alpine Director of the U.S. Ski Team Patrick Riml supports Vonn decision
It 's the stuff you might expect only to see on TV or in movies -- the upbeat kind with happy endings . Thankfully , that is just what happened in Burbank , California -- the Southern California city that 's home to Warner Brothers and Walt Disney studios -- as a toddler fell from three stories up into a stranger 's arms and onto a box spring mattress . "  It feels like I watched a TV show , like it did n't happen to me , " Konrad Lightner , who identified himself as the man who caught the child and fell with him , told CNN affiliate KABC . Sunday was moving day for Lightner and wife Jennifer , a typically exhausting if not momentous endeavor . Until , that is , they spied a youngster hanging out of a third-story window of an apartment building and called 911 . According to Burbank fire Capt. Peter Hendrickson , calls for help came shortly after 5:30 p.m.  8:30 p.m. ET  , after witnesses saw the child crawling out of the window . Enter the box spring . It was placed under the window , and although Hendrickson did not name the Good Samaritans , the Lightners said it was their mattress and Konrad Lightner 's arms that came to the rescue . The toddler fell only to be caught , and together the toddler and the catcher fell onto the box spring . Jennifer Lightner told KABC that the whole episode "  did n't seem real until he was hanging from  a  chord , because there was no way he was going to get back . " It was then , she added , that the couple threw down their box spring mattress . "  It  was  now up to Konrad to catch him , " Jennifer Lightner added . That 's exactly what Konrad Lightner said he did , putting his arms around the falling child "  and lower  ing  him real fast to the box spring . " Photos taken a short time later and posted on MyBurbank.com showed a man -- clad in a T-shirt , shorts and no shoes -- cradling what appeared to be his child on the box spring . Another shows the same man carrying the child , surrounded by toys like Minnie Mouse and SpongeBob SquarePants dolls and as Jennifer Lightner holds the box spring upright . The youngster appeared to be dressed in footsie pajamas , with no signs of trauma or obvious injuries . The child was transported to Children 's Hospital Los Angeles , said Hendrickson of the Burbank fire department . Another photo shows a firefighter helping the Lightners carry away their box spring , and one pictures Konrad Lightner being thanked by a firefighter . Jennifer Lightner described the happening as "  very surreal , " all the more so considering the couple resumed the mundane task of moving not long after . "  I 'm not a hero , " her husband told KABC . "  I just walked by and just tried to help . Just something happened and were there . "  We were lucky to be there . " 5,000 kids a year hurt in falls from windows	Witnesses see a child dangling from a third-story window in Burbank A box spring mattress is put under the window A stranger catches the youngster , falls back onto the mattress Man who says he caught the child : "  It feels like I watched a TV show "
CNN  -- Second inaugurals are rarely as fresh and exciting and full of promise as the first . When a person is sworn in as president and addresses the world for the first time , there is always the chance that he will keep his promises , uphold the principles he espouses , and fulfill his policy objectives . But in a sequel , we have the advantage -- or is it the disadvantage ? -- of having already seen this individual in action . So we do n't just hear the words , however pretty they may be . We balance them against what we know about the person 's flaws and limitations . Obama embraces key social justice movements in inaugural address President Obama said this during his speech : "  That is our generation 's task -- to make these words , these rights , these values -- of life , and liberty , and the pursuit of happiness -- real for every American . " And this : "  And we must be a source of hope to the poor , the sick , the marginalized , the victims of prejudice -- not out of mere charity , but because peace in our time requires the constant advance of those principles that our common creed describes : tolerance and opportunity ; human dignity and justice . " And this : "  Our journey is not complete until we find a better way to welcome the striving , hopeful immigrants who still see America as a land of opportunity ; until bright young students and engineers are enlisted in our workforce rather than expelled from our country . " Opinion : Obama 's America , better than what Founders imagined Right about there , I realized that Obama is perhaps one of the least self-aware presidents we 've ever had . He lives in his own world , of lofty ideals and soaring rhetoric . But , as he prepares for his second term , he ca n't escape his reality of his first term . Here is a president who claims to be seeking a new kind of justice for illegal immigrants and their families , and yet he 's deported more than 1.5 million of them and divided thousands of families . Here is a president who won 71 % of the Latino vote , and yet now -- with the departures of Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Labor Secretary Hilda Solis -- presides over a Cabinet with no Latinos serving on it . The nominations for the top four Cabinet jobs have already gone out , and three of them went to white males . It 's nice to see that group get ahead . They never get anything . Mr. President , in your speech , you talked about the rights and privileges of Americans . You do know that many illegal immigrants refer to themselves as undocumented Americans . As they see it , they are Americans in every way but legal status -- Americans whose lives you 're ruining and who you 're depriving of liberty and the pursuit of happiness . They are , indeed , to use your words , "  marginalized " and your heavy-handed enforcement policies and record number of deportations helped put them on the margins . Opinion : Obama 's ringing defense of liberalism You have not done right by this group of people , or the U.S.-born Latino community that claims to support them -- at least in nonelection years . Nor have you advanced -- through your immigration policies -- the principles of "  tolerance and opportunity , human dignity and justice . " After all , just who do you think has "  expelled " so many of these "  striving , hopeful " immigrants from our country ? That 's right , Mr. President , you 're the one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : In second inaugurations we receive promises more cautiously He says Obama says life , liberty , pursuit of happiness , opportunity should be for all Americans He says he has deported more undocumented immigrants than any president , broken up families Navarrette : He has not done well by Latinos . Where are new Latino Cabinet members ?
CNN  -- Leading jockey Frankie Dettori may have spent most of his life on a diet , but when it comes to his favorite pastimes food is right up there with racing . Around five years ago Dettori met Michelin-starred chef Marco Pierre White and asked him where he could go out with his young family to eat . "  I could n't answer the question , " Marco Pierre White told CNN , "  and that 's how Frankie 's was born . That simple . " They opened their first restaurant in London in 2004 . Now there are four in London , one in Shanghai and one in Dubai . This March , a cookbook followed : "  Frankie Dettori 's Italian Family Cookbook . " This is his favorite recipe . Enjoy ! Frankie : "  My father loved this particular dish as , although it 's vegetarian , it has the meaty and slightly smoky texture of a good steak . To this day it makes me think of childhood Sunday lunches . " Parmigiana di Melanzane / Aubergine Parmigiana INGREDIENTS 1 kg aubergines extra virgin olive oil Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper 2 garlic cloves , chopped 3 x 400g cans of good quality tinned tomatoes , sieved and chopped a small handful of fresh basil leaves a large handful of finely grated Parmesan 1 1/2 kg fresh Mozzarella , cubed Preheat the oven to 180 C/350 F/Gas Mark 4 . Cut the aubergines in 1/2 cm strips , lengthwise . Sprinkle each slice with salt and layer on a plate . Cover with a plate of the same size and add a heavy weight on top  such as a large bottle of water  so that water can be squeezed out of the aubergines . Set aside for 2-3 hours . Meanwhile , heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a saucepan , add the garlic and fry until slightly golden . Add the tomatoes and basil , and cook over a medium heat for 25 minutes , until the sauce thickens . Season to taste . Remove the weight from the aubergine , thoroughly rinse the slices and pat dry . Generously cover the bottom of a large frying pan with olive oil and place over a high heat . In batches , brown the aubergine slices on both sides , lowering the heat and adding oil as required . Drain the slices on kitchen roll as you go along . Cover the bottom of a 23cm x 30cm ovenproof dish with a thin layer of tomato sauce ; add a layer of aubergine slices , then top with a handful of the cheeses . Ladle some tomato sauce over this and continue layering , finishing with one of tomato sauce and a sprinkling of cheeses . Bake for 15-20 minutes to heat through and melt the Mozzarella , then set aside for a few minutes to cool . Cut into squares and serve warm . Serves 8 Preparation time : 3 hours Cooking time : 50 minutes Courtesy : Harpercollins Publishers E-mail to a friend	Frankie Dettori 's favorite recipe from his new cookbook : Aubergine Parmigiana Leading jockey spends many months dieting but when "  off-duty " loves food Opened first of "  Frankie 's " restaurants in 2004 , now chain of six worldwide Released Italian family cookbook with chef Marco Pierre White in March , 2008
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo set up a thrilling last race finale with MotoGP title leader Marc Marquez by claiming the Japanese Grand Prix Sunday at Motegi . Defending champion Lorenzo led from start to finish on his Yamaha to relegate Marquez and his Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa to second and third places . It has cut Marquez 's lead to just 13 points ahead of the final round in Valencia in a fortnight , the first time in seven years the title will be at stake at this stage of the season . "  Until we finish racing we know the championship is not over . I 'm not the leading rider so it 's not all up to me , " Lorenzo told the official MotoGP website . "  I am the rider with the most victories in 2013 and that 's very important . " added the Spaniard , who was wrapping up his 51st career victory and seventh of the season . Marquez , who was disqualified in the previous round in Australia for delaying a mandatory tire change , will be looking to seal the title in his debut season , but had to settle for second in Honda 's home race . "  I felt I was too much on the limit and I said ` Ok , I 'll take 20 points for the championship , " he said . The race was run off in dry conditions at Motegi after rain and fog had hit practice and qualifying , but Lorenzo was dominant from the start although teammate Valentino Rossi dropped back after early mistakes . Italian legend Rossi fought back to finish sixth with Alavaro Bautista and Stefan Bradl ahead of him in fourth and fifth . Marquez , just 20 , will go into the race in Spain needing to finish fourth or better to become the youngest winner of motorcycling 's premier class . He finished just over three seconds behind Lorenzo , shaking off a nasty crash in morning practice which he blamed on a cold tire and change of track temperature .	Jorge Lorenzo wins Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi Cuts gap on title leader Marc Marquez to 13 points Championship will be decided in final round in Valencia Marquez bidding to become youngest MotoGP champion
Last November , avid biker Leon Shaner found himself pushing harder than usual to keep up with a new friend . The two were locked in a fierce month-long competition to bike at least 1,000 miles . They rode at the same time , trading small talk and stats after each ride , and urged each other on . Shaner said that because of the close competition , he doubled the number of miles he would normally have biked in a month . The biking , sweat and pain were all real . But the race itself was virtual . The conversations were on Twitter , the rides tracked by an iPhone app . The friend , someone Shaner had never met , lives halfway around the world in Japan . Welcome to the new world of fitness-tracking technology . The tech has taken off over the past few years , led by small wearable pedometers like the FitBit and Nike Fuel Band , and apps that use the GPS and accelerometers in smartphones , like RunKeeper and Endomondo . On their own , these tools can be helpful for anyone trying to get into shape . They collect all manner of data , tracking workouts so people can set goals and self-monitor their progress along the way . That 's an important factor in changing any behavior , according to sports psychologists . But newer social features are turning the gadgets into even more powerful motivation tools . People are connecting with friends on the apps and embracing official and unofficial ways of swapping encouraging messages and trash talk , comparing workout stats , and using peer pressure and the need for approval to push each other to work out more and meet their goals . People who have friends on RunKeeper , even just one , are two to three times more active than people who use the app solo , according to CEO Jason Jacobs . FitBit says its users who use the social features on FitBit also tend to be more active . Working out for approval What is it about friends that makes us work out a little harder ? When deciding how to add social features , many of the app and device makers were influenced by the research of Stanford professor BJ Fogg , who studies behavioral motivation . Fogg said social features on fitness devices play three roles : They motivate people ; the various interactions act as triggers for action ; and sharing information and tips can increase ability . Almost all fitness tracking tools now let you share your workout through the apps or on social media sites so people can see that you just finished a workout . Some even let them track you during the workout or , for example , a big race . You 've probably noticed some of these in your Twitter or Facebook feed . They might seem like a brag at first  even if they did trigger you to do some cardio  . But publicly sharing workouts has real benefits , especially for people who are just getting into shape and are trying to stick to new behaviors . "  People tend to continue exercise if they feel it 's approved by other people who are meaningful to them , " said sports psychologist Jen Gapin . Even light positive feedback can be a motivator , such as a simple "  Like " on Facebook , "  Cheer " on FitBit or a "  Healthy " vote on RunKeeper , which is the app 's equivalent of a like . The RunKeeper app has a leaderboard that lets you compare your activity levels over the past month to your friends who also use the app . If one of your less motivated friends has been inactive for over 30 days , a shaming couch icon appears to the left of their name and a megaphone button to the right . The megaphone lets you send a message to your less-active friend telling them to go for a walk , run or bike ride -- but you can only bully them once ever seven days . FitBit also has a leaderboard but does n't currently allow messaging through the mobile apps , though you can tweet out your progress . On the FitBit website , friends can communicate with short messages or send each other a "  Cheer " or "  Taunt . " "  They tend to send more cheers than they do taunts , so it does tilt towards positive encouragement , " said Nichiketa Choudary a senior product manager at FitBit . "  At the same time we have some very interesting trash talk , more so on the playful side . " ` There 's no gunshot start ' Built-in social features are still in their infancy for many trackers , but the people using them are finding creative ways to communicate with friends . Knowing that people are rooting for him keeps Dan Gillis running . He 'll post details about a run on Facebook and Twitter . And he 'll share it live as on the RunKeeper app , where his friends can see stats like a map of the route he ran and his pace . He pops in his headphones and turns on the accessibility option in his iPhone so that any supportive texts and tweets he gets are read aloud while he 's running . Caleb Canal posts screenshots of graphs showing his cycling , running and walking activities to Instagram , as well as photos from workouts . Sharing small victories and receiving virtual pats on the back on social networks was especially welcome when Canal first started doing training runs for a marathon in 2010 -- losing 60 pounds in the process . "  Without a social fitness-tracking website like RunKeeper , no one would usually take notice of that run , " he said . "  There 's no gunshot start , no water stops , no cheering crowds , and no finish line , unless it 's your own driveway . " Amara Poolswasdi sometimes checks encouraging messages on her phone while she 's doing long-distance running , which she says keep her motivated -- "  especially when things get rough . " She started running as a challenge to herself to get in shape for a 5k and , nine months later , she completed her first marathon . She tracked her running stats and posted them to her public blog as well as social media . People using mobile apps that do n't have options for messaging , like FitBit , will take screenshots of their leaderboard and share with the friends they 're competing with on Twitter or over text message . In many of these cases it 's for bragging rights and a bit of light smack talk . "  Support in the form of a challenge always motivates me more than a typical ` Good Job ' or ` You Killed that Ride , ' " said cyclist Steve Ford , who recently completed his first triathlon . Not just about motivation Even when they 're trading insults , friends can provide valuable information on how to improve techniques and workouts . People who live in the same area can see the best biking or jogging routes suggested by other people . Fitness tracking tools that let you connect with strangers are a good way to pair up with people who are at a similar fitness level . "  One way that people gain self-confidence is when they see other people of similar ability doing things , " said Gapin . "  It helps people improve adherence to exercise . " In addition to messaging and Twitter , many people on these networks are trading tips and giving each other guidance on message boards . "  Change is n't just about motivation , " said Fogg . "  As important is helping people learn ` how to ' and increasing their ability . "	People who connect with friends on fitness tracking tools tend to be more active Tightly knit , supportive communities have popped up for apps like RunKeeper and tools like FitBit Connections help remind people to work out and keep them motivated
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will hear the case of a frequent flier labeled a frequent complainer by one airline . Rabbi Binyomin Ginsberg claims his WorldPerks Platinum Elite membership was revoked after being told he had "  abused " his privileges , repeatedly filing complaints for upgrades and other benefits . Northwest Airlines , which was consumed by Delta Air Lines in a 2008 merger , said it had "  sole judgment " over the program 's general terms and conditions to make such determinations . At issue is whether Ginsberg has a right under state law to bring his case or whether it is preempted by the 1970s-era law that deregulated the airline industry . That law prohibits parties from bringing similar state claims against airlines relating to a "  price , route , or service " of the carrier . Ginsberg is dean of Torah Academy in Minneapolis and travels frequently to lecture and teach . He joined Northwest 's WorldPerks frequent flier program in 1999 and reached Platinum Elite status in 2005 . But in June of 2008 , Ginsberg claimed a Northwest representative called him and told him his status was being revoked on grounds that he "  abused " the program , according to court papers . Ginsberg said the airline also took away the hundreds of thousands of miles accumulated in his account . "  It did n't make sense . Initially , when they contacted me on the phone I thought it was a prank call , " Ginsberg told CNN . "  When I pushed for a reason and clarification , they told me it was because I was complaining too much . " A month after that call , Northwest sent the rabbi a letter noting that he had made 24 complaints in the past eight months , including nine incidents of his bag arriving late at the luggage carousel , according to court papers . "  You have continually asked for compensation over and above our guidelines . We have awarded you $ 1,925 in travel credit vouchers , 78,500 WorldPerks bonus miles , a voucher extension for your son , and $ 491 in cash reimbursements , " the letter said , according to court papers . "  Due to our past generosity , we must respectfully advise that we will no longer be awarding you compensation each time you contact us . " Ginsberg 's lawyers countered the rabbi and his wife had been averaging about 75 flights on Northwest each year , and that Ginsberg estimated that only about 10 percent of the trips had resulted in a call to Northwest 's customer care . "  I do n't think I was a frequent complainer , " Ginsberg said . "  They should have taken their time and analyzed : Were my complaints legitimate ? Should they be doing something to improve their service and quality of product ? Instead of worrying , we 've got to shut up somebody who is complaining too much . " Later that fall , Northwest sent Ginsberg an e-mail , in which the airline quoted a paragraph from the fine print of the WorldPerks Program . It stated that Northwest could determine "  in its sole judgment " whether a passenger has abused the program , and that abuse "  may result in cancellation of the member 's account and future disqualification from program participation , forfeiture of all mileage accrued and cancellation of previously issued but unused awards . " Ginsberg sued for $ 5 million over a breach of contract in January 2009 , but a federal judge in San Diego dismissed the class action suit , agreeing with Northwest that the Airline Deregulation Act preempted his claim . The airline 's lawyers also argued that the WorldPerks general terms and conditions did not require Northwest to provide frequent fliers with lengthy explanations or reasons for its decision to terminate or demote a member 's status in the program . But in 2011 , a federal appeals court in San Francisco reversed , ordered it to reconsider Ginsberg 's class action claims . It said that when Congress passed the deregulation law , it did not intend to "  immunize the airline industry from liability for common law contract claims . " There was no immediate comment from Delta to the high court accepting its appeal . Ginsberg -- who is still a frequent flier , but is no longer loyal to any one airline -- said he is hoping to get his miles back , have his status reinstated , and get fair compensation for what he 's gone through . "  To me , it 's outright fraud . You ca n't take somebody 's mileage away when they 've accumulated it , " he said . "  We live in a country that was built on freedom and this to me is a tremendous abuse of freedom . " The case is Northwest , Inc. v. Ginsberg  12-462  . CNN 's A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .	Minnesota rabbi was a frequent flier on Northwest Airlines Carrier said he logged too many complaints and dropped his loyalty account Court to hear jurisdictional issue stemming from law that deregulated airlines
CNN  -- China is continuing to speak out against a multibillion-dollar U.S. arms sale to Taiwan , with the Chinese foreign minister telling U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Monday that the Obama administration should reconsider the deal . Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi met with Clinton in New York , where the United Nations General Assembly is in session , according to a senior State Department official who spoke on background . Yang "  was making very serious representations to Secretary Clinton , asked the Obama administration to reconsider this decision and indicated that it would harm the trust and confidence that was established between the two sides , " the official said . Chinese officials "  have indicated that they 're going to suspend or to cancel or postpone a series of ... military-to-military engagements , " the official said . Clinton "  responded very clearly " that the United States has a strategic interest in stability in the region , and that the Taiwan Relations Act "  provides for a strong rationale for the provision of defensive capabilities and weapons to Taiwan as part of a larger context to preserve that peace and stability , " the official said . Clinton also told Yang that the United States supports improved relations between mainland China and Taiwan . The $ 5.3 billion arms package includes upgrades to Taiwan 's F-16 fighter fleet , a five-year extension of F-16 pilot training at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona and spare parts for the upkeep of three different planes currently in use by the Taiwanese , according to the State Department . The deal is part of the U.S. Foreign Military Sales program . China voiced strong opposition to the deal when it was announced last week , with the state-run Xinhua news agency quoting China 's vice foreign minister , Zhang Zhijun , as saying , "  The wrongdoing by the U.S. side will inevitably undermine bilateral relations as well as exchanges and cooperation in military and security areas . " China regards Taiwan as a renegade province . Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China , until a Communist uprising proved victorious in 1949 . The Taiwan Strait separates the mainland from the island . In 1979 , the United States carried out its "  one China " policy by switching diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing . But the Taiwan Relations Act obligates the United States to help defend the island if needed . The United States also is Taiwan 's main arms supplier . Beijing broke off military contacts with Washington last year to protest another arms sale to Taiwan . The sale included more than $ 6 billion in Patriot missiles , Black Hawk helicopters and communications equipment , which Taiwan said it needed for self-defense .	Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi meets with Secretary of State Clinton in New York Yang calls on the U.S. to reconsider an arms sale to Taiwan The $ 5.3 billion package includes upgrades to Taiwan 's F-16 fighers China voiced strong opposition to the deal when it was announced last week
Apple 's iPhone 5 broke records over the weekend , selling more than 5 million units . Most of those new owners , many of whom lined up at Apple stores and other retailers , are presumably happy with their new gadget , which has been praised for its bigger display screen , lighter and thinner form , and faster processor . But , as with many new tech products , there have been glitches , too . As the new iPhones get road-tested , buyers have taken to the Web to complain about issues ranging from the fixable to the unfortunately final . The doozy has been a spotty maps application . For the first time , Apple 's latest operating system replaced rival Google 's mapping service with its own . As many people got their first look at it with a new phone , they 've found huge chunks of the world missing , or locations showing up in the wrong place .  Apple said the app is a work in progress and will be fixed . Plenty has been written about that issue . But other gripes have emerged as well . Some sound legitimate . And , given the hyper-intense nature of the tech world 's "  love-hate " relationship with their gadgets , a couple just sound downright silly . After a few days of putting the new smartphone through its paces , here are five gripes people have with the iPhone 5 . Google : No plans ` yet ' for iOS 6 mapping app 1 . Scratches Apple prides itself on making products that are n't just functional but beautiful as well . But users are reporting that after having their iPhone 5s for only days , or even hours , the sheen on the sleek , aluminum phone is getting scratched up . Melissa Jenna Godsey at iFixIt.com posted a YouTube video of her 2-year-old daughter hitting and scratching the phone 's aluminum rear case with a set of keys , creating visible scratches and dents . Similar scuffing of the iPhone 4S revealed little , if any , damage . "  I know this is kind of an extreme case , but she 's not the strongest two-year-old , " Godsey said . "  And this all just happened , so I can only imagine what this is going to look like after a couple of weeks of solid use . " Answering an e-mail from a user , Phil Schiller , Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing , downplayed the issue . "  Any aluminum product may scratch or chip with use , exposing its natural silver color , " Schiller said in the e-mail , reported and verified by Apple-centric blog 9to5 Mac . "  That is normal . " Translated on Twitter by PC Mag writer Sascha Segan : "  Apple : iPhones Are n't Chipping , They 're Just Shedding Their Skins To Become Beautiful Butterflies . " 2 . Lightning dock connector The tech world is nothing if not full of change . But many longtime Apple users are irked at the company 's decision to use a smaller connector port , called Lightning , on the iPhone 5 and new iPods . With one fell swoop , that meant both a need for new power cords and that the new products wo n't connect with older speaker systems , alarm clocks and other accessories . The fix ? A $ 29 adapter  which costs $ 39 if you want a new cable with it  . And even then , the adapter does n't support video or the "  iPod out " function for transmitting some data from the devices . "  Day 3 of having the new iPhone and I already lost the power cord #thanksapple , " wrote one Twitter user . "  It 's time to gouge our customers for a ton more money , " Disqus commenter dawsg4ever quipped . A Lightning-to-USB cable costs $ 19 and , according to Apple 's website , currently has a one - to two-week wait time to be shipped . 3 . The phone 's too light We told you some of these are kind of weird . One of Apple 's selling points for the new phone is that it 's the lightest smartphone ever . One of the emerging complaints ? That it 's the lightest smartphone ever . To some users , a phone without the usual heft feels suspiciously cheap , toylike . Gizmodo rounded up some of the gripes under the headline , "  The Weirdest Thing People Hate About the iPhone 5 . " Those , culled from Twitter , included these nuggets :  "  Can I be honest and say I wish the iPhone 5 was slightly thicker and heavier . Hate thin phones ! "  "  Held the iPhone 5 . Way too light for this spazz-attack . I need a heavier phone so I do n't completely destroy it . "  "  This new iPhone is way too light . I feel like its gon na just fly outta my hand with the slightest breeze #firstworldproblems " Should you upgrade to the iPhone 5 ? 4 . Screen issues OK ... there are 5 million new phones in the wild now , so inevitably there are going to be some lemons . It 's hard to know how widespread it is , but a handful of problems with the phone 's touchscreen are bubbling up , too . One YouTube video shows what appear to be weird bubbles showing up on one part of the display screen when the user touches another . Threads on the Macrumors site also were filling up with people who said their screens started flickering just hours after getting their new phone . 5 . Leaking light Phones are n't supposed to leak . But users on multiple forums are reporting that light from the screen appears to be showing through gaps around the iPhone 5 's antenna and power button . Boy Genius Report said it 's happening on one of its phones and shows light streaming out of a small crack beneath the power button . The report said the leak is only visible in low light . Users said Apple has been offering replacements . 5 big changes in iOS 6	The iPhone 5 has sold more than 5 million units , but some users have gripes The top complaint has been about a spotty maps app that replaced Google Maps A video shows the aluminum casing scratching easily Light leaks have also been reported
Washington  CNN  -- So just why is 1999 suddenly such a flashpoint in Campaign 2012 ? Team Obama says 1999 is the birth year of "  The Big Bain Lie " and goes on to suggest that Mitt Romney might have committed a felony . That provoked a rare statement from Romney campaign manager Matt Rhoades , who called on President Barack Obama to apologize for "  the out of control behavior of his staff , which demeans the office that he holds . " Pointed rhetoric aside , just what is the 1999 debate about and why is it potentially significant in the Obama versus Romney race ? Fortune : Documents -- Romney did n't manage Bain funds At issue is whether Romney , the former governor of Massachusetts , is telling the truth when he says he had no role in investment and operations decisions at Bain Capital once he left in February 1999 to take over the Salt Lake City Olympic Games . Talking Points Memo this week questioned Romney 's claim by citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings listing Romney as Bain 's top officer after 1999 . The Boston Globe on Thursday carried a similar account -- and that was seized upon by Team Obama . "  Either Mitt Romney , through his own words and his own signature , was misrepresenting his position at Bain to the SEC , which is a felony , or he was misrepresenting his position at Bain to the American people to avoid responsibility for some of the consequences of his investments , " Stephanie Cutter , deputy Obama campaign manager , said on a campaign conference call . Remember that last part of Cutter 's statement -- about responsibility for "  his " investments . But first , is there anything other than the SEC filings to suggest a hands-on Romney role at Bain post-February 1999 ? No is the word from four sources who communicated with CNN on Thursday -- all of whom have firsthand knowledge of Bain 's operations at the time in question . Three of the four are Democrats , and two of the four are active Obama supporters in Campaign 2012 . All four told me Romney is telling the truth . Only one , Bain Managing Director Steve Pagliuca , would talk on the record . The others spoke only on condition of anonymity , citing either Bain 's low-key culture or the desire not to anger friends in the Obama campaign . Pagliuca , a Democrat who unsuccessfully ran for Senate in 2010 , told CNN : "  Mitt Romney left Bain Capital in February 1999 to run the Olympics and has had absolutely no involvement with the management or investment activities of the firm or with any of its portfolio companies since the day of his departure . " In explaining the SEC documents filed in 2000 and 2001 , Pagliuca said , "  Due to the sudden nature of Mr. Romney 's departure , he remained the sole stockholder for a time while formal ownership was being documented and transferred to the group of partners who took over management of the firm in 1999 . Accordingly , Mr. Romney was reported in various capacities on SEC filings during this period . " Another Bain Democrat who did not want to be identified by name said Romney had no role after taking the Olympics post "  Nothing . Nothing . Nothing . He was just gone . And it happened very suddenly . ... After that , he was not on calls or writing memos . He was gone . " To be clear , all four of the sources voiced professional loyalty and personal respect for Romney . And all four have a vested interest in defending the work of Bain . But they were consistent in describing Romney 's departure as abrupt and in saying they could not recall him around the office in the months that followed . Two highly reputable arbiters of political debate -- The Washington Post 's fact-checking arm and FactCheck.org -- also on Thursday stood by their earlier findings that Romney stepped away from any active role at Bain when he accepted the Olympics post . And Fortune reported that it obtained private Bain documents that support the Romney account . But the Obama campaign and its liberal allies continue to hang their claim on the SEC filings . Why so important for them to try to stretch the calendar of Romney 's Bain tenure ? For starters , just suggesting Romney is n't telling the truth fits the arc of recent Obama character attacks on the Republican hopeful , including questions about why he wo n't release more of his tax records . More significant , though , is that Cutter statement about responsibility for "  his " investments . Liberal blogs were quick to list Bain-tied companies that lost jobs in late 1999 and beyond -- and just as quick to suggest it is now fair game to blame Romney . And inside both Bain and the Romney campaign , there is a strong belief that either the Obama campaign or a Democratic ally wants to use another Bain investment against Romney late in the campaign but can not do so with any credibility under the February 1999 departure scenario . The investment in question : Stericycle , a medical waste company that , among other things , disposed of aborted fetuses . How could the Stericycle investment be used against Romney ? Bain 's involvement in a company that disposed of aborted fetuses could make a powerful final week direct mail piece or attack ad on Christian radio . And in a close election , turnout of the religious right is one of the keys to a Romney victory in November . Bain negotiated the Stericyle investment deal in November 1999 , nine months after Romney said he left . Bain 's investors pour money into numbered investment pools . Several sources said that Fund VII was the main investment vehicle at that time . "  You do n't see his name anywhere -- in the meetings list , the investor documents , the manager paperwork -- it would have to be there if he was involved in any way , " one current Bain officer said of Romney and Fund VII . "  He was long gone then . "	Obama campaign says Romney lying about involvement with Bain after he left Romney campaign chief says Obama should apologize for "  out of control " campaign Four sources -- three of them Democrats -- support Romney side of dispute Obama campaign wants to tie story to other attacks on Romney 's character
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For the first time , and for a limited period only , people in North America will be able to get their hands on the XO , MIT professor Nicholas Negroponte 's rugged little laptop that 's designed specifically for children . Children in Cambodia using XO computers . The XO was designed for children in developing countries . And for each cutting-edge XO purchased in the West , another will be given to a child in a developing country . The "  Give One Get One " scheme , which launches Monday , is part of the One Laptop Per Child  OLPC  project to equip the world 's poorest children with a learning tool . For $ 399 , customers can order a laptop for themselves ; bundled into the price is the cost of delivering a second XO to a child a poor country . The laptops , which went into high-volume production on 6 November , go on sale online at 6 a.m. Eastern Time Monday until November 26 . Founder of OLPC , MIT professor Nicholas Negroponte told CNN that the launch of the scheme was exhilarating . "  It must be like a runner 's high , " he said . "  A lot of muscles hurt . Many people thought we would not get to the finish line . " Negroponte is convinced that providing children in poor countries with computers is a cost-effective and empowering route into self-learning . In January 2005 , he unveiled One Laptop Per Child , with the aim of building a $ 100 laptop and supplying it in bulk to developing countries . OLPC has come under fire from some quarters for failing to make the laptop as cheap as promised , and some , including Dell CEO Michael Dell , have dismissed Negroponte 's $ 100 aim as unrealistic . But while the cost of the laptops is currently around the $ 180 mark , Negroponte remains determined that his $ 100 machine is attainable once mass production kicks in . The rugged , green-and-white XO is made by Taiwanese company Quanta Computer Inc. , the world 's largest laptop manufacturer and maker of laptops for Apple , HP and Dell amongst others . Quanta will build 40,000 units in the first month , then ramp up production to 80,000 in December and 120,000 in January . The XO uses open-source software and has long battery life , a built-in camera , mesh networking and a simple user interface . It features a screen that 's clearly visible even in bright sunlight , uses a tenth of the power of a conventional laptop and can be recharged by hand when mains electricity is n't available . While the laptop was designed to appeal to children , with its tough exterior , bright colors , touchpad and cute bunny-ear antennae , Negroponte told CNN that expressions of interest in the XO have so far come from a wide range of potential buyers -- and geek blogs are buzzing with anticipation of its release . Some have questioned whether laptops are the answer to the developing world 's problems . But in countries where education is patchy in quality and provision , Negroponte sees the computer as an educational lifeline that could open up opportunities for children to learn independently . "  It is a window of hope , " he says . "  Education is at the root of eliminating poverty . " Negroponte has admitted that firm orders from developing countries have not always followed their verbal expressions of interest . "  I have to some degree underestimated the difference between shaking the hand of a head of state and having a check written , " he told the New York Times in September . "  And yes , it has been a disappointment . " But Negroponte hopes that the Give One Get One scheme will kick-start more bulk orders for his little green machines . "  It is like an avalanche , " he told CNN . "  Not much snow needs to slide before a huge avalanche is created . We hope Give One Get One will be like the first pieces of snow . " It 's the G1G1 link between a child in North America and a child in a developing country that Negroponte hopes will sway people to purchase an XO . "  In the Give One Get One program , the likely recipient in the developed world is a child , " he explained . "  For that child to be using the same laptop as a kid in Africa is especially meaningful . " Customers wanting their XOs for the holiday season have been advised to order early : the first 20,000 units should be delivered by Christmas , with their partner computers heading to Peru and Uruguay . Later orders will follow in 2008 . And Negroponte 's message to those considering it as a gift this year ? "  Do n't hesitate . Do n't buy it because it is an inexpensive laptop , " he told CNN . "  Buy it to join a movement to change the world . " ... . Are you putting in an order for an XO ? Can laptops fill the education gap in developing countries ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum . For more information on the XO , and to order online , visit laptopgiving.org . E-mail to a friend	One Laptop Per Child launches the Give 1 , Get 1 scheme For the first time , people can get their hands on rugged , green XO When North Americans buy a laptop , a second gets sent to a child in a poor country Scheme is run by Nicholas Negroponte , founder of MIT Media Lab
CNN  -- Jorge Munoz , a former CNN Hero who distributes free home-cooked meals to needy people in New York , was honored by President Obama on Wednesday . Munoz was one of 13 everyday Americans who received the Presidential Citizens Medal , the second-highest civilian honor , behind the Medal of Freedom . Awarded at the sole discretion of the president , the Citizens Medal recognizes those who have performed exemplary deeds of service for their country or fellow citizens . "  What unites these citizens -- what makes them special -- is the determination they share to find a wrong and right it ; to see a need and meet it ; to recognize when others are suffering and take it upon themselves to make a difference , " Obama said . "  These honorees ' lives stand as shining examples of what it means to be an American . And today , we have an opportunity to tell their stories ; to say thank you ; and to offer them a small token of our appreciation . " This year 's recipients come from across the country . Munoz , a school bus driver in New York , was a CNN Hero in 2009 . Every day for the past six years , Munoz has been preparing and distributing free meals under an elevated train in Jackson Heights , Queens . His clientele includes the homeless and the unemployed . "  When I see these guys on the street , " Munoz said last year , "  it 's like seeing me 20-something years ago when I came to this country . " Munoz , born in Colombia , became a legal U.S. resident in 1987 and later became a citizen along with his mother and sister . "  Jorge Munoz recognizes that we all have a stake in one another , " the White House said . "  By giving his time , energy and resources to feeding the hungry , he has demonstrated the enduring American values of sacrifice and kindness . " Past recipients of the Citizens Medal include sporting legends Hank Aaron and Muhammad Ali , musicians Aretha Franklin and B.B. King , actresses Elizabeth Taylor and Carol Burnett , and politicians Bob Dole and Strom Thurmond . Receiving a 2010 Citizens Medal with Munoz are Roberta Diaz Brinton of Los Angeles , California ; Daisy M. Brooks of Chicago , Illinois ; Betty Kwan Chinn of Eureka , California ; Cynthia M. Church of Wilmington , Delaware ; Susan Retik Ger of Needham , Massachusetts ; Mary K. Hoodhood of Grand Rapids , Michigan ; Kimberly McGuiness of Cave Spring , Georgia ; Lisa Nigro of Chicago , Illinois ; MaryAnn Phillips of Star Valley Ranch , Wyoming ; Elizabeth Cushman Titus Putnam of Shaftsbury , Vermont ; Myrtle Faye Rumph of Inglewood , California ; and George J. Weiss Jr. of Marine , Minnesota .	President Obama awards Presidential Citizens Medal to 13 Americans dedicated to service The Citizens Medal is the second-highest civilian award behind the Medal of Freedom One of the 13 recipients is Jorge Munoz , a former CNN Hero who delivers free food to needy
Longmont , Colorado  CNN  -- Food and water are running low in some of the Colorado communities cut off by epic flooding , but well-organized residents are holding their own while awaiting rescue , officials said Monday . "  Within the communities , all of these people are helping one another out , " deputy incident commander Chuck Russell told reporters in Larimer County . "  They 're being very resourceful . " Helicopters from the U.S. Army and Colorado and Wyoming National Guards took to the air Monday morning , fanning out across the region to rescue people stranded across hundreds of square miles of Colorado flooded when intense rainfall last week pushed streams out of their banks and sent walls of water crashing down mountain canyons . "  Our birds are up and flying , " the Wyoming National Guard tweeted . "  If  you 're  in trouble , we will find you ! We will get you to safety ! " Among those cut off were 15 Colorado National Guard members and other emergency workers stranded Sunday when rising floodwater forced them to abandon efforts to evacuate residents from flooded areas near Lyons , a National Guard spokeswoman said . U.S. Army helicopters rescued the civilian evacuees and some of the National Guard troops and emergency workers , Colorado Air National Guard Master Sgt. Cheresa Theiral said . A local family offered shelter to the stranded Guard members Sunday night , and on Monday the Guard rescuers went back to work with a door-to-door evacuation of some 18 houses in the area , according to Guard Lt. James Goff . Goff added that on Sunday , more than 90 residents in Boulder County were rescued by Guard members . While rescue flights resumed Monday , hundreds of civilians stranded by the flooding face a similar plight -- and a potentially long wait with so many needing to be rescued . More than 1,000 people in Larimer County alone were cut off and in need of rescue , officials said Monday . If they remain cut off by ground and military crews ca n't find a way to land helicopters for rescues , authorities will drop food and water to keep people going until rescues are possible , Russell said . More than 600 people remained unaccounted for in Boulder and Larimer counties alone , officials said Monday . More than 1,200 had been reported unaccounted statewide as of Sunday night . But while authorities said the presumed death toll of six could rise , most of the people on the unaccounted list are likely alive and well but have failed to check in with authorities to let them know , officials said Monday . Lessons from Vermont 's epic flood Huge rescue effort Despite bad weather that kept helicopters grounded much of the weekend , crews from the Colorado and Wyoming National Guards and U.S. Army had used helicopters to rescue more than 700 people as of Saturday night , a National Guard official said . More than 2,100 people and more than 500 pets had been rescued by air and ground as of late Sunday , according to the National Guard . Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate said Monday that FEMA teams were on the ground in Colorado to provide emergency assistance . "  We 've already had 3,000 families register " since Sunday for FEMA aid , Fugate said , emphasizing that federal assistance will be granted based on need . The air efforts may be the largest such evacuation in the country since Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , National Guard Lt. Col. Mitch Utterback said Saturday . In some cases , pilots had been flying night missions using night-vision goggles to rescue people , he said . Among the rescues : Saturday 's recovery of 78 children who got stranded while on a field trip . "  The helicopters -- those were the best , " said 10-year-old Luca Voeller , one of the students on a field trip to a high-elevation camp when the flooding began . Colorado floods : Stories of grief , generosity and gratitude Death and destruction Eight people across the state have died , according to the Colorado Office of Emergency Management . Four of those deaths include a man and a woman , both 19 , who were swept away after leaving their car Thursday in Boulder County . Authorities said the woman left the car first , and the man jumped out to try to save her . Another body was found in a collapsed home in Jamestown in the same county . Rescuers recovered a fourth body on a roadway in Colorado Springs in El Paso County . Details were not given on all the deaths . Earlier Monday , CNN reported that there were two others presumed dead -- a 60-year-old woman and an 80-year-old woman , both in Larimer County . As of late Monday afternoon , it was unclear whether those people were indeed among those officially counted as fatalities by emergency management . The flooding has washed out or damaged dozens of roads , damaged nearly 18,000 homes and destroyed 1,500 homes , according to the state . Larimer County Sheriff 's Office Executive Officer Nick Christensen said Monday that 1,500 homes may have been destroyed in his county , but it was n't clear if that number was in addition to the state figure . He also said some 200 businesses may have been destroyed , with 500 damaged in what was a once-in-a-1 ,000 - years flood in some parts of Larimer County . Boulder County alone will need an estimated $ 150 million to repair 100 to 150 miles of roadway and 20 to 30 bridges , county transportation director George Gerstle said . The repair bill will be "  10 to 15 times our annual budget , " he said . Adding to what is already an unpleasant experience for thousands , residents who have been able to remain in their homes in some towns have been ordered to limit water use and to not flush toilets to avoid sewer backups and other problems . The latest town to issue such an order was Sterling on Monday . In Firestone , some residents were having to rely on bottled water after two of the city 's three water supply lines were destroyed in the flooding , a police department spokeswoman said . Boulder Mayor Matthew Appelbaum told CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday that the city will be dealing with the aftermath of flooding for years to come . "  There is a huge amount of damage and a huge amount of repair and a huge amount of cleanup around town that people will be dealing with for a long time , " he said . President Barack Obama signed a major disaster declaration for Colorado on Sunday and ordered federal aid to supplement state and local recovery efforts in Boulder County . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said he spoke by phone with U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx , who "  was adamant that the $ 5 million that was released Friday was just the beginning " of federal assistance . At a news conference Monday , Hickenlooper said efforts continued to be focused on "  search and recovery . " The situation is "  surreal , " CNN iReporter Erich Toll said . "  I have never seen anything like it , " Toll said Sunday . "  There are raging rivers in many places where there have never been rivers -- or even water -- before . There are huge swaths of boulder fields where there used to be parks . " Matthew O'Rourke , an iReporter , said he 's fearful of Coal Creek in Lafayette , which threatened to take out his business as it overflowed . "  The currents in the river -- they are impossible to describe how violent and diverse and angry they were and are right now , " he said Sunday . "  There is no way any human could survive if they were swept into this . " How to help Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; George Howell reported from Longmont . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Barbara Starr , Jareen Imam , AnneClaire Stapleton and David Simpson also contributed to this report .	NEW : State raises death toll by one , to a total of eight More than 3,000 families register for FEMA help , agency head says Some communities run low on food , water , officials say As many as 1,500 homes destroyed in one county , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- A new rule requiring airlines to include government taxes and fees in their advertised price is continuing to cause turbulence in the travel industry -- and a congressman said Monday he 'll introduce a bill to overturn it . Rep. Tom Graves , R-Georgia , said Monday he will introduce a bill to cancel the U.S. Department of Transportation rule , which took effect last week . The rule requires airlines to roll mandatory per-passenger taxes and fees into the advertised fare , but allows them to break down the costs elsewhere in the advertisement . Before the rule , airlines frequently advertised low base fares on online sites and added taxes and fees later in the shopping process . The DOT and some consumer advocates argued the airlines were hiding the true cost of air travel . But Graves and some airlines said the new rule allows the government to hide government taxes and fees . "  If the American people ca n't see these costs clearly , I fear it will be easier  for  these fees and taxes to be raised without their knowledge , " Graves said in a statement . "  If the goal of the DOT 's rule is to prevent companies from deceiving passengers about the total cost of their ticket , why is the department mandating that airlines hide the taxes , surcharges and government fees in the fine print ? " Graves said . "  Transparency and honesty in ticket pricing should apply across the board . " The clash between the DOT , the airlines , consumer groups and others has been loud and brash . Spirit Airlines has configured its website with a big "  Warning ! " pop-up sign . The message : "  New government regulations require us to HIDE taxes in your fares . This is not consumer friendly or in your best interest . It 's wrong and you should n't stand for it . " The DOT 's top lawyer responded with a letter calling the ad campaign "  misguided and disingenuous . " "  Contrary to its direct assertion that the rule requires airlines to hide the amount of government taxes and fees , the rule does not prevent carriers from disclosing the amount , type , and nature of government taxes and fees that are associated with air travel , " DOT General Counsel Robert Rivkin wrote . "  Carriers are free to describe the components of the full price , including government taxes , so long as the description is not deceptive , " he wrote . The move to introduce legislation was commended by Airlines for America , the trade organization that represents the major U.S. airlines . "  We support this effort to require DOT to return to its previous regulation , which does not artificially distort the base price of an airline ticket , and ensures that customers always know exactly how much they are paying in federal aviation taxes and fees before they decide to purchase , " said Steve Lott , vice president of communications for Airlines for America said in an e-mail . "  Federal taxes and fees now constitute $ 61 , or over 20 % , of the cost of a typical $ 300 domestic round-trip ticket , putting aviation at a higher tax rate than alcohol , beer , cigarettes and firearms . " CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	As of last week , airlines must highlight total fare , including fees and taxes The breakdown of fees and taxes can be shown elsewhere in an ad or online Georgia congressman says he 'll file a bill to cancel the DOT rule
CNN  -- West Virginia authorities announced Friday that thousands more water customers have been given the green light to resume using tap water after a spill that contaminated supplies and put water safety in the national spotlight . The end of the "  do not use " order for residents in the West Virginia communities of Eskdale , Leewood , Ohley and Elkview means more than 220,000 of the approximately 300,000 people originally affected by the incident have been cleared to resume using tap water . That number was further increased Friday afternoon , when all customers in the Kanawha Valley district were given the all-clear . That 's up from about 213,000 on Thursday . The chemical , 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , got into water supplies after it leaked out of a storage tank and poured into the Elk River near an intake for a West Virginia American Water Co. treatment plant . Officials detected the 7,000-gallon leak eight days ago , on January 9 . More than 7,000 gallons of the chemical , which is used to clean coal , leaked into the river , according to officials . Freedom Industries , the company that owns the property from which the leak originated , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Friday , said Matt Hayes , clerk for the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of West Virginia . Water officials say the amount of the chemical in the water has fallen to well under 1 part per million , the level deemed safe for consumption by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A later advisory suggested that pregnant women should continue to avoid drinking the water . But concern lingers among many affected by the spill , some of whom say they will not drink the water out of fear that scientists know too little about the long-term effects of the chemical , which is not routinely tested for in water supplies . "  If a pregnant woman ca n't drink this ... no , we 're not feeling safe here in West Virginia , " Charleston resident Jacqueline Bevan said Thursday . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Dana Garrett , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jean Casarez and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Freedom Industries files for bankruptcy protection "  Do not use " order lifted for thousands more West Virginia homes and businesses More than 220,000 West Virginians affected by the spill are now cleared to use water It 's been eight days since a chemical spill contaminated water supplies
CNN  -- Marcel Hirscher may have come away from Sochi without a Winter Olympics gold medal , but the Austrian has confirmed his reputation as the most consistent men 's skier on the World Cup circuit . The 25-year-old clinched his third successive overall title on Saturday at the season-ending meeting in Switzerland , finishing fourth in the giant slalom . It was enough to put him 131 points clear of closest rival Aksel Svindal Lund , who did not complete his first run . However , Hirscher was overhauled in the giant slalom standings by Olympic champion Ted Ligety , who came from 50 points back to win the discipline for the fifth season , this time on a countback of most wins after they finished level . "  I need some time to process everything that happened today , it was a crazy race , " said Hirscher , who was denied a double success when Germany 's Felix Neureuther clinched third place on the final run by just 0.01 seconds . "  I 'm really happy about the overall and am not really thinking about the GS cup at this point . The overall was my big goal this season and I could n't be happier that I was able to defend it . "  I have to thank my team , I might have not been the easiest to deal with sometimes during the season but they have supported me all along . " Hirscher , whose only medal at Sochi was silver in the slalom , has the chance to win the World Cup title in that event on Sunday -- he trails Neureuther by five points . Lund , who won the super-G and downhill titles , will not compete on Sunday in Lenzerheide . "  I am not as good now as I was earlier this winter and it 's something to look at and make sure it does n't happen next year . With the two speed titles I had a good season that could have been a great season , " said the Norwegian , who left Sochi early after failing to win a medal , citing allergy problems . Meanwhile , Olympic women 's slalom champion Mikaela Shiffrin capped her fine season by winning the World Cup globe as well on Saturday , retaining her title in the discipline . The American , who turned 19 on Thursday , claimed her fifth victory this season by a stunning 1.44 seconds to become the youngest woman to win it twice and the first from outside Europe . It put her sixth in the overall standings , where the title was sewn up by Anna Fenninger on Thursday when the Austrian finished second in the super-G . "  I guess my secret is not letting people tell me I ca n't do it , " Shiffrin said . "  Everybody thinks that this is impossible ; you ca n't win a race by 1.4 anymore . You ca n't win the Olympics at 18 . People say you ca n't a lot and I never listen to them . " Fenninger , who won gold in super-G at Sochi and silver in giant slalom , will seek to add another World Cup globe in the latter on Sunday . The 24-year-old is 14 points behind GS leader Jessica Lindell-Vikarby of Sweden .	Austrian skier Marcel Hirscher wins men 's overall World Cup title for third year in a row Hirscher is denied giant slalom globe after finishing fourth in Saturday 's final race Olympic champion Ted Ligety snatches GS title on countback after fifth win of season American teen Mikaela Shiffrin confirms women 's slalom dominance with victory
CNN  -- The Connecticut Senate on Thursday voted to repeal the death penalty , setting the stage for Connecticut to join several states that have recently abolished capital punishment . In the last five years , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York and Illinois have repealed the death penalty . California voters will decide the issue in November . The bill now goes to the House of Representatives , where it is also expected to pass . Gov. Dannel Malloy , a Democrat , has vowed to sign the measure into law should it reach his desk , his office said . "  For everyone , it 's a vote of conscience , " said Senate President Donald Williams Jr. , a Democrat who says he 's long supported a repeal . "  We have a majority of legislators in Connecticut in favor of this so that the energies of our criminal justice system can be focused in a more appropriate manner . " In 2009 , state lawmakers in both houses tried to pass a similar bill , but were ultimately blocked by then-Gov . Jodi Rell , a Republican . Capital punishment has existed in Connecticut since its colonial days . But the state was forced to review its death penalty laws beginning in 1972 when a Supreme Court decision required greater consistency in its application . A moratorium was then imposed until a 1976 court decision upheld the constitutionality of capital punishment . Since then , Connecticut juries have handed down 15 death sentences . Of those , only one person has actually been executed , according to the Death Penalty Information Center , a nonpartisan group that studies death penalty laws . Michael Ross , a convicted serial killer , was put to death by lethal injection in 2005 after giving up his appeals . "  It 's not a question of whether it 's morally wrong , it 's just that it is n't working , " said Richard Dieter , the group 's executive director . "  I think when you hear of 15 to 20 years of uncertain appeals , that 's not closure and that 's not justice . It 's a slow , grinding process . " Eleven people are currently on death row in Connecticut , including Steven Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky , who both were sentenced for their roles in the 2007 murders of the Petit family in Cheshire , Connecticut . The high-profile case drew national attention and sparked conversations about home security and capital punishment . In vetoing the measure to eliminate the death penalty in 2009 , Rell cited the Cheshire deaths . Dr. William Petit , the sole survivor in that attack , has remained a staunch critic of repeal efforts . "  We believe in the death penalty because we believe it is really the only true , just punishment for certain heinous and depraved murders , " Petit told CNN affiliate WFSB . Advocates of the existing law say capital punishment can act as a criminal deterrent and provides justice for victims . Opponents say capital punishment is often applied inconsistently , can be discriminatory and has not proven to be an effective deterrent . They also point to instances in which wrongful convictions have been overturned with new investigative methods , including forensic testing . "  Mistakes can be made and you may not know about it until science later exposes them , " said Dieter . But a recent Quinnipiac poll found that 62 % of Connecticut residents think abolishing the death penalty is "  a bad idea . " "  No doubt the gruesome Cheshire murders still affect public opinion regarding convicts on death row , " said Quinnipiac University Poll Director Douglas Schwartz . That number jumps to 66 % among Connecticut men , and drops to 58 % among the state 's women , according to the poll . The Senate 's proposed law is prospective in nature , meaning that it would not apply to those already sentenced to death . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WFSB .	The bill enjoys majority support in each chamber of the state legislature Gov. Dannel Malloy , a Democrat , has vowed to sign the measure into law If passed , Connecticut would be 5th state in 5 years to abolish capital punishment
RealSimple.com  -- My father spent his youth as a crossing guard , a Boy Scout , and a designated driver . I , on the other hand , squandered mine cutting gym class and hanging out at the mall . Back then , my father would deliver themed , Mike Brady -- style lectures  one recurring favorite was the Importance of Being Honest  , which I grudgingly tolerated and later dismissed . But as I 've gotten older , a funny thing has come to pass : I 've often found myself doing exactly what he told me to do , following even his most questionable advice -- like renting the movie "  Pink Cadillac . " Herewith , his greatest hits .  Caution : Some of these lessons may trigger flashbacks to your own father 's finest moments . RealSimple.com : Making positive changes in your life 1 . Hold hands while you hash it out . My folks have been married for 47 years . One of my father 's rules for a happy marriage is that if a nasty argument erupts , hold hands as you fight . You 'll feel goofy doing this , but here 's the thing : It works . Recently my husband , Tom , forgot to pay a few bills that were buried under a pile of clutter . I was incandescent with rage . So we interlaced our fingers while we talked it out , and I felt my blood pressure plummet and my endorphins flow in spite of myself . It 's impossible to scream at someone who is giving your hand a gentle squeeze . It just is . RealSimple.com : Secrets of staying  happily  married 2 . Pay attention to anyone who wears a tool belt ... My father is practical , thrifty  or , put more accurately , cheap  , and savvy about home improvements . He calls a repairman only as a last resort -- and when he does , he hovers around the guy and asks tons of questions . " Carefully observe anyone with a skill that you do n't have , " my father often said , "  and then you can take care of the fill-in-the-blank yourself . " He was right : After shadowing a handyman for an hour , I later fixed my own dishwasher , to the perpetual amazement of friends who call their super to change a lightbulb . RealSimple.com : Small , helpful gestures with big impact 3 . ... Or a uniform . It has always annoyed my dad that a waiter gets a 20 percent tip for serving a crme brle , while a hotel maid who disposes of used dental floss often winds up with bubkes . My father routinely told our sanitation men and the crew who cleaned his office that they were doing a good job and made sure to compensate them at holidays . As a child , I used to writhe with embarrassment when he did this . Now I do the same for the sanitation workers in my neighborhood . One guy once told me , with a catch in his voice , that in 10 years , it was the first time he had ever been thanked . 4 . You can never have enough baggies . Anything can be stored in a resealable plastic bag , according to my father . Shoelaces , maps , socks , meat . I used to mock his habit of bagging everything , but since then I 've seen the light . They 're miracle workers -- easy to stash , and you can spot their contents at a glance . RealSimple.com : Live your life on less Now , just like Dad , I have a special drawer just for these bags , which range from giant  for sweaters  to tiny  to squirrel away nuts in my purse  . When I 'm missing a size in my lineup , I get tense . 5 . You ca n't go wrong with Clint . Dad says if you are at Blockbuster and are unable to decide what to rent , get a Clint Eastwood movie . Even the bad ones , he contends , are superior to most other films . Even "  Every Which Way but Loose . " Even "  The Gauntlet "  look it up  . Now , when I 'm overwhelmed by racks of DVDs , I simply look for Clint 's scowling face . RealSimple.com : Keep mind and body in top condition 6 . Do n't belittle the annual sack race . When my sisters and I hit adolescence , my father doggedly upheld our many family traditions , despite a tsunami of scorn . "  They do n't mean anything to you kids now , " he 'd tell us , "  but one day you 'll invest in them yourselves . " Have we ever . Every Fourth of July , we have a sack race , and I just introduced a new tradition last Christmas . After dinner , I passed out lottery tickets and coins . Soon , all you could hear was an industrious scritch-scratch . And my father was beaming . 7 . For Pete 's sake , stop worrying . Dad , like many guys of his generation , is a doer , not a talker . Just "  fix it , " he tells himself , no matter how intractable the problem seems . His swift and decisive action used to strike me , a champion ditherer , as impulsive , but I 've come to realize that consulting your gut leads to better decisions than exhaustive  and exhausting  deliberation . Now when I 'm stymied , I say this phrase , and the answer comes . 8 . Carry a hankie . Years ago , my parents and I were visiting a museum . I had a cold . My father handed me a fresh hankie and told me to keep it in my purse . And so I have . Tissues disintegrate , but not this sturdy cloth . Restroom dryer on the fritz ? Handkerchief ! Want to wrap a cookie to go ? Handkerchief ! 9 . No one 's smarter than you . Long ago , if I was in a group and the conversation strayed to an unfamiliar topic , I 'd keep silent . Dad urged me to say , "  I do n't understand . Can you explain what you 're talking about ? " Asking questions makes you sound smart , he said , and confident to boot . RealSimple.com : 10 biz strategies to organize family life At a recent gathering , somebody mentioned the Mauritius Continental Shelf . Silence . Then I asked , "  What 's that ? " And all the former Ivy Leaguers around me exhaled and admitted they did n't know what the hell it was , either . 10 . You will want kids . My father always encouraged me to have a baby . I used to tell him that it was n't for everyone , but he shot back , "  I know you , and you would love it . " True enough : Tom and I became parents recently , and that little girl is the joy of my life . I can not wait to impart my own pearls of wisdom to her , such as the infinite uses for twist ties or the Importance of Being Honest  sound familiar ?  . And since she 's a lot like me , she 'll probably roll her eyes and grumble -- and listen to every word . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Her dad 's advice annoyed daugher when she was growing up Pay attention to anyone wearing a toolbelt -- what you learn can save you money During heated arguments with spouse , hold hands to help keep screaming under control When in doubt about a movie to rent , you ca n't go wrong with Clint Eastwood
New York  CNN  -- A New York police detective was among four bikers who pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges in connection with the beating -- caught on video -- of an SUV driver in September . Wojceich Braszczok is charged with gang assault , criminal mischief , riot and more in the 14-count indictment related to the September 29 altercation with SUV driver Alexander Lien . Braszczok was off duty at the time . Footage of the incident recorded from another biker 's helmet camera went viral after it was posted online . Authorities say Lien was chased by bikers after he initially bumped one during a biker rally . When his Range Rover was surrounded by several bikers , Lien called 911 , told police he feared for his life and drove off , running over bikers and critically injuring one . Lien 's wife and 2-year-old daughter were in the vehicle with him . The chase that followed ended in traffic . Police say Lien 's windows were smashed , he was dragged out of the SUV and beaten . He was treated and released from a hospital . He has not been charged . Prosecutors say Braszczok is on video allegedly using his fist to bash in the rear window of Lien 's SUV and kick it . His attorney , John Arlia , declined to comment on the case Wednesday . Also entering not guilty pleas Wednesday : -- Clint Caldwell , charged with felony first-degree gang assault . Prosecutors have said Caldwell opened the door to Lien 's SUV and appeared to assault him . -- James Kuehne , a 31-year-old Brooklyn resident , who faces charges of gang assault , criminal mischief and criminal possession of a weapon . -- Kaliq Douglas , charged with felony gang assault . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Wojceich Braszczok is one of several bikers charged in the September incident He was among four who pleaded not guilty Wednesday The incident was recorded on a biker 's helmet , and video went viral
It did n't take long Monday for speculation to ramp up online over the timing of the Boston Marathon bombings , which came on Patriots Day , a Masschusetts state holiday commemorating the opening battles of the American Revolutionary War . The American uprising against the British in Lexington , Massachusetts , was on April 19 , 1775 , but Patriots Day is celebrated in Massachusetts and Maine on the third Monday in April , falling this year on April 15 . "  It 's a day that celebrates the free and fiercely independent spirit that this great American city of Boston has reflected from the earliest days of our nation , " President Obama said Monday , a few hours after a pair of bombs rocked the finish line of the Boston Marathon , killing at least three and injuring dozens more . For many New Englanders , it is a day of pride that comes with historical re-enactments , the Boston Marathon , baseball and a day off for schools and government employees . It 's now a day that will go down in history along with other violent U.S. incidents in April , including the 1993 FBI siege of David Koresh 's compound in Waco , Texas , the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing , a mass shooting at Columbine High School in 1999 and the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007 . Only the Waco siege and the Oklahoma City bombing actually occurred on April 19 , the anniversary of the Battles of Lexington and Concord . Still , to many following developments in Boston online , the proximity of Monday 's attack to the April 19 anniversaries was enough to suggest an act of domestic terrorism . "  Obviously , nobody knows anything yet , " Esquire magazine 's Charles Pierce said , "  but I would caution folks jumping to conclusions about foreign terrorism to remember that this is the official Patriots Day holiday in Massachusetts ... and that the actual date  April 19  was of some significance to , among other people , Tim McVeigh , because he fancied himself a waterer of the tree of liberty and the like . " McVeigh and Oklahoma City bombing co-conspirator Terry Nichols were associated with the extreme right-wing and militant Patriot Movement , which rejects the legitimacy of the federal government and law enforcement . Adherents sometimes form armed militia groups and claim the right to armed self-defense against what they believe to be an oppressive government . McVeigh said he targeted the Federal Building in Oklahoma City to avenge the raid on Waco . Despite commonly held beliefs , it 's unclear whether the Columbine shooters timed that attack to mark either Adolf Hitler 's birthday or the Waco incident . Time Washington correspondent Alex Altman also noted Patriots Day 's "  significance " to the "  militia movement " in a tweet that was shared 507 times . He also mentioned the Oklahoma City bombing anniversary . In a subsequent tweet , he clarified that "  OKC was on Apr. 19 , anniversary of the Battles of Lexington & Concord , which are celebrated in Mass as Patriots Day . " But is there really something about this time of the year that makes domestic terrorism more prevalent ? "  I have seen nothing to suggest that anything about April itself makes people violent , " Robert Blaskiewicz , who runs the blog Skeptical Humanities , said in a 2011 interview with CNN about the 20-year anniversary of the siege of the Waco compound . "  That said , the reason why we see certain types of political violence in mid - to late April is because of a few unhappy coincidences : that Waco happened to fall on the anniversary of the Battles of Lexington and Concord , the first battles in a war against a tyrannical oppressor . "  For many people who labor under the idea that the federal government is a tyrannical foreign oppressor like the British monarchy , Waco symbolizes a war of a government against its people . " In the mythology that has grown up around Waco and Oklahoma City among self-identified patriots , he said "  the 19th has become a sort of high holiday for those who think that they live under the thumb of a tyranny . " But , as the injury count continues to rise in Boston , the prevailing sentiment is sorrow and solidarity . "  Do n't know what to say . Everyone who grew up in and around Boston has been at the finish line on Patriots Day . Could have been any of us , " tweeted Frank Dale , digital editor for ESPN 's "  Mike And Mike in the Morning " show . President Obama offered a nod to the city 's strength . "  Boston is a tough and resilient town , so are its people , " he said . "  I 'm supremely confident that Bostonians will pull together , take care of each other , and move forward as one proud city . "  And , as they do , the American people will be with them every single step of the way . "	Patriots Day in Massachusetts commemorates opening battles of American Revolution on April 19 Boston Marathon is always held on Patriots Day , which falls on third Monday in April April 19 is anniversary of 1993 FBI siege of Waco compound , 1995 Oklahoma City bombing Expert : April 19 is a "  high holiday " for those who think they live "  under the thumb " of tyranny
CNN  -- Thousands of veterans in South Florida may have been exposed to hepatitis and HIV because of contaminated equipment after getting colonoscopies at the Miami Veterans Affairs Healthcare System , officials announced Monday . In a news release , Rep. Kendrick B. Meek , D-Florida , says such mistakes undermine the VA 's effectiveness . Two Florida lawmakers are asking for an inspector general 's inquiry . "  The VA is a model of the type of health care we provide our veterans , and when mistakes like this occur , it undermines the efficacy of the entire system , " said Rep. Kendrick B. Meek , D-Florida , in a news release . Meek , along with Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , is requesting an official inquiry by the inspector general of the VA. . In a letter to retired Gen. Eric Shinseki , the secretary of Veterans Affairs , Nelson said he is also concerned about possible contaminated equipment at facilities in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , and Augusta , Georgia . "  I am requesting that the VA Office of Inspector General begin an investigation into the potential problems of contamination ; whether any patient has contracted an infection from unsterilized equipment ; and , most importantly , how we can prevent such problems from happening again , " Nelson wrote . "  Finally , I urge the VA to commit to providing ongoing medical care in cases where it is responsible for exposing someone to a disease . " On Monday , the VA sent letters to 3,260 people who may have had colonoscopies between May 2004 and March 12 , 2009 . Hospital officials said a review of safety procedures found that tubing used in endoscope procedures was rinsed but not disinfected . In the first 24 hours after the letters were released , the Miami VA got more than 2,600 calls and checked out more than 350 patients . Nearly 600 more are scheduled for examinations over the next two weeks , officials at the facility said . Learn more about what happened " Officials say the risk of infection is minimal . "  What happened should not have happened . We are taking steps to change it right now , " said John Vara , the Miami VA 's chief of staff . The problem at the Miami VA facility comes on the heels of similar problems with endoscopies at the VA clinic in Murfreesboro . In December 2008 , an investigation found that clinic workers were not following manufacturer 's directions and switched out parts they were n't supposed to switch out , according to investigators . About 6,000 people who underwent colonoscopies at the clinic were notified and offered free testing for infections . The Charlie Norwood VA Medica Center in Augusta , Georgia , also said it had "  recently notified 1,200 veterans they may have been exposed to infection when undergoing ear , nose and throat  ENT  procedures between January and November of 2008 . " In Miami , the VA has opened "  special care clinics " to test veterans who received the notice and to provide information . "  Screening is strictly precautionary and does not indicate that any patients have contracted a virus , " Mary D. Berrocal , director of the Miami VA , said in a statement on the VA 's Web site . The special care clinics opened Tuesday morning , and officials say response from patients has been good . "  They are being proactive , and we are glad . We want them to get tested , " said Susan Warren , a spokeswoman for the Miami VA facility .	Contaminated colonoscopy gear may have exposed Florida veterans to hepatitis , HIV Florida lawmakers seek inquiry , raise concerns about other facilities VA sent letters to people who may have had colonoscopies May 2004 to this month Officials say tubing was rinsed but not disinfected , call risk of infection minimal
Dartmouth College canceled classes Wednesday after a student protest sparked a threatening backlash on a campus online forum , according to a college spokesman . On Friday , current Dartmouth students interrupted a welcome show for recently admitted students by chanting about aspects of student life they found troubling , such as issues around homophobia and sexual assault on campus . The welcome show was designed to highlight why the prospective students should attend Dartmouth , college spokesman Justin Anderson said . The decision to cancel classes was prompted by a series of threatening and abusive online posts that targeted the students who protested at the welcome show , a letter sent to Dartmouth students and faculty said . The online postings appeared on BoredAtBaker.com , a Dartmouth-exclusive forum where students post about happenings on campus , according to student Dani Valdes , 22 . The website has since been shut down . Comments on the website included derogatory , homophobic , racist , and sexist remarks directed at the student protesters . Threats of violence and sexual assault also appeared . Although student protesters expected campus-wide reaction , they say were not anticipating the level of hostility they experienced . "  I think that all of us knew what we were getting ourselves into when we decided to protest this , but I do n't think any of us expected to receive such extreme threats of death and rape and lynching , " said Nastassja Schmiedt , 20 . College administrators announced that classes would be replaced by "  alternative programming " for the college community "  to discuss Dartmouth 's commitment to fostering debate that promotes respect for individuals , civil and engaged discourse , and the value of diverse opinions . " "  We feel it is necessary for the community as a whole to have the opportunity to learn about all that has transpired and to discuss further action that will help us live up to our mission , " the letter stated . The alternative programming included a large meeting of faculty , a discussion facilitated by a social justice and diversity consultant , a community gathering , lunch and smaller ` teach-in ' discussions led by Dartmouth faculty and staff . However , student protesters are unsatisfied with the administration 's reaction to recent events . "  We 've made petitions and nothing has changed . Our previous efforts have really fallen on deaf ears . They have n't reached out to us and they have n't taken a stance on the protest , " Schmiedt said . Dartmouth President Carol Folt did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment . However , college administrators told students that the decision to hold alternative programming in lieu of classes was not made lightly . "  Together , we will make this day an important step toward realizing a better Dartmouth , " the letter said . According to Anderson , none of the students who disrupted the event or posted online are being sought by law enforcement . In March , administrators at Oberlin College canceled classes after a student reported seeing a person resembling a Ku Klux Klan member on campus . The incident followed a string of hate-related events that month .	Dartmouth holds discussions , ` teach-ins ' after protesting students are threatened online Protesters chanted about campus problems at show for prospective students Law enforcement is not seeking protesters , posters , college spokesman says
CNN  -- Trail Life USA , the group that was launched after the Boys Scouts voted to allow gay members , held its inaugural convention over the weekend in Nashville . More than 1,000 people attended , including former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee . The group , which will officially launch in 2014 , says it expects to become a "  premier " Christian organization for boys and young men . At the weekend event , which reporters were not allowed to attend , the group unveiled its name and logo . The logo includes the words adventure , character and leadership . "  Trail Life USA will be inclusive of boys , regardless of religion , race , national origin or socioeconomic status , and accept boys who are experiencing same-sex attractions or gender confusion , " a statement from the group says . "  However , it will not admit youth who are open or avowed about their homosexuality , and it will not admit boys who are not ` biologically male ' or boys who wish to dress and act like girls . " Boy Scout vote In May , more than 60 % of 1,400-member national council of the BSA voted to allow openly gay youths to join scouting . The change takes effect January 1 . The BSA , however , will maintain its ban on gay adult leaders . The National Jewish Committee on Scouting , the United Church of Christ , the Episcopal Church , the Unitarian Universalist Association and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , which sponsors more Scout units than any other faith , all endorsed the change . Faith-based organizations charter more than 70 % of Scout chapters , providing meeting space and leadership , according to the BSA . "  There have been some organizations that have decided not to renew their charters with Scouting , " BSA spokesman Deron Smith said in May . "  But we ca n't quantify the impact of the amended policy . " Not anti-BSA Despite its Genesis , Trail Life USA says it 's not "  anti-BSA , " nor its name is meant to be "  political or controversial . " The theme of the weekend conference was : "  Honoring the Legacy , Raising the Standard . " Yet , the group is clear on the stand it 's taking . "  Our whole life is about the trail , both in the outdoors and in the journey of life as believers , " said John Stemberger , chairman of the board for the organization , and also founder of On My Honor , a group that opposed the Scout 's change in policy . "  So Trail Life is a way of life that is centered on following Christ in the outdoors . "	More than 1,000 attend group 's inaugural national convention Group 's goal is to become a "  premier " Christian organization for boys and young men In May , the Boys Scouts of America voted to allow openly gay youths to join scouting The theme of the weekend conference was : "  Honoring the Legacy , Raising the Standard . "
After years of thinking it over , Floyd Corkins finally had a plan . He 'd bought a gun and learned how to use it . He 'd loaded three magazines . And he had stopped by Chick-fil-A to pick up 15 sandwiches , which he planned to smear in the dying faces of staffers he expected to kill at the Family Research Council in Washington . It would be a statement , he said , "  against the people who work in that building , " according to documents filed in U.S. District Court , where Corkins pleaded guilty on Wednesday to three charges related to the August shooting at the conservative policy group . Corkins told Judge Richard Roberts that he hoped to intimidate gay rights opponents . The shooting came amid intense debate over remarks against gay marriage by an executive with the Atlanta-based Chick-fil-A restaurant chain and the company 's support for groups considered hostile to gay rights . The research council , a Christian group that focuses on family , anti-abortion and religious liberty issues and views homosexuality as harmful , backed Chick-fil-A in the ensuing controversy . "  They endorse Chick-fil-A and also Chick-fil-A came out against gay marriage , so I was going to use that as a statement , " prosecutors quoted Corkins as telling investigators . Corkins , 28 , pleaded guilty to committing an act of terrorism while armed , interstate transportation of a firearm and ammunition , and assault with intent to kill while armed . Prosecutors dropped seven other charges . The charges carry sentences of up to 70 years in prison . However , the sentence could be shorter because Corkins has no prior criminal record . Corkins will be sentenced April 29 , prosecutors said . The act of terrorism charge alleges that Corkins wanted to kill building manager Leo Johnson and other Family Research Council employees "  with the intent to intimidate and coerce a significant portion of the civilian population of the District of Columbia and the United States . " It is a District of Columbia law passed in 2002 but never before used . According to prosecutors ' account of the attack filed on Wednesday , Corkins got into the Family Research Council 's building by telling Johnson that he was there to interview for an internship . After Johnson asked for identification , prosecutors say , Corkins reached into his backpack , retrieved a handgun and leveled it at Johnson 's head . Johnson ducked and lunged at Corkins before he could fire a shot , according to prosecutors . As the two struggled , Corkins fired three times , hitting Johnson once in the arm , before the building manager was able to wrestle him to the ground , disarm him and hold him at gunpoint until police arrived . As he lay on the ground , Corkins said something to the effect , " ` It 's not about you . ' It 's about the FRC and its policies , " according to the prosecution account . Corkins -- who had chosen the research council as his target after finding it listed as an anti-gay group on the website of the Southern Poverty Law Center -- had planned to stride into the building and open fire on the people inside in an effort to kill as many as possible , he told investigators , according to the court documents . If he 'd been successful and escaped , his plan was to go to another conservative group to continue the attack , prosecutors said . A handwritten list naming three other groups he planned to attack was found among his belongings , prosecutors said . According to the documents , Corkins had thought about such an attack for years but "  just never went through with it . " He purchased the gun used in the attack a week before at a Virginia gun store , where a French television crew taped him while doing a story about the widespread availability of guns in America , according to prosecutors . He also went to the store the day before the attack for two hours of training . U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen said Corkins ' guilty plea "  makes clear that using violence to terrorize political opponents will not be tolerated . " At the time of the shooting , Corkins lived with his parents in Herndon , Virginia , and volunteered at a Washington center for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . In August , FBI investigators said in an affidavit that investigators had interviewed Corkins ' parents after the shooting , and they said their son "  has strong opinions with respect to those he believes do not treat homosexuals in a fair manner . " The Southern Poverty Law Center has listed the Family Research Council as a hate group since 2010 , pointing to what it describes as its anti-gay propaganda and legislative agenda . On his nightly radio show on Wednesday , Family Research Council President Tony Perkins mentioned the plea deal and accused the Southern Poverty Law Center of playing a role in the shooting by inciting hatred and violence rather than fighting it -- a claim he has repeatedly made since the shooting . "  The Southern Poverty Law Center is dangerous . They are inciting hatred , and in this case a clear connection to violence , " he said on the radio broadcast . "  They need to be held accountable , and they need to be stopped before people are killed because of their reckless labeling and advocacy for homosexuality and their anti-Christian stance . " A spokeswoman for the center declined to comment on the plea deal or the research council 's comments , but referred to a statement from the organization last year , standing by its designation of the Family Research Council as a "  hate group . " "  As people who care about human dignity , we have a moral obligation to call out the FRC for its demonizing lies and incendiary rhetoric about the LGBT community , " the statement said . "  The fact that we list the FRC as a hate group because of its demonizing propaganda does not make us the hateful one . Spreading demonizing lies is what is dangerous , not exposing them . "	The president of the FRC accuses the Southern Poverty Law Center of "  inciting violence " Floyd Corkins , pleads guilty , says he wanted to intimidate those who oppose gay rights He faces up to 70 years in prison when sentenced April 29 Building manager wrestled with Corkins and disarmed him after being shot in August incident
CNN  A veteran journalist and former CNN great has passed away . Stuart Loory , 82 , died Friday in his home in Brooklyn , New York , after battling cancer . In addition to working as a correspondent , Loory oversaw CNN bureaus in Washington and Moscow . He later became a vice president of Turner Broadcasting System . But it hardly sums up his life , which was about following his passion for a good story to various points on the map . "  Stu was an excellent journalist and a great friend , " CNN founder Ted Turner said Saturday . "  He was instrumental in helping to launch the first Goodwill Games in Moscow , a loyal executive and leader at ` CNN World Report ' and , of course , was well-known as one of the finest bureau chiefs at CNN , running the first Washington , D.C. bureau and later opening the Moscow bureau . He will be sorely missed . " "  He was the consummate journalist , " said his son , Josh Loory , who also became a news producer . Stuart Loory got his start in the mid-1950s as a newspaper reporter at the Newark Evening News , which is no longer in print . In 1958 , he moved to Vienna , Austria , on a Pulitzer travel fellowship , and took the family with him , his son said . Josh was 3 months old then . In the course of his father 's career , he would attend eight different schools in 12 years as they hopped between Moscow , Washington , New York , Chicago and Atlanta . "  The people that he knew and the circles that he traveled in were absolutely amazing , " his son said . Josh Loory remembers sailing with former Secretary of State and diplomacy icon Henry Kissinger . Before coming to CNN , Loory ran various operations for major daily newspapers . He reported on the White House for the Los Angeles Times . "  He covered the end of the  Lyndon  Johnson administration and the  Richard  Nixon administration , " his son said . "  Loory was included on  Richard  Nixon 's ` enemies list ' of political opponents , " according to his biography on the website of the University of Missouri , where he taught from 1997 on after leaving CNN . He had a passion for science , which he wrote about at The New York Times . "  He covered every manned space flight from Mercury through Gemini , " his son said . Later , Loory covered NASA space shuttle flights for CNN . Before making the switch to TV journalism for CNN in 1980 , he was managing editor of the Chicago Sun-Times . CNN sent him back to Moscow . Former CNN News Group Chairman Tom Johnson said , "  He never backed away from asking heads of state the most difficult questions . I saw that firsthand in White House press conferences with President Johnson , and in the Kremlin with both Presidents Gorbachev and Yeltsin . "  Stuart was instrumental in obtaining exclusive CNN coverage with Russian television as President Gorbachev resigned from office . He also was instrumental in arranging exclusive CNN-Russian television 's first interview with Boris Yeltsin after Yeltsin took office . " In the bitter cold of Moscow , Loory once reported wearing a huge hat and received a message telling him he 'd look better if he left it off . Loory answered with a funny TV report advocating for his giant , bushy Russian fur hat . Loory faced danger on the job , as when he covered the civil rights movement in Alabama in the 1960s . "  In Montgomery , he witnessed the beating the Freedom Riders got , " said another son , Adam Loory . "  He said someone helped him get away from the melee by saying , ` Take off your tie and glasses and follow me . ' When he realized he was leaving the scene , he said , ` Take me back , I have to follow the story . ' Back at the bus station , he found John Lewis on the ground bleeding and helped get him to a hospital . " Josh Loory said his father was a family man -- and an all-round journalist . He wanted to look out for the downtrodden , Josh Loory said . "  He liked to shine the light of the media where it needed to be shined . " He is survived by his wife and three children . People we 've lost in 2015	Ted Turner says Stuart Loory was an excellent journalist Loory covered Johnson , Nixon , early manned space flights He was a Moscow correspondent twice , once for CNN
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Tuesday night , the Democratic Party displayed its deep commitment to women 's equality . Drawing upon her own life story , a story of discrimination shared by too many women across America , Lilly Ledbetter delivered a rousing speech as only she can . Ledbetter , the face of the fight for women 's equality , reminded us all just how far we have come in the last four years . She framed fair pay as both an economic and moral issue . She reminded us all of President Barack Obama 's first act in office , the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , which he signed thinking of his mother , wife and two young daughters . Ledbetter , a former manager at a tire plant , knows that her family was deprived of thousands of dollars because of discrimination , money that could have been put back into the U.S. economy . As my mother 's son and the brother to two older and wiser sisters , this issue resonates particularly deeply with me . Equal pay for equal work should not be a controversial issue in the 21st Century , but like the debate over contraception and choice , somehow the Republican Party has reignited a debate that should have ended decades ago . Just to be clear , my sisters would scoff if my work was ever called equal to theirs . In addition , first lady Michelle Obama reminded Americans that her most important title is still "  Mom in Chief . " She identified herself as yet another mother struggling with the difficulties of parenting who cares more than anything about the country that she will leave to her children . Michelle Obama did not need to shout , "  I love you , women " in order to be understood by the women of America ; her story is their story . While women will surely play a crucial role in this election , Tuesday night served as a reminder that Obama 's commitment to women is not political -- it 's personal . America will never succeed if half of its citizens do n't have an ally in the White House .	Democratic Party showed it 's commitment to women 's equality through host of speakers Lilly Ledbetter "  framed fair pay as both an economic and moral issue " "  Equal pay for equal work should not be a controversial issue in the 21st century " Michelle Obama did n't need to shout , "  I love you , women " to be heard by women in America
CNN  -- On the surface , Zack Hix is like many 18-year-olds . The Simpsonville , South Carolina , teen 's favorite foods are cheeseburgers and pizza . He listens to rock and punk music . He loves to race mountain bikes , play video games , watch Georgia Bulldogs football with his dad and -- perhaps most importantly -- draw . But Zack also suffers from a laundry list of mental health issues , including both intermittent explosive - and obsessive-compulsive disorders , which make him different from other kids his age and threaten to inhibit his ability to function as an independent adult . Zack is diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , anxiety and depression , in addition to the IED and OCD . He also has Tourette syndrome and tics that are the result of a Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infection in the fifth grade . Artistic self-expression through drawing helps to balance Zack 's struggles . Together , the Hix family is on a journey to turn a series of Zack 's characters into a career as a cartoonist . "  If we can make a go of this and he can work for himself doing what he loves to do -- chances are he is not going to be able to work in a traditional setting ; they 're so up and down with how they function -- maybe he can support himself after high school and not have to sit back and collect disability as a person who can not hold a job , " his mother , Kim Hix , said . The Good Boy Roy crew -- including Roy , Zman and Rocker Rick -- are charismatic , athletic and musically talented . They are likenesses of Zack and those close to him . Life 's joys and tribulations also inspire Zack 's art , whether it 's expressing his faith in God , standing up to bullies or maintaining a positive outlook on life . "  The images come to my head , " he says . "  I just capture them and put them on paper . " ' I know that it is the illness ' Kim Hix , 46 , is the president of Good Boy Roy , in addition to her roles as part-time personal trainer , an advocate for children in court proceedings and , of course , full-time mother . "  When Zack does awful things , I know that is the illness , " she says . "  He is so loving and sweet and thinks of others . " She knew early on that Zack was different , she says . He would n't sleep alone , screamed to the point where she thought he was going to hurt himself and had trouble processing the reasons he was disciplined . The family had no history of mental disorders , so Kim Hix started taking Zack to doctors . "  We did n't know what to think , " she says . "  We were kind of bewildered . " Zack 's father , Doug Hix , says it sometimes feels like they are isolated and on an island , but points out that many people have it worse . Kim Hix says Zack 's struggles continue to affect the family , especially Kelsie , 14 . "  None of this is in your control really , " says Kim . "  You ca n't fix these things . If it 's a bad day , if it 's chaotic , you pray a lot and when you wake up you hope the next day is better . " No broad brush on his symptoms Zack has seen psychiatrist Dr. Robert Richards since elementary school . Richards does n't use a broad brush to describe Zack 's symptoms , he says , because the disorders manifest themselves differently according to the individual , the responsiveness to treatment and the resources available . But Richards did classify Zack 's problems as severe . Still , the teen has a "  high-level of sensitivity and intuitiveness , " Richards said . His drawings could be a way for him to express his view that people should be treated with kindness . "  If you look at other aspects of personality growth and development , he has a strong capacity for empathy , " says Richards . Dr. Ken Duckworth , a psychiatrist and the medical director for the National Alliance on Mental Illness , says the two most important variables in treating mental disorders and illness are family support and the patient 's willingness to accept help from loved ones . Kim says Zack is family-oriented , always wanting to be near and spend time with his parents . "  I ca n't tell them how much I love them in words , " says Zack . Doug Hix , who has been married to Kim for 21 years , works for an engineering company . At times , his work puts him on the road for two or three weeks a month . When he is home , Doug says he makes spending time with his children a priority . He and Zack race mountain bikes , follow the Atlanta Braves and never miss a University of Georgia football game . "  When he 's at a calm state , when he 's the Zack that we know and love , he 's a great kid , " Doug Hix says . "  If his med levels are where they need to be , he can focus . Interaction with faculty and student body , it 's spot on . You 'd never expect anything . " It 's those other times -- when he ca n't remain calm -- that trouble his parents . Zack 's OCD can cause him to grasp onto single thoughts . He 'll want to do things perfectly and not being able to can sometimes propel him into a rage that can last for hours , his mother says . The episodes have occurred since Zack was a child . Enter Good Boy Roy Zack has drawn pictures since he was old enough to hold a pen . He has always gravitated toward cartoons , Japanimation characters and superheroes , his parents say . Drawing seems to provide Zack the context his compulsions wo n't allow , and his mother says he 's always used artistic expression to apologize after acting out . The characters are based on Zack and those close to him . Volleyball Girl was inspired by his younger sister , Kelsie , and Handsome Hen takes after the man who introduced Zack to "  The Simpsons , " his uncle Henry . In 2009 , Zack took a stack of Good Boy Roy drawings to his mother and asked what she thought . She liked them enough to have one printed on a red T-shirt , his favorite color . Zack wore the shirt everywhere . Kim Hix had already considered making Good Boy Roy a business , but when she saw how proud the T-shirt made Zack , she wondered if it might be a way for Zack to support himself after high school if his mental health issues prove to be barriers to employment . "  I have always been a fixer , " she said . "  That has been my job since Zack was born , trying to get him help and get him the resources that can help him progress . " Since 2010 , Zack 's mother says he has made about $ 12,000 from merchandise and custom design sales , so the business is very much part-time . He has also illustrated a children 's book , "  A World Without Circles . " The book 's publisher has asked Zack to work on a children 's book about bullying , something he experienced during middle school related to his Tourette 's syndrome , his mother says . Zack plans to graduate from high school in 2014 and hopes to continue spreading Good Boy Roy 's message . He wants Roy , Zman and Rocker Rick to be known worldwide so they can inspire others with disabilities to find work . Meanwhile , Kim Hix is learning how to juggle building a business with her own career and being a mother and wife . It 's still very much a work in progress , but she hopes Good Boy Roy will reach other families dealing with mental health disorders and let them know they 're not alone . "  Good Boy Roy , the business and brand , was launched to share with the world this story of hope , determination and overcoming challenges ; -LSB- to -RSB- reach parents of children like Zack , to let them know they are not alone in their heartache and uncertainty ; -LSB- to -RSB- let the kids know that anything is possible , and being different is OK . "	Zack Hix is the creator of the cartoon characters in Good Boy Roy He is diagnosed with a laundry list of mental health disorders Art has always been his avenue for self-expression His family wants to turn his artwork into a career so he can support himself
CNN  -- NASA 's plans to fly a fifth and final space shuttle mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope have suffered another set-back . Atlantis was prepared to launch in September before an onboard computer failed , delaying the mission . Hubble managers say ground testing of a critical replacement computer that they hope to install on the orbiting telescope is taking longer than previously expected . And that means an additional flight delay . "  Delivery in April to support a May launch , I think is a fair thing to say , " said Hubble program manager Preston Burch . "  Right now I think we have a very good chance of meeting a readiness date in that time frame . " The additional delay is just the latest dip in an emotional rollercoaster ride for the Hubble team over the past few months . In late September , astronauts were mere weeks away from launching to Hubble aboard the space shuttle Atlantis , with spacewalks planned to make the telescope more powerful than ever and extend its expected lifespan an additional five years . That flight had to be postponed when the onboard computer that downlinks scientific data to the ground suddenly failed on September 27th . While that problem has been corrected using a back-up system , NASA managers have decided the computer needs to be completely replaced in order to keep a fully redundant back-up capability available . A spare computer was built prior to Hubble 's launch in 1990 , and has been warehoused at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland ever since . Initially , engineers had hoped that spare could be quickly tested , certified "  flight ready , " and shipped to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida to be packed aboard Atlantis in time for a February launch . But a closer evaluation of the spare shows more than six months of work will be needed to get it ready to fly . Among other issues , it was partially disassembled other the years so that parts could be used for other systems . It has been largely put back together , but now programming anomalies are cropping up . And once engineers get it in good working order , it will have to go a battery of environmental tests to make sure it is ready to hold up in the harsh conditions of space . But the engineers are confident that they will eventually overcome all the obstacles . "  We 've gotten a lot smarter about the condition of this unit over the last four weeks , said Burch . "  We do n't want to take any chances in bringing a box up there that is n't going to be 100 % working to the absolute best that it can . So we want to take some extra time and make sure that we subject this to a very rigorous test program and we do n't want to leave any stones unturned on the way to the launch pad . "	NASA 's plans to service Hubble Space Telescope suffer another setback Ground testing of a critical replacement computer taking longer than expected "  Delivery in April to support a May launch , " NASA manager predicts More than six months of work will be needed to get it ready to fly
CNN Student News  -- November 11 , 2013 This Veterans Day , CNN Student News explores the history surrounding the holiday and some patriotic stories associated with it . We also examine how a massive typhoon affected the Philippines , and we look at what could be ahead this week regarding a controversial U.S. health care law . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were to produce a video honoring veterans , what forms of media would you include ? What elements do you think would have the most impact ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . storm surge 2 . health care plan 3 . military veteran Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What was the impact of Typhoon Haiyan as described in today 's program ? What is this storm 's predicted path ? 2 . Why has the Affordable Care Act  Obamacare  been in the news lately ? What did people in the report say about this law ? 3 . What did you learn about Veterans Day from today 's program ? What is the story behind the Country Music Awards ' 2013 Song of the Year ? Discussion Questions : 1 . When a major storm is approaching , what do you think influences people 's decisions on whether to evacuate or stay at home ? 2 . What is your opinion of the controversies surrounding Obamacare ? What were your thoughts on President Obama 's apology regarding some effects of the law ? Who do you think should be responsible for addressing the problems associated with the law ? Explain . 3 . If you could interview a veteran , what questions would you ask ? How does your community commemorate Veterans Day ? Can you think of other ways to honor military veterans ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Philippines ; Vietnam FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  The American and British embassies in Yemen suspended operations and moved staffers out Wednesday , and urged their citizens to leave the politically-unstable nation as well . The U.S. Embassy had already been operating on a skeletal staff since late January . The French embassy also said it would close its doors starting Friday due to the security situation . The troubled Middle Eastern nation has been without clear leadership and potentially on the brink of armed conflict since Houthi rebels seized control of key government facilities , dissolved parliament , and placed the President under house arrest . President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi later resigned in protest . "  The level of instability and ongoing threats in Yemen remain extremely concerning , " said a U.S. State Department travel warning issued Wednesday . The warning said an "  ongoing risk of kidnapping " exists , and the U.S. government is worried about possible terrorist attacks on Americans and Western facilities . However , there are no plans for a U.S. government-sponsored evacuation of American citizens at this time , the State Department said . "  U.S. government-facilitated evacuations occur only when no safe commercial alternatives exist , " it said . The message from the British Foreign Office was similar . The security situation continues to deteriorate , it said , and "  we now judge that our Embassy staff and premises are at increased risk . " It too asked British nationals to leave immediately . The French Foreign Ministry issued a statement to its citizens in Yemen . "  Given the recent political developments , and for security reasons , the Embassy invites you to temporarily leave Yemen , as soon as possible , via commercial flights at your convenience , " the statement said . "  The Embassy will temporarily be closed as of Friday , February 13 , 2015 , until further notice . " It was n't immediately clear how the embassy closures will affect the work of United States and its allies work in combating Isliamist groups in the country , but the Pentagon says the U.S. military remains active in Yemen . "  They are still capable of conducting counterterrorism operations in Yeman and frankly ... there 's some counterterrorism training that 's still ongoing ... with Yemeni security forces , " said Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby . "  I 'd be less than honest if I said that there had n't been some adjustments already made because of the political uncertainty , " he said . "  We 're just going to have to watch this closely going forward . " Yemen 's government has been a key ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemen-based group linked to attacks such as the recent slaughter at French magazine Charlie Hebdo . "  They are a very dangerous group , " said Kirby . "  They do want to threaten Western interests , including U.S. interests and we do consider them a threat to the United States of America . We 're watching them very closely . " Late last month , Meda Al Rowas , a senior analyst at IHS Country Risk , told CNN that unless Hadi is reinstated , the chances of the country avoiding armed conflict are slim . "  Our forecast is really civil war in Yemen because we have a lot of nonstate armed groups who are likely to compete over territory and have a lot of competing agendas , " she said . The Houthis -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- have taken control of Sanaa and the northern provinces of Amran and Sadaa . But there has already been resistance to their attempted takeover of national government institutions from different groups in Yemen , particularly in the south , where there 's a long-running secessionist movement , and in the oil-rich province of Marib to the east of Sanaa . There are currently no talks with the Houthis , but there are discussions about whether to talk to them , U.S. officials said last month .	The troubled Middle Eastern nation has been without clear leadership The U.S. is worried about possible terrorist attacks on Americans
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The much-maligned symbol of motoring in Communist East Germany , the Trabant , is set to make an unlikely comeback as a concept car at this year 's International Motor Show in Frankfurt . The old-style Trabi is a common sight in Germany where tourist operators use the car for local tours . Designers have replaced the car 's smoke-belching two-stroke engine with electric fuel cells and solar-powered air-conditioning . This , they promise , is not the four-wheeled object of ridicule that rolled off production lines in East Germany from 1957 until 1991 . This is the new Trabant , or Trabi as they 're known , an energy-efficient city car for modern drivers . "  I think the market will be people who say the old Trabant was a cool car , and people who want to have a stylish car , and want to have a green car , " Daniel Stiegler , of Herpa Miniaturemodelle , told CNN . Herpa is not a carmaker , at least not in the traditional sense . It makes model cars and airplanes , of the type that sit in display cabinets , not garages . Two years ago , a member of its management team , Klaus Schindler , decided it was time to make a miniature model of the Trabant . Herpa took it to the International Motor Show in Frankfurt in 2007 and were stunned by the response . "  We had a special folder where people at the fair could fill out and give it back to use . We had about 14,000 reactions on that , and most of them , 90 percent , said ` Yes , the Trabant is a really cool car , let 's bring it back , ' " Stiegler said . Herpa teamed up with German auto parts maker IndiKar , which has designed a prototype to be unveiled at the International Motor Show in Frankfurt in September . They hope to attract enough interest to put the car back into production . The early response of Trabi enthusiasts to an electric version of their much-loved cars has been encouraging . "  This will be an ideal vehicle to try it on , " Geoff Armitage , who had been the president or chairman of the Wartburg Trabant IFA Club UK on and off for some 18 years . "  If they go for the same type of cladding of duroplast , or western-style glass fibre , you have a light body which obviously will be an advantage for an electric car . " The original exterior of the cars was made from duroplast , a blend of cast-off cotton fibers from Russia mixed with glue . Armitage bought his first Trabant in the Netherlands in 1987 , two years before the fall of the Berlin Wall . Over the years , he 's owned around 20 of the German cars , adding "  we have several restoration projects in the yard at the moment . " Like many admirers , he appreciates the Trabi 's simplicity . "  They are basic technology . There is absolutely nothing that we ca n't repair ourselves . If we ca n't get the parts we can usually make them , " he laughed . "  If they can do the electrical conversion , for want of a better term , in a relatively low-tech way so they keep it simple I think it could be a success , " he said . German filmmaker Maximilian Spohr spent four years making a documentary about the Trabant . He became fascinated about the car 's origins as a child growing up in the East where residents faced up to a fourteen-year wait for delivery of their vehicles . "  There was only a certain contingent , a certain amount , allowed every year , because they did n't have enough screws , they did n't have enough parts , " he said . For his documentary , "  A Car For A Dollar , " he interviewed former Trabant engineers and owners and found an abundance of nostalgia for the old-style vehicles , despite their association with Communist repression . "  People remember it as their only partner in crime , " Spohr said . "  It was the one and only thing that brought them around the country . They were n't allowed to go far . This was the only vehicle they could use and it was always reliable , most times . " Many of the cars were dumped by their owners as soon as they 'd driven them to freedom over the border from East to West . Spohr said it did n't take long for nostalgia to kick in and the first Trabi appreciation meeting was held in 1990 , just one year after the fall of the Berlin Wall . Of plans for a new , eco-friendly Trabi , Spohr says , " "  I think it 's great . People would probably love it , I think it will sell . Big time . " If the modern Trabant fails to materialize , there 's always the option to step back in time in the original version . Trabis can still be seen slowly weaving through traffic , particularly in Berlin and Dresden , where Trabi-Safari leads tourists in a procession of up to six cars to local points of interest .	Relic of Communist East Germany to be revived as eco-friendly city car New electric Trabant to be unveiled at International Motor Show in Frankfurt Car was once the only vehicle available in East before fall of Berlin Wall Trabi enthusiasts admire the car 's simplicity , ability to make running repairs
London  CNN  -- Jacintha Saldanha should never have become a household name . But within a few hours of her apparent suicide after being duped by a radio prank call , the nurse 's name was in headlines around the world . Her husband and two teenage children have said little , overwhelmed by the shocking death of a wife and mother thrust suddenly into the public eye . Read more : Radio personalities apologize for prank call to duchess 's hospital An inquest , expected to open Thursday , may shed more light on the reasons for her apparent decision to take her own life early Friday , three days after putting through the fateful call from two Australian DJs who impersonated Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles to gain medical details about Prince William 's pregnant wife , Catherine . In the meantime , a picture is starting to emerge of a generous , caring woman who was caught up in a media maelstrom . Read more : Prank call pitted ` the great ' against the powerless The 46-year-old nurse moved to the UK from India a decade ago , and for the past four years , she had worked in the hospital where Catherine was being treated for acute morning sickness . She spent her time off duty in the family home in the southwestern city of Bristol , according to UK media reports . British lawmaker Keith Vaz -- who accompanied Saldanha 's husband , Benedict Barboza , and their children , Lisha and Junal , on a visit to the hospital living quarters in central London where she was found dead -- said they were devastated by the loss of "  a loving mother and a loving wife . " With the family standing beside him , looking shell-shocked , he added : "  This is a close family . They are devastated by what has happened . They miss her every moment of every day , but they are really grateful to the support of the British public and to the public overseas . " UK media reports have quoted an online testimonial for her driving instructor in which Saldanha apparently described herself as "  a very nervous person . " Read more : Nurse death sparks outrage , casts glare on ` shock jocks ' But for her classmates and colleagues back home in India , she was a deeply religious , benevolent and bold young woman . "  Jacintha was loving and caring , " recalled the Rev. Sister Aileen Mathias , chief nursing officer at the Father Muller Medical College in the southern Indian city of Mangalore . Both trained at the institution 's nursing school in the 1980s . Mathias still remembers her night shifts with Saldanha , who was a year her senior . "  She would share her bread , coffee and sweets with the patients , " Mathias said as she reminisced about her time with her old friend . Saldanha , at that time single , was a nursing student from 1984 to 1988 and said to be a devout Catholic . Read more : Hospital slams prank call radio station over nurse 's death "  She was very religious . She will pray for the patients . Both of us will pray together for the patients , " Mathias said . Last year , Saldanha visited her alma mater and donated money for the needy receiving treatment at the hospital , the nursing chief said . "  Jacintha was a generous person . She would help patients whenever she was here . " A condolence message posted on the website of Mangalore 's Father Muller Charitable Institutions described the late mother of two as a "  dedicated and caring nurse . " But Mathias also recollected Saldanha 's lighter side . "  She was a forward-looking girl . And she was very humorous . We cracked jokes . It was fun being together . " Read more : Australian prank call radio station boss calls nurse 's death ` truly tragic ' Her friends have not forgotten her diligence in her studies . "  Jacintha was pretty studious . She would often score as much as 75 % or even more  in exams  . And she was an active participant in several activities of the college , " Mathias said . Nathalia Martis , 46 , was in Saldanha 's class . She can not believe that her classmate committed suicide . "  I was shocked to hear that . She was not that type who would do that , " she said . Now a staff nurse herself at the Father Muller Hospital , Martis remembers Saldanha as a "  bold girl . " "  She was very good , polite , but a very bold girl . She was always ready to face any kind of a situation , " Martis said of her friend . She praised Saldanha for her "  leading capacity . " Martis would n't elaborate , though , saying she does n't remember specific incidents from more than 25 years ago . But she found Saldanha to be a decisive woman . "  She was a good decision-maker . ... I mean she will take quick decisions during problems , " Martis said . A family acquaintance , Ivan D'Souza , also considered her a "  confident " person . "  She was a student here at Father Muller . She was a confident girl . And that 's what her teachers also tell us about her . She would not normally make mistakes , " he said on the phone from Mangalore . "  We are not able to digest the news about her death . " Others back in Britain also praised her as a professional and caring person . Lord Glenarthur , chairman of the private King Edward VII 's Hospital where she worked , described her as "  a first-class nurse who cared diligently for hundreds of patients . " And the hospital 's chief executive , John Lofthouse , spoke of her as "  a much loved and valued colleague " who would be greatly missed by her co-workers . For now , D'Souza said , much of Saldanha 's family is in her birthplace , waiting for her body to arrive . "  We should get it as soon as possible , " he said . The decision on when to fly her remains back to India is one for her relatives to make , London 's Metropolitan Police said . So far , her family 's most public expressions of grief have been made via Facebook . Barboza , Saldanha 's husband , wrote over the weekend : "  I am devastated with the tragic loss of my beloved wife Jacintha in tragic circumstances . She will be laid to rest in Shirva , India . " Saldanha 's daughter , whose Facebook page is headed by a photo of herself with her mother and brother , wrote : "  I miss you , I loveeee you .  Heart  Jacintha saldanha . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi ; and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Friends of Jacintha Saldanha in India say she was a generous , caring woman Her family has paid tribute to "  a loving mother and a loving wife " Nurses who trained with her say she was confident and a bold decision-maker "  We are not able to digest the news about her death , " a family friend says
CNN  Kerry Washington is headed for HBO . The "  Scandal " star has signed on to play Anita Hill and executive produce a TV movie for the premium cable network , The Hollywood Reporter has learned . Called "  Confirmation , " the telepic -- which is in development from HBO Films -- will detail the explosive 1991 Clarence Thomas-Hill Supreme Court nomination hearings , which brought the country to a standstill and forever changed the way people think about sexual harassment , victims ' rights and modern-day race relations . See more on-set with the gladiators : inside the fast-paced world of ABC 's ` Scandal ' Academy Award nominated writer Susannah Grant  "  Erin Brockovich "  will pen the script and executive produce the drama , which is being produced by Groundswell Productions in association with ABC Signature Studios . Groundswell CEO Michael London  ABC 's upcoming soap "  Astronaut Wives Club "  and production president Janice Williams will executive produce alongside Grant and star Washington . Sources tell THR that Rick Famuyiwa  Sundance hit "  Dope , " "  The Wood "  is in talks to direct the pic , but no deal is in place . See more : 40 Years of HBO Confirmation comes as Washington was poised to film Warner Bros. ' feature drama "  Unforgettable " in the summer for director Amma Assante but the HBO project may take over the "  Scandal " star 's hiatus from her ABC Shonda Rhimes series . For HBO , "  Confirmation " comes as the premium cabler is building its roster of original films . The cabler this week tapped Elizabeth Banks and Paul Giamatti to play tennis legends Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs , respectively , in a movie detailing the duo 's legendary Battle of the Sexes match . Additionally , HBO is also prepping an adaptation of Bryan Cranston 's Tony winner "  All the Way " with Jay Roach attached to direct . Read more : TV Ratings : 'Em pire ' Audience Grows , Though Demo Finally Holds The "  Confirmation " deal also marks a big off-network sale for ABC Signature , the boutique arm of ABC Studios . It 's also HBO 's latest buy from an outside studio following series including Warner Bros. . Television 's "  The Leftovers " and upcoming "  Westworld . " Grant is repped by CAA and Kleinberg Lange ; Washington is with CAA , Washington Square Films and Hansen Jacobson ; Famuyiwa is with CAA , Oasis Media Group and Del Shaw .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	"  Scandal " actress Kerry Washington to star as Anita Hill in HBO movie Hill is the former colleague of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas who accused him of sexual harassment
CNN  -- Democratic Gov. Rod Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , face corruption charges in a scandal that encompassed the Chicago Cubs , President-elect Barack Obama 's vacated Senate seat and a children 's hospital , according to an affidavit . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich talks to laid-off workers in Chicago on Monday . The men were each charged with a count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and a count of solicitation of bribery , authorities said . According to the affidavit outlining some of the charges against the Blagojevich and Harris , here are some of the details that led authorities to charge the officials : Senate seat Blagojevich said in phone conversation that he is conspiring to trade the Senate seat left vacant by President-elect Barack Obama in exchange for positions that Obama has the power to appoint , namely the secretary of health and human services post . Watch how the FBI 's tapes show the governor wanted to trade seat " In a November 3 conversation with an adviser , Blagojevich discussed receiving a kickback for appointing someone , identified only as "  Senate Candidate 1 , " to the vacant Senate seat . Obama reportedly backed the Senate candidate . "  During the call , Rod Blagojevich stated , ` Unless I get something real good for -LSB- Senate Candidate 1 -RSB- , s -- t , I 'll just send myself , you know what I 'm saying ? ' " the affidavit says . He later said , "  I 'm going to keep this Senate option for me a real possibility , you know , and therefore I can drive a hard bargain . You hear what I 'm saying ? And if I do n't get what I want and I 'm not satisfied with it , then I 'll just take the Senate seat myself , " according to the affidavit . The governor said the seat "  is a f -- ing valuable thing ; you just do n't give it away for nothing . " "  Blagojevich has also been intercepted conspiring to sell the Senate seat in exchange for his wife 's placement on paid corporate boards or Rod Blagojevich 's placement at a private foundation in a significant position with a substantial salary , " the affidavit says . Intercepted phone calls indicate that the governor also has conspired to sell the Senate seat in exchange for millions of dollars in funding for "  a nonprofit organization that he would start and that would employ him at a substantial salary after he left the governorship , " according to the affidavit . Tribune Co. . Blagojevich and Harris threatened to withhold financial assistance from the Tribune Co. unless the company fired certain editorial board members who had been critical of Blagojevich and had called for the governor 's impeachment . The money was related to the sale or financing of Wrigley Field , home stadium of the Chicago Cubs , a team owned by the Tribune Co. . The governor instructed Harris to tell the Tribune 's financial adviser that the assistance , which Blagojevich estimated to be worth at least $ 100 million , was contingent on the ouster of several board members . In a November 4 phone call , Blagojevich told Harris to tell the Tribune adviser , "  Our recommendation is fire all those f -- ing people , get 'em the f -- out of there and get us some editorial support . " The affidavit gives only one name , Deputy Editorial Page Editor John McCormick . In a follow-up conversation , Harris said he had informed the adviser that the newspaper needed "  wholesale changes " "  This is a priority . Stay on it , right . I mean , he , he gets the message , does n't he ? " Blagojevich asked . "  Oh , yeah . He got it loud and clear , " Harris reportedly replied . In another follow-up conversation , Harris said the Tribune owner told the financial adviser that he "  was very sensitive to our concerns " and that certain cuts personnel cuts were imminent . On November 21 , Harris said he had singled out McCormick "  as somebody who was the most biased and unfair . " Beginning November 30 , Blagojevich began talking to a sports consultant and a Cubs officials about making state money available for Wrigley Field . Children 's hospital On October 8 , Blagojevich told a person described only as "  Individual A " that he was willing to make $ 8 million available for Children 's Memorial Hospital , but "  I want to get -LSB- Hospital Executive 1 -RSB- for 50 . " Individual A felt that Blagojevich was talking about a $ 50,000 campaign contribution from the hospital 's chief executive officer and that the $ 8 million referred to a recent commitment by Blagojevich to secure state funds via "  some type of pediatric care reimbursement . " "  Intercepted phone conversations between Rod Blagojevich and others indicate that Rod Blagojevich is contemplating rescinding his commitment of state funds to benefit Children 's Memorial Hospital because Hospital Executive 1 has not made a recent campaign contribution , " the affidavit says .	Affidavit says Blagojevich called Senate seat "  a f -- ing valuable thing " Governor talked of getting newspaper employees fired for editorials , affidavit says Blagojevich wanted campaign contribution for funding children 's hospital , it says
CNN  -- Months after video of its pledges shouting pro-rape chants went viral on YouTube , an elite fraternity chapter at Yale has been suspended . Yale College Dean Mary Miller announced the suspension of the university 's Delta Kappa Epsilon chapter on Tuesday in an e-mail to students and faculty . A disciplinary body at the college "  imposed sanctions on the DKE chapter as an organization that prohibit it from conducting any fraternity activities on campus  including recruiting  for a period of five years , " Miller wrote . The sanctions also "  prevent it from communicating with Yale students by means of Yale bulletin boards or Yale e-mail , and severely limit its use of the Yale name in connection with the DKE organization . " Punishments were meted out to individual fraternity members too , the dean said . The chapter drew widespread criticism last fall after its pledges chanted slogans that seemed to advocate rape , such as "  No Means Yes " and "  Yes Means  a sex act  . " Video of the frat 's antics circulated widely on the internet . Yale 's disciplinary actions Tuesday come several weeks after officials confirmed the university was under federal investigation for a possible Title IX violation . The complaint that prompted the investigation alleged that the school 's policies permitted a "  sexually hostile environment " to exist on campus . Delta Kappa Epsilon has operated at Yale since 1844 and is "  the only fraternity at Yale which has never gone inactive , " according to its website . The chapter 's illustrious roster of former members includes presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush . The international Delta Kappa Epsilon office did not immediately return a request for comment .	The suspension will last for five years , the school 's dean says The group is also banned from contacting students on campus and through university e-mail The fraternity 's former members includes presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush .
London , England  CNN  -- Closed-circuit television footage that led British police to identify Stephen Griffiths as a serial killer shows the self-proclaimed "  Crossbow Cannibal " carrying the weapon in the hallway outside his apartment shortly after he killed one of his victims , then raising his middle finger to the camera . Griffiths , 40 , was arrested May 25 after his building 's caretaker saw the video showing Griffiths assaulting a woman , then alerted authorities , according to the West Yorkshire Police in northern England . London 's Daily Mirror has posted the video of Griffiths in his apartment building on its website . The video was recorded minutes after he killed Suzanne Blamires , one of three prostitutes Griffiths confessed to killing , police said . The video , some of which was obtained by CNN from the Daily Mirror , then shows the Bradford man carrying a sack down the stairs of his apartment building . The newspaper said it chose not to publish video showing Griffiths dragging Blamires ' apparently dead body by the shoulders down the corridor to his apartment . Police said they found human remains linked to his victims in the nearby River Aire . Griffiths was sentenced December 21 to three terms of life in prison after pleading guilty to the murders of Blamires , 36 ; Susan Rushworth , 43 ; and Shelley Armitage , 31 . "  What he did can never be forgotten by the families of his victims . Suzanne , Susan and Shelley all came from families who cared for and supported their daughters , " Senior Investigating Officer Detective Superintendent Sukhbir Singh said after the sentencing .	NEW : Newspaper chose not to publish video showing man dragging woman 's body Closed-circuit camera captured images of man moments after killing that led to his arrest The footage was first viewed by the building caretaker , who gave it to police Stephen Griffiths , 40 , confessed to killing three prostitutes
CNN  -- As a young competitive gymnast , Melissa Stockwell 's heart would fill with pride as she looked at the American flag and sang the national anthem before every meet . When anyone would ask her what she wanted to be when she grew up , she would say she wanted to join the Army . Stockwell 's parents thought she was going through a phase , but she joined the ROTC program while at the University of Colorado in Boulder . After graduating with a communications degree in 2002 , she was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army 's Transportation Corps . At 23 years old , Stockwell was deployed to Iraq in March 2004 . Less than a month later , her life changed forever . She was part of a routine convoy going through central Baghdad when a big explosion went off . "  Think of the loudest noise you can imagine and our vehicle starts to swerve , " she recalls . "  The woman in the front yells IED , IED , we 've hit an IED ! " Stockwell 's left leg was gone . "  It sounds strange , but as soon as I was told I did n't have my leg , I knew it was going to be OK , " the veteran says . "  I just kind of had this almost peaceful feeling that , alright , it 's going to be alright . Life is n't over . " While recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , Stockwell says she was inspired by other patients . "  You see these other soldiers and these other veterans that are missing two limbs , three limbs , sometimes four limbs ... and I looked at myself and I just really thought I 'm one of the lucky ones and I kind of made a decision then that I was going to live my life for those who could n't . " Stockwell learned to walk with her new leg and become independent , but she knew she would n't feel like herself until she got back into sports . Opinion : Every day should be Veterans Day "  Luckily there are organizations out there that really grab the wounded veterans from their hospital rooms and get them out doing things that they may not have ever done with two legs , " she says . Four months after her injury , she went skiing in Colorado . The experience gave her an incredible feeling of freedom and opened up a world of new possibilities . After spending a year at Walter Reed , the Purple Heart and Bronze Star recipient medically retired from the Army . Stockwell went back to school for a new career in prosthetics at Century College in Minnesota . "  Basically you fit amputees with artificial limbs , " she says . "  I did n't know the field existed until I needed a leg , but then I thought , ` Well that 's pretty cool . ' " After moving to Minnesota , she joined her first competitive swim team . A presentation about the Paralympics inspired her to fight for her country on a new battlefield . "  I dreamed of going to the Olympics when I was younger , " she says . "  And now it was almost like I had a second chance . So I decided to try in the sport of swimming . It was easy for me to swim . I did n't have to wear a prosthetic leg . " In 2008 , Stockwell became the first Iraq war veteran to be chosen for the U.S. Paralympic Team . She felt like her life had come full circle : "  It made me feel so , so alive . " Today the 32-year-old veteran works as a certified prosthetist at Scheck and Siress in Chicago and runs a triathlon club she started with friends Keri Schindler and Dan Tun two years ago . Dare2Tri provides adaptive equipment and coaches for athletes with disabilities . Cancer survivor and amputee Hailey Danisewicz says Dare2Tri has taught her that , "  my possibilities as a person are endless and that I can do anything that I put my mind to . " In October Danisewicz placed second at the Paratriathlon World Championships in New Zealand . First place , for the third consecutive year , went to her coach and mentor Melissa Stockwell .	Melissa Stockwell was deployed to Iraq with the U.S. Army in March 2004 Three weeks later , Stockwell 's Humvee hit a roadside bomb She lost her left leg , becoming the first female amputee in Operation Iraqi Freedom She swam in the 2008 Paralympics and now is a champion paratriathlete
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- American fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers , one of which buzzed a U.S. aircraft carrier in the western Pacific on Saturday , U.S. military officials told CNN Monday . Russia 's Defense Ministry said Tuesday that there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident . A ministry official said the flights are standard operating procedure for air force training . One of them twice flew about 2,000 feet over the deck of the USS Nimitz Saturday while another flew about 50 miles away , officials said . Two others were at least 100 miles away , the military reported . U.S. defense officials said four F/A -18 A fighter jets from the Nimitz were in the air . The Russians and the U.S. carrier did not exchange verbal communications . Watch U.S. aircraft carrier USS Nimitz " Four turboprop Tupolev-95 Bear bombers took off from Ukrainka Air Base , in Russia 's Far East , in the middle of the night , Japanese officials told The Associated Press , adding that one of the planes violated Japanese airspace . Russian bombers have been making flights over the western Pacific for several months . There have been eight incidents off Alaska since July . Among the latest , on September 5 , six F-15s from Elmendorf Air Force Base , adjacent to Anchorage , Alaska , intercepted six Russian bombers about 50 miles from the northwest coast of Alaska . Two similar incidents occurred in August , one near Cape Lisburne , Alaska , and the other near Cold Bay , Alaska , west of the Aleutian Islands . E-mail to a friend	Russia 's Defense Ministry says there was no violation of flight regulations One bomber twice flew about 2,000 feet over USS Nimitz deck , U.S. military says U.S. Defense officials say four F/A -18 A fighter jets from the Nimitz were in the air Japanese officials tell AP one of the planes violated their country 's airspace
CNN  -- Final : Germany 1-0 Argentina  After extra time Mario Gotze  113 mins Third and fourth place playoff : Brazil 0-3 Netherlands in Brasilia Robin van Persie pen  3 mins Daley Blind  16 mins Georginio Wijnaldum  90 +1 mins Schedule of matches  kickoff times GMT  : Thursday June 12 Group A : Brazil 3-1 Croatia in Sao Paulo Friday June 13 Group A : Mexico 1-0 Cameroon in Natal Group B : Spain 1-5 Netherlands in Salvador Group B : Chile 3-1 Australia in Cuiaba Saturday June 14 Group C : Colombia 3-0 Greece in Belo Horizonte Group D : Uruguay 1-3 Costa Rica in Fortaleza Group D : England 1-2 Italy in Manaus Group C : Ivory Coast 2-1 Japan in Recife Sunday June 15 Group E : Switzerland 2-1 Ecuador in Brasilia Group E : France 3-0 Honduras in Porto Alegre Group F : Argentina 2-1 Bosnia Herzegovina in Rio de Janeiro Monday June 16 Group G : Germany 4-0 Portugal in Salvador Group F : Iran 0-0 Nigeria in Curitiba Group G : Ghana 1-2 USA in Natal Tuesday June 17 Group H : Belgium 2-1 Algeria in Belo Horizonte Group A : Brazil 0-0 Mexico in Fortaleza Group H : Russia 1-1 South Korea in Cuiaba Wednesday June 18 Group B : Australia 2-3 Netherlands in Porto Alegre Group B : Spain 0-2 Chile in Rio Group A : Cameroon 0-4 Croatia in Manaus Thursday June 19 Group C : Colombia 2-1 Ivory Coast in Brasilia Group D : Uruguay 2-1 England in Sao Paulo Group C : Japan 0-0 Greece in Natal Friday June 20 Group D : Italy 0-1 Costa Rica in Recife Group E : Switzerland 2-5 France in Salvador Group E : Honduras 1-2 Ecuador in Curitiba Saturday June 21 Group F : Argentina 1-0 Iran in Belo Horizonte Group G : Germany 2-2 Ghana in Fortaleza Group F : Nigeria 1-0 Bosnia Herzegovina in Cuiaba Sunday June 22 Group H : Belgium 1-0 Russia in Rio de Janeiro Group H : South Korea 2-4 Algeria in Porto Alegre Group G : USA 2-2 Portugal in Manaus Monday June 23 Group B : Netherlands 2-0 Chile in Sao Paulo Group B : Australia 0-3 Spain in Curitiba Group A : Brazil 4-1 Cameroon in Brasilia Group A : Croatia 1-3 Mexico in Recife Tuesday June 24 Group D : Italy 0-1 Uruguay in Natal Group D : Costa Rica 0-0 England in Belo Horizonte Group C : Japan 1-4 Colombia in Cuiaba Group C : Greece 2-1 Ivory Coast in Fortaleza Wednesday June 25 Group F : Nigeria 2-3 Argentina in Porto Alegre Group F : Bosnia Herzegovina 3-1 Iran in Salvador Group E : Honduras 0-3 Switzerland in Manaus Group E : Ecuador 0-0 France in Rio de Janeiro Thursday June 26 Group G : Portugal 2-1 Ghana in Brasilia Group G : USA 0-1 Germany in Recife Group H : South Korea 0-1 Belgium in Sao Paulo Group H : Algeria 1-1 Russia in Curitiba Last-16 knockout matches : Saturday June 28 Match 49 : Brazil 1-1 Chile in Belo Horizonte  Brazil wins 3-2 on penalties Match 50 : Colombia 2-0 Uruguay in Rio de Janeiro Sunday June 29 Match 51 : Netherlands 2-1 Mexico in Fortaleza Match 52 : Costa Rica 1-1 Greece in Recife  Costa Rica wins 5-3 on penalties Monday June 30 : Match 53 : France 2-0 Nigeria in Brasilia Match 54 : Germany 2-1 Algeria in Porto Alegre  After extra time Tuesday July 1 Match 55 : Argentina 1-0 Switzerland in Sao Paulo  After extra time Match 56 : Belgium 2-1 USA in Salvador  After extra time Quarterfinals : Friday July 4 Match 57 : Germany 1-0 France in Rio de Janeiro Match 58 : Brazil 2-1 Colombia in Fortaleza Saturday July 5 Match 59 : Argentina 1-0 Belgium in Brasilia Match 60 : Netherlands 0-0 Costa Rica in Salvador  Netherlands wins 4-3 on penalties Semifinals Tuesday July 8 Match 61 : Germany 7-1 Brazil in Belo Horizonte Wednesday July 9 Match 62 : Argentina 0-0 Netherlands in Sao Paulo  Argentina wins 4-2 on penalties Third and fourth place playoff Saturday July 12 Match 63 : Brazil 0-3 Netherlands in Brasilia Final Sunday July 13 Match 64 : Germany 1-0 Argentina in Rio de Janeiro	World Cup kicked off June 12 with host Brazil beating Croatia 32 teams are divided into eight groups of four teams Top two teams in each group go to knockout stages Final takes place on Sunday July 13 in Rio de Janeiro
Mogadishu  CNN  -- A female soldier roughly passes her hands over the waistband of my jeans as a finishing touch to the most intimate pat down I 've ever received . But we 're not done yet , a metal detector is then passed in unusually close contact with my skin . Up down , over and around . And that 's just to get through the first gate . At the second entrance , a Somali close protection officer bars the way and Special Forces officers crowd around as our camera is switched off and on to prove it is indeed a camera . Even though we had traveled in with African Union soldiers tasked with escorting the President , suspicions still had to be assuaged . And if all this seems extreme , it is n't . On his second day in office , Hassan Sheikh Mohamud was targeted by the al-Qaeda linked militant group al-Shabaab , and even on this day , as we drive through town , we pass the still-smoking wreckage of the Somali Minister of Interior 's convoy . A car filled with explosives drove into his flag car , detonating on impact . Fortunately for the Minister he was n't in the car at the time . Eight civilians , though , were killed on the street . Read more : Suicide bomber targets Qatari delegation in Somalia , 8 dead And yet , Mahmud insisted on keeping this appointment at an opening of a hotel in Deynile , on the outskirts of Mogadishu where Al-Shabaab still have a presence . If he 's worried he did n't look it , smiling from behind his wrap-around shades as women dressed in the Somali flag sing traditional songs of welcome . Eventually he is brought to us around the back of the courtyard for our scheduled interview -- but not before the perimeter is repeatedly swept . Read more : Dozens dead in Somali courthouse attack In an open-air space like this , though , there is only so much his men can do . Especially when his enemies are willing to die for the cause . The president tells me he is aware that these trips he makes cause consternation among his advisers , but he has absolutely no intention of stopping . He says they send the most powerful message of all -- that al-Shabaab no longer call the shots in Mogadishu .	Somali president attended a hotel opening in Mogadishu 's militant occupied outskirts He was targeted by al-Qaeda-linked group al-Shabaab on his second day in office The president tells CNN that al-Shabaab "  no longer call the shots in Mogadishu "
CNN  -- Sandy churned up a tragic deluge for millions of East Coast residents , but in mountainous West Virginia , the hurricane morphed into an unforgettable killer snow storm . The state sits hundreds of miles southwest of where the brunt of Sandy hit . Nonetheless , it shut off electricity to more than 200,000 customers , officials said , and claimed the lives of at least five people . "  When they describe it in terms of it being a once-in-a-lifetime storm it sounds cliche , but it is exactly that , " said CNN iReporter Allison Vencel from her home in Morgantown . She should know . She used to live in Alaska . It was very much like an Alaskan blizzard , Vencel said , describing it as "  absolutely the most unique storm situation I have ever seen . Just a monster . " Because it slammed into the region at night , Vencel said the storm was largely invisible . "  You could n't see it , as much as you could feel and hear the swaying of the trees , " she said , remembering the howling wind and glimpses of snow flying sideways . Related : Read Vencel 's iReport When it was all over , Morgantown and much of the rest of the state found itself buried in heavy snow and fallen trees . Officials said 28 of the state 's 55 counties were hit by snowfall . "  It was a triple punch to West Virginia , " Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin told CNN . "  Lots of heavy rain that turned into blizzard conditions , and high winds . " On Wednesday , conditions remained dangerous . Officials offered examples of the randomness of Sandy 's wrath across the state . One 60-year-old man was killed by a falling tree . Elswhere , a 65-year-old man died from a heart attack while shoveling snow . In a third instance , a woman lost her life in a weather-related traffic accident . As Sandy weakened , residents and utility workers focused on the widespread power outages . Roads were being cleared to allow electric companies to repair damaged power lines . One company alone , Tomblin said , had lost 50 . CNN iReporter Richard Kuhn , 61 , was hunkered down in Elkins , where "  snow is very heavy on tree limbs and wires . " Breaking branches and falling trees are not uncommon , he reported via a small electric generator and a DSL Internet connection . "  Almost everything is closed , " including gas stations , reported Kuhn . Some stores , he said , were selling goods cash only . Related : Read Kuhn 's iReport "  Restoring power is the the thing we are working hardest on , " said the governor . West Virginia is no stranger to storms -- just three months ago , a storm knocked out power in all but two counties . What made Sandy worse was the combination of no power and freezing temperatures . "  The problem is the wet snow , " said Greg Philips , a state highway manager in charge of snow plows . "  It 's really hard to get -LSB- it -RSB- off the road and it 's really heavy . " The snow gets so bad , he told CNN affiliate WDTV , that after clearing one section of highway , "  you look behind you and it 's covered again . It 's a non-ending project to get the roads opened up . " In some areas , the heavy snow threatened building roofs . In one of the state 's hardest hit areas , Nicholas County , Sandy dumped three to five inches of snow , triggering roofs on seven buildings to collapse , reported CNN affiliate WCHS . Amazingly , no injuries were reported . In nearby Randolph County , resident Carolyn Houk told WDTV she called authorities when she feared her snowy roof would collapse . "  I do n't like asking for help , " Houk said . "  But my goodness , if I do n't get something done -- I 'm going to wind up getting hurt . "	Five deaths have been confirmed in West Virginia State was hit with blizzard-like conditions from Superstorm Sandy More than 200,000 people remained without power
CNN  -- The man suspected of a series of sex attacks that left an Oklahoma city on edge this summer has died , authorities said , two weeks after crashing his car as he fled the scene of one of the alleged assaults . Desmond Campbell , 30 , was presented with charges related to seven sex crimes last week , even though he was in a hospital bed -- unresponsive and in critical condition from the wreck , Tulsa Police Chief Chuck Jordan said . The state medical examiner 's office confirmed Campbell 's death to CNN Tuesday . "  We were prepared to file 23 felony crimes against him , including rape , robbery and first degree burglary , " Assistant District Attorney for Tulsa County Steve Kunzweiler said . There were eight linked cases of sexual assault in Tulsa in June , according to police . They were initially linked through specific actions and statements the suspect made during the attacks . The victims were between 56-78 years old , except for one , who was 29 . Campbell was identified as a suspect after an analysis of a "  tremendous amount of absolutely miraculous evidence collection and crime scene investigation , " Jordan said . The speeding car he was traveling in struck a light pole on an interstate early on the morning of June 29 , about 10 minutes after one of his alleged sexual assaults , Jordan said earlier this month . Campbell , who was not wearing a seat belt , suffered severe head injuries . A complete autopsy , including toxicology tests , will be performed . Results wo n't be available for at least six to nine weeks , the state medical examiner 's office told CNN . "  The death of Mr. Campbell is not going to provide any justice to these victims in a criminal court of law . The justice he will face will come from a higher authority , " Kunzweiler said . Campbell was released from prison in late April after convictions in Oklahoma City for attempted robbery , attempted kidnapping and robbery , and robbery with a dangerous weapon , Jordan said . He was imprisoned in 2007 .	Desmond Campbell was in critical condition , unresponsive after June 29 wreck Authorities say he was fleeing an alleged sexual assault Campbell is suspected in at least eight attacks in Tulsa in June
Silverstone , England  CNN  -- It has taken over 20 years , but a woman was back on the track in the male-dominated world of Formula One . Unfortunately not for very long . Susie Wolff became the first female since 1992 to take part in an F1 weekend , but after just four laps at Friday 's British Grand Prix practice session the 31-year-old Scot had to retire because of an oil pressure problem . "  It was a really tough day , " a dejected Wolff told reporters at the historic Silverstone circuit , after her stricken car was hoisted back to the pits . "  But that 's F1 sometimes . "  Although there has been a lot of media around my run , when it 's just you in the car it 's the best feeling . "  I felt very ready for today -- I knew in my head what I had to do , it was good to get that first run of a race weekend in the bag . " Wolff 's best time of one minute and 44.212 seconds was set at the very start of the session and was not representative of her ultimate pace . Claire Williams -- deputy team principal of her father 's eponymous race team and another strong female role model in the sport -- explained the team did not need to judge Wolff 's driving abilities during her practice debut . "  That was heartbreaking really , " said Williams . "  The rest of the team are so disappointed for Susie as she 's put in so much effort and hard work and she 's been subjected to so much scrutiny . "  It was nothing that she did , it was an issue with the car that we are investigating . " Williams ' deputy team principal praised Wolff for her diligence ahead of the session . "  We do n't have a question mark over her , " Williams told the media . "  We 're not running her to see how good she is , that 's not what we 're doing . "  She knows the car , she 's done a lot of preparation in the simulator , she 's spent a lot of time with the engineers and she 's perfectly competent in the car without causing any hindrance to the team . "  She goes out there with her peers in a competitive situation . " Wolff , who competed for six years in the popular German touring car championship before joining F1 , has been up against it both on and off the track . As the wife of Mercedes executive director Toto Wolff , who also owns just over 10 % of the Williams team , she has had to bat away suggestions that she owes her opportunity behind the wheel to nepotism . "  I 've always said he 's my biggest supporter and also my biggest critic , " said Wolff at Silverstone . "  He knew I had to go out there and do a good job today . He 's also quite sad that I did n't get the chance to show it . He would have loved it if I 'd have done the session and done a good job . " Williams ' deputy team principal has also had to deny employing Wolff as the team 's development driver was just a publicity stunt . "  It would be naive to say that having a female on board does n't bring you commercial benefit but everybody knows that Williams is a serious racing team , " she said . "  We 're not only going to do something because it 's a marketing gimmick or could bring us in a load of dollars . "  Susie has n't bought in those dollars and we have n't had any expectation that she would . She has to deliver technically which she 's done . " There was also support for Wolff from her British peers at Silverstone -- former world champions Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button . "  She 's very , very talented , " said Mercedes driver Hamilton , who raced against her in his junior career in karting and Formula Renault . "  It 's really cool to see her in a Formula One car . "  I did n't race against many girls . Susie was one of the very few , if not the only one , I raced against . We shared a podium together a couple of times . " McLaren 's Button added : "  She 's already driven in a test this year and went very well . It 'll be good to see her on track . " Wolff will get a second chance to make her mark in first practice at the next grand prix in Germany . "  I 've still got one more shot at it , " said the 31-year-old Wolff . "  So , head up high and look forward to Hockenheim . "  I did n't prove or show anything today . I really want to use that opportunity to show what I can do . "  To get into an F1 car is so difficult that you want to maximize it . " Asked why it had taken more than 20 years for a female racer to be given another opportunity in a competitive F1 session , Wolff told CNN : "  Firstly , if there is no role model out there doing it , for all the little girls who come to the tracks and watch on TV , if they do n't see a girl on track then they 're not inspired to want to do that themselves . "  That then leads to the second problem that there 's not enough girls karting or starting at a young age . Interactive : CNN 's guide to Silverstone "  But sometimes in life you just need a chance , and I got that chance with the Williams team -- Frank and Claire gave me that big break . " Williams -- who grew up in motorsport 's macho environment -- told CNN : "  I 'm always a believer that it 's up to individuals to come up and do it and that has n't happened for whatever reason . " Giovanna Amati was the last woman to drive in the sport when she attempted to qualify for a race in 1992 . The Italian was competing in an era of F1 when there were only 26 spots on the grid and more than 30 cars pushing for those places . Amati , driving for the Brabham team , attempted to qualify at three races but was not able to break through with a largely uncompetitive car . Of the seven women to join the F1 world championship , only two have ever qualified to start a race . The most prolific of these was Italian Lella Lombardi , who started 12 grands prix in the 1970s . Lombardi made history while driving with March at a difficult 1975 Spanish Grand Prix , becoming the only woman to register a point-scoring finish in a grand prix . The late Maria de Villota , who died in October last year , also began her F1 career along with Wolff when she was signed as a development driver by the Marussia team in 2012 .	Susie Wolff became the first woman in 22 years to take to the track at an F1 grand prix But the Scot only lasted four laps before engine failure forced her to withdraw Wolff will have another chance to drive in practice ahead of the German Grand Prix The 31-year-old drives for the Williams F1 team
In what it called the "  largest amount of financial relief ever obtained for deceptive charitable fundraising , " the New York State Attorney General 's office has reached a nearly $ 25 million settlement with one of the nation 's biggest direct-mail companies . The settlement calls for damages of just under $ 10 million and forgiveness of debt for another $ 13.8 million against Quadriga Art , whose clients include some of the nation 's most well-known charities . A three-year CNN investigation into Quadriga Art and its profiteering off donations made to U.S. veterans has led to a fine that New York regulators say is precedent-setting . This potentially could change how professional fundraisers operate in the state of New York and possibly the entire country . The total settlement prevents Quadriga from engaging in what it calls a "  funded model " of beginning new charities -- paying all of the start-up costs and fundraising costs in advance in hopes of profit down the road . In particular , the settlement zeroes in on Quadriga 's relationship with a charity based in Washington called the Disabled Veterans National Foundation , founded in 2007 . After direct-mail payments , little left for veterans CNN has been reporting on Quadriga and the veterans foundation since the fall of 2010 , broadcasting a series of reports that showed the charity sending practically all of the millions it raised back to Quadriga as payment for the direct-mail campaign . Almost none of the cash left over went to veterans , the CNN investigation found . As a result of CNN 's reporting , the Senate Finance Committee began an investigation of Quadriga and the veterans foundation . So did the New York State Attorney General 's office . The Senate investigation is ongoing , according to a spokesman for the committee . The New York state investigation found that for all intents and purposes , the charity was a front for Quadriga . "  From the very beginning , " the state said , "  the investigation found DVNF lacked independence from its principal fundraiser , Quadriga . Quadriga 's lawyer 's got the charity up and running and drafted the fundraising counsel agreement that DVNF signed . " In all , the charity raised $ 116 million since 2008 but returned $ 104 million of it to Quadriga , according to the attorney general . And of that leftover funds , much of it was sent in the form of donations that one prosecutor said was "  dreck " -- M&M candy , chef 's hats and coats and leftover shoes that no one wanted . The settlement was signed by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman . State Attorney : Actions were ` pretty despicable ' "  To take the money that people are trying to spend to help disabled veterans just to feed your own overhead and to pay off your executives as Quadriga did here is pretty despicable , " Schneiderman told CNN . Quadriga president and CEO Mark Schulhof said in a statement that he has "  taken responsibility for the mistakes that were made " in its dealings with the veterans charity . "  We deeply apologize for our actions and for any adverse impact they may have had on our industry , " he said . Schulhof also said his uncle , Tommy Schulhof , had resigned as the company 's chairman of the board . Under terms of the settlement , the founding board members of the charity are resigning and the charity can no longer do business with Quadriga for three years unless the company is a legitimate low bidder and prosecutors agree . A spokesman for the Disabled Veterans National Foundation , Timothy Gillis , said the settlement "  actually strengthens " the charity . It was n't just veterans ; it was also Native American children	New York state reaches a nearly $ 25 million settlement with Quadriga Art Quadriga is a direct-mail company and worked with a veterans foundation Three-year CNN investigation found very little was actually going to veterans Prosecutor said veterans got M&M candy , chef 's hats and unwanted shoes
CNN  -- America has spent $ 12 billion getting ready for the big game Sunday . Now it 's time to cook the wings , prepare the dip , order the pizza , put the beer on ice . The San Francisco 49ers are favored to win their sixth NFL title , but can the Baltimore Ravens send their magnificent , but controversial , linebacker Ray Lewis into retirement with a second championship ring ? Will the Baltimore defense be able to stop young quarterback Colin Kaepernick from beating them with his right arm and his legs ? Who will win the battle of super siblings ? Who will have the best commercial ? Will it be sexy or funny ? Will the halftime show be live ? OK , Beyonc assures us it will . Here are five other story lines you might be talking about around the snack table before the game kicks off in New Orleans at 6:30 p.m. ET : 1 . Some fans are ` Switzerland ' Indiana Hoosiers basketball coach Tom Crean will be one of the 72,000 fans at the game . But he and his wife , Joani , and her parents wo n't be pulling for the Ravens to maul the 49ers or for San Francisco to knock off Baltimore . You see Joani 's brothers , John and Jim Harbaugh , are the two opposing head coaches in the big game . John coaches the Ravens , Jim leads San Francisco . "  I get , ` Which brother are you rooting for ? ' " Joani told the New York Times . "  I 'm sure it 's a joke . I 'm neutral . I 'm Switzerland . " In a perfect world , Jackie Harbaugh would like to see the Super Bowl end in a tie , but she and her husband , Jack , know they will have one son on Sunday night who 'll be ecstatic and one who 'll be melancholy . Join our Super Bowl hangout online "  There is going to be one winner and there is going to be one who is going to be totally disappointed , " said Jack Harbaugh , who coached for 43 years . " My thoughts go to that one that will not experience the thrill of victory . That 's where our thoughts will be . " And mom and dad , married for 51 years , will be there to make things a little better . "  We 're going to hug both of them and tell them how proud we are of them and their teams , " Jackie Harbaugh said . The old coach said he was just as proud of his sons this week as he was in the days when they each told him they made the junior high or high school football team . Or when they said they earned a college scholarship -- Jim to Michigan and John to Miami University in Ohio . "  The thrill that you feel -- I know this is on a big stage -- but in parenting , those do n't rank any differently , " he said . 2 . "  Reverend Ray " inspires , draws criticism At Pastor Jamal Bryant 's church , God is on the Ravens ' side . And why not ? Bryant is Ray Lewis ' pastor , the man who helped lead Lewis to redemption . People at the Empowerment Temple AME Church call Lewis "  Reverend Ray . " Bryant says the title fits . "  He 's a jack leg preacher without a license , no Bible college , but it 's just in him , " Bryant said . "  He 's spoken here a couple of times , I 've put him up to do our Bible study , and he 's like Billy Graham and Bishop  T.D.  Jakes wrapped into one . " Fans say Lewis ' in-your-face faith and extensive community service is beautifully sincere . His critics find it phony -- a redemption tour with no true redemption . "  Redemption ? Stop acting like you are one of those people that come out of the Bible , " Greg Wilson told CNN . Thirteen years ago , Wilson 's nephew , Jacinth Baker , and his buddy , Richard Lollar , were stabbed to death outside of an Atlanta nightclub . Lewis and two others were charged in their killings . Opinion : Keep dancing for Jesus , Ray Lewis ! Four months later , Lewis pleaded guilty to misdemeanor obstruction of justice . A jury acquitted Joseph Sweeting and Reginald Oakley . "  It was self-defense for me because someone attacked me , " Oakley told CNN . Today , Lewis insists whatever happened in Atlanta changed him . "  With everything I 've been through in my whole life , the thing for me to be here today and my only purpose in life is to find ways to help people and encourage people and make our world a better place , " he said . Bryant compares Lewis to the biblical figure King David . "  David was a man after God 's own heart , after committing adultery , after committing murder , after being negligent on the job , after being taken out of position , " Bryant said . "  He 's still somebody who God honored , and I think that many times history ca n't appreciate it while you 're in it , it 's only after you walk away . " That is the definition of redemption , Bryant said . It 's not what you 've done , it 's what you 've become . 3 . From starter to mentor Alex Smith ca n't help but be a little disappointed even though the 49ers are in the game of their lives . Just a few months ago , Smith was San Francisco 's starting quarterback before a concussion sent him to the sideline . Kaepernick , the second-year backup , played even better than Smith , stayed in the lineup and had a big role in getting the 49ers to the Super Bowl . He said Smith has been supportive since losing his spot . "  It means a lot , " Kaepernick said this week . "  I think it really shows his character and the kind of man he is . He 's helped me through everything , from Week 1 'til now . " The non-fan 's guide to Super Bowl parties Smith , who is healthy again , said he said he became a starter in college at Utah when their No. 1 quarterback went down . "  I 'd be pretty hypocritical to be upset about it , " Smith said . "  It 's the nature of sports . He got an opportunity , stepped up and made the most of it . " NBC Sports reported this week that Smith will ask to be released in the offseason , giving him greater control of which team he will play for next . The 49ers also could trade him , or keep him , but not many teams would want to pay their backup quarterback $ 8.5 million . It 's unlikely Harbaugh will pull Kaepernick if he struggles , but if he is injured the 49ers have little to worry about in his replacement . 4 . Distractions , distractions , distractions This Super Bowl has had more distractions than most . First there was Lewis being asked whether he had taken a banned substance called deer antler spray . Then 49ers cornerback Chris Culliver said Tuesday he did n't want any gay players on his team . Add to that the story of TV analyst Dan Marino fathering a child out of wedlock and San Francisco 's Randy Moss boasting he was the best receiver of all time  to which Jerry Rice replied , "  Scoreboard . " Players were sure the media circus would n't affect Super Bowl XLVII . "  You get to play at this level because most of the guys are mentally tough , so when you get out there , the last thing you 're going to be thinking about is what people are saying , " 49ers center Jonathan Goodwin said . Puppy Bowl Sunday : Survival of the cutest Ravens center Matt Birk said the being a professional football player requires staying focused at the task at hand , something some guys ca n't handle . He said he compartmentalizes the bad stuff , blocks it out . Patrick Willis , a 49ers linebacker , defended Culliver . "  In this business , it 's always going to be something , and we know those guys , " he said . "  We know those guys ' hearts . We know that those things that come out of their mouths are n't intended to hurt anyone or intended to make it about them . " Culliver apologized Wednesday and again Thursday , saying : "  I 'm sorry that I offended anyone . They were very ugly comments , and that 's not what I feel in my heart . Hopefully , I can learn and grow from this experience and this situation . I love San Francisco . " 5 . New Orleans on the comeback The Big Easy is playing host to its 10th Super Bowl and even though locals are crushed that the hometown Saints are n't playing in the game , they are happy to show a city that has rebounded strongly from Hurricane Katrina seven years ago . "  We 're in an economic resurrection of the city , " actor and businessman Wendell Pierce said . "  This is a point in time that people will remember that New Orleans was on its way back . We came from total destruction and now we 're hosting one of the great events known to the world . " The New Orleans Tourism Marketing Corp. says the big game served as a goal line to cross for more than $ 1 billion in improvements to the city . Much of that was spent fixing up the airport , where most fans will get a first impression of the city that depends heavily on tourism . New Orleans officials hope that some of the fans do n't pack up and leave on Monday . After all , there 's another big event going on . Mardi Gras ! it 's the best time ever , Pierce said . "  You 're right in the middle of the greatest street party in the history of the world , Mardi Gras , " he said . "  To have the Super Bowl join that , it 's one of the most festive times to be here in New Orleans . We 're going to have great food , great time and one of the greatest games in ... world sports . " ` Super Gras ' a big score for New Orleans CNN 's Carol Costello contributed to this report .	There will be plenty of time to kill when you get to the Super Bowl party hours before kickoff One of the things to discuss are the brothers Harbaugh and how their family remains neutral Ravens linebacker has gone from murder suspect to Reverend Ray Host city wants to show America how far it has come since Hurricane Katrina
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- For writer John Aravosis , Edward "  Ted " Kennedy 's early support for gay rights was very important to a community that has faced a history steeped in discrimination . Gay rights advocates say Sen. Ted Kennedy was a staunch supporter for their cause . "  On gay rights , he was absurdly helpful for a straight senator back before gay rights were popular , " he said . Aravosis , who runs AmericaBlog -- a political site that often focuses on gay rights issues -- said it was Kennedy who sparked his interest in the movement . "  For me it was particularly personal since he gave me my start in gay rights , " he said . "  I started doing volunteer work in his office in 1993 when I was still working for a Republican senator . " Unabashedly liberal , Kennedy had a long track record in support of gay rights . Former Massachusetts state Sen. Jarrett Barrios -- and incoming President of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation praised the Democratic senator 's work . "  In those early years , his support may have turned heads but -LSB- that -RSB- did n't dampen his support -- and eventually helped change hearts and minds about LGBT -LSB- Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender -RSB- equality in the Senate and around the country , " he said in a statement . Kennedy 's death , Barrios noted , is deeply personal . "  He was a friend whom I worked with on many issues in the Massachusetts senate , and my husband Doug and I have the print he gave us for our wedding framed at home , " he said . "  His passing is a loss for many of us who knew him , and all of us who benefited from his uncompromising support of our full equality . " Since his death warm wishes and remembrances have poured in from the gay community around the country . Marc Solomon , marriage director of Equality California , said he lost "  one of my heroes . " "  Thank you Sen. Kennedy , for making a future for us all that is more compassionate , more equitable , more just -- for LGBT people , for immigrants , for people of color , for those living in poverty , for every one of us . Your passion for justice and your fight burn on in us all , " he wrote Thursday in Bay Windows , an LGBT newspaper serving New England . Watch more on Kennedy 's life and career " Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said the nation has "  lost its greatest champion and strongest voice for justice , fairness , and compassion . The loss to our community is immeasurable . " "  There was no greater hero for advocates of LGBT equality than Sen. Ted Kennedy , " he said in a statement . Solmonese 's group has repeatedly given Kennedy a 100 percent on its congressional scorecards for supporting gay rights . "  From the early days of the AIDS epidemic , to our current struggle for marriage equality he has been our protector , our leader , our friend . He has been the core of the unfinished quest for civil rights in this country and there is now a very painful void , " Solmonese said . Kennedy co-sponsored the 1990 Ryan White CARE Act , which passed the same year . Later in 1996 , he co-sponsored a bill to reverse the discharge of HIV-positive members of the military . He was also a staunch defender of hate crimes legislation in his Senate career . Kennedy was a key sponsor of the 2009 Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention Act , named after young gay man who was killed . The bill was approved by the Senate in July . "  No member of the LGBT community should be terrified to walk down the street for fear of hateful violence . Hate crimes perpetrators must not be allowed to place our communities in fear , " he has said in the past . Kennedy also opposed the military 's "  Do n't ask , Do n't tell " policy adopted in 1993 . The policy , which is still in place , ended the military 's practice of asking potential service members if they were gay , but required the dismissal of openly gay service members . And on the controversial topic of same-sex marriage , Kennedy was at the forefront of opposing legislative efforts seeking to ban it . In 1996 , he opposed the Clinton-era Defense of Marriage Act -- which is currently the law -- and fought to repeal it throughout the years . "  America stands for justice for all . Congress must make clear that when we say ` all ' we mean all . America will never be America until we do , " he said in a 2007 statement . In 2004 , Kennedy lent his voice to the gay marriage debate in 2004 when the Massachusetts Supreme Court approved of same-sex marriage . It was the first state in the nation to do so , and paved the way for others states -- including Connecticut , Iowa , Maine , New Hampshire and Vermont -- to follow suit . "  He played a critical role in helping protect the right of same-sex couples to marry in his beloved home state of Massachusetts , " Solomon said . But Kennedy 's views on same-sex marriage have come at odds with not only the Republican party , but also with close friends and allies in his own party -- most notably with President Obama , who is against same-sex marriage . Despite the differences , Kennedy -- known for reaching across the aisle to get legislation passed -- was steadfast , advocates note , in his support for equal rights . For Solomon , Kennedy 's commitment and work was a truly enlightening experience . "  Working with Sen. Kennedy meant working in his aura . His work was always surrounded with mystique , " he said .	Sen. Edward "  Ted " Kennedy had a long track record in support of gay rights Gay right advocate on Kennedy 's death : "  I lost one of my heroes " Kennedy played a critical role in same-sex marriage debate , advocates say
FAIRHOPE/MOBILE , Ala.  CNN  -- One moment , Garrett Gilkey was standing on his big stage . The next moment , he was being plowed under it . There was a small crater in the turf where the 314-pound Gilkey tried to dig in his cleats and stop the charge of John Jenkins , a 359-pound defensive tackle from the University of Georgia . Gilkey is an offensive lineman from Chadron State , an outpost in northwest Nebraska , and NFL scouts were gathered around to see if the player from a small Division II school could block a player from a Goliath of college football , a school from the mighty Southeastern Conference . Jenkins thrust his powerful claws straight into Gilkey 's chest and it was an instant mismatch . Big beat little , for the moment . It was a one-on-one drill at a practice for the Senior Bowl , a college football all-star game , which is the next step in the 2013 NFL draft process . Gilkey was shoved back by Jenkins and left standing on a white towel , which was the imaginary quarterback Gilkey was supposed to protect . This would have been a sack in a real game , the quarterback in a heap at the feet of Jenkins , and Gilkey humiliated . Gilkey , a small-college nobody , did not pick up that white towel and start waving it as a flag of surrender . He was n't going to be defined by one stinking play . The next snap in the one-on-one drill with Jenkins , Gilkey quick-setted Jenkins , which means he hit him first . If the big guy from Georgia was going to bull rush Gilkey in a drill with a helmet and no pads where coaches want to see players work with their hands , not power , Gilkey would counter with his own shifty move . He did n't take a step back to pass protect , he attacked Jenkins with a block . "  Punched him right in the face mask , " said Gilkey , whose long blond hair flowed out of the back of his helmet . Then he smiled . "  I 'm small school , he 's big school . There might have been a few moments of awe because of the stage we 're on here , being here in front of a lot of scouts , but after that first hit , it 's just football . You have to show something here , some competitiveness . You do n't let people intimidate you because you are from a small school . " Jenkins was with Gilkey on every point . "  I encourage him and others to come on , let 's go , if they feel they have to make a name for themselves against me , " Jenkins said . "  I know he 's on the big stage , but I 've got to eat same as he 's got to eat . " It was like that all week here at the Senior Bowl workouts . There are 700 NFL personnel studying 106 college players up close in advance of the April 25-27 draft . It is not only North vs. South in the game , but it is big school vs. small school , big name vs. no name . They will play the game at 4 p.m. ET on Saturday , but the skirmishes Monday through Friday at the practices are the real prize here for scouts and NFL draft wonks . Players like Georgia 's Jenkins are on television throughout the fall . They have less of a task getting space on stage at a prestigious game like the Senior Bowl . Gilkey , who is 6-foot-5 , 314 pounds , has to depend more on the keen eye of scouts . A tape of a Chadron State game was sent to Phil Savage , the Senior Bowl executive director , who is responsible for issuing invitations and making sure legitimate NFL prospects are in the game . Savage watched the tape and saw Gilkey keeping his feet during a driving snowstorm on a slick field and still protecting the quarterback . Brandon Williams , a 341-pound defensive tackle from Missouri Southern , sent a tape showing him walking on his hands displaying spectacular upper body strength . Savage invited Williams , too . It is a little gimmicky , but you do what you have to do . The Senior Bowl is a melting pot of talent . Eric Fisher , an offensive lineman from Central Michigan , is playing on the same team as Denard Robinson , the star quarterback from Michigan , who is here as a wide receiver/kick returner . Once here , small school can make plays over big school . Leon McFadden , a cornerback from San Diego State , dashed in front of the Georgia wide receiver Tavarres King to make a one-handed interception . "  When you make a play like that , you flush it , forget about it , and keep it rolling and show scouts you can do that play after play , " McFadden said . "  Do n't make one play out here and think it 's enough . " McFadden thought back to his interception and smiled wide . "  Anybody from anywhere can play this game , " he said . He 's right about that . Margus Hunt is from Estonia . He is 6-foot-8 , 277 pounds and is the former junior world record holder in the discus . Hunt played college football at Southern Methodist and is turning heads here with "  freakish " athletic ability . Ezekiel Ansah is a 6-foot-5 , 274-pound defensive end from Brigham Young , by way of Ghana . He played college football just 2 1/2 seasons and is projected as a high-round pick in the draft . There are two scouting services for NFL teams , Blesto and National Football Scouting , who scour the outposts , those small schools , and file reports for 28 NFL teams  four teams do not subscribe to the services  . NFL teams have their own scouts who endure plenty of windshield time driving to small schools spread around the country to get a peek at a player . When word of a 314-pound lineman with quick feet spread , NFL teams flocked to Chadron , Nebraska , to see Gilkey . Savage said NFL scouts will try to stay mum on a prospect from a small school to keep teams off the scent . "  I sent a questionnaire out with Gilkey 's name on it , along with some other names , and asked whether these players should be invited and all the scouts said yes , yes , yes to the others and no to Gilkey , " said Savage , a former scout and general manager . "  I knew something was up when they all said no . They were trying to sit on him . I got some tape , looked at him , and invited him . " There are some things that have nothing to do with skill that NFL scouts look for in a prospect , be they from big schools or little schools . "  I like to see if they get along , " said Ted Thompson , the general manager of the Green Bay Packers . "  It 's an indication that they like to play the game . Most of the good ones like the whole process , the time in the locker room , and the practices . "  This game is a lot more than playing Saturdays and Sundays . You look at a guy and you say ` Is he a good , old-fashioned country ballplayer , or not ? ' " If Savage did his work in selecting these teams -- and most scouts think he did with the help of all his NFL contacts -- 90 to 95 of the 106 players at the Senior Bowl will be drafted in the seven rounds . The other 10 to 16 players will be part of "  college free agency . " They can sign with any team as "  undrafted free agents . " Teams have approximately $ 75,000 in bonus money to use to invite undrafted players to their preseason camps . As Garrett Gilkey and others will prove , the NFL welcome mat is wide and wide open . The small-school player can walk through the same door as the big-school player .	The Senior Bowl , a college football game , is a major step in the 2013 NFL draft process All eyes are on Garrett Gilkey , offensive lineman from Chadron State College in Nebraska Ray Glier : NFL teams flocked to Chadron when word spread of a quick 314-pound lineman Gilkey : "  You do n't let people intimidate you because you are from a small school "
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- Til death do us part . On my wedding day , I will not be saying that sentence . Not that I 'm not in it to win it -- I am -- only that if two people are told they can never leave , how do they know the other really wants to stay ? Marriage is hard enough without the specter of death being the only way out hanging over our heads . To me , it 's just another fire and brimstone tactic absentmindedly handed down from generation to generation just to get people to stay in line . Or give them comfort that once they kiss , they will always be there for each other . But it 's a lot harder than that and sometimes things do n't work out . Recognizing that does n't threaten the relationship , it just means you 're paying attention . And in a country with a healthy divorce rate and prenuptial agreements -- which are essentially Plan Bs before the ink on Plan A is even dry -- I think it 's safe to assume there are a lot of examples of things not working out to pay attention to . This is one of the areas where the evangelical church needs to grow most -- learning how to minister to a society that can no longer be scared straight . The fearmongering has been undermined by hypocrisy , and the younger generations now find themselves in the enviable position of marrying and staying married because they want to , not because they 're afraid not to . A recent Pew study found that the number of Americans 18 and older who are married dropped from 72 % in 1960 to 57 % in 2000 to 51 % today . Combine that with the declining divorce rate , people getting married later in life and with seven in 10 millennials saying it 's OK to have premarital sex  according to Public Religion Research Institute  , and what you have is a generation that is totally over having their sex lives managed by people they 're not having sex with . Now some religious conservatives would deem this perfect storm humanism and proclaim that the very fabric of society is fraying . They need to say these things because , well , this new-found empowerment threatens a business model that is based on fear . But church attendance has not been declining since the 1970s because people are shacking up . It 's because the church as a whole has become stagnant while the society it 's based in continues to evolve . Couple that with the disconnect between how we 're told to live our lives and the lives being led by those doing the telling , and you can see why we 're just less religious as a country . At some point , church leaders are going to have to figure out how to minister to a congregation that is not waiting to have sex and not afraid to say it . Not ashamed to say it . That 's going to be hard to do but necessary if it wants to stay relevant . It 's not as if people are falling in love less , not if the 13 % jump in one year in the number of unmarried couples living together is any indication . So what is the church planning to do when the threat of hell no longer works ? When people exchange "  til death do us part " with "  you wan na move in ? " , it may feel less pious , less certain and less concrete , but it 's ultimately more tangible because it is based in the here and now , not in a future which may or may not arrive . No one , with maybe the exception of Kim Kardashian , enters a marriage with the intent of getting a divorce . But there are now people entering relationships with no intentions of getting married and their relationship is not less valid , their love is not less real , their future is not less certain . The church has to figure out a way to talk about relationships and marriage the way it is framed today , without all of the threats . Or risk being left behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Religious views of marriage as a lifetime commitment are outmoded Most young Americans say premarital sex is morally acceptable He says long-term relationships are great but should n't be enforced by society 's pressure Granderson : People who have no plans to marry can still have real and loving relationships
CNN  -- A trip to the Winter Olympics in Sochi should be all about superhuman feats of skill or endurance on skis , skates or bobsleighs . But hearing the talk of U.S. security plans in the run-up to the Games in Russia next month , visitors may think they are entering a war zone . Contingency plans for evacuating Americans in case of an attack are well in hand , it would seem . The United States is moving to two warships into the Black Sea . If ordered , helicopters could be launched from there to Sochi , a U.S. official told CNN recently . And if more capacity is needed , C-17 transport aircraft will be on standby in Germany and could be on the scene in about two hours . That 's in addition to U.S. precautions on Russian soil , where FBI agents are now arriving in Sochi to work with their Russian counterparts , according to Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the U.S. House Homeland Security Committee . The United States has also discussed at the highest levels the sharing of its high-tech bomb detection technology -- developed to protect service members from deadly homemade bombs in Iraq and Afghanistan -- with Russia . Concern over explosives is heightened because the radical Islamists who have threatened to attack the Sochi Games have a track record with hidden bombs . One was detonated under a stadium grandstand in Grozny in 2004 . Look who 's watching over you at Sochi And with the largest delegation of any nation to the Winter Olympics and Paralympics , as well as -- according to McCaul -- 10,000 to 15,000 Americans as spectators , the United States appears to be taking nothing for granted when it comes to security . American athletes , coaches and staff are being warned not to wear their red , white and blue Olympic uniforms outside the "  ring of steel , " the Russian security cordon surrounding Sochi . They also will be under the watchful eye of U.S. security officials who will attend events with them , according to State Department officials . Travel warning issued The State Department went so far last week as to issue an updated travel alert for the region , warning Game-goers that bombings and abductions continue in Russia , particularly in the North Caucasus region . It cited media reports about the hunt in Sochi by Russian authorities for "  black widows , " wives of dead insurgents who act as suicide bombers , even as it said the U.S. government has not corroborated the reports . The reports were just one example of what one senior State Department official has described as an "  uptick in threat reporting " in the lead-up to the Winter Games . "  Our expectation is that we will see more in the coming weeks , " the official , speaking on background , told reporters during a briefing on Olympic security measures . But is the U.S. contingency planning in line with the potential threat ? Security expert Matthew Clements , editor of IHS Jane 's intelligence review in London , thinks not . "  It 's normal for countries to outline contingency plans for the removal of their nationals from any country in which there 's a risk to them , " he said . "  At the same time , this is usually only undertaken in very serious situations such as cases of civil war or other kinds of conflict . "  In the event of a terrorist attack on someone in Sochi , even if it was around the city or venues , I do n't think the idea of there being a U.S. military evacuation of their citizens from there would be a realistic prospect . " This , says Clements , is because it would cause huge logistical difficulties , would likely be overkill in terms of the situation and "  probably the Russians would n't be very happy . " ` We 've had conversations ' It is unclear whether a military evacuation would entail U.S. forces entering Russian territory , but Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel has publicly hinted that there is a plan of some sort . "  We 've had conversations with the Russian government on protection of our citizens , " Hagel said recently . He also has said the United States has offered assistance to Russia , but there has been no request from the Russian government for help . McCaul , speaking on CNN 's New Day , also said the notion that Moscow needs foreign help to deal with its own homegrown terrorist threat would likely rile many Russians . "  There 's a sense of nationalistic pride in Russia , just as we would have in the United States , " said McCaul . "  And so , while they 've been very productive , cooperating with us on some issues , when it comes to the military , it gets a little sensitive . " But former FBI assistant director Tom Fuentes , a CNN law enforcement analyst , believes the U.S. precautions make sense . "  You 'd hope that the U.S. would n't be sitting around waiting for a telegram from Russia going ` hey , come and get your people . ' So to me , that 's a commonsense approach , and the military should have a very robust plan to come in and do that , " he said . "  If an attack occurs , you 're going to have chaos . You 're going to have a large problem to get ships and get helicopters , so merely getting your forces in to get your people out will be quite an event just by itself . " Russian ambassador says he 's certain Olympics will be safe Britain taking ` extra measures ' Other nations are well-aware of the security risk attached to any such major event -- but are more coy about their precautions . Darryl Seibel , spokesman for the British Olympic Association , declined to go into detail about the security measures planned for Team GB in Sochi . "  We will take some extra measures for our delegates , " he told CNN . But , he stressed , "  that is not new -- we have done that for a number of Games . That 's been part of our planning from the beginning . " Seibel said the primary responsibility for security always falls to the host country and the organizing committee . It 's something of which Britain is very conscious , having hosted the Summer Olympic Games in 2012 . As it turned out , the London Olympics went off without incident , but the security measures taken included parking missile batteries on apartment block roofs and a huge warship on the River Thames . The precautions in Sochi are even more extensive , those who 've been there say . "  This security operation is the most impressive and well-fortified that we 've ever seen in Olympic history , " McCaul said . Even so , a Quinnipiac poll conducted in the United States last week found that half those surveyed believe a terrorist attack at the Winter Olympics is very or somewhat likely . Allaying fears But American authorities have sought to allay concerns . "  What I can tell you is there has been an uptick in some of the reporting , but that is not unusual . It 's of concern , but not unusual for an event like this , " said White House spokesman Jay Carney . "  The State Department has handled and is handling the issue of travel advisories for U.S. citizens , and we are offering the Russians any assistance that they might require or request in a situation like this . " It 's not clear exactly how many people will travel to Sochi for the Games . Scott Blackmun , chief executive of the U.S. Olympic Committee , said in a statement : "  The safety and security of Team USA is our top priority . "  As is always the case , we are working with the U.S. Department of State , the local organizers and the relevant law enforcement agencies in an effort to ensure that our delegation and other Americans traveling to Sochi are safe . " Former champion Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps said that the security issues are likely the last thing on the athletes ' minds right now . "  As an athlete , we do n't notice anything , " he said . "  You know , we 're there to represent our country and we are there to compete at the highest level . " Being in the Olympic Village with athletes from all over the world is incredible , he said , adding "  there 's nothing like it . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and Laura Bernardini contributed to this report .	10,000 to 15,000 Americans are expected in Sochi to watch the Games , a lawmaker says The U.S. State Department is warning Americans to take extra precautions A travel warning cites reports about Russia authorities hunting for possible suicide bombers
CNN  -- Mexican authorities are offering a $ 1.2 million  15 million pesos  reward for information on 14 children who may have been taken from orphanages by child traffickers , according to a release from the attorney general of Mexico . The attorney general also is offering about $ 400,000  5 million pesos  in the search for three people in the "  Casitas del Sur " case , a statement said Friday . The children disappeared in February 2009 from the Casitas del Sur orphanage in Mexico City and from homes in Nuevo Laredo and Quintana Roo , the statement said . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	Fourteen children disappeared at Mexican orphanages Three people are being sought in the case
London  CNN  -- Hans Kristian Rausing , the son of one of the world 's wealthiest men , was arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of his American-born wife was found in their home this week , police confirmed Friday . The 49-year-old was initially arrested Monday on drug charges and then was held "  in connection with the death " of Eva Rausing , police said Tuesday . The new details of his arrest emerged during the inquest into her death , which opened at Westminster Coroner 's Court on Friday . The Metropolitan Police said there is no murder inquiry yet and the death is still being treated as unexplained . Authorities are awaiting the results of further post-mortem tests , which are not expected for several more days , police said . An autopsy Tuesday failed to determine the cause of Eva Rausing 's death , police said . Detective Inspector Sharon Marman told the coroner that police had discovered the drugs when they searched Rausing 's car after stopping him on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs , the UK 's Press Association news agency reported . They then searched his home address , a mansion in one of London 's most expensive neighborhoods . During that search , officers discovered the "  apparently lifeless body of a female in one of the bedrooms , " Marman said , according to the news agency . The suspect has been arrested on suspicion of her murder , "  and we await notification of when he will be fit to be interviewed , " she said , quoted by the Press Association . A spokesman for Hans Kristen Rausing , James Henderson , told CNN that nothing had changed in Rausing 's position . "  He was arrested on Monday on suspicion of murder . He has not been questioned yet . He has not been charged , " he said . Henderson said Rausing was still receiving medical treatment , and he did not know when he would be questioned . Police earlier this week declined to name Hans Kristian Rausing as the man who was arrested , but a source familiar with the investigation said the man in custody lived at the address where the body was found . He is the son of Hans Rausing , who is worth an estimated $ 10 billion , thanks to the family 's connection to Swedish packaging giant Tetra Laval . CNN 's Susannah Palk and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : A spokesman for Hans Kristian Rausing says he has yet to be questioned The inquest into the death of his wife , Eva Rausing , opens in London Police tell the coroner Hans Kristian Rausing was arrested on suspicion of murder Authorities are awaiting results of a post-mortem examination
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court prosecutor called for a delay in the Kenyan president 's trial , saying there is no longer sufficient evidence to charge him with crimes against humanity . The trial against President Uhuru Kenyatta was scheduled to start in February . Kenyatta is accused of funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks during the 2007 post-election violence . He denies the charges . The case has suffered major setbacks in recent months . A key witness is not willing to testify while another one confessed to giving false evidence on a critical event in the case , according to Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda . "  Having carefully considered my evidence and the impact of the two withdrawals , I have come to the conclusion that currently the case against Mr. Kenyatta does not satisfy the high evidentiary standards required at trial , " Bensouda said in a statement . More than 1,000 people died and hundreds of thousands were displaced when ethnic groups loyal to leading candidates battled one another after the election . Kenyatta 's deputy , William Ruto , faces similar charges . His trial started in September . African leaders have accused the court of targeting their continent , and have demanded charges against sitting leaders be dropped . Last month , the U.N. Security Council rejected a resolution to suspend the trial .	ICC prosecutor seeks delay for the trial scheduled to start in February A key witness pulled out while another one provided false evidence , prosecutor says Kenyatta is accused of funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks in 2007 election
CNN  -- If Jose Mourinho 's time at Real Madrid is nearing an end then he seems determined not to go quietly . The outspoken Portuguese coach 's time at the Spanish giants -- one of the world 's biggest soccer clubs -- has been adorned with three major trophies but also with a healthy dose of controversy . He has had to fend off regular reports of dressing room unrest and a rift with one of Real 's key players , goalkeeper Iker Casillas , the World Cup-winning captain of Spain . The 50-year-old has been strongly linked with a return to the English Premier League and former club Chelsea , with the current coach of the London-based club hinting on Tuesday Mourinho is set to replace him . But for the time being , Mourinho remains in situ at Real and used his latest press conference to hit back at defender Pepe , who had criticized his treatment of the benched Casillas in the press . Pepe has lost his place in the side to young French defender Rafael Varane in recent weeks . Mourinho , in typically bullish mood , told reporters : "  Pepe 's problem is easy to analyze . His name is Varane . You do n't have to be a genius , just a normal guy like me to understand that we 're talking about frustration . "  It 's not easy for a player to see how he 's outperformed by a 19 year-old kid , but the kid is fantastic . I had the courage to play him and the problem is very simple . Pepe 's life as an athlete has changed . "  He was permanent starter and it is also one of my decisions that did n't lead to a public discussion . I understand his frustration perfectly , and that it translated into what he said . "  Things are clear and I have no issue with him . It 's not an easy situation . I have to try to be honest and most people think that Real Madrid 's defensive future is Varane and Ramos . " Mourinho 's decision to drop Casillas , who has been with Real his entire career and is a poster boy to the club 's many fans , has been met with many questions . After Casillas picked up an injury in January , Mourinho signed Sevilla 's Diego Lopez , and continued to play him even after Casillas regained full fitness . It led to much criticism of the coach , who reiterated on Tuesday that Lopez 's style of goalkeeping was more to his liking . "  I like Diego Lopez as a goalkeeper more than Casillas , " he explained . "  It 's not personal , I just like him more . I like a goalkeeper that comes out and dominates the airspace and plays with his feet . "  Iker is fantastic under the posts and I can also say that he likes a coach like  Spanish national team coach  Vicente Del Bosque or with a different profile more . "  One 's more offensive , the other defensive . I have the right to say this and with me , in normal conditions , Diego Lopez is going to play . People can say what they want , I accept that but please respect a coach who decides who plays . " Mourinho 's time at the Bernabeu has been mixed . He has won one La Liga title , last season , but looks set to miss out to archrivals Barcelona this time around . His quest to win the European Champions League for a third time in his career has also faltered . Recently , his side were beaten 4-3 on aggregate by German club Borussia Dortmund at the semifinal stage . Mourinho has made no secret of his desire to return to England with media reports claiming he has already negotiated a return to Chelsea at the end of the season . His previous spell in charge saw him lead the club to their first top flight title for 55 years . He won five trophies in his three seasons in London . Only last week he said , "  I know I am loved by some clubs , especially one , " which was widely regarded as confirmation of his desire to once again coach at Stamford Bridge . On Tuesday Chelsea 's current manager , Rafael Benitez , confirmed he would be leaving at the end of the season and added : "  The next year there will be another manager . I think everybody knows who will be here . " Mourinho , who has a contract at Real until 2016 , revealed he 's considered remaining at Real and refuted claims that is to do with a dispute over his severance package . Reports in Spain and the UK claim whoever breaks their agreement will owe the other party $ 26 million . "  I 've considered staying . The fans think what you , the press , sell them , " he said . "  To make things clear I 'll tell you that I 'll be paid until my last working day here . I do n't want even one euro more the day I decide that I 'm not going to continue . "	Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho says Pepe 's criticism of him borne out of frustration Portuguese defender has lost his place in Real Madrid side to youngster Rafael Varane Mourinho tells reporters : "  Pepe 's problem is easy to analyze . His name is Varane . " Chelsea coach Rafa Benitez hints Mourinho will take over from him shortly
CNN  -- Carlos Tevez marked his Juventus debut with the winning goal , but it was not enough to put the Italian champions top of Serie A after the opening day of matches . That honor went to Verona following the promoted side 's shock 2-1 victory over AC Milan earlier Saturday . However , Juve 's bid for a 30th scudetto began with few scares against the only team to have beaten the Turin side home and away last season . Tevez , a $ 15 million arrival from English club Manchester City in preseason , started up front while fellow new forward signing Fernando Llorente was on the substitutes ' bench . The Argentina international was denied a first-half goal by keeper Angelo Da Costa , who also saved from Kwadwo Asamoah 's header , but he made no mistake from close range in the 58th minute after being set up by Paul Pogba . It was Tevez 's second goal for the club , having also netted in last Sunday 's 4-0 Italian Super Cup win over Lazio . That match was marred by racist chanting by some home fans , and as a result Lazio 's opening home match this season against Udinese will be played with a section of the stands closed . Sampdoria had substitute Paolo Castellini sent off in time added on for a foul on Stephan Lichtsteiner . Llorente was given a brief debut when he came on for Mirko Vicunic in the 89th minute , while Tevez gave way to Sebastian Giovinco . Verona celebrated the end of the club 's 11-year wait for a top-flight match , as veteran former Italy striker Luca Toni headed two goals to defeat last season 's third-placed team Milan . The seven-time European champions , held 1-1 by Dutch club PSV Eindhoven in last week 's Champions League qualifier , took the lead in the 14th minute when Mario Balotelli set up midfielder Andrea Poli . However , Toni headed home a corner just before the half-hour mark and the 36-year-old repeated the feat from Bosko Jankovic 's cross in the 53rd minute . Balotelli had two strong shouts for a penalty , but the Italy striker ended up with just a booking for his efforts after complaining bitterly when denied on the latter occasion .	Serie A season kicks off Saturday with champions Juventus beating Sampdoria New signing Carlos Tevez scores the only goal for the away team Promoted Verona cause big upset with 2-1 victory against AC Milan It marks Verona 's first match in the top flight for more than a decade
A lengthy report on wait times at VA health care facilities in Phoenix found that 28 veterans had "  clinically significant delays " in care , and six of them died , but investigators could n't conclusively link their deaths to the delays . The scathing report , released Tuesday by the Department of Veterans Affairs ' Office of Inspector General , said the delays were because of scheduling issues . There were also 17 patients -- 14 of whom died -- in the review who received poor care but not as a result of access or scheduling issues . Read the full report  PDF The majority of patient cases studied by investigators were on official or unofficial "  secret " lists , according to the 133-page report , and experienced delays accessing primary care . Investigators studied 3,409 cases , including those of the 40 patients who died while on the Electronic Waiting List between April 2013 and April 2014 . They outlined 45 separate cases in which veterans were negatively affected , including that of a man in his mid-60s who walked into the Phoenix VA with a massive lump on his chest . Despite tests being ordered , he was forced to wait nine weeks before he was given a biopsy and diagnosed with widely metastatic lung cancer . He later died . Another patient visited the VA emergency room several times for different complaints , and each time his chart noted very high blood pressure and recommended immediate follow-up care . The man , who was in his late 70s , never received an appointment and died within weeks of complications from his condition . "  While the case reviews in this report document poor quality of care , we are unable to conclusively assert that the absence of the quality of timely quality care caused the death of these victims , " the executive summary of the report states . VA response Earlier Tuesday , the VA leaked Secretary Robert McDonald 's response to the report , highlighting the fact that there were no deaths directly linked to delays in care , but that statement lacked the context of the report 's negative findings . Tuesday 's report includes 24 recommendations , including determining an appropriate response to veterans who 've been injured and a complete overhaul of the way appointments are scheduled and tracked . McDonald spoke at the American Legion 's National Convention in North Carolina later in the day , agreeing to all 24 recommendations . He added that employees within the VA have been disciplined . "  Two members of the senior executive service have resigned or retired . Three members of the senior executive service have been placed on administrative leave , pending the results of investigations . Over two dozen health care professionals have been removed from their positions , and four more GS-15s or below have been placed on administrative leave , " McDonald said , adding that the Office of Special Counsel is investigating 100 whistleblower allegations or retaliation complaints . McDonald took over the Department of Veterans Affairs after former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned in May , following the release of the inspector general 's interim report . CNN 's in-depth reporting CNN has long reported about delays in getting care and scheduling problems at VA facilities nationwide . In November , a CNN investigation showed that veterans were dying because of long wait times and delays . In January , CNN reported that at least 19 veterans had died because of delays in simple medical screenings like endoscopies and colonoscopies , according to an internal document from the VA obtained exclusively by CNN . In April , retired VA physician Dr. Sam Foote told CNN that the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system kept a secret list of patient appointments that was intended to hide the fact that patients were waiting months to be treated . At least 40 patients died while waiting for appointments , according to Foote , though it is not clear whether they were all on secret lists . The Inspector General 's report says "  we were able to identify 40 patients who died while on the EWL  Electronic Waiting List  " from April 2013 to April 2014 . It also confirmed that clerks were cooking the books to make the delays in wait times appear shorter . It said 69 members of staff admitted to hiding true wait times , "  fixing " wait times and printing out requests for appointments and hiding them in desks instead of adding them to official wait lists . Read more about what Foote said In June , a VA scheduling clerk in Phoenix , Pauline DeWenter , told CNN that records of deceased veterans were changed or physically altered to hide how many people died while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital . Concerns about other facilities began emerging . Employees at VA centers in Wyoming , Texas and North Carolina alleged that there was a concerted effort to hide long wait times . In May , the inspector general said it was going to investigate 26 VA facilities . A June 9 internal audit of hundreds of Veterans Affairs facilities revealed that 63,869 veterans enrolled in the VA health care system in the past 10 years had yet to be seen for an appointment . President signals changes President Barack Obama pledged Tuesday at the American Legion conference in North Carolina to "  get to the bottom of these problems . " He called the issues "  outrageous and inexcusable . " The President announced measures designed to improve care for veterans including expanded research into brain injuries , suicide prevention programs and services to ease the transition into mental health services after leaving active duty . Obama signs $ 16 billion VA overhaul into law Veterans neglected for years , U.S. Office of Special Counsel report says Learn more facts about the Department of Veterans Affairs	VA inspector general : 28 veterans harmed by delays in getting care ; six died Inspector general says it can not conclusively link delays in treatment to the deaths Majority of patients reviewed were on wait lists and experienced delays Report also confirmed that some staff members admitted to hiding true wait times
CNN  -- Invisible Children , which produced a hugely popular half-hour documentary about notorious African warlord Joseph Kony , released a new video Monday to try to address criticisms about its nonprofit organization , its approach and its goals . The group 's "  KONY 2012 " video had been viewed more than 74 million times on YouTube by Monday . Invisible Children , which is based in San Diego , said it hopes the film and other efforts will make Kony a household name and drum up international support to halt killings , rapes , abuses and abductions committed by his group the Lord 's Resistance Army , or LRA , in central Africa . The 30-minute video became a sensation thanks to thousands of posts on Facebook and Twitter , including from celebrities including Bono , Angelina Jolie , Jay Z , Ryan Seacrest and Rihanna . But in dramatically introducing Kony to many for the first time , the video also spurred a flurry of questions about Invisible Children 's intentions , its transparency and whether the social-media frenzy was too little , too late . "  I understand why a lot of people are wondering is this some slick , kind of fly-by-night , slacktivist thing , when actually it 's not at all , " said Invisible Children CEO Ben Keesey on the 8 minute , 32 second video released Monday . "  It 's connected to a really deep , thoughtful , very intentional and strategic campaign . " Kony has operated in central Africa for two decades and is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . In October , the United States sent 100 combat-equipped troops on a mission to kill or capture Kony . Evelyn Apoko , who spent three harrowing years in captivity after the LRA abducted her in 2001 , said last week that she agreed that Kony needs to face justice and she hoped the documentary would help make that happen . But she said she worried that a military campaign against Kony might bring more injury to children who have suffered enough . Apoko was severely disfigured after a military bombing targeting the LRA . "  They should open their eyes more on the people affected by the war , " she said of Invisible Children . "  And the children -- they need to find a way to protect them . They have no hope , no way to escape . " Keesey said on Sunday that Invisible Children was acutely aware of those risks . "  Any approach to stop the LRA needs to be sensitive to that , " he said . "  It needs to do everything possible to protect those innocent women and children . " And again , on the video released Monday , Keesey said that while most agree that Kony needs to be stopped , how to accomplish that is far more complicated . "  That 's not that easy . It 's actually really difficult , " Keesey said . "  Therefore , the effort to stop the LRA has to be comprehensive , and it has to be huge . " Keesey did not directly address criticisms from several observers , who have urged caution and said Invisible Children has manipulated facts in the past . A student blog called "  Visible Children " linked to a photograph of Invisible Children 's founders -- Bobby Bailey , Laren Poole and Jason Russell -- posing with hard-core weaponry with members of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , who have battled the LRA . "  The group is in favor of direct military intervention , and their money supports the Ugandan government 's army and various other military forces , " the Visible Children blog post said . "  Both the Ugandan army and Sudan People 's Liberation Army are riddled with accusations of rape and looting , but Invisible Children defends them . " In Monday 's video , there was no mention of arming any one group . Keesey said only that "  our goal has always been the same ... to stop the violence of the LRA permanently . " Keesey added that a large mass advocacy campaign , that ideally would spur public pressure on government leaders worldwide to act in some way , was one pillar of Invisible Children 's three-pronged approach . The other two were producing media , such as the films , and funding development programs to directly help people in central Africa . Keesey was particularly adamant in defending his organization against criticisms it had not been open about its finances . "  Any claims that we do not have financial transparency or that we 're not audited every year by an independent firm or that we do n't have financial integrity just are n't true , " Keesey said . On its website , Invisible Children said it spent 80.46 % on programs in 2011 , 16.24 % on administration and management costs and 3.22 % on direct fundraising . Keesey also noted that "  audited financial statements , tax returns and our annual report " are all online . Invisible Children spokeswoman Noelle Jouglet has said money generated from the film will go to help build schools in Uganda . Money will also go to support a high-frequency radio station that Invisible Children operates , which broadcasts anti-LRA messages to fighters urging them to defect . CNN was unable immediately to verify this information or any of Invisible Children 's activities in African nations . Keesey defended some line items that have drawn scrutiny in recent days . They include "  travel and transportation expenses " related to staging 3,000 free screenings annually of the group 's films at high schools and colleges , as well as production costs to create items like DVDs and T-shirts "  that fund all of our work . " Russell , the video 's director , on Sunday told CNN that Invisible Children had chosen Kony as a focal point to get its larger message out about ending violence and promoting peace in the region . Because of the zeitgeist of the culture and the world , we need an enemy , " he said . "  We need to know who the worst is . " On April 20 , the group plans to paper cities with Kony posters . But the media attention on Kony may actually hamper efforts to catch Kony , said Peter Pham of the Atlantic Council , a Washington think tank . The film comes after a regional -- and covert -- military operation that has been under way for several months . The attention could prompt Kony to go on the move again and may set back African and U.S. efforts to catch the warlord . "  All I can say is , it could n't have happened at a more unhelpful moment when you look at it strategically and operationally , " said Pham , a civilian adviser to the military command that sent the U.S. troops . CNN 's David McKenzie spoke with Jacob Acaye , a Ugandan featured in the video . McKenzie returned with Acaye for exclusive access to go to the exact spot where he says LRA rebels took him in the middle of the night years ago . Acaye was able to escape a few days later , saying his life would be very different if he had n't . "  I reached a point when I said , ' I can even die now ' because I thought it would be the immediate resolution of my suffering , " Acaye said . The Ugandan called criticism against the documentary unfair . "  The same thing that was happening here is going on in other parts of the country , " Acaye said . "  I feel like it is not good for a human being , for any other child , for any other village to be suffering , " he said . While millions around the world have viewed the first documentary , many people in remote areas of Uganda have n't been able to see it because they do n't have access to the Internet or a television . The African Youth Initiative Network said it will have a community screening of "  Kony 2012 " on Tuesday in northern Uganda . Organizers have said their purpose is to help victims of war . The LRA terrorized Uganda for years in a failed attempt to overthrow the government . But since 2006 , when it was pushed out of northern Uganda , it has largely operated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Central African Republic . The U.N. refugee agency said last week that 3,000 people were recently displaced after fresh LRA attacks in Congo 's Orientale province . The agency reported 20 new attacks since the start of the year , with one person killed and 17 abducted . The cultish rebel group stands accused of using vicious tactics to recruit and force thousands of children into taking up arms . There are reports of child soldiers brainwashed into killing their own parents . Actress Mia Farrow , a good will ambassador for UNICEF who has visited areas attacked by the LRA , commended Invisible Children for bringing "  unprecedented focus " to a horrific situation but urged people to donate money to agencies like the Red Cross and UNICEF that work to help victims . Ugandan government spokesman Fred Opolot was more critical , saying Invisible Children 's campaign portrayed Africa as a dark and incessantly troubled continent . "  Invisible Children , if it is using such images to dupe the international community into , into ensuring that they contribute financially into its works , I 'm afraid to say it is a wrong approach , " Opolot said . "  And indeed its activities in northern Uganda will be further questioned , in as far as the amount of money they receive vis-a-vis the actual interventions that they make in northern Uganda where he thinks he is concerned about . " In the video released Monday , Keesey said he understood why people might challenge Invisible Children 's model and strategy . At the same time , he vowed that his group plans to answer questions in the coming days -- urging people to tweet @invisible , including #askicanything , so that he and others can respond . "  We want you to know all about the next steps , so we 're going to be sending details in the coming days , " said Keesey . "  And we want to answer any question that you have , that maybe was n't addressed in this video . " CNN 's David McKenzie , Jethro Mullen and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : Invisible Children 's CEO defends the nonprofit in a new video NEW : He says "  Kony 2012 " is tied to a "  very intentional and strategic campaign " NEW : He says it 's not true the organization has n't been transparent with its finances The video , centered on an African warlord , has been viewed 74 million times online
CNN  -- On a hot April afternoon , young Rory McIlroy had the lead and only nine holes to play before he could become the Masters golf champion . Just 24 hours later , the Northern Irishman would tweet a picture of himself and Charl Schwartzel on a jet , both smiling , and one of them wearing the famed green jacket awarded to the winner of the most revered golf title in the world . It was n't McIlroy . For on that April Sunday , he had fallen apart , blown his lead big-time , shooting a horrendous 8-over-par 80 . Schwartzel leaped over him and other contenders to win one of the most exciting Masters ever with birdies on the final four holes . McIlroy 's tumble started on the 10th hole , when he hit a tee shot like a public course duffer into the woods and ended up losing three strokes to par . But after his very visible loss , the then-21-year-old did n't hide from defeat or from the press . "  I did n't handle -LSB- the adversity on the course -RSB- particularly well , obviously , but it was a character-building day , put it that way , " he said that night . "  I 'll come out stronger for it . " Some of the media , impressed by his grace , trotted out the well-worn cliche : He has the talent , but time will tell if he has the stuff champions are made of . It did n't take long for McIlroy to prove he does . Two months later , in the next major golf tournament , he thoroughly dominated the U.S. Open field all four days , winning by an unheard-of eight shots . "  He 's certainly captured everyone 's imagination , " said Gary Van Sickle , a senior writer for Sports Illustrated and Golf.com . But Van Sickle warned it might be a little early to call McIlroy the next Tiger Woods , who won the Masters at age 21 after winning three U.S. amateur championships . "  I would hold off on handing him the crown just yet , " he said of the No. 3-ranked player in the world . "  But he 's got a great swing , and he is impressive . " Comparisons are inevitable . Both started as very , very young players . Both appeared on a TV show as a prodigy -- Woods on Mike Douglas at age 3 ; McIlroy appearing on a Northern Ireland show at age 9 . Both were beating older golfers while in their teens and winning many junior tournaments . McIlroy told CNN 's Piers Morgan that he sees only a few connections between himself and Woods . "  You know , at 22 , we both had one major . He won a couple more times than I have in my career , " McIlroy said . "  But I mean I have to let other people make comparisons , because if I go -- am trying , you know , to chase his records -- I 'll lose sight of what I need to do to actually -- to win tournaments . " And while trying to remain somewhat modest , he agreed with the assessment that he 'll be mentioned in future discussions as the greatest ever . "  Yeah , I do . I do . But I do n't really know if people want to hear that . I mean , I believe that myself . Yes , " he told Morgan . "  I 'm very confident in my own abilities . I believe in myself . ... "  I said something a couple of days ago . I said , I 'm not playing for money , I 'm playing for a place in history . " Both Woods and Jack Nicklaus have predicted a very high place in history for McIlroy . After the Open win , Nicklaus , who 's counseled McIlroy for several years , said , "  He 's humble when he ought to be and confident when he needs to be . " The mop-haired , freckled kid is very likeable , too , Van Sickle said , and not just because of his adorable looks . He 's good people , too . It 's is n't something put on for the fans now that he is rich and famous , the writer said . And it 's not a recent development . Van Sickle recalled asking the young man for an interview as he readied for the 2007 British Open , one of his first times in the media spotlight . Despite being pursued by the press , the then-18-year-old was like sure thing , whatever you need , no question is off limits . And he 's still that same normal guy today , Van Sickle said . The kind of fella who gets on a plane just after choking away the lead at the Masters and tells his buddy , the guy who won , to put on the green jacket because he wants to take a picture . That he tweets with the message : Flying to Malaysia with charl ! Glad one of us has a green jacket on !!! Or the kind of lad who goes to Haiti the week before the U.S. Open , finding a little life perspective to help his golf game . McIlroy 's success is no fluke , said Shane O'Donoghue , host of CNN 's "  Living Golf . " His talent was obvious from the day McIlroy first picked up a club . Which was when he was 2 . And he hit the ball 40 yards . It was his desire to be a great golfer that prompted his devoted parents , Gerry and Rosie , to get behind their prodigious child . They worked night shifts and two and three extra jobs to fund his ambitions . His dad often bartended at the Holywood Golf Club in County Down , where Rory would practice . To this day , McIlroy never takes this support for granted , O'Donoghue said . McIlroy has always been keen to point out that he was never pushed by his parents , that it was indeed him doing all the pushing , all the dreaming and , crucially , all the practice . His father is a good golfer , too , and with uncles who are also low handicappers , there has always been a competitive arena among the McIlroy clan since the earliest days at Holywood . That 's where Rory 's sporting passion was fostered . These days , McIlroy still often has family and friends nearby when he competes . They wo n't have too far to travel when the British Open , the third major of the year , tees off Thursday in Kent , England , with McIlroy likely to be the betting and fan favorite . "  He 's going to have the crowd behind him like they were for Tiger when he was winning everything , " Van Sickle said . "  It 'll be a ` home game ' for him . He 's used to playing in that kind of weather , and he 's going to have a big comfort zone . He 'll be the favorite in the British Open for the next 10 years . " The Royal St. George 's course is "  quirky , " Van Sickle said . It 's where a brisk wind can take a shot that starts in the center of the fairway and push it into rough terrain or worse -- deep bunkers . If McIlroy wins again , no doubt his popularity among fans in Europe and the United States will take off exponentially . The question then becomes : Will he continue to play mostly on his home continent , or will he come to America , where the tournament paydays are much larger ? While it would disappoint PGA Tour officials , McIlroy will probably continue to play overseas , Van Sickle guessed . He can still play in eight to 10 tournaments in the U.S.  three majors and another handful of top-level tournaments  and still be a player whom advertisers will seek out . He already reportedly makes millions each year in endorsements and appearance fees . But the injured Woods missed the U.S. Open and will also sit out the British . He also missed a good portion of 2010 because of his infidelity scandal . Golf 's popularity has suffered with the absence of the player who was a strong favorite to win every tournament he played . As Charley Hoffman told Alan Shipnuck of Sports Illustrated : "  But for casual fans , I think they need a dominant player to focus on . They need to know what the story line is . " If you were a wagering person , Van Sickle said , the smart money would be on a 22-year-old kid from Northern Ireland with a poodle-like fro and a big smile . And a man who learned a very big lesson on a miserable day in April .	Rory McIlroy , 22 , hails from Northern Ireland , where he rose through the junior golf ranks McIlroy bounced back from disappointment at the Masters to win the next major tournament Some predict greatness for him , and he tells Piers Morgan he can be the best ever McIlroy 's family made sacrifices , with dad bartending among his several jobs
