CNN  -- World football 's governing body FIFA suspended two of its executive committee members amid allegations of World Cup bid corruption on Thursday . The organization 's ethics committee -- who held a press conference from their headquarters ' building in Zurich , Switzerland -- confirmed that Amos Adamu of Nigeria and Reynald Temarii of Tahiti would not be allowed to take part in the December ballot to decide the host of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup following an investigation . Adamu , 57 , who has been a FIFA member since 2006 and is the director of sports development in his homeland , was provisionally suspended for three years as well as being fined $ 10 , 000 . Temarii , 43 , a FIFA vice president who is president of the Oceania Football Confederation and adviser to the French Polynesian government , was given a 12-month provisional ban as well as a fine of $ 5,000 . The move follows allegations in the British newspaper the Sunday Times , that both executives had solicited bribes in exchange for their support of a candidate bid . Bribery scandal shows that FIFA must change In an undercover operation , the newspaper 's reporters said they approached six current or former FIFA officials , all of whom "  suggested paying huge bribes to FIFA executive committee members . " Two of the six asked for direct payment themselves , the paper reported . FIFA ethics committee chairman Claudio Sulser said : "  We will have a zero tolerance policy for all violations of the standards . We are in favor of a healthy football , football as something positive in our lives . We do n't want cheaters , we do n't want doping , and we do n't want any type of abuses to be accepted in terms of respecting the rules . We do n't want any type of illicit advantages to take place . " The ballot will now go ahead as scheduled on 2 December , without Adamu and Temarii taking part , meaning that 22 voters will now decide between the nine candidate nations . Timeline of World Cup bidding scandal There are four candidates , all in Europe , to host the 2018 tournament : England , Russia and a pair of dual bids , one from Spain and Portugal , the other from Belgium and the Netherlands . The United States , Australia , Japan , South Korea and Qatar all hope to be home to the 2022 tournament . Four other FIFA officials were disciplined by the committee : Slim Aloulou , the chairman of the FIFA Dispute Resolution Chamber , was banned for two years while Ahongalu Fusimalohi -- the general secretary of the Tonga Football Association -- and Amadou Diakite -- member of the Referees Committee -- were both given a three-year ban . FIFA finds shortcomings in World Cup bids ahead of vote Ismael Bhamjee of Botswana -- a honorary member from the Confederation of African Football  CAF  -- was suspended from taking part in football-related activity for four years . FIFA stated that each member had breached various articles of their code of ethics but stopped short of claiming that any had been found guilty of corruption . Sulser admitted that the findings had been "  greatly " damaging for the Swiss-based organization . "  The damage caused to FIFA as regards its image is very great . It is also good to establish why it 's important to tell the truth in newspapers . When one talks of FIFA there is generally a negative attitude out there . "  There is talk of corruption . This is rather peculiar its rather curious but on the other hand its not joke because FIFA is a big organization with many interests and where there are many interests certain things can go array the difference now is the following -- now we are trying to work in complete transparency , " Sulser added . Adamu told the Press Association that , despite the findings of the investigation , he intended to appeal the decision . FIFA must challenge any potential corruption cancer "  I am profoundly disappointed with the ethics committee 's findings and had honestly believed I would be exonerated of any charges by now , " he said . "  I am innocent of all the charges leveled against me by the ethics committee and I completely refute the decision they have made . As yet I have not been advised of the grounds of the ethics committee 's decision but regardless , I will be lodging a full appeal against it with immediate effect . " The body added that no evidence of violation between bid committees , in relation to the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding process , had been found . Allegations of collusion between the bid teams of Spain-Portugal 2018 and Qatar 2022 , an action that is against bidding regulations , had surfaced prior to Thursday 's announcement but FIFA found in their favor .	World football 's governing body FIFA suspends two of its officials Move comes amid allegations of World Cup bid corruption ahead of 2 December ballot Executive member Amos Adamu of Nigeria is given three-year suspension and fine Executive member Reynald Temarii of Tahiti is given 12-month suspension and fine
Travel + Leisure  -- Warm beige tones , rich graphic accents , and futuristic chairs give Le Jules Verne a contemporary elegance , while dishes from superstar chef Alain Ducasse create a joie de vivre in diners ' mouths . But the real showstopper at this restaurant -- set more than 400 feet above Paris in the Eiffel Tower -- is its panoramic view . From the tower 's south pillar , diners look out on barges navigating the Seine and clusters of steely gray rooftops stretching for miles . Sierra Mar , in Big Sur , California , is perched on a cliff overlooking the Pacific . Restaurants have long been setting tables in locales with dramatic views , but often the food has paled in comparison . With the dramatic evolution of the global culinary scene , however , it 's more than safe to look past the cocktail menu at many of the world 's most beautifully situated restaurants . "  They actually have a view and good food at the same time , " says Tim Zagat , co-founder of the Zagat Survey restaurant guides . "  It 's a combination that was rare 10 or 20 years ago . " So where are the top places that harmonize amazing vistas with delectable victuals ? At Asiate , in New York 's Mandarin Oriental Hotel , eyefuls of Midtown Manhattan 's cloud-grazing buildings and the lush refuge of Central Park draw locals , tourists and special occasion diners , and executive chef Toni Robertson is up to the task of keeping the Asian-influenced cuisine at the same high level as the 35th-floor restaurant . "  The challenge I have is I have to compete with the view , but as a chef , I always win , " she says . The Big Apple is hardly alone in providing winning skyscraper meals . At Felix , on the 28th floor of Hong Kong 's Peninsula Hotel , guests soak in the city 's striking setting from a slick dining room designed by Philippe Starck while feasting on dishes like Tasmanian salmon with parsnip gratin and seared duck breast with blood oranges and duck confit . Travel + Leisure : World 's best hotels 2008 Of course , some of the world 's most spectacular restaurant views are born , not made . At Ambrosia , on the Greek island of Santorini , the island 's sea-filled volcanic crater provides a rocky perch for the terraced restaurant , from which diners gaze out on an inky blue sea . Santorini fava puree with grilled octopus and caramelized onions brings Grecian flavors to the Aegean seascape . Travel + Leisure : Amazing waterside restaurants And up in British Columbia , diners at Eagle 's Eye Restaurant -- part of Kicking Horse Resort -- survey snow-capped peaks as they tuck into Rocky Mountain cuisine infused with hints of chef Alain Soret 's native France . Riding a gondola up to the restaurant 7,700 feet above sea level gives some guests the impression they 're going to an alpine snack shack . "  Lots of people expect to find burgers and doughnuts up there , " says Soret . They 're surprised to be greeted with romantic fireside dining and entrees like roasted venison with almonds , pancetta and juniper jus served with fig-saffron risotto . Whether you crave rough-edged mountains or deep ocean views , a glitzy skyscraper scene or a secluded retreat , these restaurants offer mesmerizing views with menus worthy of the scenery . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	11 restaurants that marry heavenly views with multi-starred menus Diners at Eagle 's Eye Restaurant in British Columbia survey snow-capped peaks At Ambrosia , Santorini 's sea-filled volcanic crater provides a rocky perch
CNN  They did n't go around the world , but then again it did n't take them close to 80 days . Regardless , it 's likely Jules Verne would be very proud of American Troy Bradley and Russian Leonid Tiukhtyaev , who broke records crossing the Pacific together in a balloon . The two left Japan in their gas balloon , dubbed Two Eagles , last Sunday . Six days later , they touched down just off western Mexico . " #TwoEagles has LANDED SAFELY just off the coast of Baja Mexico , " the team tweeted at 6:30 a.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  , This happy ending was historic , albeit not entirely surprising : Less than two hours earlier , a post on the 50-year-old New Mexico pilot 's Twitter account said " #TwoEagles has begun their  descent  and turn toward land . " Later messages , as well as a live flight-tracking online , showed the balloon getting nearer and nearer to the beach . By the time Bradley and Tiukhtyaev hit the ground , they 'd made history : having traveled some 6,646 miles  10,696 kilometers  and spending 161 hours and 17 minutes aloft in the air together . Richard Berry -- the mayor of Albuquerque , New Mexico , which Bradley calls home -- was in Mexico to greet them and tweeted that the pilots brought the balloon down about two miles offshore , where they were picked up by a fishing boat and brought toward land . "  Success ! " read a tweet from the Balloon Federation of America . " ... Two world records for gas ballooning and the Pacific crossed ! " Others have gone farther and for longer in airborne balloons before  though not the characters in Verne 's classic book "  Around the World in 80 Days "  , perhaps most famously late tycoon adventurer Steve Fossett . But the others rode balloons that used hot air or some combination of hot air and gas . What makes Two Eagles is different in that there is no heat source such as a propane burner , only gas -- in this case , helium . Pilots control their altitude by releasing some of the gas during the day  when the sun heats up and expands the gas  , or throwing off sand or water at night . "  Traditional ` straight gas ' balloons are the stuff of legend , " according to the project 's website . " ... Old-fashioned ` gas ' balloons , filled with helium and without the benefit of burners , pit man against the elements at a very basic level with just bags of sand and a healthy dash of boldness as the ` fuel . ' " Even before touching down , Two Eagles had already set two major gas ballooning records . One was for how long they were in the air -- passing the previous mark of 137 hours , 5 minutes , 50 seconds by Double Eagle II on a 1978 transatlantic flight . According to rules set by the Federation Aeronautique Internationale , the record must be surpassed by 1 % in order to qualify as a new record . The Two Eagles reached that point Friday at 10:51 a.m. ET , though technically it could take months before the U.S. National Aeronautic Association reviews and documents it . A day earlier , the balloonists broke a 1981 record for distance traveled by a gas balloon . That previous mark of 5,208 miles  8,382.54 kilometers  was way in the rear-view mirror by the time the voyage ended Saturday . CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Mayor : Two men are safe , picked up by fishing boat An American , Russian took off last Sunday from Japan carried aloft by a helium balloon The 2 set records for time in the air , distance traveled in a non-heated gas balloon
Hong Kong  CNN  -- It 's not easy being rich . At least that 's what new findings suggest from "  The Millionaires Happiness Report " released by the Shanghai-based Hurun Research Institute . "  In general , the report shows that the richer you are , the less happy you are , " the report authors said . According to the inaugural report which surveyed 551 Mainland Chinese with a net worth of over 10 million yuan  $ 1.6 million  , the average millionaire in China sleeps only 6.6 hours during the working week . Chinese millionaires are dissatisfied with their health and are looking to prioritize spending more time with their family , the report said . The "  self-made " female super-rich , who were 37 years old on average , are more likely to be unmarried with 35 % of the respondents being either divorced or having remained single . The figure is almost twice that of the men surveyed . The average age of all Chinese millionaires surveyed was 38 years old , rising to 40 among the "  super-rich " -- those with net wealth of $ 16 million . The lack of satisfaction for China 's nouveau riche appears to be growing . Hurun Report , a magazine best known for its ranking of the wealthiest individuals in China , surveyed 1,000 super-rich Chinese in 2011 found that 55 % of the respondents either in the process of leaving China or seriously considering it . "  What we are seeing is a sense of insecurity or , perhaps you want to look at it from another side , looking for a sense of insurance policy , " said Rupert Hoogewerf , publisher of Hurun Report , told CNN in November . "  So they are beginning to quite actively try and get a green card in the U.S. , Canada , Australia and Singapore . "	New China "  Millionaires Happiness Report " shows dissatisfaction with health , life Hurun : "  In general , the report shows that the richer you are , the less happy you are "
CNN  -- Kimberley Locke knows a thing or two about singing competitions . "  American Idol " finalist Kimberley Locke is the new co-host of "  Gospel Dream . " Having placed third during season two of "  American Idol " -- just behind winner Ruben Studdard and runner-up Clay Aiken -- the singer is back in reality show action as the new co-host of "  Gospel Dream . " The Gospel Music Channel 's talent search is going into its fourth season , and Locke joins fellow host Mike Kasem  son of Casey Kasem  and the judges -- gospel artist J. Moss , Destiny 's Child member Michelle Williams and industry executive Mitchell Solarek -- on the show . Locke has worked steadily since she first burst onto the "  Idol " scene in 2003 . She has modeled , served as a spokesperson for plus-sized clothier Lane Bryant and Jenny Craig and appeared on VH1 's "  Celebrity Fit Club . " All the while , she has continued to pursue her music . Her "  8th World Wonder " was a big hit , making the Top 10 on Billboard 's Adult Contemporary charts . She 's had three dance chart No. 1s . Locke recently spoke with CNN about the "  Gospel Dream , " life after "  American Idol " and the one reality show she really wants to appear on next . CNN : How did you get involved with "  Gospel Dream ? " Kimberley Locke : Funny enough , I 've been wanting to do more hosting , and I had been talking to my manager about it . They contacted me out of the blue , and I was like "  Oh , I put it out to the universe , and here it is . " CNN : Are you a gospel music fan ? Locke : I am a gospel music fan . Of course I grew up in the church singing gospel music . I do n't listen to as much as I used to , but I used to sing in a girl a cappella group and that 's how we started , performing in church . CNN : Why do you think so many performers in the music industry come out of the church ? Locke : I think a lot of people become stars in their church . ... The church environment is so supportive . When you are first starting out and learning how to sing in front of an audience , that 's the kind of audience you want to be in front of . Even if you mess up and you sound horrible , they kind of let you stand there and collect yourself while the pianist keeps playing . Then they plow through it with you . That 's a part of the business , a professionalism that really comes in handy when you get to this level . CNN : You 've had some experiences with singing competitions . How is "  Gospel Dream " different ? Locke : It 's different in that the contestants are very focused on where they want to be and the type of music they want to sing . When you are on "  Idol , " you are forced to fit into all of these different genres you may or may not want to do and you may or may not even be familiar with them . The "  Gospel Dream " contestants ' direction is really clear and defined , so they are picking songs that really speak to them on a personal level . Watch Locke talk about the show " CNN : How has life been for you post - "  Idol ? " Locke : Life has been great post - "  Idol . " So many opportunities , so many things I would have never imagined . Things that I did n't even associate with singing , like modeling , hosting , being a spokesperson , owning a restaurant . It just opened so many doors . CNN : You were a plus-sized model and spokesperson for Lane Bryant , but now you are way too small to do that . Locke : That really opened me up to bond with my fans . I tell people I 'm still a big girl at heart . CNN : When is your next album coming out ? Locke : I just started working on the next album . We are in the very preliminary stages of putting together the concept of the record and we just compiled a bunch of songs to start listening to . CNN : Are you planning on doing any other reality shows ? Locke : I 'm not really a big reality show fan . I did "  Celebrity Fit Club " because there was a purpose behind that in my wanting to lose weight . There is only one reality show I really , really want to do , and that 's "  Dancing With the Stars . " I want to be on that show because then I 'd lose the extra 10 to 15 pounds I want to lose .	Singer Kimberley Locke finished third during season two of "  American Idol " She is co-hosting the fourth season of the talent competition "  Gospel Dream " Locke has worked steadily since "  Idol " as a spokesperson , host and performer She says she 'd like to appear on "  Dancing With the Stars "
With great power comes great responsibility . There is some confusion over whether this quote should be attributed to Voltaire or Spiderman . Either way , the message is the same and one that should be resonating with the inventors , companies , brands , media , policy makers and industries hitching a ride on the innovation bullet train of wearable technologies . Our original Human Cloud research project at Goldsmiths , University of London in partnership with cloud computing provider Rackspace focused on the socio-economic impact of wearable technology moving from novelty and entertainment to health and lifestyle . We conducted a survey of 4,000 adults in the UK and US and spent six weeks with 26 participants experimenting with these new technologies , from fitness bands like the Fitbit , Jawbone Up and Nike Fuelband , to sensor-based wearable cameras like the Autographer . With echoes of Stephen Hawking 's voice on Radiohead 's "  OK Computer " album , participants experimenting with wearable technologies felt fitter  68 %  , happier  75 %  , and more productive  84 %  . The nuances of the human experience was reflected in the six archetypes of wearable technology users we identified from deep qualitative research from the curious , controllers , and quantified selfers to the self-medics , finish line fanatics , and ubiquitors . "  As you can see , today has not gone well so far , " says one self-medic participant mournfully , looking at two graphs : one shows he only took 394 steps that day , the other that he only got five hours 28 minutes sleep . When asked why he wears technology , his answer is to "  prevent delusion " and so that function is at least achieved . Privacy remains a key issue , but it is a multifaceted and complex discussion . Twenty percent of survey respondents wanted to see Google Glass banned entirely from public spaces , but the same percentage were willing to share the data from wearable devices with government to improve services . The argument from our ` controller ' archetype is that their data is already valuable , the question is who is benefiting and exploiting this value . Fernando Pessoa wrote that it is the fate of everyone in this life to be exploited so is it worse to be exploited by Senhor Vasques -LSB- his employer -RSB- and his textile company than by vanity , glory , resentment , envy , or the impossible ? This is a question all of us must answer , particularly as the fine line between the possible and the seemingly impossible is breached nearly every day by one form of emerging technology or another fueled by the exponential growth of computing power , storage , bandwidth , nanotechnology , and big data . One of the most intriguing findings of the initial phase of the research was the way early adopter companies were starting to explore the power of wearable tech in the workplace . Several companies reported issuing laptops , mobile phones , and fitness bands to all employees as part of standard corporate kit . This stimulated our imagination and led to the next phase of our research now underway with Rackspace . We are looking at a big data mash-up where the wearable tech human cloud meets the productivity and performance corporate cloud to amplify the role of the human cloud at work . For businesses experimenting with these technologies there are implications for occupational psychology , systems development , insight and analytics , leadership , competitive advantage , environmental analysis and workplace design . Three billion gigabytes of big data are generated every day , but only one-half of one percent of this data gets analyzed and put to work . Wearable tech data from employees and customers are an inevitable key ingredient in the recipes for making sense of big data and the role of emerging technologies in shaping our cities , societies , markets and economies . This big data stew can be augmented with cognitive and decision-support systems like IBM Watson , the computing service that famously triumphed on Jeopardy in 2011 , now deployed in the cloud diagnosing and helping treat cancer patients . With real-time access to human data in the workplace systems like Watson can potentially support specific decisions and scenarios in relation to your personal Human Cloud . We recognize it is not all about opportunities . There are obvious surveillance implications and risks inherent in these kinds of dynamic data driven integrations of networks of people and systems . Analysts at Credit Suisse suggest the wearable tech market will grow from $ 1.4 bn  # 878m  in annual sales this year to $ 50bn  # 31.3 bn  by 2018 . Your friendly neighborhood Spiderman also said some spiders change colors to blend into their environment . It 's a defense mechanism . Wearable technologies are in the midst of this blending and soon will diffuse subtly but powerfully into the fabric of everyday lives so as to be unrecognizable as a distinct innovation domain . At this stage it is the great responsibility of every one of us to consider those implications .	Human Cloud research project explores socio-economic impact of wearable tech A recent study shows devices can boost productivity and happiness Analysts predict this market will grow from $ 1.4 bn in annual sales this year to $ 50bn by 2018 Wearable technologies are in the midst of this blending into everyday lives
Bourbon buddies they are not . But there are all the makings of a spirited conversation for President Barack Obama and incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , when this Washington odd couple meets at the White House on Wednesday afternoon . A new Republican proposal to fund the government thought what has been dubbed the "  cromnibus , " which would pay for nearly all federal programs with an "  omnibus " spending bill but only offer a short-term "  continuing resolution " or "  CR " for immigration related spending is expected to be on the agenda . A presidential green-light to the "  cromnibus , " a term that can only exist inside the Beltway , could help ease tensions with GOP lawmakers who are still furious over Obama 's executive action on immigration . White House officials have so far not threatened to veto Boehner 's plan . The President 's request for $ 6 billion in emergency funding to battle Ebola in West Africa and a new authorization for the use of military force in the war against ISIS are likely topics at the meeting as well . McConnell laid out a nuts and bolts legislative wish-list for December 's lame duck session in Congress to reporters Tuesday . "  I think everyone agrees on a bipartisan basis those are the three things we must do here at the end of the session -- fund the government , make sure we do n't have any retroactive tax increases and follow the tradition of many years which is to pass a National Defense Authorization Act , " McConnell said . "  I 'm confident the Senate will do that before we depart for the holidays , " he added . But in a sign of the frostiness of the Kentucky Republican 's relationship with the president , McConnell referred to Obama 's immigration plan as "  lawless " and a "  poison pill . " Obama himself brought up the immigration action at a meeting with the Business Roundtable hours before he will sit down with McConnell . "  I 'm still hopeful that we can get legislation done , " he said , saying that would "  supplant " his executive actions . While Obama and McConnell rarely ever sit down together privately , the two leaders have held such meetings a few more times than what has been previously acknowledged by aides to both men . Same goes for the President and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . The reason , top White House officials have said , is that knowledge of their conversations could jeopardize relations between the Republican leaders and their more conservative members . Yet it is also well-known the two men sometimes fail to connect . The President called but could not reach McConnell on election night last month , just hours after he beat Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes to win reelection in Kentucky and all but secure his place as the next Senate Majority Leader . RELATED : Obama reaches out , leaves message for McConnell The scheduled 2:40 p.m. start time for Wednesday 's meeting is a bit early to share that "  Kentucky bourbon " with McConnell , as Obama offered at his post midterms news conference last month . But given that McConnell once vowed to make Obama a one-term president , perhaps the best both men can expect is a healthy pour of Washington reality .	The President and incoming senate leader Mitch McConnell will meet Wednesday Atop the agenda is the Republican ` Cromnibus ' plan to keep the government running The White House has yet to threaten to veto the GOP plan Other topics for the afternoon meeting : Money to fight Ebola and defense spending
CNN  -- Last month at Zaatari , the second-largest refugee camp in the world , I met an accountant who carried his 6-day-old baby across the Jordanian border from Syria , and a mother who can not find her 20-year-old son -- and knows all too well what has likely happened to him . I saw parents too frightened to let their children out of their sight , even to go to school . And while visiting Syrian refugees recovering in a hospital in Amman , Jordan from some of the violence that perhaps foreshadowed the August 21 chemical attacks on Syrian citizens , I spoke with a woman whose daughter died in her arms . These refugees ' stories , interspersed with images of white-shrouded children lying dead -- poisoned in the Damascus suburbs -- have stayed fresh in my mind . The debates in the press over the past three weeks imply that whether or not the United States and its allies apply "  lethal force " in Syria is the defining question of this crisis . Whether the United States intervenes militarily is a hugely important question -- politically , strategically , legally and morally . But it is not the only one . For the civilians bearing the staggering weight of this war , it is not even the most pressing one . The war has raised a huge range of unanswered questions and challenges for humanitarian actors that will persist long after any "  symbolic " or even intensive military operation . These are imperative to Syrians ' survival and the region 's long-term stability and must not be crowded out as politicians and pundits wrangle over the use of force . First and foremost is the question of how to keep borders open for refugees . More than 2 million Syrian refugees have now fled their country . The hospitality of Syria 's neighboring states towards these refugees has been breathtaking . For example , more than one in four people in Lebanon today are Syrian , representing a level of generosity toward refugees that has never been matched by any Western state . Yet -- particularly in Lebanon and Jordan -- the refugee crisis has resulted in higher rents , reduced wages , overstretched social services , and increased pressure on already limited water supplies . All this has ratcheted up local tensions , and increased pressure on governments to limit arrivals . While the Jordanian border remains officially open , over the summer UN officials reported "  artificially low " arrivals , suggesting that would-be refugees may be encountering obstacles to their escape . Hurdles are also emerging for Syrians wishing to cross the Lebanese border . As the crisis escalates , redoubled international support is needed to ensure Syria 's neighbors can accept new arrivals . This support must benefit not only the refugees but also the communities that are hosting them . A second , related question is how to get Syrian refugee children into school . Last month -- it really was a hellish month -- marked what the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees called a "  shameful milestone " : The number of Syrian refugee children reached 1 million . Many of these children are not in school  by some estimates , 75 % of children in Zaatari are not in school  and have already missed months if not years of schooling inside Syria before fleeing abroad . Some kids are not attending school because they are working to support their families ; other refugee children living in towns and cities lack the money to get to school , or are afraid of harassment . As bombs drop , getting kids in school may not seem that urgent , but the long-term impacts of a "  lost generation " of Syrian children would be disastrous . Deprived of educational opportunities , these children are at risk of future unemployment , social marginalization and frustration , potentially prompting them to turn to extremist causes . More attention and assistance is needed inside and outside the camps to overcome the barriers that are keeping refugee children out of class . Equally important is the question of how to do more to assist the estimated 5.1 million Syrians who are displaced within their own country . Two million of these are minors , and many are at risk of physical violence and forced recruitment . The internally displaced are much more difficult for humanitarian groups to reach , and are out of the media spotlight , which is trained on refugee camps and settlements in neighboring states . But we need to be asking what new and creative ways can be found to improve protection and support for this population . Last , but certainly not least , is the question of how to strengthen Syria 's democratic opposition . This is not just a matter of access to weapons and military training , but the development of civil society organizations . Many Syrian refugees have already banded together to support others inside and outside Syria , including through the provision of medical assistance . We need to be asking what more can be done to strengthen and scale up such laudable initiatives . Despite the devastation they are enduring , the Syrian refugees I met in Jordan are proud , industrious people . They have the capacity to recover and eventually rebuild their country -- but if Western countries are to effectively support them , we ca n't let the use of force become the only question on the agenda . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Megan Bradley .	Megan Bradley met traumatized , fearful Syrian refugees at a camp and hospital in Jordan She says neighbor countries ' hugely generous to shelter them ; global community must help She says it 's crucial to keep borders open for fleeing Syrians and to keep kids in school Bradely : Helping displaced still in Syria very hard ; opposition needs help to provide social aid
CNN  -- When Melissa Seligman 's husband left on his second deployment to Iraq in 2005 , their 2-year-old daughter began banging her head on the floor . The Army wife tried to rock the girl , sing to her . With a newborn to care for , too , sometimes all Melissa could do was quickly slide her hand between the toddler 's head and the floor . Exhausted and desperate , Melissa rushed to the store , wailing children in tow . She found a GI Joe doll with black hair like her husband 's and placed it in her daughter 's hands . "  Daddy , " the girl said . She stopped crying and stopped hurting herself . Looking back , the 36-year-old mother remembers how some people , including other military spouses , dismissed her daughter 's behavior as typical tantrums . "  But I knew something was wrong with her , " Seligman said . "  I knew this child felt deeply the loss of her dad . " For years , military parents facing a deployment have said the same refrain : "  My child is so young , they wo n't remember . " But very young children -- even babies -- can suffer psychological stress , developmental problems and cognitive damage when a parent goes to war , according to recent research by the Boston University School of Social Work . For military youths in general , researchers have also found they are more likely than their civilian peers to have trouble in school and experience higher levels of anxiety and depression . "  What we 're seeing over the last decade is an increase in kids being seen for behavioral health visits . We know there has been an increase , " said Barbara Van Dahlen , a child psychologist . In 2005 , she founded Give an Hour , a national nonprofit network of nearly 7,000 mental health providers who volunteer their services to warriors and their families . "  This is not shocking to those of us who work in this space , " she said . "  This is what you expect when you 've got stress beyond what kids can successfully manage . " A generation raised by war The Seligman children are among the more than 2 million who have been separated from their service member parents , both fathers and mothers , because of combat deployments , according to "  The Future of Children , " an academic series co-authored by psychiatrist and retired Army Col. Stephen Cozza , a researcher with the Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress . America is raising a uniquely stressed-out generation of military children , other researchers say . Those who were 5 when the September 11 terror attacks happened are now 17 ; war is all they 've known . While military children have always faced challenges and demonstrated resiliency , these children have parents who 've been deployed multiple times . Military spouses told me story after story about not just one or two birthdays missed , but about struggling to comfort children whose entire lives were lived essentially without one parent . How Iraq and Afghanistan service members and their partners parent is being studied by Ellen DeVoe , a clinical social worker at Boston University School of Social Work . She 's found that male service members tend to minimize their importance to their young children , and their female partners feel left out . The children tend to mirror the way their parents handle deployments . "  My husband has probably been gone for 80 % of their lives , " Seligman said of their children when I visited the family in November at their home in South Carolina . Their daughter , now 10 , and son , 8 , laughed and played while clutching that same GI Joe doll and a pillow with a picture of their dad , Army Capt. David Seligman . The family stood out from other military families I met because they had , early on , connected with military-referred therapists . The children regularly saw their "  feelings doctor , " as did their mother and father . A spouse teetering on the edge David Seligman , a decorated service member who 's done three deployments , was home when I visited but had to leave after our interview . He was n't going to war this time , but to Georgia to take an eight-month career advancement course . That meant that he 'd only get to come home once a month at most . It was difficult explaining to his children that Daddy was going to a classroom like they did and would n't be in danger . He encouraged the kids to ask questions . They wanted to know if he was going to wear a helmet when he did homework . This is how the Seligman household works -- every time the 36-year-old soldier leaves , the couple tries to keep communication strong and constant . He sends them letters with drawings . They color them in and mail them back . They send him the beginning of a story , and he fills in a part ; they continue the plot . The family gave up Skyping when he was in Iraq in 2009 . "  It was almost cruel to them to be like , ` Look , there 's Daddy , you can see him , but you ca n't touch him or smell him , ' " David Seligman told me . Seligman served in the Army Reserve from 1996 to 2000 . He was in college , and Melissa had just finished graduate school when the 9/11 terror attacks happened . He was gripped him with an overwhelming urge to serve again . After discussing it with Melissa , he joined . The two married in June 2002 . He left for Afghanistan in 2004 on a four-month deployment . His daughter was then 6 weeks old . "  She wo n't remember anything , I thought ; so what , Melissa will be there to handle things , " he recalled . "  I did n't feel like it was long enough for anybody to feel anything . " But Melissa was n't handling it well . She was suffering from what she now recognizes was post-partum depression . But she was afraid to say anything . She recalled the mantra she repeated in her head . I have to do this perfectly . I need to be good at this , because if I 'm not good at this , I 'm failing him . In the brief time that her husband came home -- before he deployed to Iraq in 2005 -- Melissa got pregnant again . While he was gone , her daughter 's crying and banging of her head and the demands of a newborn consumed Melissa . An aspiring writer , she started to tell her story on a blog and on paper , an outpouring that turned into a memoir , "  The Day After He Left for Iraq . " For a while , the writing worked to calm her . He came home and life went on . But when he was ordered to deploy a third time in 2009 , she had a panic attack . Because she 'd never treated her depression , she was terrified of how she would react to being a single parent again . She called Military OneSource , the armed services 24/7 nonemergency hotline . She connected with a thoughtful operator who reminded her that she 'd been through a lot , and to breathe . Recalling that time , Melissa wept thinking about what might have happened had she not made the call . "  Thankfully I did n't hurt her ... " she said about her daughter . "  And I did n't hurt myself . " A father at home , but not really there David Seligman reflects on his choices , too . He is constantly torn between his love for his family and his love of the Army . With each deployment , his children acted differently toward him . When he asked where his son 's Thomas the Train was , the boy gave him a look and walked past him to play with toys David had never seen . During his third deployment , his daughter started drawing pictures of crying animals . "  After I came back from my second deployment , my daughter , she was very emotional , " he said . "  I did n't understand what any of that was about . David Seligman 's last deployment ended in 2010 , and he came home . And yet , he 's not really been home , Melissa said . For the past three years , David Seligman has been a commander of a drill sergeant rotation at Fort Jackson in South Carolina . He would leave for work at 3 in the morning and , most of the time , if he was at home when they were , he was in bed . As a consequence , the children were never really sure if he was home or gone . "  There 's a misconception that when you come home from deployment , you 're home , " Melissa said . That might be true for some people , but not the job her husband had . That explains why , as David told me , when he is home and goes outside , to take the trash out or something , the children will panic if they call for him and he does n't answer immediately . "  They 'll say ` Mommy , Mommy ! ' " he said . "  They get terrified that we 're leaving them . " All he can do is try to reassure them , not just with words but actions . Some service members fear that seeking mental health care will adversely affect their careers . But Seligman said he 's been unafraid to talk openly with Army counselors . He did n't do it sooner , he said , not because he had concerns about his career but because of the pace of the wars . He did n't have time to stop and breathe , to figure out he needed to talk to someone . "  It was just , like , I got ta do this , that , go here , come back , do this , come here , go back , " he said . "  Once I was not feeling anticipation for a deployment , then I was not afraid . " His daughter runs up to him a few times as we talk , and smiles and presses into him . She lingers and watches him as we film , her GI Joe tight in her hand .	More than 2 million children have been separated from a parent in the Iraq , Afghanistan wars Even babies can suffer cognitive and developmental problems when a parent goes to war Counseling is key says mom whose child started banging her head when father left for Iraq
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's statement about the Egyptian military 's seizure of power is as telling for what he does n't say as for what he does : he does n't mention the word "  coup . " He does n't call upon the military to restore power to "  the democratically elected civilian government , " but rather to "  a democratically elected civilian government . " In other words , it need not be deposed President Mohamed Morsy 's . The thinking of the president and administration officials , according to a knowledgeable source , is that while the administration is not explicitly supporting the removal of Morsy from power -- it expressly did not support the move -- it is seeking to push the Egyptian military in a direction . If the Obama administration were to use the word "  coup , " it would have legal ramifications that would result in the end of U.S. aid . If White House officials pulled the plug completely , they would be removing themselves from the picture altogether . The priority for the Obama administration is to preserve some space while trying to contain a fluid and combustible situation , the source said . The message being conveyed publicly and privately is that Obama accepts that this happened and even sees the potential that it could turn out for the best , given Morsy 's autocratic rule . That said , the president is concerned that the military leaders and the acting leader might see the events as an opening to take on Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood through excessive force . Obama 's words are intended to put the onus on the military to show restraint and to uphold its pledge to hold parliamentary and presidential elections , the source said . Notably , the president said he and his officials "  are deeply concerned by the decision of the Egyptian armed forces to remove President Morsy and suspend the Egyptian constitution " without suggesting that there would necessarily be any negative repercussions . Potential repercussions are alluded to in Obama 's statement , but never definitively threatened . The president said he had "  directed the relevant departments and agencies to review the implications under U.S. law for our assistance to the government of Egypt . " Would the president suspend the $ 1.5 billion in annual assistance given to the Egyptian government ? He never says . The source says the message is that U.S. action can escalate from reviewing to cutting off if need be , but that the Obama administration is prepared to continue to work with Egyptian military officials if they take this in the right direction . Refraining from the arbitrary arrests of Muslim Brotherhood members and its supporters would be part of that "  right direction , " the source said . For all intents and purposes , this means that as far as the Obama administration is concerned , Morsy is out of luck , and the ball is in the court of Army Chief Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi .	The Obama administration did not use the word "  coup " Use of the word would have legal ramifications resulting in the end of U.S. aid The U.S. priority is to preserve some space while trying to contain a combustible situation
OPRAH.com  -- When the first book of the "  Twilight " series was released in October 2005 , no one could have guessed the phenomenon it would become . Four years later , 70 million copies have been sold worldwide . The books have spent 143 weeks on the New York Times best-seller list , and the first movie in "  The Twilight Saga " grossed $ 380 million at the box office . The story , a love triangle between a vampire , a human and a werewolf , has ignited an international frenzy , and the woman behind it all is 35-year-old author Stephenie Meyer . Once a stay-at-home mom , Stephenie says the idea for "  Twilight " came to her in a dream . "  It was two people in kind of a little circular meadow with really bright sunlight , and one of them was a beautiful , sparkly boy and one was just a girl who was human and normal , and they were having this conversation . The boy was a vampire , which is so bizarre that I 'd be dreaming about vampires , and he was trying to explain to her how much he cared about her and yet at the same time how much he wanted to kill her , " Stephenie says . "  It really captured my imagination . " That dream became Chapter 13 of "  Twilight . " Oprah.com : Get your Twilight " primer Before the night of the dream , Stephenie says she had lost herself a little in the work of motherhood . "  I was really burned out . I really had gotten into that zombie mom way of doing things where I was n't Stephenie anymore , " she says . " -LSB- Writing "  Twilight -RSB- was a release . That was the dam bursting . I 'd been bottling up who I was for so long , I needed an expression . " Though she 'd been married for 15 years , Stephenie says she did n't tell her husband at first about her new passion . "  My husband thought I 'd gone crazy . I 'd barely spoken to him because I had all these things going on in my head , and I was n't telling him about this weird vampire obsession because I knew he 'd freak out and think I 'd lost my mind , " she says . At first , Stephenie was documenting her dream only to make sure she would remember it , she says . "  The dream was just something I was so interested in , and it was so different from what my everyday was at the time , " she says . "  I just wanted to remember it so badly . That 's why I started writing it down -- not because I thought this would be a great story for a novel . " Oprah.com : Read an excerpt from "  Twilight " Though Stephenie had been an avid reader all her life , she says she was never a writer before "  Twilight . " "  It seems kind of presumptuous to me -LSB- to think -RSB- anyone else would want to read the things that are in my head , " she says . "  I did n't think of it -LSB- as a book -RSB- . I did the dream . And then I wanted to see what would happen with them . It was just me spending time with this fantasy world , and then when it was finished it was like , ` This is long enough to be a book ! ' " Before "  Twilight , " Stephenie says she read every type of book except for horror . "  That was the genre I just knew I was too chicken for , " she says . "  I read a little bit of everything . ... When I was 8 , I was reading "  Gone with the Wind " and "  Pride and Prejudice " and all that , not knowing it was n't my reading level . " Oprah.com : Gift ideas for every reader on your list Now that "  Twilight " is a huge success , it 's hard to imagine any literary agent rejecting it . But Stephenie says she 'd submitted it to plenty of people before she was signed . "  I got nine rejections , five no answers and then one ` I 'd like to read more , ' " she says . Stephenie says it was her sister who really pushed her to keep submitting it to more agents . "  She was the only one in the world who knew what I was doing , " she says . These days , the "  Twilight "  series is more than just a literary hit . The first two movies have also created a stir and catapulted three young stars into the limelight . British actor Robert Pattinson , who plays the lead vampire Edward Cullen , is now an international heartthrob . "  I knew that the problem was going to be Edward , because he 's the perfect vampire , " Stephenie says . "  How do you cast that from your pool of human actors ? " When producers found Robert , Stephenie says it was a perfect fit . "  He 's got something about him . He does n't look like everybody else . There 's something unusual , " she says . "  There are moments where he looks exactly like he did in my head . " Stephenie says casting Bella , the book 's protagonist , was a bit easier . "  There 's plenty of people who look like the girl next door , " she says . "  We were really lucky -LSB- to cast -RSB- Kirsten Stewart , who is a phenomenal actress . I did n't know if we were going to get that caliber . " Though Twi-hards , as fans are called , know most everything about the series , Stephenie says there is one secret she 's never revealed before . "  There was a different ending to "  New Moon " originally , " she says . "  It was a much quieter book . It was very much all in Bella 's head . " Oprah.com : Are you a Twi-hard ? Take the quiz ! Stephenie says fans have her mother to thank for "  New Moon 's " current dramatic ending . "  My mom 's like : ` You know , Stephenie , maybe a little more action at the end would be a good idea . Maybe you need that , ' " Stephenie says . "  And she was right , as usual . " Find out more about "  New Moon " Her mother 's suggestion prompted Stephenie to introduce the Volturi , an all-powerful coven of vampires living in Italy , sooner than she 'd planned . "  That 's kind of my favorite part now , and it 's there because my mom told me it would be better that way . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show  2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	"  Twilight " author Stephenie Meyer reveals her inspiration for the book "  I really had gotten into that zombie mom way of doing things ... " before a dream Nine people rejected her book , five ignored it , one said "  I 'd like to read more " Coven of vampires added to "  New Moon " after her mom suggested more action at end
The Hollywood Reporter  Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "  Suicide Squad , " Warner Bros. ' all-star action movie featuring DC Entertainment super-villains . David Ayer is directing the feature , which already boasts actors Jared Leto as the Joker , Will Smith as Deadshot and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn . Also in the lineup are Joel Kinnaman , Cara Delevingne , Viola David , Adam Beach , Ike Barinholtz , Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and Scott Eastwood . There will also possibly be cameos of Jesse Eisenberg who plays Lex Luthor and Ben Affleck as Batman in "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , " who are rumored to appear as Warners builds its own cinematic universe . Hollywood Reporter : ` Suicide Squad ' is ` Dirty Dozen ' with supervillains The story tells of imprisoned villains recruited by a government agency to perform covert operations . Details for Common 's role have not been revealed . Warners had no comment on the deal . The movie is in production in Toronto . Common is currently on screen with Warners ' Liam Neeson thriller "  Run All Night " and was part of the cast for acclaimed civil rights movie "  Selma . " For the latter he won an Oscar for best original song , which he shared with John Legend . He is due to shoot Relativity 's "  Hunter Killer " with Gerard Butler in July . Hollywood Reporter : What happens when ` Star Wars ' is just a war film ? He is repped by CAA and Myman Greenspan . Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment are both units of Time Warner , as is CNN .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Common joins "  Suicide Squad " cast , which already includes Will Smith , Jared Leto Film is about supervillains who team up
CNN  -- Five-year-old Jeremiah Oliver was last seen by his Massachusetts relatives on September 14 . But the investigation into his disappearance did n't begin until last week when the authorities were first alerted to it . Now , the child is feared dead , his mother and her boyfriend are in custody , and everyone is left wondering how a child could simply vanish unnoticed for three months . How could this happen , especially to a child who was supposed to be receiving monthly visits from a state-provided social worker ? Turns out , tragically , Jeremiah was not getting the visits , state officials say . Who 's to blame ? The finger pointing , demands for accountability and calls for investigations are reverberating throughout the state . "  This is a deeply concerning case of neglect and abuse , " said Olga Roche , commissioner of the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families . The state agency was charged with the responsibility of protecting children from child abuse . Roche called the situation "  a serious failure " and put the blame squarely on the shoulders of the boy 's social worker and supervisor , both of whom were quickly fired . "  The social worker assigned to this case did not conduct the required in-person , monthly checks on the family , " Roche said in a statement . "  And the supervisor failed to enforce that policy . " Neither the social worker nor the supervisor have been named , but their union spokesman says they have been made "  convenient scapegoats " at an overwhelmed agency . "  We are disappointed that Commissioner Roche is more interested in finger-pointing than accepting responsibility for yet another tragedy on her watch , " said Jason Stephany of the Service Employees International Union Local 509 , which represents caseworkers at the Department of Children and Families . "  Instead , the Commissioner has chosen a convenient scapegoat to deflect blame from department administrators . " More blame to go around But Gov. Deval Patrick hinted Friday that they might not be the only two held accountable . "  I 've asked the Commissioner to look into the question about whether responsibility goes beyond those two , " he said in an appearance on Boston Public Radio . "  I have some reason to believe it does . " The last documentation of an interaction with Jeremiah was in May , according to Department of Children and Families spokesman Alec Loftus . In June , Loftus says the social worker was told that Jeremiah had moved to Florida to live with his grandmother , but never bothered to follow up or verify whether that was the case . The last time a visit to the home occurred was in November , at which Loftus says the social worker left behind a business card indicating that this would be DCF 's final visit . Just days later , on December 2 , Jeremiah 's 8-year-old sister disclosed to counselors at her elementary school that her mom 's boyfriend , Alberto Sierra , 22 , had abused her , according to a police affidavit . Multiple calls to Sierra 's attorney have gone unreturned . "  As a result of those statements " the affidavit continues , " -LSB- she -RSB- and -LSB- another brother that is n't Jeremiah -RSB- were removed from the home and taken into protective custody . " When cops asked Elsa Oliver , 28 , where her third child Jeremiah was , she told them that he had moved to Florida , a law enforcement source involved in the investigation told CNN . This time , however , she was going to have to prove it . Where is Jeremiah ? Oliver went before a state juvenile judge at a hearing on December 13 , where she was "  observed to have bruises , disheveled hair , and appeared to have been assaulted , " according to court documents . She refused to divulge Jeremiah 's whereabouts , according to the source . The judge ordered her to produce the child within 72 hours . The time passed with no sign of Jeremiah . Oliver was arrested . The mother has been charged with two counts of reckless endangerment of a child and two counts of accessory after the fact of a felony  assault and battery with a dangerous weapon  , according to a statement from Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early . A plea of not guilty was entered on her behalf . Those charges may not necessarily pertain to Jeremiah and more details could emerge at a December 24 hearing , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office said . Elsa Oliver 's attorney , James Gavin Reardon , was n't able to elaborate either . "  I met with her for 10 hours and was unable to obtain any significant information " Reardon said , prompting him to seek a mental health evaluation to determine whether she was even competent enough to stand charges . He says that evaluation is currently underway . Sierra , meanwhile , is charged with two counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and two counts of assault and battery on a child causing bodily injury , according to the district attorney 's office said . A plea of not guilty was also entered on his behalf . He also has a hearing scheduled for December 24 . For now , authorities are holding out hope that Jeremiah might be out there somewhere , and they 're asking anyone who might know anything to call the Massachusetts State Police .	Jeremiah Oliver was last seen in September The 5-year-old is still missing The young boy 's mother and boyfriend have been arrested "  This is a deeply concerning case of neglect , " commissioner says
CNN  -- A federal judge has ordered the Obama administration to release 28 videotapes purportedly showing forced feedings and other confinement measures of detainees at the Guantanamo Bay facility in Cuba . Judge Gladys Kessler ruled Friday the tapes can be released with modifications -- such as blurring faces -- to address the government 's concerns over identifying guards , uniforms , and written materials on walls . "  Given what is already available to the public and known to the detainees , it simply is not plausible to argue that release of the videos will give rise to an additional probability of harm by encouraging the development of FCE -LSB- forced cell extractions -RSB- countermeasures , " Kessler said in the ruling . Lawyers for a Syrian man held at Guantanamo since 2002 , whose approved release is still pending , were lobbying for the release of the videos ahead of a hearing scheduled for Monday . Abu Wa'el Dhiab , 43 , has been on numerous hunger strikes while in detention . He and his lawyers are seeking a preliminary injunction preventing detention facility officials from forced cell extractions -LSB- FCE -RSB- , and placing him in a so-called restraint chair used for forced feedings . U.S. Navy nurse wo n't force-feed Guantanamo detainees The method is designed to provide liquid nutrition and medicine via a tube inserted in the nose directly into the stomach . Several media organizations -- including the Associated Press , NPR , The New York Times and Dow Jones -- had also filed a separate brief urging the release of the tapes , which show forced feedings of Dhiab and others . The Justice Department had expressed concern about national security or other sensitive information being inadvertently revealed in open court and requested a closed hearing , but Kessler strongly dismissed the arguments and denied the request . "  This Court has full faith in the ability of counsel and the court , acting together , to handle in an efficient and appropriate manner , all the classified and protected information , " Kessler wrote in a Thursday ruling . "  Moreover , a reasonable amount of delay and logistical burdens are a small price to pay for the virtues of judicial transparency . " The government will likely appeal , meaning it 's unlikely the videotapes will be released anytime soon . The case is Dhiab v. Bush  1:05 - cv-1457  .	Videos show forced feedings at Guantanamo Bay They can only be released with modifications Government will likely appeal , meaning they wo n't be seen soon
CNN  -- Former first lady Nancy Reagan has been released from a hospital after fracturing her pelvis during a fall at home last week , a spokeswoman said Friday . Former first lady Nancy Reagan is shown at an event in the nation 's capital in September . Reagan , 87 , returned to her Bel Air , California , home , spokeswoman Joanne Drake said . Doctors expect a full recovery , prescribing a regimen of daily physical therapy and a reduced public schedule , Drake said in a written release . The former first lady admitted herself to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on Tuesday after experiencing what Drake described as "  persistent pain . " Tests revealed a fractured pelvis and sacrum , the triangular bone within the pelvis . She also was hospitalized for two days in February after a fall . President Reagan died in June 2004 after a long battle with Alzheimer 's disease . Since his death , Nancy Reagan has remained involved with the national Alzheimer 's Association and its affiliate , the Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute in Chicago , Illinois . However , she has appeared in public only rarely in recent years . Reagan expressed her thanks in the release Friday to all those who prayed for her and sent cards , flowers , phone calls and e-mails .	Nancy Reagan admitted herself to a hospital with a fractured pelvis Tuesday Reagan , 87 , returned to her Bel Air , California , home Friday She previously was hospitalized for two days in February after a fall
CNN  -- The mother of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will meet with Ecuadorian authorities Monday to urge them to grant her son asylum . Christine Assange , who arrived in the capital city Quito on Saturday , told reporters she will appeal to Ecuador 's stance on human rights during her meeting . "  Surely , the president and his staff will make the best decision , " Christine Assange said , according to a report in the state-run El Ciudadano website . Her son has been holed up inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since applying for political asylum on June 19 . He is seeking to avoid being sent to Sweden over claims of rape and sexual molestation and said he fears if he is extradited there , Swedish authorities could hand him over to the United States . If her son is sent to the United States , he "  could expect a sentence of death or many years in prison with torture as they are doing now with Bradley Manning , " Christine Assange said , according to the El Ciudadano report . "  If they did that to a U.S. citizen , they would have fewer qualms about doing it to a foreigner . " Manning is a U.S. Army intelligence analyst suspected of leaking hundreds of thousands of classified military and State Department documents while serving in Iraq . Many of those documents ended up on the WikiLeaks website . He is being held on charges of aiding the enemy , wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the Internet , transmitting national defense information and theft of public property or records , among others . He could go to prison for life if convicted . Ecuador has said it is weighing Julian Assange 's asylum request and will make the decision on its own , in its own time . ` Syria File ' unlikely to affect Assange embassy standoff "  Ecuador will make its own , independent decision , " President Rafael Correa said in an interview to a local television station earlier this month . "  The case is under review . " Correa noted that capital punishment exists in the United States for a "  political crime , " and that fact could be sufficient grounds to grant Julian Assange asylum . Correa also stressed he is not afraid of international repercussions that might stem from whatever decision Ecuador makes . "  We have to see whether everything that 's being done in the case of Julian Assange is compatible with ... the constitution and our view of human rights , political rights and due process , " the president said . Julian Assange was arrested in Britain in 2010 because Swedish authorities wanted to question him about the sexual molestation and rape allegations , which he denies . His bail conditions included staying every night at the home of a supporter outside London . UK police say he violated his bail by staying at the embassy . After he entered it , they served him with notice to turn himself in -- an order he ignored , marking a further violation . Diplomatic protocol prevents police from entering the embassy to arrest him . Christine Assange said Saturday her son was being treated well at the embassy . "  I am grateful for the facilities Ecuador offered to my son in London , " she said . Two women have accused Julian Assange of sexually assaulting them in August 2010 , when he was visiting Sweden in connection with a WikiLeaks release of internal U.S. military documents . He was arrested in Britain that December and has been fighting extradition since , saying the allegations are retribution for his organization 's disclosure of American secrets . Susan Benn of the Julian Assange defense fund has said the United States had empaneled a grand jury in its goal to press charges against the WikiLeaks founder . Turning himself in to British authorities would start a process that would end with Julian Assange being extradited to the United States , Benn said . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , has published about 250,000 confidential U.S. diplomatic cables , causing embarrassment to the government and others . It also has published hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. documents relating to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . Julian Assange sought refuge at the embassy five days after the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom dismissed a bid to reopen his appeal of the decision to send him to Sweden , his last option in British courts . British officials have met with Ecuadorian authorities , but no information has been released about those meetings . See yourself as another Assange ? Good luck	"  Surely the president and his staff will make the best decision , " she says Julian Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 19 If he is sent to the U.S. , he "  could expect a sentence of death , " she says Ecuador says it will weigh the asylum request in its own time
CNN  -- Roger Federer has been hit with a $ 1,500 fine for swearing at the umpire during his shock U.S. Open final defeat to Juan Martin Del Potro . Federer argues with umpire Jake Garner during his five-set defeat to Del Potro . The world number one became embroiled in an argument with Jake Garner at the end of the second set after complaining Del Potro was taking too long to decide whether or not to make challenges . The Argentine successfully overturned an "  out " call shortly before Federer 's outburst , a point that led to him breaking serve and eventually taking the set . During the exchange Federer was picked up on microphones telling Garner : "  Do n't tell me when to be quiet , okay ? When I want to talk , I 'll talk . " Del Potro went on to claim his first grand slam , ending Federer 's five-year unbeaten run at Flushing Meadows and denying the Swiss maestro a 16th grand slam title . Federer 's fine pales in comparison to the one meted out to Serena Williams , who was docked $ 10,000 for an altercation with a line judge at the climax of her semifinal with eventual winner Kim Clijsters . Williams reacted angrily after being called for a foot fault , and unleashed a torrent of abuse at the official , who reported the exchange to umpire Louise Engzell . The resulting penalty point for a code violation handed the match to Clijsters . Williams later apologized for the incident . She was also fined $ 500 for racket abuse in the same encounter . Over $ 31,000 in fines were handed out in the final grand slam of the season with Daniel Nestor , from Canada , forced to pay $ 5,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct towards a fan he confronted . Vera Zvonareva of Russia and Austria 's Daniel Koellerer were also fined $ 1,500 for audible obscenities . Federer will get an early chance to put his U.S. Open disappointment behind him when he plays for Switzerland in a World Group playoff tie against Italy this weekend in Genoa .	Roger Federer fined $ 1,500 for his argument with umpire in U.S. Open final Federer confronted Jake Garner in row over challenges by Juan Martin Del Potro Del Potro went on to win his first grand slam in five-set thriller in New York
ZURICH , Switzerland  CNN  -- Turkey and Armenia signed an agreement Saturday night establishing diplomatic relations after nearly a century of animosity . Armenian and Turkish ministers sign accord as dignitaries , including U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , look on . The signing was delayed because of Armenian objections to the wording of a final oral statement intended to be given after the signing . However , neither the Armenians nor the Turks gave a closing statement after the signing . No further details were immediately available . The agreement will open their common border within two months after it is ratified by each country 's parliament . The border has been closed since 1993 . Turkish-Armenian relations are often overshadowed by the dispute over the massacre of ethnic Armenians in the final days of the Ottoman Empire , more than 90 years ago . Armenians accuse Ottoman Turks of committing genocide , killing more than a million Armenians beginning in 1915 . Turkey vehemently rejects these allegations . A complicating issue is the "  frozen conflict " in neighboring Nagorno-Karabakh , an ethnically Armenian enclave in Azerbaijan . Turkey closed its border with Armenia after Armenia attacked Azerbaijan over the territory . Watch report on the signing from CNN 's Ivan Watson " During the U.S. presidential campaign , then-candidate Barack Obama called for passage of the Armenian genocide resolution . Since his election , he has stepped back from the issue .	Signing was delayed , and no closing statement was made Agreement normalizes relations between the rival nations Accord will open border within two months of ratification Animosity dates back to Ottoman Empire ; Armenians accuse Turks of genocide
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Scarlett Johansson was hired by Woody Allen for the film "  Match Point " in 2005 , she was a last-minute replacement . Penelope Cruz , left , Scarlett Johansson and Woody Allen pose at the "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona " premiere . Now Johansson is Allen 's leading lady of choice , following in the footsteps of Louise Lasser , Diane Keaton and Mia Farrow . The actress stars in her third Allen film , "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona , " set to be released Friday . And her role as Cristina is nothing short of anticipated -- mostly because of buzz about her steamy love scenes with co-stars Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz . In the movie , Johansson and actress Rebecca Hall play , respectively , Cristina and Vicky . The two spend a summer vacationing in Spain where they meet a passionate artist  Bardem  and his slightly crazy ex-wife  Cruz  . The love triangle that results is classic Woody Allen . " -LSB- The movie is -RSB- about how hard it is to find love in the world , and how many traps and pitfalls there are , " Allen said . "  And how many problems we make for ourselves . " Watch the cast of "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona " talk about the movie " In other words , his "  usual negative spiel , " he said . CNN talked to Johansson about why she loves working with Allen , what it was like to kiss Cruz and the public 's "  crazy " reaction to her Barack Obama support . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : I think I 'm going to start off with the question that 's on everyone 's mind . What was it like to kiss Penelope Cruz ? Scarlett Johansson : It was a lot less hairy than kissing Javier Bardem , I will say that . It 's so unsexy when you 're actually doing it because there 's like 60 crew members eating their lunch , you know , trying to catch a bite while you 're doing the scene . I think that it felt very normal . These two characters are in love with each other and it 's romance . It 's not some gratuitous make-out session . I mean it was part of our characters ' lives , their development . CNN : Well , this is your third time working with Woody Allen , and I 'm convinced that there 's something in your clause that says you have to do at least one Woody Allen film per year . Johansson : I so wish that I could have that kind of contract . I would do craft service -LSB- movie catering -RSB- for Woody . I would do anything for him . He is so much fun to work with because , you know , we 're friends , and it 's like I come into work every day and you 're working with people that you love , and you know , we have almost a silent communication between us . CNN : Had you ever met Javier or Penelope at all ? Johansson : I met Penelope before , but only outside of work . I met her socially , but I did n't really know her . And Javier , I do n't think I had ever met him . You know we 're going into this really intimate relationship , all three of us , and we all fell so easily into that pattern . Penelope and Javier are both the sweetest . Of course , every woman on the side is charmed by Javier . He 's so charismatic ... and Penelope 's like this little firecracker . So the three of us just had such a wonderful time and really just enjoyed the scenes that we had together because we were able to improvise . We were able to really have an interesting dynamic between us . CNN : What was the one thing that lured you to this film ? Was there one thing , other than Woody Allen , that made you say , "  This is something I really want to do ? " Johansson : I think that I could not necessarily relate to , but I had an understanding of my character when I read the script . I would never do a film unless I could imagine myself playing the part and I had an idea . I kind of knew her , or I felt like I could get into that mindset , and that was the lure -- other than of course all the other things you mentioned , like Woody , Barcelona , Penelope , Javier ... ahh , like I said , I 'd do the craft service . CNN : You are quite the busy actress . -LSB- You just got -RSB- engaged , you 've got "  She 's Not That Into You " coming out . How are you doing it all ? Johansson : Well , -LSB- the film is -RSB- finished and it 's going to be released , I think , in February . And also I have "  The Spirit " coming out in December , and I just directed a short . So it 's a lot , you know , but this is my work . This is what I love to do . It 's my job and it 's what I 've always been passionate about -- performance and being collaborative and creative . I mean , that 's what I thrive on . CNN : Are you going to be able to squeeze any time to go to the -LSB- Democratic Convention -RSB- ? I know you 're a Barack Obama supporter . Johansson : I 'm not exactly sure if I 'm going to go yet . I have a lot of friends that are going , of course , and I 'm very , very excited to see him accept the nomination . I ca n't wait to hear the speech . I know a lot of people feel that way . CNN : There 's been so much fallout ever since you mentioned your name with Barack Obama .  There was some minor clucking in late spring when Johansson said she and the candidate had exchanged e-mail messages .  What do you think of that ? Johansson : It is crazy . I think that it 's , you know , it 's strange . I 've been supporting Obama for years , and always , I think like a lot of his supporters , always wanted him to run ... please run , please run ! And then when he finally did run , -LSB- I wanted to do -RSB- anything I could do , any way I could be associated and help out . It 's funny how the media has twisted it around in like some crazy way , but I will continue obviously to be a surrogate and do fundraising and all of that stuff . I 'm a huge , huge supporter .	Scarlett Johansson stars as free-spirited Cristina in "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona " Woody Allen wrote and directed film , for third time uses Johansson as star "  I would do anything for him , " Johansson says of working with Allen Movie set for release on Friday
CNN  -- If fans thought season one of "  Orphan Black " was mysterious , get ready to spiral deeper down the rabbit hole for a second season . The show returns this Saturday April 19 on BBC America . Never heard of "  Orphan Black " ? For the uninitiated , "  Welcome to the trip , man , " as character Cosima Niehaus would say . It all unfolds in the first three minutes of the series premiere : A woman on a train platform witnesses another woman jump to her death -- and they 're identical . The witness , morally ambiguous Sarah Manning  played by Tatiana Maslany  , assumes the dead woman 's identity . It 's no spoiler to say that things do n't work out the way she planned . By taking on the identity of the deceased Beth Childs , Sarah discovers that Beth was in contact with other identical women who are actually clones . Together , the clone sisters realize that some of their loved ones are really monitors for the mysterious Dyad Institute , overseeing the clone experiment . The clones can only trust one another as they try to unravel the mystery of their origins and the people who seek to control them . "  It 's a crazy , fast-paced clone conspiracy thriller and a long-arc mystery , " co-creator and writer Graeme Manson told CNN . The idea was heavily inspired by the mind-bending film "  Memento , " and evolved into a multifaceted story dealing with themes of nature vs. nurture and identity theft . "  We thought clones had n't really got their due . " For many , those first few glimpses hooked viewers and turned them into instant fans -- celebrities like Kevin Bacon , Damon Lindelof , Patton Oswalt and Emma Roberts included -- and the #cloneclub community was born . Why ` Orphan Black ' works Tatiana Maslany Maslany 's unique embodiment of each clone , from tough girl Sarah to geeky scientist Cosima to high-strung soccer mom Alison , is fascinating to watch . She created a playlist of songs to help her develop personalities for each character . As for playing multiple clones in a single scene , Maslany has acted against a double most recently . But she 's been known to rely on tennis balls with faces drawn on them and Xs taped on the wall and floor . "  Watching her do these characters in a very substantial , complex , layered way really is what made this absolutely absurd idiotic premise work , " co-creator and director John Fawcett told CNN . While the campaign to get Maslany nominated for an Emmy did n't succeed  and , as a result , incited the Twittersphere  , Maslany was nominated for Golden Globe and People 's Choice awards , and won the Critics ' Choice , Young Hollywood and Canadian Screen awards . It ca n't be easy to portray so many different characters , but Maslany makes it look effortless . "  I kind of have to think about all of them -LSB- ... -RSB- Just breathing and being there as that character , and letting that come out , with an awareness that I do have to move on from that person at the end of it , " Maslany told Entertainment Weekly . See Tatiana Maslany and more of CNN 's 10 fresh faces for 2014 Cliffhangers galore If you watch "  Orphan Black " regularly , you might have trust issues . Every episode is a roller coaster of twists and turns that creates doubt before the audience can believe a character 's motives completely . Paul Dierden  Dylan Bruce  , Beth 's boyfriend , proves to be a chameleon . One minute , he seems loyal to Sarah-as-Beth . The next minute , he 's reporting on her activities to the Dyad Institute . There is no lag time as the action stacks up back to back , usually pairing car chases and shootout scenes in between kidnappings and one clone masquerading as another . "  We wanted cliffhangers every act break and left turns when you were n't expecting them and to generally keep the audience unbalanced , " Fawcett said . Unconventional characters Each clone is surrounded by a memorable cast of characters . From Sarah 's sassy foster brother Felix  Jordan Gavaris  to Cosima 's beautiful lover Delphine  Evelyne Brochu ,  "  Orphan Black " tends to celebrate the underdog . These gritty , flawed portrayals are n't the characters you normally see on TV and they are n't written as classic archetypes . Sarah is a con artist with a checkered past , but she 's also a fiercely protective mother to her young daughter , Kira . Cosima is n't played as your average geek -- she 's quirky , making a brilliant discovery about clone DNA one second and smoking pot the next . Dr. Aldous Leekie  Matt Frewer  of the Dyad Institute is as charmingly likeable as he is terrifyingly controlling . Not only have fans identified with each clone , but the representations of LGBT characters like Felix and Cosima as well . "  I take joy in playing someone who is so liberated , not just in his sexuality , but his work as an artist , and his life , " Gavaris said . "  He 's not perfect , he 's an antihero with a lot of flaws  most of them powder-related  , but he is a fully realized human being . " Clone science Fawcett has become accustomed to hearing people say , "  I do n't normally like sci-fi , but I love your show . " That 's probably because cloning and body augmentation is played as modern science , rather than futuristic science fiction . The fictional Dyad Institute explores the ethical complications of when science plays God . It poses a question largely explored in Season 2 : When you 're a clone , who really "  owns " you and your DNA ? What to expect in Season 2 Now that you 're caught up , the new season will catapult from last year 's finale . "  Season 2 does two things , " Manson told CNN . "  It continues our fast pace and momentum and opens up our mysteries while giving some answers . " Specifically , this means the addition of threatening characters  think religious extremists  and delving into Cosima 's mysterious illness that could endanger all of the clones , while further exploring a clone we met at the end of Season 1 : Rachel Duncan . The ruthless corporate pro-clone and Sarah 's nemesis is actually Maslany 's favorite to play , and a large focus of the second season . The relationships between characters will shift as well . "  Sarah and Felix will be tested , there 's some contention there , " Gavaris said . "  I wanted to establish Felix outside of the clones , and the only way to do that is to put a wedge between him and Sarah . But I think the audience will understand it when we get there . " The biggest question shaping Season 2 : who took Sarah 's daughter , Kira , at the end of Season 1 ? As the only child born to a clone , plenty of people have good reason for viewing her as a scientific goldmine . And it appears we may not be finished with meeting all of the clones . Fawcett added that learning what the fans liked from season one and the strong response from the "  clone club " inspired the entire "  Oprhan Black " team to pull out all of the stops for Season 2 . "  The clone club community has been so inclusive and such a source of respectful conversation online , " Gavaris said . "  It 's the society we want . There 's no need for boxes or labels . We would all rejoice in a world where everyone is accepted . "	Season 2 of "  Orphan Black " returns April 19 Taking on the topic of clones , and using one actress to play them , makes the show stand out Season 2 promises new , threatening characters and more mysteries
CNN  They 're some of the toughest athletes on the planet , saying goodbye to loved ones for almost a year , as they traverse the globe 's oceans . Hardened Volvo Ocean Race sailors must sleep in four-hour shifts , and survive on little more than freeze dried food and chocolate bars , if they hope to win the event . The prestigious competition kicked off from Alicante , Spain , in October last year , and will finish nine months later in Gothenberg , Sweden . Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing skipper Ian Walker , spoke about the journey so far . This is the 45-year-old Briton 's third Volvo Ocean Race . "  As the leading offshore race -- and the one that is most vulnerable to nature and synonymous with danger -- it could be described as the ` Everest of sailing . ' " "  We trained for six months , covering 16,000 sea miles . As a team , we usually do three weeks on the boat , one week off . When not offshore , we train six-days-a-week in the gym . " "  Everybody has four hours on deck , followed by four hours off when you eat and sleep . On the off-watch , you still have to get on deck and help for any sail changes , so it is quite disturbed . " "  Mainly freeze dried food with some savory and sweet treats like beef jerky , dried fruits , one chocolate bar per day , and nuts . " "  I 'm the skipper , so overall in charge of safety and performance . I 'm involved with all strategic decisions with my navigator , Simon Fisher , and I run one of the watches when on deck . Onshore , I 'm also busy with media duties and management of our 15 shore team members . " "  It can be an emotional roller coaster and it can be tough not to take things personally if they do n't go well . At sea , emotions can range from frustration , boredom , elation , being scared , loneliness ... it is important to try to keep a level head at all times -- especially if you are the skipper ! " "  I have great respect for the ocean . It will always win in the end so you must respect it . I am also saddened by all the man-made debris we see in the ocean as we sail round the world . " "  A professional sailor with a fierce determination to win . Someone who is prepared to put the needs of the team above his own , and who is prepared to commit over 12 months of his life to being away from normal life . " Photo Gallery : On board the ` Everest of Sailing ' Insight : Can all-women team conquer sailing 's ` toughest ' race ? Watch : Who are the people who sail across the globe ?	Volvo Ocean Race described as the ` Everest of Sailing ' Seven teams battle on the high seas for nine months
LifeWire  -- Carol Ann Carnese never considered herself an anxious person . Except when it came to wet wood . Does this small creature terrify you ? You might have sciurophobia - the fear of squirrels . "  If I saw someone lick a wooden spoon , I had to turn away , " says the 41-year-old massage therapist from Portland , Oregon . "  I 'd break out into a sweat ... and I 'd just get sick to my stomach . I could not even look at someone with a toothpick in their mouth . " It was n't just looking at wet wood that freaked her out . It was touching it , too . "  I could not eat Popsicles to the end , " Carnese explains . "  As soon as I got close to the end , I would give it to my kids . I would not even own wooden utensils because I could not wash them . Not even in the dishwasher because they would still be damp when they came out . " Until Carnese was treated by a professional -- a process that involved gradual exposure to wet wood to "  reprogram " the way she thought about it -- physical contact with wet trees , fences and the deck surrounding her hot tub was out of the question .  Instead , she would wear slippers to walk back to the house post-soak .  See some examples of unusual phobias " A common affliction Carnese 's fear of seemingly innocuous objects and situations is no anomaly . Phobias are the No. 1 psychiatric illness in women of any age and the No. 2 in men older than 25 , according to the American Psychiatric Association . A "  specific " phobia , or an "  excessive and unreasonable fear of a specific object , place or situation , " afflicts about 19 million people in the U.S. , according to the Anxiety Disorders Association of America . Fears can range from the relatively commonplace fear of closed spaces , or claustrophobia , to the more unusual , such as a fear of dolls or children , known as pediophobia . "  Phobias can affect anyone , " says Elizabeth Lombardo , a clinical psychologist in Wexford , Pennsylvania . "  So many highly functioning people have them . It does n't matter your socioeconomic status , your intelligence level . " Being rational does n't help Even realizing that a doll or a wet popsicle stick is harmless does n't help sufferers overcome their phobias . "  Knowing that it is n't rational or it does n't make sense does n't help them get over their fear , " Lombardo explains . "  Your mind says it 's not rational , but your body says , ` Yeah , but I 'm scared . ' " Just ask Bryan Schultz , 36 , who is afraid of "  any small , furry animal that gnaws on things . " "  Rabbits and squirrels are especially terrifying for me , but even non-rodentia , like ferrets , freak me out , " says the copywriter from State Center , Iowa . "  I work right next to a park with many trees , and I have to honk the car horn to scare any critters away before I open the door on many mornings . " "  I recognize rationally that it 's funny , " says Schultz , who does n't consider himself a "  fearful " person . But that does n't stop his heart from doing backflips when he encounters a squirrel . Coping mechanisms Rather than seek professional help , which often involves confronting the feared object or situation directly , phobics may try to manage their anxiety through avoidance . "  I 've never sought treatment , partly out of embarrassment and partly because I 've learned to cope by making small modifications , " Schultz says . Instead of walking on the sidewalk , he quickly moves to the street if he spots a squirrel in his path . When a carpool buddy intentionally parked under a tree filled with squirrels as a prank , "  I had to honk the horn and sit in the car for seven minutes " after his colleague had gone into the office , Schultz says . Peyton Pinkerton , 37 , guitarist with the band Pernice Brothers , battles a similar impulse to flee the object of his personal phobia : clowns . "  I was yelled at by a birthday party clown when I was about 4 years old and have been absolutely terrified of them ever since , " says the resident of Northampton , Massachusetts . "  If I 'm surprised by seeing a clown , it 's like snakes or rats . My fight-or-flight response kicks in , " Pinkerton says . "  I have run out of malls , fairgrounds , etcetera , on repeated occasions . " Face , do n't flee , the fear Avoidance and other quick fixes are no substitute for treating the phobia , Lombardo says . "  That 's what we call a Band-Aid reaction , " she says . "  It perpetuates your fear . " The good news , Lombardo says , is that phobias can be cured . If you 're suffering from one , she suggests the following :  Go easy on yourself . "  People are so embarrassed by this , " Lombardo says . "  They think there 's something wrong with them . " But , she says , not beating yourself up is key .  Remember to breathe . "  When people are confronted with their fear , their distress level increases , " Lombardo says . "  Deep breathing is always a good thing . "  Seek counseling . Cognitive behavioral therapy  CBT  , which Lombardo practices , can often help patients kick their phobias in eight to 12 sessions . CBT focuses on changing self-destructive ways of thinking .  Face the music . Facing the feared object head-on is important . "  You 're retraining your body in addition to your mind . It 's like putting your feet in a hot bathtub or cold pool : You wait a little bit , and your body gets used to it , " Lombardo says . LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to web publishers . Michelle Goodman is a freelance writer and author of "  My So-Called Freelance Life : How to Survive and Thrive as a Creative Professional for Hire . "	Phobias are No. 1 psychiatric illness in women , No. 2 in men older than 25 Phobia : "  excessive and unreasonable fear of a specific object , place or situation " Afflicts 19 million people in U.S. , says Anxiety Disorders Association of America Avoidance is no substitute for treating phobias , expert says
CNN  -- The beauty of skiing was on display on the final day at the World Cup event in Wengen as Alexis Pinturault claimed some big scalps to win the men 's slalom . The Frenchman flew down a near flawless second run to beat Germany 's Felix Neureuther and world champion Marcel Hirscher , favorite for next month 's Winter Olympic title . "  At the moment , there 's a very good standard in slalom and giant slalom and when you win , victory is beautiful , " Pinturault told reporters . "  I finished ahead of a world gold and silver medallist , it 's true . But in slalom , it 's never just anyone . There are only big names , top skiers . Therein lies the beauty of skiing . " The alpine event is one of the most hotly-anticipated at the looming Sochi Games with 15 skiers rated as potential medallists . American Olympic super-combined champion Bode Miller , however , did not mark his card ahead of the Olympics as he finished a lowly 26th in the race in the Swiss Alps . The women 's World Cup downhill and super-G events in the Italian Dolomites resort of Cortina d'Ampezzo were canceled because of heavy snow . The events will now be held Wednesday to Sunday as the skiers try to find form ahead of the Winter Olympics .	Alexis Pinturault wins the men 's slalom World Cup event in Wengen The pacy Frenchman finished ahead of Felix Neureuther and Marcel Hirschel Pinturualt described victory in the highly-competitive event as "  beautiful " The women 's World Cup events in Italy have been postponed because of heavy snow
CNN  -- Tommy John pitched 26 seasons in the major leagues , with his 700 career starts ranking him 8th all-time among major league baseball pitchers . But eclipsing his lasting legacy on the mound is the story of his injury , the pioneering surgery and rehabilitation he endured , and the lasting impact the eponymous operation has had on hundreds of players ever since . Today , sports fans and athletes hear the term "  Tommy John surgery " and do n't flinch ; it 's no longer seen as a career-ender . There are currently 29 active ballplayers in the major leagues slated to have , or who have already have had , Tommy John surgery , according to MLBDepthcharts.com . They include the Chicago White Sox ' Philip Humber , who pitched only the 21st perfect game in Major League Baseball history last Saturday . He underwent a successful Tommy John surgery in 2005 . Another is the Colorado Rockies ' Jamie Moyer , who last week became the oldest pitcher -- at age 49 -- to record a victory in the major leagues . Ulnar Collateral Ligament Reconstruction surgery , as it 's medically known , is a grafting procedure in which doctors take tendons from another part of the body -- the forearm , hamstring , hip or knee -- and replace the medial ligament in the elbow with the grafted portion . Two holes are drilled into the patient 's arm bones and the replacement ligament is woven between the two holes in a pattern resembling a figure-eight . So what does John think of his name becoming synonymous with such a high-profile medical procedure ? "  If I 'd known you could throw a perfect game with this , I would have tried a little harder , " quipped John , now 68 . When he refers to the operation , without hesitation , he calls it Tommy John surgery , saying it 's an honor to have the operation referred to by his name . On July 17 , 1974 , the then 31-year-old John was pitching for the Los Angeles Dodgers against the Montreal Expos . He recalled the fateful moment . "  I had runners on first and second . I was trying to get the batter to hit a sinker to get him to hit a ground ball so I could get two and get out of the inning unscathed . I threw a sinker and right as I threw , I felt this searing pain and the ball just blooped up to the plate and I went , ` Holy mackerel , what did I do ? ' " He would attempt another pitch before leaving the game . "  I got to the bench , I got my jacket and I told our trainer , I said Billy , let 's get Dr. Jobe -- something 's wrong , get Dr. Jobe , and the rest is history , " John said . Dr. Frank Jobe was the Los Angeles Dodgers ' orthopedic surgeon and a good friend of John 's . After several examinations , Jobe gave the pitcher grim news : if he did n't have surgery , he would never play major league baseball again . For John , the notion was unthinkable . And while he trusted Jobe and considered him a friend , the surgery had never been attempted by a medical professional . "  He told me what he was going to do , " John recalled , "  He said , if you 've pulled it off the bone , then what we 'll do is just reattach it to the bone and it will be no problem . But if it 's not , I 'm going to have to take this tendon from your right forearm and graft it into your left elbow . " John , a college math major , asked his surgeon friend for the odds of a successful outcome . Jobe put the odds at 1 % . "  Well , I was valedictorian of my high school class and 1 % or 2 % in 100 is far better than zero percent in 100 , " he said . On September 25 , 1974 , Jobe performed the surgery . The rehab was grueling , initially leaving John with what he calls a "  claw hand . " There was a subsequent surgery to repair nerve damage . After 16 weeks , he was able to finally throw a baseball . He would miss the entire 1975 season . But John recalls his rehabilitation pitching regimen after surgery as being a true test . "  I threw the ball every single day except Sunday . My reasoning was that if God rested on Sunday , I thought Tommy John should too . " He returned to baseball in 1976 and pitched 13 more seasons , ending his career in 1989 . So why do players still suffer injuries requiring Tommy John surgery ? John says it 's because coaches overwork young players in today 's game . Most kids , according to John , pitch year-round , while their arms are still developing . "  Did Steve Carlton throw 12 months out of the year ? No . Why would you take guys that are less skilled and younger and abuse their arm for 12 months when the best in the world do n't do it for 12 months ? " John said . Players facing Tommy John surgery today still face months of grueling rehab . When asked why , despite medical advances , rehab time really had n't improved , John said , "  I think you have to give your arm rest . God will heal your arm . Nature , your body was made to heal . " There 's no "  Tommy John club " for the hundreds of players who can thank him for pioneering the medical procedure that saved their careers . Although he 's thought about inviting some of them to play in a golf tournament , John says he does n't stay in touch with the players who go through the procedure . John now lives in New Jersey , and says he feels good . "  My elbow is fine -- my shoulder is shot -- but my elbow is fine , " John said . And when he watches the Dodgers baseball today , does he root for the pitcher who has undergone Tommy John surgery or his former team ? He says he roots for players . "  I never was a team guy . Well , I 'm a Bears fan and a Cubs fan . But I never was a team fan . " John is still active in baseball , still scouts players , and recently managed for the independent Bridgeport Bluefish , a job he calls "  the most fun I ever had . " He also works for a company that sells scoreboards to sporting venues . He recognizes that some young fans know him for the surgery and not his baseball career , but he 's not bothered . "  I thank God that Dr. Jobe did what he had to do and I did what I had to do . And it will be forever known as Tommy John surgery . I 'll be dust in the ground and Tommy John surgery will probably be living on . "	Hundreds of baseball players have had Tommy John surgery John says it 's an honor to have the operation named after him The rise in the number of surgeries is due to younger players playing year-round , John says
CNN  -- The rapper 50 Cent brought a little holiday cheer and Thanksgiving food to New Yorkers hit hard by Superstorm Sandy . Curtis Jackson , who goes by the name 50 Cent , grew up in South Jamaica , Queens , lent a hand to feed Sandy victims at the Our Table is Yours event at the Cipriani Restaurant in Lower Manhattan on Wednesday . "  Having Sandy hit New York -- you wan na get out and make sure everybody understands that you care about it , " he said . The event provided meals to more than 1,000 New Yorkers impacted by Superstorm Sandy and was a collaborative effort between Food Bank for New York City , Feeding America , the Food Network , the Cooking Channel and Southern Wine and Spirits of America . Despite Sandy , Queens family gives thanks together Buses transported guests to Cipriani , where they enjoyed meals prepared by professional chefs . Food included Thanksgiving favorites like turkey , mashed potatoes , veggies and plenty of desserts . Guests also were given a prepared meal to take home and gift cards to purchase essentials . A champion in the fight against hunger , 50 Cent works with Feeding America , the nation 's leading domestic hunger relief charity . After a trip to Africa , he became impassioned to spread awareness and fight world hunger . "  Hunger 's not a third world issue . It 's a world issue . Within America one in six Americans actually go hungry . You 've got more than one in five kids experiencing hunger or they 're surviving on just their school lunch , " he said . To help achieve a goal of eradicating hunger , 50 Cent provides 250 meals to Feeding America for every pair of headphones purchased online through his company , SMS Audio . Volunteers help Sandy victims start over As for his own Thanksgiving , he loves turkey and stuffing , but his favorite dish is canned cranberry sauce . "  You 've got ta have it ... I look forward to that particular portion of the meal , " he said . To get involved this holiday season and make a donation to Food Bank for New York City 's Hurricane Sandy relief efforts click here . To purchase a pair of the 50 Cent SMS Audio headphones and provide 250 meals to Feeding America , please click here .	50 Cent served food to New Yorkers affected by Superstorm Sandy He worked with a coalition of nonprofits to make sure those still struggling could enjoy a meal Rapper is on a mission to eradicate hunger
CNN  -- A guaranteed multiple Oscar nominee and the film that cements Alexander Payne as one of the top filmmakers of his generation  as if he were n't already there with "  Election , " "  About Schmidt " and "  Sideways "  , "  The Descendants " is nothing short of a masterpiece . It 's everything that a great film should be : beautifully acted and directed , funny , touching , heartbreaking and , most of all , true . Not only that , but it 's George Clooney 's best work to date and further highlights his status as the rarest of Hollywood hybrids : the movie star-actor . In the opening voiceover , Matt King  Clooney  attempts to dispel the idea of Hawaii as a paradise , pointing out that Hawaiians get cancer and deal with heartaches , homelessness and every other modern problem that the rest of the world has . Living in Hawaii does n't make them hurt any less . It 's a lesson to learn , because while the film that follows uses Hawaiian landscapes , people and most of all music to great effect . None of these dulls the emotions and experiences that the film evokes . Matt 's wife , Elizabeth , is the victim of a boating accident , rendering her comatose , and he suddenly finds himself in charge of 10-year-old Scotty  Amara Miller  and 17-year-old Alexandra  Shailene Woodley  . He considers himself the "  backup parent , " but it 's time for him to step up , something he 's clearly not ready for . Despite the dark and not remotely funny subject matter of a family whose wife/mother lies in a coma , "  The Descendants " manages to be sad without being maudlin , funny in the face of tragedy without being insensitive , and a thoroughly enjoyable film without sacrificing drama , character development , story or honesty . A lesser team than Payne and his cast might have swung too far into melodrama and ended up in a slog through long monologues about emotion and relationships , but screenwriters Payne , Nat Faxon and Jim Rash  the film is based on the novel by Kaui Hart Hemmings  have created an honest and entertaining portrait of a family in crisis . While he has committed to living modestly  "  give your kids enough money so that they can do something but not enough so that they can do nothing " is one of his mottos  , Matt is as close to Hawaiian royalty as a  mostly  white man can get . He can trace his family 's lineage to both King Kamehameha and the islands ' first white settlers . As part of their Hawaiian legacy , Matt and his extended family of cousins  including Cousin Hugh , Cousin Ralph , Cousin Hal , Cousin Milo , Cousin Stan , Cousin Wink , Cousin Six , Cousin Dave and Cousin Connie  own the largest remaining tract of pristine land on Kauai , which is being held in a trust . However , time is running out on said trust , and Matt must decide what to do with it . Sell to developer A or developer B ? Do n't sell and bequeath it to the state , even though many of the cousins want the money from a sale ? It 's a dilemma that adds to his familial stress . To top it all off , Alex clues him in to the fact that before his accident , Elizabeth had been cheating on him . Not only is the wife he loves in a coma , she 's been betraying him , and there 's no way for him to confront her . The scenes where Clooney vents at his comatose wife are heartbreaking , and he is note-perfect as the cuckolded husband who has to process his anger , grief , love and loss simultaneously . These various storylines and others , including what part Elizabeth 's lover  Matthew Lillard  plays in all of this , ebb and flow with natural grace and rhythm , taking us along for a memorable ride . The supporting cast is so loaded with exceptional performances that to sing all their praises might seem like overkill . However , three deserve special praise . Woodley , as troubled but intelligent Alex , gives the most authentic and moving adolescent female performance in years . Away at boarding school when the accident happens , Alex is a girl with a troubled past  drinking , drugs  and present , seeing as she 's been keeping her mother 's infidelity secret , despite the fact that she hated her mother for betraying her father . Now , while Matt is dealing with the emotions brought on by a dying wife whom he can not even speak with , Alex is processing her own emotions about her mother while co-parenting her younger sister . Woodley accomplishes this with extraordinary class , grace and natural talent . She 's got the "  f *** you ! " attitude familiar to parents of a teenager and the burgeoning parental and caring instincts of an adult . Her rapport with Clooney is one of the things that makes this film go . And then there 's Sid . Played by newcomer Nick Krause , Sid is the friend Alexandra calls to help her through the tough times , and well , he 's kind of an idiot and kind of not and kind of exactly what the film needs . He 's goofy but earnest , clueless and caring and , most important , knows what Alex is going through . He also delivers  and receives  some of the film 's best lines . Sid 's nemesis , for lack of a better word , is Elizabeth 's father , Scott  Robert Forster  . Played with steely incorrigibility , Scott has blinders on when it comes to his daughter and blames Matt for her condition , suggesting that the accident was Matt 's fault because he did n't buy her her own boat . He 's going through something no parent should , the impending death of a child , and he 's not afraid to speak his mind . Scott 's vocal anger toward Matt and cranky old-man persona  complete with beige support socks  hides a grief that plays itself out entirely behind Forster 's squinty eyes . It 's a devastating performance and pitch perfect . And that 's really the crux of what makes this film so magnificent . Pretty much everyone out there knows , to a certain extent , what these characters are going through . Most of us have lost someone . A parent , more often than not , or a child , sibling or spouse . To be personal for a moment , I lost both of my parents during the past six years , and in its way , like some truly great art can , this film has helped me process their loss a little more . Obviously , everyone 's experiences are unique , but there are certain near-universal truths that inhabit these types of situations . "  The Descendants " presents them in natural , comfortable and , best of all , memorable ways . "  The Descendants " is rated R . It contains all the colorful language one would expect , given the situations .	Reviewer : Film beautifully acted and directed , funny and touching "  The Descendants " manages to be sad without being maudlin The supporting cast is loaded with exceptional performances
CNN  If it were easy , any company or government could do it . But flying an Ebola patient halfway around the world -- while keeping that person alive , and everyone safe -- is complicated . Probably no one knows that better than Phoenix Air , a Georgia-based company that is the go-to for transporting Ebola victims by air . Since August , it has made approximately 40 trips -- about half to Europe , the rest to the United States . "  We 're like a fire truck sitting in the firehouse . The bell goes off and within a matter of hours we can be out the door and underway , " said Dent Thompson , vice president and chief operations officer at Phoenix Air . He described the system that goes inside the company 's modified Gulfstream G-III aircraft . It consists of three major elements : Once the plane has landed and the patient has left , the whole system is sealed . The aircraft then flies to a high-security hanger in Cartersville , Georgia , where it undergoes a complete decontamination process , which can take up to 24 hours . Everything inside the liner , including the liner , is sterilized multiple times . The liner and everything in it is then removed , put in special boxes , and taken to a federally licensed incinerator where everything is destroyed . "  We like to say it 's more sterile than the surface of the moon when we 're done with it , " Thompson said . Phoenix Air began developing its system way before the current Ebola outbreak . It worked with the Department of Defense and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to build a system that could safety transport patients with contagious diseases . Then , the main concerns were SARS , swine and bird flu . It took years to work out the kinks and get the system approved , and by the time the work was done , the need had sort of petered out . But Thompson said Phoenix Air held onto the system , knowing -- unfortunately -- the need would arise again . He got a call from the State Department in July . By August , the company had completed its first Ebola flight , safely delivering Dr. Kent Brantly to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . A few days later , it brought Nancy Writebol to the same hospital for treatment . And on and on and on . Thompson said other groups are now developing systems similar to Phoenix Air 's , including the U.S. government . But so far , none has flown . "  Other organizations have built systems , but we 're the ones still doing it , " he said . More than 10,000 people have died in the Ebola outbreak , mostly in the countries of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone .	Georgia company equips plane to transport Ebola patients Design was developed when SARS , swine and bird flu were generating concern
CNN  -- Life goes on for people who jump out of airplanes , even a day after two fellow parachutists died when their canopies apparently became entangled . Jumps continue at the Parachute Center , where two parachutists died Sunday . On Monday , the Parachute Center near Lodi , California , was open , just like it is any other day . The two jumpers who died Sunday had taken off from the parachute facility in central California . "  Everybody 's sad . Everybody 's unhappy , " said Parachute Center owner Bill Dause . "  But everybody here is here because they enjoy jumping . Neither one of them would have wanted us to shut the doors , " he said , referring to the jumpers who died Sunday . The San Joaquin County Sheriff 's Office received a 911 call for assistance at 12:53 p.m. Sunday , said Deputy Les Garcia . The sheriff 's spokesman confirmed there were two deaths , but referred questions to the Federal Aviation Administration . "  We 're investigating , " said FAA spokesman Ian Gregor , adding that two investigators were on their way to the jump center . The inquiry could take months , Gregor said . "  One of the main things we want to do is get a hold of a video that was supposedly taken , " Gregor said . The FAA has purview over such issues as how the parachutes were packed -- by whom , when and how -- and whether weather conditions were correctly considered . "  Obviously , in a situation like this , we certainly want to look at how the parachutes were packed , " he said . "  But it 's possible that what happened is beyond our regulatory capability . " Garcia said he could not identify the two victims . "  The ID and notification of next of kin is pending , " he said , because "  one of the victims has two names . " Parachute Center owner Dause and media reports have identified the victims as Robby Bigley and Barbara Cuddy . They were among eight parachutists from a competition team who jumped from an airplane at 9,000 feet to practice making a "  canopy-relative formation , " a maneuver in which they stacked parachutes near each other to form a wedge , Dause said . "  The last two individuals docking experienced canopy problems , " Dause said . One jumper 's chute rotated into another jumper 's canopy and they smacked into a third parachutist , Dause said . The third parachutist managed to wriggle free , Dause said , but the other two remained entangled and spiraled down from 5,000 feet . They were unable to deploy their reserve chutes . They landed in a vineyard , Dause said . One victim was dead at the scene and the other died at a local hospital , reports said . Bigley and Cuddy are listed on the United States Parachute Association Web site as national record holders for formation jumps . Bigley 's record jump occurred this year and Cuddy 's in 2007 . The jump team was preparing for a national competition in October . According to the United States Parachute Association , there were 30 skydiving fatalities last year . No figures were available for this year . The most fatalities occurred in 1998 , when 44 people died . The fewest in recent years was in 2007 , with 18 , according to the association . Dause said there have been previous fatalities at the Parachute Center , but he did not elaborate . "  We 've been open for a long time , " he said .	Jumpers die when parachutes tangle during a formation Parachutists were part of an 8-person team practicing for competition FAA will investigate how parachutes were packed , possible role of weather
To thunderous and sustained applause , Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai and India 's Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize on Wednesday , an award that a Nobel official said he hopes encourages others to fight for young people 's rights . The two learned they would take home the prestigious prize two months ago . Wednesday 's ceremony in Oslo , Norway -- attended by royalty , international officials , even some of Yousafzai 's classmates from Pakistan -- made it official . Both recipients had much at stake as they battled for what they believed in . In Satyarthi 's case , it was to end the exploitation of children for financial gain . In the case of Yousafzai -- the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner , at 17 -- it was for girls ' right to an education , a quest that nearly cost her her life when Taliban fighters called her out and shot her in the head two years ago . Man arrested after interrupting ceremony "  We need people like Satyarthi and Yousafzai to show that it helps to fight , " said Thorbjorn Jagland , chairman of the Nobel Peace Prize Committee . Jagland , who is the secretary general of the Council of Europe , added that in addition to bringing attention to children 's rights , he hopes the joint award will also bring India and Pakistan closer together . Those neighboring countries have long been at odds , politically and at times militarily . "  While it is in the nature of extremism to create enemies and frightening images , and to divide the world into us and them , the laureates show us something else , " Jagland said . "  A young girl and a somewhat older man . One from Pakistan , one from India . One Muslim , the other Hindu . Both symbols of the world needs -- namely , more unity . " Satyarthi spoke first after accepting his prize , giving a rousing call to action and a condemnation of the reality in many places worldwide . "  I refuse to accept that the world is so poor when just one week of military expenditures can bring all children to classrooms , " he said . "  I refuse to accept that all the laws and constitutions and police and judges are unable to protect our children . I refuse to accept that shackles of slavery can ever be stronger than the quest for freedom . " Next up was Yousafzai , from northwestern Pakistan 's Swat Valley . The Taliban began establishing themselves there in 2003 , bringing with them their conservative views -- including that girls should not be educated . Yet Yousafzai did n't only continue going to school , she blogged about her experiences for the BBC . That led to her being singled out on a bus by the Taliban and shot . After her recovery , Yousafzai has expanded her campaign for girls ' education -- speaking all around the world for the cause . Speaking Wednesday , she said the Nobel Peace Prize "  is not just for me . It is for those forgotten children who want education . It is for those frightened children who want peace . It is for those voiceless children who want change . " "  I 'm here to stand up for their rights , to raise their voice , " she said . "  It is not time to pity them . It is not time to pity them . It is time to take action , so it becomes the last time ... that we see a child deprived of education . "	India 's Kailash Satyarthi , Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai are awarded Nobel Peace Prize Satyarthi has been active in fighting against child exploitation for financial gain Targeted by the Taliban , Yousafzai is a champion for girls education Chairman : "  We need people like Satyarthi and Yousafzai to show that it helps to fight "
CNN  -- North Korea has rescinded its invitation for a U.S. envoy to visit the secretive nation to discuss the fate of Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American man who is being held there , a State Department official said Sunday . Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast . Pyongyang sentenced him last year to 15 years of hard labor , accusing him of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . He is widely reported to have been carrying out Christian missionary work in North Korea . Bae , 45 , operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to his family , who have described him as a devout Christian . No reason was given for the trip cancellation . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki expressed disappointment that Ambassador Robert King 's visit was called off and noted North Korea had said it would n't use Bae as a "  political bargaining trip . " This is the second time North Korea has canceled a planned visit by King . Bae was moved to a hospital last year after his health deteriorated . But last week the United States said he had been moved back to a labor camp , a development his family described as "  devastating . " "  We again call on the DPRK to grant Bae special amnesty and immediate release as a humanitarian gesture so he may reunite with his family and seek medical care , " Psaki said Sunday . "  We will continue to work actively to secure Mr. Bae 's release . " The Rev. Jesse Jackson , the U.S. civil rights leader , has offered , at the request of Bae 's family , to "  travel to Pyongyang on a humanitarian mission focused on Bae 's release , " Psaki added . She said that annual joint military exercises by U.S. and South Korean forces , due to begin later this month , are "  in no way linked to Mr. Bae 's case . " Tensions over exercises The large military drills anger the nuclear-armed North Korean regime , which says it views them as a prelude to an invasion . Last year , Pyongyang 's threatening rhetoric reached alarming levels during the exercises , heightening tensions in the region . North Korea has been urging the South not to take part in the drills -- a call that Seoul and Washington have rejected . This year 's exercises , involving thousands of U.S. and South Korean troops , will begin February 24 , United States Forces Korea said Monday . One of the exercises , Key Resolve , in which about 5,200 U.S. troops will participate , will run until March 6 . The U.S. military says Key Resolve makes sure forces are prepared to defend South Korea and trains them to "  respond to any potential event on the peninsula . " The other exercise , Foal Eagle , in which about 7,500 U.S. troops will take part , continues until April 18 . Foal Eagle , according to the U.S. military , is "  a series of joint and combined field training exercises " that combine ground , air , naval , expeditionary and special operations . United States Forces Korea said the North 's Korean People 's Army had been informed of the dates of the exercises and of "  the non-provocative nature of this training . " The dates of the drills overlap with planned reunions of families in North and South Korea who were separated by the Korean War in the 1950s . The reunions of about 200 people -- 100 from each country -- are scheduled to take place between February 20 and 25 at a resort on the North 's side of the heavily militarized border . But Pyongyang said last week it may back out of the arrangement -- as it has in the past -- if South Korea goes ahead with the joint military drills with the United States . CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : The Rev. Jesse Jackson has offered to go to Pyongyang Ambassador Robert King was scheduled to visit and discuss Bae 's case North Korea has held Bae , a Korean-American , since November 2012 Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills , which anger Pyongyang , begin later this month
CNN Student News  -- March 25 , 2014 On today 's show , we cover a highly contagious and deadly outbreak of Ebola virus in West Africa , and we report on how officials are trying to contain it . After some investment trivia , we discuss the IPO of the makers of an incredibly popular online game . And we introduce you to a CNN Hero who wants to make sure that everyone in America has a bed to sleep on . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : In what ways might news media and social media help to promote public health ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Ebola 2 . IPO 3 . "  freemium " Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What tragic announcement did Malaysian officials make yesterday regarding Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? How did some of the grieving families react to this announcement ? What do officials say are their sources of information ? Where do they believe that the plane crashed ? 2 . What is Ebola ? On what continent have most Ebola outbreaks taken place ? In what African country is the disease appearing for the first time ? Why are people there afraid ? What is Doctors Without Borders doing to fight the epidemic ? 3 . What is an IPO ? What company that produces the online game Candy Crush is launching its IPO this week ? How does this game generate revenue ? What percentage of King Digital 's revenue comes from Candy Crush ? 4 . Who is Mark Bergel ? How does he help families in need ? How do the families benefit from the furniture they receive ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what is the best way to tell the human side of the story involving Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 while respecting the victims ' grieving families ? 2 . In addition to the medical challenges that a deadly disease like Ebola presents , what challenges might doctors have in preventing the spread of this disease in Guinea ? How might they address these challenges ? 3 . Why do you think that most investments carry a degree of risk ? How might you inform yourself about a company before investing in it ? If you had the money to buy into a company 's IPO , what would you want to know before investing ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A Malaysian model , who was set to become the first woman to be caned in the southeast Asian country for drinking beer in public , had her sentence postponed Monday until the end of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan . Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno 's punishment is unique in that she has opted to go through with it . Authorities had picked up Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno , 32 , from her father 's house Monday morning and were taking her to a prison in the eastern state of Pahang when the van turned around and brought her back . "  They sent her back to the house . They said the top official asked them not to bring her to Kuala Lumpur , " said Kartika 's father , Shukarno Abdul Muttalib . Authorities in Pahang said the delay would run until the month of fasting ends . Monday was the third day of Ramadan . An Islamic , or sharia , court in Pahang had fined Kartika -- a Muslim -- $ 1,400  5,000 Malaysian ringgit  and sentenced her to six strokes with a rattan cane for drinking at a hotel bar two years ago . Kartika , a 32-year-old part-time model and mother of two , was visiting Malaysia from Singapore at the time . She pleaded guilty , paid the fine , and wanted her caning to be carried out in public . Watch more on Kartika 's release " She said she lost her job as a nurse in Singapore and took up part-time modeling to support her husband in raising their two children . Her son has cerebral palsy ; her daughter a heart condition . "  I want to move on . This case has been hanging over me for a long time , " she told CNN last week . On Monday morning , Kartika hugged her children , bade a tearful goodbye to the throngs of people gathered at her father 's house , and boarded the van . She was to be taken to a prison on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur . The caning would have been carried out within seven days of that , making her the first woman to be caned in Malaysia under sharia law . Kartika 's punishment is unique in that she has opted to go through with it . Two other Malaysians sentenced to the same fate have filed appeals , the Syariah  Sharia  Lawyers ' Association of Malaysia said . The case drew widespread attention and condemnation , in and outside Malaysia . The moderate Muslim country has a dual-track justice system , in which Islamic courts operate alongside civil courts . Muslims -- who make up about 60 percent of the 28 million who populate the country -- are forbidden from consuming alcohol . Other religious groups are exempt . Though caning is used as a supplementary punishment in Malaysia for at least 40 crimes , such as rape or immigration violations , it is not meted out by Malaysia 's civil court for alcohol consumption . But the country 's civil system also can not overrule a sharia court sentence . In this respect , Kartika would have been the first woman to be caned for violating the country 's religious laws . "  Regardless of whether or not such penalties fall under Syariah law or civil law , we believe that these should be repealed , as they go against the fundamental human right to be free from torture and violence , " said Haslinah Yaacob , vice president for the All Women 's Action Society . CNN 's Anna Coren in Sungi Siput , Malaysia , contributed to this report .	NEW : Kartika Shukarno , a model , has sentence delayed until end of Ramadan Kartika was set to be first woman to be caned in Malaysia for drinking in public She pleaded guilty , paid a fine , and wanted her caning to be carried out in public Islamic law dictates caning Muslims seen drinking alcohol ; case caused uproar
CNN  -- "  Gosh , I wan na be that guy again , " Jeff Baxter would think when he remembered how it felt to be in shape . The 66-year-old teacher was n't exactly accustomed to the extra pounds he was carrying around . He had been a marathoner before what he calls "  bad teacher habits " crept into his life . As a high school teacher in Kansas City , Kansas , he often skipped breakfast and lunch because of his schedule . Then he would consume between 5,000 and 6,000 calories after 6 p.m. each night . "  I would come home ravenous , " he said . "  I could eat a large can of peanuts and whole bag of licorice in one fell swoop . " He began to gain weight in his 40s , and the pounds piled on for the next 15 years . By the age of 62 , Baxter was at his heaviest weight of 465 pounds . At 6-foot-4 , his body mass index was 56.6 .  Anything over 30 is considered obese . "  I had a 25-inch neck , a 66-inch waist , " he told CNN affiliate WIBW . "  I could n't shop at normal stores . " The breaking point While visiting his daughter and new grandson in North Carolina during the summer of 2010 , Baxter experienced a wake-up call . His family was walking up a small hill on the way to a community pool . Baxter took one look at the incline and knew he could n't make it . He watched his family disappear into the distance . "  I did n't cry , but I had tears in my eyes , " he admits . That 's when he decided , "  This is not going to be my life with my grandchildren . " Baxter knew he needed to make a serious change , but after several previous failed attempts at dieting he needed a lasting solution . So Baxter and his wife , Connie , began looking into weight-loss options . After a few months and several consultations , they decided on gastric sleeve surgery -- a restrictive operation that makes the stomach smaller . Baxter was hesitant . He feared he would only gain the weight back . But his daughter encouraged him to see the surgery as a tool , rather than an overnight solution . He had the procedure in January 2011 . For two weeks before and after his surgery , he was on a clear liquid diet , which he says washed bad food cravings out of his system . Then he slowly began adding healthy foods into his diet . He added one new food per day , adhering to a schedule from his dietitian . Today , he typically eats oatmeal for breakfast , a turkey wrap for lunch and lean meats with vegetables for dinner . Combining smarter eating habits with regular exercise , Baxter lost 70 pounds in the first six months after his surgery . He walked every other day at first , and now he alternates between walking and running . "  When my children saw me for the first time , their jaws dropped , " Baxter said . Teacher of the Year The shock was even greater when he returned to school the following semester . "  My students were wowed , " he said . Many of his students even joined him during his Sunday afternoon walks . "  We became each other 's cheerleaders . " The support he received from his class and family perpetuated his momentum . By the spring of 2013 , Baxter had lost an awe-inspiring 270 pounds . These days , he 's proud to say he weighs around 180 pounds . "  I wake up in the morning and I think to myself , ` There is no way I am going to fit in those pants , ' " he says . Yet he takes the more pride in the energy he 's gained than in the way he looks . "  It has resurrected my teaching career , " he said . "  He 's always been a great teacher , " his wife , Connie , agrees . "  I just think he has more energy to do more with his talent . " Just three years after he was strongly considering retiring , Baxter 's newfound zest for both life and teaching made him the 2014 Kansas Teacher of the Year . Now retirement is n't in his plans at all . "  I have a surge of joy for what I 'm doing , " he says . "  I 'm up every day at 4:30 a.m. "	High school teacher Jeff Baxter was 465 pounds at his heaviest He underwent gastric sleeve surgery and lost more than 270 pounds Baxter 's newfound energy helped him win Kansas ' Teacher of the Year in 2014
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Four thousand women are running for office in Iraq 's provincial elections Saturday , and many of them will be guaranteed seats under an electoral quota system . Iraqi women show off their ink-stained fingers after voting Saturday in Baghdad . Regardless of the votes their candidates receive , parties are required to give every third seat to a woman , according to a report this week from the International Crisis Group . The ultimate share of seats held by women will depend on the distribution of votes among parties , the report said . Some women candidates say these elections -- only the second provincial elections since the fall of Saddam Hussein -- are a chance to improve their standing in Iraqi society . Nibras al-Mamuri is a secular female candidate who argues that fundamentalists have taken over the country . She says it was the 2005 elections that brought them into power and tarnished Islam 's image in Iraq . Al-Mamuri , who is running for the Baghdad provincial council , says it 's time for a change . Watch how women are trying to bring change to Iraq " "  Although a woman 's role in the Arab world is mainly that of a mother and child bearer , " she said , "  I want to prove that women are just as capable as men when it comes to challenging arenas . " At first , al-Mamuri said , she thought just participating in the elections as a woman was enough . But now , she says she is running to win in order to defy men who believe a woman 's place is in the home . "  I 've entered a battlefield where women have to prove they are competent , " she said . "  I have to forget about fear . " In recent years , Iraqi women have been targeted by extremists for a variety of reasons -- from not covering their hair to entering the political arena . Under Hussein , Iraq was one of the more secular Arab countries , but the 2003 U.S. invasion unleashed extremist militias . Now , many activists say women have been forced back to the Dark Ages , forced to be submissive , anonymous and fully veiled . Al-Mamuri said she believes Saturday 's vote can help women improve their position in society . "  An Iraqi woman can be an equal . She can participate in change , " she told CNN . The image of a woman posing a public and direct challenge to fundamentalists and their beliefs was not seen in the 2005 vote . "  Iraqi women form the core of society , " said Rissala Khalid , another female candidate in Baghdad . Passing out her campaign card , Khalid told young women that she will fight for their rights , and told young men that she will try to provide jobs for Iraq 's largely unemployed youth . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Female candidates seek to change women 's status in Iraqi society Many will be guaranteed seats under electoral quota system Candidate says she 's running to challenge fundamentalist beliefs about women
CNN  -- A Libyan military aircraft crashed Wednesday southwest of Benghazi after the crew refused to follow orders to bomb the city , Libya 's Quryna newspaper reported . The pilot and co-pilot parachuted out of the craft , and the plane crashed in an uninhabited area , the paper said . The Russian-made Sukhoi-22 aircraft crashed west of the city of Ijdabiya , 160 km  100 miles  southwest of Benghazi , Quryna reported , citing military sources . When the protests began , Quryna reported regime propaganda . But it later switched , reporting on the protests and casualty figures . CNN could not immediately confirm reports for many areas in Libya . The Libyan government maintains tight control on communications and has not responded to repeated requests from CNN for access to the country .	Pilot and co-pilot eject before the crash , newspaper reports The aircraft crashed 100 miles outside Benghazi , newspaper reports
CNN  -- Federal officials are investigating how firecrackers got into a Southwest Airlines plane scheduled to leave Las Vegas on Tuesday . Southwest Airlines Flight 2408 was leaving Las Vegas McCarran International Airport and was headed to Kansas City , Missouri . The flight was delayed for an hour when a flight attendant found a plastic bag with firecrackers underneath a seat , said Ashley Dillon , an airline spokeswoman . Passengers deplaned . After an inspection that included re-screening luggage , the Transportation Security Administration declared the plane safe and allowed passengers to re-board . It landed safely in Kansas City an hour behind schedule , the spokeswoman said . None of the passengers claimed the plastic bag , but the TSA said it is investigating how the prohibited items got onto the aircraft .	The Southwest Airlines flight was leaving Las Vegas for Kansas City , Missouri After an inspection that included re-screening luggage , it was declared safe
Tokyo  CNN  -- They share the same rotund facial features , similar expressions and gait . But the two sons of Kim Jong Il have never met , and based on a new book being published in Japan this week , there appears to be little fraternal allegiance , at least from the eldest son 's side . Kim Jong Nam , the eldest son , is the half-brother of Kim Jong Un , the new leader of North Korea . Kim Jong Nam believes his youngest brother will fail as the "  supreme leader " of the reclusive state , according to the book 's author , Yoji Gomi . "  He 's not comfortable that his younger brother is succeeding the power of Kim Jong Il , " says Gomi , the author of "  My Father , Kim Jong Il , and Me , " which will hit bookshelves in Tokyo on Wednesday . "  He  Kim Jong Nam  sees his brother failing . He thinks he  Kim Jong Un  has a lack of experience , he 's too young , and he did n't have enough time to be groomed . Those three reasons are why he thinks he 'll fail . " Kim Jong Nam is the most public of Kim Jong Il 's sons , known primarily for his blunders and semi-exile from North Korea . An overweight and careless playboy , Kim Jong Nam enraged his father more than a decade ago when he was arrested slipping into Japan with forged documents -- simply to visit Disneyland . Kim Jong Nam lives in China and Macau and has occasionally popped up in the Japanese news media . It was during one of those appearances in front of Japanese reporters -- in Beijing , during 2004 -- that Gomi , a reporter for the Tokyo Shimbun , first met Kim Jong Nam . They exchanged email addresses and began an occasional correspondence . In the past few years , Gomi said they had begun to write more , exchanging 150 emails . Last year , Kim Jong Nam agreed to meet with Gomi in Macau and Beijing for interviews . What surprised Gomi the most , he said , is that the eldest of Kim Jong Il 's sons was very smart and knowledgeable about the world -- and open-minded , especially about economic reforms . "  He spoke out against his father 's ` military first ' policy , " says Gomi , countering widely held notions that the Disneyland debacle caused Kim Jong Nam to fall out of favor with his father . "  He wants North Korea to embrace economic reform and open its doors . " Kim Jong Nam painted a picture of a father who was strict but was often warm-hearted to his eldest son , Gomi said , especially on special occasions . "  Kim Jong Il called his son on his birthday , " Gomi said . Kim Jong Nam says the half-brothers were kept apart , following an ancient history of raising potential successors separately . He says his father refused to discuss the succession of power for many years because it signaled his own death , according to Gomi -- only after his illness accelerated did the succession begin . Both sons were educated in Switzerland , leaving Kim Jong Nam convinced that his country needed to embrace economic reforms . Kim Jong Nam believes his brother wo n't have the power to push through reforms , Gomi said . "  He 's afraid the youngest son has no idea , no vision about economic reform , " he said . Professor Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University says Kim Jong Nam has been fairly public in the past , keeping his distance from the regime 's inner circle . Lankov says he believes the latest comments are the reaction of a normal , intelligent human being who has a good understanding of the situation in North Korea . "  I would say maybe this smart , overweight playboy from Macau has the highest chances of physical survival of all the Kim Jong Il children , " says Lankov . "  In the long run , the history of the North Korean state is going to end badly . We might see a coup , a revolution , a conspiracy , because in the very long run the system is not sustainable , " Lankov said . "  He  Kim Jong Nam  is away , he is secure . It is quite possible that many of his siblings will die a violent death sooner or later , and he is likely to live until an old age , writing memoirs , explaining to everybody how misunderstood his family was . "	Kim Jong Nam , the eldest son , is the half-brother of Kim Jong Un , the new leader of North Korea Kim Jong Nam is the most public of Kim Jong Il 's sons He painted a picture of a father who was strict but was often warm-hearted , journalist says
CNN  -- Dramatic bloodshed Saturday in Iraq left 64 people killed and 190 wounded , two Interior Ministry officials told CNN . A wave of bombings came amid Eid festivities marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan . It followed a July that was the bloodiest in five years , when violence between Sunnis and Shiites -- both Muslim sects -- spun out of control . In a press release Saturday , the State Department said the attacks "  bear the hallmarks of suicide and vehicle attacks in Iraq over the past ninety days " and said most of those attacks were committed by al Qaeda in Iraq , which is led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . "  The United States has offered a $ 10 million reward for information that helps authorities kill or capture Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , " the State Department said , referring to a reward that the U.S. embassy in Baghdad says has existed since 2011 . "  This reward is second only to information leading to Ayman al-Zawahiri , the chief of Al Qaeda 's network , and symbolizes our ongoing commitment to helping our partners in the region eliminate this threat from their territory . " The Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq , claimed responsibility for Saturday 's attacks on Sunday . The statement , published on an al Qaeda website , said the attacks were in response to recent security force operations . "  The Islamic State mobilized part of its security effort in Baghdad , the southern states and others to deliver a quick message of deterrence on the third day of Eid al-Fitr to the animals of Rawafdh ` Shiite ' and their government , " the statement said . Saturday 's death toll included reports by Baghdad police that at least 22 people were killed and more than 40 others wounded after eight car bombs exploded in Shiite neighborhoods . In Tuz Khurmatou , about 180 kilometers , or 112 miles , north of Baghdad , at least eight people were killed and more than 40 others were wounded when a suicide car bomber exploded on a commercial corridor . Tuz Khurmatou is an ethnically mixed city of Arab , Kurd and Turkmen residents . In Mosul , at least eight people were killed and 12 others were wounded in two separate explosions in the city . Mosul is a largely Sunni city about 400 kilometers , or 248 miles , north of Baghdad . In Nasiriya , a car bomb exploded on a busy road , killing four people and wounding 12 . Nasiriya is located in the heavily Shiite region of southern Iraq and is about 400 kilometers outside of Baghdad . In Karbala , about 100 kilometers , or 62 miles , south of Baghdad , a car bomb exploded near a bus station , killing two people and wounding 15 others . Karbala is a Shiite city . The bloodshed appears to mark a new round of violence to hit Iraq in recent months , much of it stemming from decades-old discord between the nation 's Sunnis and Shiites , the two largest branches of Islam . Sunnis have felt politically marginalized under a Shiite-led government since the ouster of longtime leader Saddam Hussein in a 2003 U.S.-led invasion . The enmity is further deepened by the fact Saddam 's Baathist regime was composed mostly of Sunnis during more than two decades of dictatorship and was violently repressive against Shiites . July was the deadliest month in Iraq since the peak of sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 . According to figures released by the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq , 1,057 Iraqis were killed and another 2,326 were wounded in acts of terrorism and violence last month .	NEW : The $ 10 million reward has been in place since 2011 , U.S. Embassy says Death toll grows quickly as explosions erupt throughout Iraq Celebrations marked end of Ramadan July was deadliest in Iraq since the peak of Sunni-Shiite violence in 2006 and 2007
CNN  -- Robert De Niro says it was his "  responsibility " to make a documentary about his father , artist Robert De Niro Sr. , he told Out magazine in an interview . De Niro 's father was a gay man who divorced De Niro 's mother when the actor was a child . The elder De Niro is the subject of a new documentary , "  Remembering the Artist : Robert De Niro , Sr. , " which premieres on HBO June 9 .  HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . In a chat with Out , De Niro says that though he and his father were n't close -- he grew up with his mother -- the senior De Niro had a profound influence on his actor son . De Niro wants to pay tribute in the documentary , partly for the sake of his own children . "  We were not the type of father and son who played baseball together , as you can surmise . But we had a connection , " he said . "  I was n't with him a lot , because my mother and he were separated and divorced . ... But my father was n't a bad father , or absent . He was absent in some ways . He was very loving . He adored me ... as I do my kids . " De Niro Sr. was an abstract expressionist painter who was part of an art community that also produced Jackson Pollock , Willem De Kooning and Mark Rothko . As his son notes , when De Niro Sr. had his studio in downtown Manhattan , an area now full of multimillion-dollar apartments , the area was "  Siberia . " De Niro Sr. died in 1993 and his son has maintained his studio in New York 's SoHo neighborhood ever since . "  This space is here , and in 20 years , people wo n't know what a real space like this will be unless it was in a museum and they recreated it , " he said . He had the contents catalogued and has kept them intact . He says he was only dimly aware of his father 's sexuality growing up . "  I was not aware , much , of it . I wish we had spoken about it much more . My mother did n't want to talk about things in general , and you 're not interested when you 're a certain age , " he said . But both his father and mother gave him the drive to succeed , he added . "  When I was young , I was n't afraid of being told ` No , ' " he said . "  I tell my kids , I tell everyone , ` If you do n't go , you never know . ' I did n't take it as rejection . Certain things are stacked against you . You 're coming out of nowhere , starting out  $ " that 's part of the excitement of it in a way , too . " In the film , De Niro also reads from his father 's diaries , which he 's still working through , he said . He may share more of them publicly -- "  That 's part of his legacy , too , " he said -- though he wants to talk to others first . But the important thing , he said , is getting the whole story out . "  You ca n't hide anything . That 's the whole point -- the truth . That 's what people are attracted to , " the actor said . "  I should have done this 10 years earlier , but I 'm glad I did it now . " Same-sex parents , a proud secret Tell us what makes your family unique . Share stories and photos of your modern family with CNN iReport	Robert De Niro has produced a new documentary about his father , an artist Robert De Niro Sr. was gay and private about his sexuality De Niro honors his father broadly , shows off his studio , reads from his diaries "  You ca n't hide anything , " says the actor
CNN  -- At least two people have been killed and 300 others injured in riots that erupted across Algeria amid rising food prices and a housing crisis , state-run media said Saturday . The protests began earlier in the week over spiraling costs of basic food items , including milk , oil and sugar . Some staples are subsidized by the government . Trade Minister Mustapha Benbada said food prices were on the agenda for a Saturday meeting between lawmakers , state-run Algerie Press Service reported . "  I think we are beginning to contain this crisis and we want to find a solution early next week , " Benbada said in a statement . Similar protests , some violent , have erupted in neighboring Tunisia , where at least four people have died . Human rights groups have said the Tunisian government has cracked down on demonstrators with force . Reporters Without Borders condemned the arrests and disappearances of bloggers and online activists across a number of Tunisian cities . The worldwide press freedom organization said police arrested the bloggers to question them about hacking into government websites . One of those arrested was Hamadi Kaloutcha , who who has not been heard from since his arrest at 6 a.m. Friday , the group said . U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Washington was monitoring the situation in both countries . The Tunisian ambassador was summoned to the State Department . "  We are concerned about demonstrations that have occurred over the past few days in Tunisia , " Crowley said . "  They appear to us to be the result of ongoing social and economic unrest . We , obviously , want to see restraint on all sides . "  The people of Tunisia have the right to exercise free -- public assembly . " he said . "  And we have conveyed our views directly to the Tunisian Government . " He said the United States was also concerned about the reports of cyber intrusion and was urging everyone -- from the government to activists -- to respect freedom of expression . Crowley said it was "  difficult " to say whether the protests in Tunisia were related to those in Algeria . "  We 're not going to say that there 's kind of an overlapping dynamic across the two countries , " he said . "  But we continue to review this and both engage the government in Algeria and as well as look after the safety of our own citizens . " A national soccer league in Algeria has canceled matches scheduled for Friday and Saturday after riots in the capital and elsewhere this week . The matches were canceled in an effort to prevent large groups of young people from gathering , a local newspaper , Al Watan , reported . The protesters have been mostly young men who have broken into buildings and burned tires on the streets . Adding fuel to the protesters ' anger are the high rates of unemployment and housing issues , socio-economic problems that have been festering for some time . The government has blamed the rising prices and other issues on the global economic crisis .	The protests erupted earlier in the week amid rising food prices Similar protests have taken place in neighboring Tunisia Washington is closely monitoring the situation
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI attained "  actionable intelligence " from bombing suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab in the first hours after his arrest on Christmas Day , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . "  AbdulMutallab spent a number of hours with FBI investigators in which we gleaned useable , actionable intelligence , " Gibbs told reporters . According to authorities , Nigerian-born AbdulMutallab tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as a flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , made its final approach to Detroit , Michigan , December 25 . The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at the man 's seat . Gibbs declined to elaborate on the nature of the intelligence . AbdulMutallab , 23 , has been tied to the Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . In a statement to reporters after meeting with his national security team , President Obama said U.S. officials had enough information in their possession before the failed bombing attack to have prevented the suspect from getting on the plane , but had been unable to "  connect the dots . " Obama said he could accept the imperfect nature of intelligence work , "  but it is increasingly clear that intelligence was not fully analyzed or fully leveraged , " he said , adding : "  That 's not acceptable , and I will not tolerate it . " "  Time and again we 've learned that quickly piecing together information and taking swift action is critical to staying one step ahead of a nimble adversary , " Obama said . "  So we have to do better , and we will do better , and we have to do it quickly . American lives are on the line . " In one step , senior State Department officials told CNN on Tuesday that new criteria for information collected on possible terrorists would make it easier to ban them from U.S.-bound flights . Speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the material , the officials said the United States has lowered the threshold for information considered important enough to put suspicious individuals on a no-fly list or revoke their visas . If the new criteria had been in place before Christmas , AbdulMutallab would have been added to the no-fly list , the officials said . AbdulMutallab is being held at the Federal Correctional Institution in Milan , Michigan , where he 's still being treated for the burn injuries he received in the failed bombing . He faces charges of attempting to destroy an aircraft , and will face his first court hearings Friday . The suspect apparently arrived in Amsterdam already carrying the explosives he planned to use , Dutch prosecutors said Tuesday . "  The suspect traveled through Ghana before he arrived via Lagos -LSB- Nigeria -RSB- at Schiphol , " prosecutors said , referring to the airport where AbdulMutallab boarded the flight to Detroit . "  So far , it seems he already had the explosives with him before he landed at Schiphol . " Also Tuesday , British officials announced that London 's Heathrow Airport will introduce more body scanners within weeks , and that all British airports must have equipment to detect explosives by the end of the year . British Home Secretary Alan Johnson said the British government had no evidence AbdulMutallab had been planning an attack . Johnson added that British authorities were directing airports to carry out more random searches of passengers because metal detectors can not spot explosives without metal parts . Last week , Obama blamed human error and security lapses for the failure by officials to act on information that AbdulMutallab was a possible terrorist threat . He had a valid multiple-entry U.S. visa . His father , a leading banker in Nigeria , had warned U.S. authorities before the attack that his son might be involved with Islamic extremists , but the information failed to prompt a response such as canceling the visa . Tuesday 's White House meetings were held just hours after the United States reopened its embassy in Yemen . It 's believed that AbdulMutallab may have received training in Yemen from the group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The United States ' decision to close the embassy came after intelligence suggested that four al Qaeda operatives could have been planning an attack on the compound , a senior administration official said Monday . A statement posted on the Embassy 's Web site said "  successful counter-terrorism operations " conducted by Yemeni security forces Monday north of the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , addressed "  a specific area of concern and have contributed to the Embassy 's decision to resume operations . " Yemen 's state-run news agency , SABA , reported Monday that two al Qaeda suspects were killed and two others were injured in clashes with a Yemeni anti-terrorism unit . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Suzanne Malveaux in Washington , Per Nyberg in London , England , and Christian Purefoy in Lagos , Nigeria , contributed to this report .	White House press secretary : Suspect gave FBI "  actionable intelligence " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab has been linked with al Qaeda group Dutch authorities : Suspect apparently arrived already carrying explosives British officials : Heathrow to introduce more body scanners within weeks
Indians expressed outrage Tuesday at a top telecommunication official 's push to get social media sites to screen content considered defamatory to religious and political leaders . Telecommunications Minister Kapil Sibal told reporters Tuesday that he is asking Facebook , Twitter and other online sites to regulate content before it is published . Sibal insisted such regulation would not amount to censorship , but Indian bloggers and online users posted a different view . #IdiotKapilSibal was trending on Twitter Tuesday . And blogger Shivam Vij urged Indians to use the hashtag and post it on their Facebook pages "  because there may soon be a day when he may prevent you from doing so . " Sibal said he first approached providers including Facebook , Twitter and Google several weeks ago . The New York Times reported that Sibal showed the service providers a Facebook page that maligned Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi and said it was "  unacceptable . " But he said that in a meeting Monday , those companies informed him they could not do what he was asking . "  They pretty much said they can not do anything , " he said , adding that material that is incendiary or blasphemous has no place in India , where sensitivities differ from those in the West . Sites like Facebook already have built-in mechanisms to flag and filter defined categories of objectionable content . In a statement sent to CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , Facebook said : "  We want Facebook to be a place where people can discuss things freely , while respecting the rights and feelings of others , which is why we already have policies and on-site features in place that enable people to report abusive content . We will remove any content that violates our terms , which are designed to keep material that is hateful , threatening , incites violence or contains nudity off the service . We recognize the government 's interest in minimizing the amount of abusive content that is available online and will continue to engage with the Indian authorities as they debate this important issue . " Sibal 's proposal is "  extremely worrying , " but the idea is not new one in India , said Nikhil Pahwa , editor of MediaNama , a firm that analyzes digital media . Information technology rules issued earlier this year allow officials to demand the removal of objectionable content . The difference with what Sibal is proposing now , Pahwa said , is that service providers would have to censor content before it is even published . "  Absolutely , it 's censorship of free speech , " Pahwa said . "  The fear I have is that this is the beginning of something bigger . " There are no exact numbers , but it 's estimated that as many as 100 million Indians are online . And that number is rapidly growing in a nation of 1.2 billion people . Sites like Facebook and Twitter have gained popularity through their use on mobile phones . Pahwa said he suspects the Indian government got spooked by the use of social media this year to galvanize popular uprisings in the Middle East , riots in the United Kingdom and the anti-corruption movement at home . The Indian government , Pahwa said , is arming itself with the tools to stave off mass anti-government demonstrations . Even more troubling is if the government tries to stifle political opposition by censoring online content , Pahwa said . Increasingly , Indian political groups are using the Internet to generate support . "  What I am worried about is the arbitrary decision taken to go down this path , " he said . "  What is the government trying to hide ? Why this cloak-and-dagger approach ? " Meanwhile , Tuesday evening , Twitter was still buzzing in the world 's largest democracy . Wrote r2the : "  Just ridiculous . What 's next ? They prevent thoughts from ever developing in our brains ? "	India 's top telecommunications official wants service providers to screen comments Many Indians are outraged by the proposal , calling it censorship An analyst says the government may have been spooked by social-media generated protests The analyst calls the proposal "  extremely worrying "
CNN  -- A Florida teenager whose videotaped beating in Jerusalem was widely decried was to return home late Wednesday , his body still healing from the pummeling he received at the hands of Israeli police . Tariq Abu Khdeir , 15 , was expected to arrive in Tampa on Wednesday night after completing his house arrest in Jerusalem , said Hassan Shibly , executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Florida . Khdeir , whose face was unrecognizable after the vicious beating on July 3 , still suffers from headaches and bloodshot eyes , Shibly said . "  Hopefully , he 's improved some , " Shibly said . "  We 're already in touch with a lot of doctors who are ready to examine him and help him move forward . " A high school sophomore in Tampa , Khdeir was visiting his Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem for the first time in over a decade when he was attacked and detained , family members told CNN after the assault . Amateur video showed Israeli police officers holding down , punching and kicking Khdeir . Khdeir , born in Baltimore , was outside the home of his cousin , who was kidnapped and killed on July 2 in an incident that further stoked tensions between Palestinians and Israelis . Tensions were already high after three Israeli teens were found dead in the West Bank . Shibly said that he did not know the outcome of the Israeli police case against Khdeir but that his house arrest had ended Monday . "  They 're very , very excited to be coming back home and letting the healing process begin and getting him ready to get back to school in a few weeks , " Shibly said of Khdeir 's family . Last week , Israeli authorities said they had suspended a police officer accused of beating Khdeir . The Israeli Department for the Investigation of Police said Thursday that after an investigation into the incident , it had found evidence to suspect that one of the officers committed "  serious violent offenses " while Khdeir was handcuffed . The department 's director is considering criminal charges against the officer , who is in a special undercover unit , and he has been summoned for a hearing , the agency said in a statement . The officer 's suspension is for 15 days . But the department also said Khdeir was identified by police as wearing a mask , carrying a slingshot and taking an active part in the unrest in Shuafat . Khdeir and his family have denied he did anything wrong . "  I was attacked by police . I woke up in the hospital , " he said as he walked out of court in Jerusalem recently , sporting two black eyes and a swollen lip . "  I just saw somebody running at me , so I tried to run away , " he told reporters . His mother has said the family intends to sue Israeli authorities over the matter . "  What happened is very telling of Israel 's culture and tolerance for violence against Palestinians under authority , " Shibly said . "  If only one  police officer  is prosecuted , clearly it says that there 's a level of acceptability in Israeli military and police culture towards violence against Palestinians . " He added , "  The main thing is just getting him back home so he can start recovering and getting him back to school and hopefully seeing all the officers involved in the vicious beating are brought to justice so that they can not harm any other child like that again . "	Tariq Abu Khdeir , 15 , was expected to arrive in Tampa on Wednesday night His videotaped beating , at the hands of Israeli police , sparked outrage and inflamed tensions A high school sophomore in Tampa , Khdeir was visiting Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem
London  CNN  -- Julian Assange , the editor of WikiLeaks , walked out of London 's High Court after being freed on bail Thursday , nine days after he was arrested for questioning about alleged sex crimes in Sweden . His time in solitary confinement prompted him "  to reflect on the condition of those people around the world also in solitary confinement ... in positions that are more difficult than those faced by me . Those people ... also need your attention and support , " he said . Assange thanked the public , the media , his lawyers , and the British justice system , saying , "  If justice is not always an outcome , at least it is not dead yet . " Assange , 39 , handed himself over to police in London last week . He was sought because Swedish prosecutors want to question him about sex charges unrelated to WikiLeaks . A judge granted him bail on Tuesday , but lawyers representing Sweden immediately filed an appeal , keeping Assange behind bars until the High Court judge decided on the Swedish appeal . Assange won the appeal Thursday . Assange 's mother , Christine , said after the ruling that she could "  not wait " to see him "  and to hold him close . " "  I had faith that the British justice system would do the right thing ... and that faith has been confirmed , " she said outside the court . Assange must stay at the mansion of a supporter outside London , report to the police daily , wear an electronic tag to monitor his location , and put up 200,000 pounds  about $ 310,000  in bail money , plus two 20,000-pound sureties  about $ 31,000 each  , the judge ruled . Judge Duncan Ouseley said he did not regard Assange as a fugitive and there was no concrete evidence to believe he would abscond . Assange "  clearly has some desire to clear his name , " the judge said , adding that if he failed to appear in court , the "  charges would always be hanging over his head . " Assange has the potential to flee , Ouseley found , but said if he did so , it would "  diminish him in the eyes of his supporters . " Lawyers representing Swedish prosecutors had argued that no bail conditions would be satisfactory , prompting Assange 's lawyer , Geoffrey Robertson , to suggest derisively that they saw him as "  some sort of Houdini character . " Granting bail "  does not signify any change in the ongoing investigation , " Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny said in a statement after the ruling , adding that extradition proceedings are in the hands of the British authorities , not the Swedes . Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service , which represented Swedish authorities in the fight over bail , said Thursday that Ny "  fully supported " their decision to appeal Tuesday against granting Assange bail . Vaughn Smith , who offered his mansion to satisfy court requirements that Assange have a permanent address , said the editor would be able to continue his WikiLeaks work from there . He noted that the court had ordered Sweden to pay the cost of the appeal , "  which to me suggests they should n't have appealed . " And he said the judge was very clear that Assange is not a fugitive . "  We 're not harboring him , we 're just giving him a bed , " Smith said . Smith will keep Assange "  if not under house arrest , at least under mansion arrest , " Robertson said at Tuesday 's bail hearing . After his arrival at Smith 's Ellingham Hall in Suffolk , Assange told reporters that his "  highest task " was to continue his work with WikiLeaks . "  Obviously , clearing my name is also important , and I will continue to do that , my legal team will continue to do that , " he said . "  We will press the Swedish government to provide us with evidence of the allegations , something that has been denied to date . I have yet to receive a single page of anything ever from this investigation . " He said his arrest "  confirmed to me personally that we are on the right path and has given me enough anger about the situation to last me 100 years . " "  Obviously there have been serious attempts to take down the content by taking us down as an organization and taking me down as an individual , " he said . Cheers of "  Julian , Julian , Julian , out , out , out ! " and "  Exposing war crimes is no crime ! " went up from his supporters outside the High Court after the decision was announced Thursday . Prominent left-wing journalist John Pilger , an Assange backer , called the ruling "  very good news but it should have happened a long time ago . This hearing was a waste of taxpayers ' money . " And he warned about "  the specter of Assange being extradited to the United States , where he could end up in a maximum security prison . " Stephens told journalists as he entered court Thursday that a number of people have offered to help pay Assange 's bail , and that the money is "  in the banking system . " Socialite Jemima Khan and Pilger have previously offered money for his bail . Assange is facing accusations of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force stemming from separate incidents in August in Stockholm . He has not been charged , but he could face two years in prison if convicted . His lawyers deny the allegations and have vowed to fight any attempts at extradition . The next hearing in the extradition case is scheduled for January 11 . Last week , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he had authorized "  significant " actions related to a criminal investigation into WikiLeaks ' publication of thousands of confidential diplomatic cables , but has declined to elaborate . Only a small fraction of the 250,000 U.S. State Department documents WikiLeaks says it has have been released , and more are being published daily . U.S. authorities and other Western leaders say the documents ' publication threatens lives and national security . WikiLeaks and its supporters say the public has a right to know what goes on behind diplomatic doors . Earlier this year , WikiLeaks posted thousands of documents related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's Atika Shubert , Peter Wilkinson , Jonathan Wald , Per Nyberg and Lianne Turner contributed to this report .	NEW : Assange says he has "  enough anger about the situation to last me 100 years " Being in solitary confinement made Assange think of other prisoners , he says Freeing Assange on bail will not affect the Swedish investigation , authorities there say Assange is wanted for questioning in Sweden over alleged sex crimes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- If you 've ever wondered how much money charities spend mailing you those glossy brochures and free address labels along with their request for a donation , the answer might surprise you . CNN has found that this type of direct-mail marketing cost two veterans charities tens of millions of dollars . Los Angeles-based National Veterans Foundation raised more than $ 22 million in donations over the past three years to help veterans , yet spent approximately $ 18.2 million paying its direct mail fund-raisers , according to IRS 990 forms . For nearly a year , the charity has been trying -- without success -- to get out of its contract with Brickmill Marketing and its parent company , Quadriga Art , according to NVF 's Rich Rudnick . "  We were told for two years it would be very expensive , then we 'd be going into the black , " Rudnick told CNN . "  That never happened . " Quadriga Art is one of the world 's largest direct-mail providers to charities and non-profits . Quadriga Art is the same fund-raiser hired by the Washington , D.C.-based Disabled Veterans National Foundation , which collected nearly $ 56 million in donations over the past three years , yet paid Quadriga Art more than $ 60 million in fees , according to a CNN investigation into the charity 's tax records . Quadriga Art confirmed that its relationship with NVF is ending because "  fund-raising efforts did not prove as financially viable as the client had hoped , " a spokesman wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Quadriga Art says although it increased the charity 's donor base by more than 700,000 people , the direct-mail provider recommended phasing out the program last August based on its performance . And despite Brickmill and Quadriga Art being paid more than $ 18 million by NVF , Quadriga Art says it actually lost money . Meanwhile , DVNF still has a business relationship with Quadriga through 2013 . The independent group CharityWatch gave both charities an "  F " grade because of the miniscule amount of money they spend on actually helping veterans . "  It 's as if you 're looking at these ratios through a fun house mirror , " Daniel Borochoff , CharityWatch president , told CNN . "  It really ought to be reversed , it ought to be flipped , they ought to be giving 80 or 90 percent to helping veterans , not only 12 percent . It 's really pathetic . " Beyond its finances , the other services that the National Veterans Foundation offers to veterans are also questionable . On its website , it says one of its principal benefits to veterans is a toll-free hotline , but the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs in Washington operates several similar toll-free hotlines for veterans seeking a variety of services . In a statement , the charity said that it has been in business 27 years and that it serves thousands of veterans each year through its toll-free hotline . CNN attempted to visit the National Veterans Foundation office near the Los Angeles International Airport , but staffers said that they would not speak on camera , refused to allow CNN inside , and declined CNN 's request to photograph the call center that the charity says it operates there . CNN 's recent investigation into the Disabled Veterans National Foundation found that the charity was doling out massive amounts of candy , hand sanitizer bottles and many other unnecessary items to veteran aid groups , surplus items it had obtained for free . It also claimed in its tax filings more than $ 838,000 in fair market value donations to one charity , although the bill of lading obtained by CNN showed that the donations -- which included chef 's coats and aprons -- was valued at around $ 234,000 . DVNF vice president Valerie Conley stressed that "  not all the funds " raised by the foundation go to fund-raising . "  The cost of fund-raising is high , as you know , and it has been for many veteran service organizations who use this kind of direct paying approach , " she said . But CharityWatch 's Borochoff says these charities are wasting public donations , and the only ones benefiting are the marketing firms . "  We really have to ask why is this going on , what 's the point ? " he said in an interview with CNN . "  This really should be called the ` National Enrich Fund-raising Foundation ' rather than the National Veterans Foundation because ... the amount of help that the veterans receive is so small . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Tax records show two veterans charities spent more than $ 78 million on direct mail marketing One of the charities is trying to end its relationship with the marketing company CharityWatch gave both charities an "  F " for spending only 12 % on helping veterans "  Who 's benefiting here other than the fund-raising company ? " asks CharityWatch
CNN  -- The most compelling action during Michigan 's primary Tuesday will be on the Republican side . The Democratic Party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early , and top-tier Democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot , except for Sen. Hillary Clinton . The struggling auto industry has been a drag on Michigan 's economy . In many ways , the Republican battle for Michigan will be similar to last week 's New Hampshire contest . The primary is open , and any registered voter -- including independents and Democrats -- can participate . Sen. John McCain won New Hampshire with the help of independent voters , and he is campaigning hard to re-create that success in Michigan . In 2000 , McCain defeated then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush in the Michigan primary . In that vote , more than half -- 52 percent -- were either independents or Democrats . Among Republican voters , McCain lost to Bush 29 percent to 66 percent . In that contest , almost three out of every 10 voters identified themselves as members of the religious right . Overall , Michigan is a swing state , producing narrow margins of victory for presidential candidates and statewide officeholders . However , voting trends favor the Democrats . Michigan 's governor , Jennifer Granholm , is a Democrat , as are the state 's two U.S. senators -- Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow . The Democratic presidential nominee has carried Michigan in the last four elections . Sen. John Kerry , the Democrats ' 2004 standard bearer , won Michigan 51 percent to 48 percent over President Bush . The state 's economy is powered by the automotive industry , which has experienced its fair share of struggles . Michigan 's unemployment rate , 7.4 percent , is higher than the national average of 5 percent . Region by region Wayne County , in the southeastern corner of the state , contains the economically depressed Detroit , Michigan 's largest city . Detroit is predominantly black and solidly Democratic . North of Wayne County are the more-affluent suburban counties of Oakland and Macomb , which have grown in population in the last two decades . These two counties have been the state 's central political battleground in recent elections . West of Wayne is the "  university belt , " home to the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and Michigan State University in East Lansing . The area also includes the industrial cities of Saginaw and Flint , where unions remain strong , as well as Jackson and Bay City . The state 's capital , Lansing , and the sparsely populated upper peninsula are also part of this region . The southwest part of the state is dominated by Grand Rapids , Michigan 's second-largest city . Grand Rapids is traditionally Dutch-American and has many Christian conservatives and generally votes Republican . The area also contains smaller industrial cities and farming communities . The economy of the sparsely populated north and northwest is based on agriculture , tourism and timber . It traditionally votes Republican . Endorsements The Detroit Free Press has endorsed McCain . "  While the Free Press differs with McCain on a number of issues , the Arizona senator is a smarter , more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues , " the newspaper said in an editorial . The Detroit News also endorsed McCain , citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs , over Michigan native Mitt Romney . "  Other GOP contenders , most notably former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , are capable figures with impressive resumes and a solid grasp of the issues . But McCain 's longtime presidential ambitions are at last aligned with the needs of the nation , " the newspaper said . E-mail to a friend	Independents , Democrats can vote in Michigan 's open Republican primary No Democratic delegates at stake , and most top-tier candidates are n't on ballot Economic woes top concern for Michigan primary voters
CNN  -- "  The  airline  bar is closed . " More flight attendants should say that to more passengers . This might seem like heresy to the millions of travelers who enjoy free drinks in the upper classes and on international flights , but maybe it 's time airlines consider putting a cap on drinks , or charging passengers for their alcohol after the first drink or two . Recently , Jennifer Lauren , niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren , was allegedly misbehaving on a Delta Air Lines flight after getting "  dangerously drunk " and abusive toward other passengers . It got so bad that the New York bound plane made an unscheduled stop in Ireland to remove her from the flight . She was arrested for endangering other passengers . Let 's not be shocked by this . These days , a month does n't go by that I do n't hear about an intoxicated passenger getting into fights with flight crews or their fellow travelers . The Jennifer Lauren episode is fresh in our memory , but drunks on planes are nothing new . A few years ago , French actor Grard Depardieu made the headlines when he , allegedly drunk , urinated in the aisle during an Air France flight from Paris to Dublin , Ireland . And let 's not forget "  Dracula " star Jonathan Rhys Meyers , who was banned from flying on United Airlines after drinking heavily in the carrier 's first class lounge in a flight from New York to Los Angeles . The crew noticed he had become belligerent and disruptive , so they refused to let him board the flight to L.A. . In an August 2013 report on unruly passengers , the International Air Transport Association , which represents airlines from around the world , noted that "  many " carriers said alcohol was the major contributor to disruptive behavior . "  They observed that passengers , in numerous instances , may have been intoxicated at the time of boarding the aircraft or had access to their own alcohol supply on board . " Similarly , the Toronto-based International Association for Medical Assistance to Travelers said air rage tends to occur in unfamiliar and over-stimulating environments , including airports and airplanes . The rage is fueled by "  overcrowding , delays , lack of information , lack of manners and boorish behavior , as well as arguments with transportation or service personnel . " Furthermore , "  Heightened stress levels , alcohol and drug misuse , as well as smoking prohibitions in many public places , are common factors inciting rage . " Unfortunately , some travelers choose alcohol before and during a flight , and in extreme cases , end up in conflicts with passengers and crew and attempt to open emergency exits and even storm the cockpit . The bottom line is flight crews and passengers need to be more mindful . Flight attendants , like it or not , are the final line of defense when it comes to drunk passengers . They need to be empowered to cut off passengers when a fellow traveler brings up a legitimate complaint or if they see bad behaviors escalating . And in our post-9 / 11 travel world , passengers are much more willing to help flight crews with unruly passengers in case there is n't an air marshal aboard . Those who choose to drink excessively and become abusive not only should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law , but they also need to be sued to recover the costs for any diversion or damages they may cause others during their inebriated state . There are always travelers who will drink , whether it 's free or not . By imposing fees and/or limits on the number of drinks , airlines would not only reduce alcohol consumption , but also make a profit from a common-sense regulation . Maintaining good order during flights is one of the best ways that airlines can serve their customers well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bent J. Wilson .	Bent Wilson : Let 's not be shocked by drunken passengers misbehaving on planes Wilson : Intoxicated passengers who become abusive should be prosecuted She says flight attendants are the last line of defense against inebriated travelers Wilson : Airlines should also impose fees and/or limit on the number of drinks
CNN  -- For years , all Hannah Pool knew was that her biological parents had died shortly after her birth . An Eritrean-born girl adopted as an infant by a British academic , Pool found herself spending her first years in Norway before landing in the UK at the age of seven . At times , she remembers , growing up in the northwest English city of Manchester as a Norwegian-speaking black girl with a white father was a source of confusion for people around her . "  When I was walking down the street holding my dad 's hand , people would sometimes check that he was n't sort of taking me , that he was n't kidnapping me , " says Pool , who today is a writer and journalist in the UK . "  There were lots of incidents like that which actually are just part of my upbringing , part of my DNA almost -- I 'm used to having to explain myself , explain what I 'm doing in the room , explain my relationship , whether it 's with my dad or my brother or my sister , " she adds . But a few years later , Pool 's already unconventional life took an even more astonishing twist . Almost two decades after she left the Eritrean orphanage where she was adopted , Pool received a letter from the east African country informing her that her father was alive and well , living back home with her brothers and sister . The news left the then 19-year-old Pool reeling . "  It was a complete shock , " she recalls . "  And it was n't a creeping thing like ` maybe you have a cousin ' or ` maybe you have an aunt ' -- it was like BAM ! ` you have a father , ' BAM ! ` here are your brothers and here 's your sister , ' " she says . "  My head went into a spin , I did n't know what to do or how I was supposed to respond to this -- was I supposed to get on a plane and go to Eritrea , was I supposed to go back to all the people who I told my story to and tell them ` actually that story is not right , this story is right ' and the whole sense of the story of me was just pulled from beneath me like a rug . " Shocked by the revelation , Pool initially decided to ignore it and continue her university studies in Physiology . But the thought she had a large family living in Eritrea was always with her "  as a kind of an itch . " So about 10 years later Pool felt that she had to get on a plane and travel to her birthplace . Meeting her father and the rest of her family for the first time face-to-face was "  incredibly emotional , " says Pool . At the same time however , it was completely different to what she had expected . "  It was almost like an outer-body experience -- I watched myself go in the room , I was quite detached , I was surprised . " "  The thing that hit me the most was the language and I had n't prepared for that -- I had prepared for this beautiful reunion where everybody looked the same as me and we all kind of connect immediately . "  And it was n't like that and the main barrier at the time was the language . " Pool quickly understood that her European upbringing was marking her as different in her birthplace , in a similar way that her Eritrean background was singling her out in the UK . "  I thought I 'm going to feel at home with everyone and initially that 's how I felt -- I stepped off the plane and thought ` wow , I 'm at home , this is where I belong , ' but I realized very quickly that actually I do stand out from everyone . " Since then , Pool has visited Eritrea three times . She describes her relationship with her family there as a "  work in progress " and has started learning Tigrinya -- the local language -- in order to help her have a "  normal family relationship . " A talented writer , Pool documented her journey to trace her family in a book entitled "  My Father 's Daughter , " a project that took about a year to complete . "  I wrote the book that I wish had been around when I was tracing myself , " she says . "  There are a lot of books about adoption but usually it 's from the point of view of the parents , there 's very little from the point of view of the adoptees ... and I think it 's important to get the debate they 're in from their perspective . " An emotional memoir , Pool says the hardest part was not writing the book but going through the whole experience -- initially , she was afraid of how her fathers would respond to the book but in the end they were both very proud and supportive , she says . "  Both reactions were the best reactions I could possibly hope for , " she says . An extract of the book was also published in Tigrinya in an Eritrean newspaper . "  That was amazing to see , " says Pool . "  To see that my family were able to read an extract of my book on their own language -- that was a really proud moment for me , that was incredibly important for me , and they were really amazing about it . " Today , Pool proudly describes herself as British-Eritrean and says she would love to make the African country her home one day . "  I 'm proud to be Eritrean and that 's something that has come with time , with tracing and knowing where I 'm from . "	Writer Hannah Pool was adopted as an infant from an orphanage in Eritrea and grew up in England At 19 , she found out that her father was alive and well in Eritrea Years later , Pool embarked on a journey to trace her unknown family
Ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is believed to be hiding out near the western town of Ghadamis under the protection of Tuareg fighters , an interim government military spokesman told CNN Tuesday . "  We have reliable information that Gadhafi is protected by the Tuareg tribe located between Niger , Algeria and Ghadamis town in Libya , " said Col. Abdul Basit . He said Gadhafi 's son Saif al-Islam is in Bani Walid , and another son , Mutassim , is in Sirte . Both cities remain contested . Basit did not say how the interim government discovered Gadhafi 's putative whereabouts , and his assertions could not be verified . The National Transitional Council has made similar claims that proved false . Ghadamis is in western Libya , on the border with Algeria . Tuareg tribesmen have helped Gadhafi loyalists escape Libya across the expanses of the Sahel . During his rule , Gadhafi often turned to the nomadic Tuareg to bolster his forces and his attempts to manipulate and destabilize the poor countries to the south of Libya : Niger , Chad and Mali . The International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , has issued arrest warrants for Moammar and Saif al-Islam Gadhafi . They are wanted for alleged crimes against humanity committed after the start of the Libyan uprising in February . After the fall of Tripoli to revolutionary forces , messages purportedly from Gadhafi were aired on Syrian-based television Al-Rai . The longtime dictator has not been seen in public for months . Libya 's new leadership has been meeting in Benghazi to discuss the formation of an interim government . Meanwhile , battles are still raging in Sirte and Bani Walid ; NATO estimates that 200,000 of Libya 's 6 million people are still under threat from Gadhafi 's supporters . Near Bani Walid 's front line , senior National Transitional Council field commander Daou Al-Salhine Al Jadak was killed Tuesday , said Abdulla Kenshill , a spokesman in Bani Walid . "  A rocket struck a truck transporting Al Jadak and six of his aides , " Kenshill said Wednesday . "  They are all Libyan martyrs of the revolution . " He described the humanitarian situation in Bani Walid as "  really bad " and said 30,000 of the city 's residents had fled toward Tripoli and 12,000 toward Sabha , in the south . Neither side appeared to be making headway in Bani Walid , he said . "  There are spies among our revolutionaries who send our coordinates to the snipers and Gadhafi loyalists firing from inside Bani Walid , and the proof is that their attacks have been precisely targeted , " said Emad Ziglam , a field commander of the Tripoli rebels fighting outside Bani Walid . "  The mistake was mixing the rebel units . We should not have allowed fighters from Benghazi among others to join in , since we do not know them all . There are definitely traitors among us . " Thousands of people have fled the fighting in Sirte , the birthplace of Gadhafi , where the strongman retains a following . The National Transitional Council said that about 100 families left the city Wednesday . It also said Sirte was surrounded by revolutionary fighters but estimated that about 5,000 pro-Gadhafi fighters remained within the city . Transitional council military commanders Jamal al-Raies and Mohammed Ismael said its forces would wait a few days before starting any major offensive on the city in order to give civilians there more time to leave . Col. Ahmed Bani said anti-Gadhafi forces had taken control of the northern part of Sirte as well as its airport , its seaport and the Gardabya military base .	National Transitional Council commander is killed Moammar Gadhafi is believed to be near Ghadamis , a military spokesman says His sons are believed to be hiding in Sirte and Bani Walid Interim council claims have turned out to be false before
CNN  -- Chelsea remain top of the English Premier League , despite suffering a shock 2-1 defeat at Everton on a Wednesday night filled with high drama . Louis Saha scored twice for Everton , and the French striker also missed a penalty , as David Moyes ' side claimed some compensation for their defeat by the London side in last summer 's FA Cup final . Chelsea took a 16th-minute lead when Florent Malouda ran onto Didier Drogba 's flick to fire past goalkeeper Tim Howard . But Everton levelled 17 minutes later when Saha gave marker John Terry the slip before heading home Landon Donovan 's corner . Saha then had a great chance to give Everton the lead on the stroke of half-time after Donovan was fouled by Ricardo Carvalho in the area . However , his spot-kick lacked power and direction and was comfortably saved by goalkeeper Petr Cech . But Saha was eventually to win the game fror Everton with Terry again at fault . The former England captain failed to deal with a long cross-field ball , allowing Saha to control the pass in an instant before striking home a 75th minute winner . Manchester United would have gone top of the table with a win at Aston Villa , but the defending champions drew 1-1 after playing most of the match with 10 men following the dismissal of Portuguese winger Nani . In a dress rehearsal for the League Cup final later this month , Carlos Cuellar headed home Stewart Downing 's cross to give Villa a 19th-minute lead . But United levelled soon after when Ryan Giggs ' pull-back was put through his own net by defender James Collins . Nani was then sent off for a 28th-minute two-footed lunge on Stilyan Petrov , incurring a three-match ban which will see him miss the Wembley showpiece . United held on for a battling draw with a superb second-half rearguard performance , and the result means they like just a point behind Chelsea with 12 matches still remaining . Arsenal remain third in the table , but are now just six points behind Chelsea and five behind United , are a hard-fought 1-0 home win over fourth-paced Liverpool . Abou Diaby headed home Tomas Rosicky 's cross with 18 minutes remaining , to end a barren run for the Gunners after successive defeats against both Chelsea and Manchester United . Tottenham 's Champions League hopes took a a severe knock after they were beaten 1-0 at struggling Wolves -- who have now beaten the London side both home and away . David Jones side-footed home a Matt Jarvis cross to give Wolves a vital three points that moves them out of the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Hull lie just one place above the drop zone after they were beaten 1-0 at Blackburn . The home side scored the only goal in the 16th minute when goalkeeper Boaz Myhill diverted Martin Olsson 's cross into his own net . The visitors ended the match with 10 men after George Boateng was sent off for an elbow on Morten Gamst Pedersen . West Ham also moved out of the drop zone with a superb 2-0 home win over in-form Birmingham . A superb Alessandro Diamanti free-kick and a second from Carlton Cole proved enough for the Hammers , giving new owners David Sullivan and David Gold victory against the club they used to own .	Chelsea remain top of the English Premier League , despite suffering a 2-1 defeat at Everton Louis Saha scores both goals and also misses a penalty for the home side Manchester United ate a point behind after they draw 1-1 at Aston Villa with 10 men
CNN  -- Japan has suspended its annual Antarctic whale hunt because an anti-whaling group is tailing its ship , a government official said Wednesday . Hirosh Kawamura , an official at the Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries , said the hunt has been "  temporarily suspended " since February 10 due to the actions of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society . "  We have experienced the dangerous attacks from them , it might take the life of crews , " he said . "  Considering the safety as the first priority , we decided to halt the whaling temporarily . " Sea Shepherd regularly dogs Japanese whaling vessels during their hunts to make their task more difficult and to lower the number of whales harvested . Japan annually hunts whales in the Antarctic , despite a worldwide moratorium on whaling , under the loophole that a country may legally do so if its purpose is scientific research . Sea Shepherd has said the science argument is a sham , noting that the whale meat is sold in Japan and served in restaurants .	Japan suspends its annual whale hunt after anti-whaling group chases its ship The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society regularly dogs Japanese whaling vessels The group aims to lower the number of whales harvested
Baghdad  CNN  -- Twenty years after the United States and its allies launched Operation Desert Storm to roll back Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait , Iraq still owes its smaller neighbor billions in reparations and more than 1,000 people are still missing . It was in August 1990 that Iraq invaded , declaring that Kuwait was its 19th province . The United States led a counteroffensive starting January 16 , 1991 . While the era of Saddam Hussein is now part of history , the impact of the invasion he ordered is anything but . "  Kuwait was of course traumatized by the invasion in 1990 , " said Joost Hiltermann of the International Crisis Group , which monitors conflicts around the world . "  It has yet to overcome the fear that Iraq will yet again want to show that Kuwait is the 19th province rather than an independent neighboring state -- and Kuwait will want some kind of guarantees that will not be repeated . " The United Nations lifted Hussein-era sanctions against Iraq in December , a largely symbolic step toward Iraq regaining full sovereignty and its status in the international community . And although its government has continued to reassure the international community that the new Iraq is no longer a threat , Baghdad is still subject to U.N. resolutions over its outstanding disputes with Kuwait . More than 1,000 people -- or their remains -- are still missing , including Iraqis , Kuwaitis and others . The Kuwaiti government also wants back government documents that disappeared during the invasion in 1990 . Iraq , Kuwait and the International Committee of the Red Cross are working together on the missing persons . Iraq is also continuing to pay off its war reparations to its neighbor . Baghdad says it has paid about $ 30 billion to date and still has to pay more than $ 20 billion more . The money is deducted from Iraq 's main income , oil revenues . Government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh says Iraq needs money itself , and has paid enough . "  We are subject to the deduction of 5 % of our revenue . That is , of course , influencing the revenue of the Iraqi people . It 's influencing the budget , " he said . "  I do understand that Saddam created damages to the others , but again , it 's enough , " he told CNN . "  We do need each and every penny " for "  reconstruction of our destroyed country " and because the Iraqi people need services , he said . And while the borders between the two countries have finally been established with the help of the United Nations , questions remain on both sides regarding rights and access , and some 200 Iraqi families must be relocated . In what is arguably the biggest step toward improving these strained ties , Kuwait 's Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah visited Baghdad on Wednesday , the highest-ranking Kuwaiti visit in decades . Iraq 's Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is expected to make a visit to Kuwait soon . "  Now we see a thaw of sorts , we 'll have to see how far it goes , " said Hiltermann of the International Crisis Group . "  That could lead to a peace treaty of some sort because there are some outstanding issues that need to be resolved , but all of them are resolvable , and I think if the political will is there , it can be done . " Analysts say while there are signs of progress being made , the issue is essentially a lack of trust on both sides -- and building that trust will not be easy .	Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 , and the U.S. led a counteroffensive in January 1991 Baghdad continues to pay reparations to its neighbor Iraq 's government spokesman says enough is enough About 1,000 people who disappeared have never been found
Washington  CNN  -- The hundreds of thousands of typhoon victims in the Philippines need help , and they need it now , the U.S. Marine Corps general in charge of the U.S. military relief effort says . Marine Corps Brig. Gen. Paul Kennedy told CNN he needs immediate dispatch of U.S. Navy amphibious ships that carry equipment to produce potable water and the variety of helicopters , small boats , trucks and other supplies needed in the relief effort . "  They are the Swiss army knife of the U.S. military , " Kennedy said of the amphibious ships , speaking to CNN in a telephone interview from the Philippines . The Pentagon appeared to be heeding his call . Two U.S. Navy amphibious ships are now sailing from their home base in Sasebo , Japan , to Okinawa , where they will pick up Marines and continue on to the Philippines , a U.S. military official said Tuesday evening . Three warships that are home-ported in the Pacific are also under orders to prepare to deploy in the next 48 hours , a senior Pentagon official told CNN . Pentagon press secretary George Little said the military is working hard to give Kennedy whatever he needs . He said 250 U.S. service members are now in the Philippines , and they have delivered 107,000 pounds of relief supplies . How to help survivors Kennedy said the most crucial need right now is to provide shelter for the tens of thousands of displaced people , as well as food , water and sanitation . The situation is so dire there may not even be enough time or capability to fly in portable toilets , and human waste might have to be burned in place , he said . While U.S. Marines are on the ground providing aid and more U.S. military help has been dispatched , Kennedy said more help is urgently needed . "  The rest of the world needs to get mobilized , the rest of the donor community , " he told NBC News . "  A week from now will be too late . " "  We ca n't wait , " said Martin Romualdez , a Philippines congressman . "  People have gone three days without any clean water , food and medication , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  People are getting desperate . " Typhoon Haiyan made landfall in the Philippines on Friday as one of the most powerful storms recorded . By Tuesday , officials had counted 1,774 deaths from the storm . Authorities had said Haiyan may have taken as many as 10,000 lives , but Philippines President Benigno Aquino III told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday that the death toll would more likely be about 2,000 or 2,500 people . Projected death toll falls , but tensions rise amid aid bottlenecks With wind gusts well above 200 mph and a massive storm surge , the storm displaced at least 800,000 people , the United Nations said Tuesday . More than 2 million people need food aid , the Philippine government said . Compounding relief efforts Tuesday was a new tropical low , Zoraida , which has dumped 4 inches of rain in some of the hard-hit areas . That makes the amphibious ships Kennedy has asked for even more vital . The amphibious ships have tracked "  assault amphibious vehicles " that can carry supplies and move over and through piles of debris to distribution points where aid is needed most . Typhoon Haiyan : ` The one building that survived the storm ' The Pentagon has dispatched the aircraft carrier USS George Washington , which was visiting Hong Kong , to the disaster area . Two cruisers , three destroyers and a supply ship are joining the carrier for the mission , Little said . "  The George Washington can produce more than 400,000 gallons of fresh water per day . As you know , and as a reminder , a U.S. Navy carrier , the USS Lincoln , supported tsunami relief operations in 2004 in the Pacific , providing much needed capabilities to operations ashore , " Little said . The U.S. military relief effort will take supplies to distribution points , but those supplies will be then handed out by Philippines forces , Kennedy said . Local forces are in the best position to know community leaders and make sure those in the most need are getting the help , he added . As of Tuesday night in the Philippines , lights and radars were being assembled at the airport in Tacloban , at the heart of the disaster zone , and the facility was expected to be running full day and nighttime operations within 24 hours , he said . Typhoon Haiyan : Faces of the storm	NEW : Two U.S. Navy amphibious ships will pick up Marines in Okinawa and sail to Philippines The U.S. commander in the Philippines is asking for amphibious warships The vessels can carry helicopters , vehicles that can surmount debris piles The U.S. military will bring supplies , but they will be handed out by local leaders
Washington  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration proposed two new rules Friday that it estimates could eliminate up to 1.25 million foodborne illnesses each year from such pathogens as Salmonella , Listeria and E. Coli . The new regulations are part of the 2011 Food Safety Modernization Act , which aims to make the agency more proactive at preventing outbreaks . Each year one out of every six Americans gets sick from foodborne illnesses , according to estimates by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Roughly 128,000 people are hospitalized and 3,000 die . "  We really need to do more than react after the fact , " FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg said in a news briefing . "  Preventing problems before they cause harm is not only common sense , it is key to food safety in the 21st century . " One rule requires "  science-based standards for growing , harvesting , packing and holding produce on domestic and foreign farms . " It addresses a variety of possible routes of food contamination including the manure used as fertilizer , water sprayed on crops , animals in the fields , whether workers wash their hands and how packing houses process foods . The other rule sets out guidelines for "  preventive controls for human food " and would require companies to have plans for foodborne illnesses . "  It 's basic common sense , " said Michael Taylor , FDA deputy commissioner for foods and veterinary medicine . "  In each individual facility the operator simply must identify the potential hazards , identify the controls that can work ... to reduce those hazards , implement those controls on a continuing basis , document , keep records and then make corrections when needed . " The two proposed rules will be available for public comment for 120 days . If they go into effect as written , companies would have up to four years , depending on their size , to comply . Food safety advocates applauded the new rules . "  This is a really important step toward food safety standards that would prevent contamination whether it is produced in a food factory or being produced on a farm , " said Chris Waldrop , director of the Food Policy Institute at the Consumer Federation of America . "  Unfortunately , It took a series of large foodborne illness outbreaks to make people wake up and say this is a problem that needs to be addressed . " Salmonella in peanut butter sickened 42 people last fall and cantaloupes tainted with Listeria infected 146 people and killed 30 in 2011 , according to the CDC . "  You can just look at a couple of recent outbreaks that were quite serious in terms of burden of illnesses and they occurred because of problems that would have been addressed by these kinds of approaches , " Hamburg said , without referencing specific incidents . Still , concerns remain over whether the agency will be able to make the new rules work as intended . "  One of the key questions here is resources for FDA and making sure that FDA has enough money , enough resources to enforce this , " Waldrop said . When asked about the cost of the program , Hamburg was not able to provide a price tag . "  It 's difficult to answer both in terms of overall cost and initial cost to implement , " she said . "  There will also be savings overall to the system and new efficiencies , and of course prevention of problems that would have taken a toll both in health and on industry and health care . " The agency expects private companies will enforce the new guidelines on their suppliers and counts on partnerships with local governments to help police them . "  FDA may do some inspections , but we have limited resources to inspect produce operations and we have a clear direction from Congress to collaborate with state agencies so we expect much of the oversight to come at the state and local level , " Taylor said . The FDA says additional rules are expected , including those addressing foreign suppliers , animal food and third - party auditors . CNN 's Athena Jones contributed to this report .	Rules address produce safety and preventive controls for human food They will be available for public comment for 120 days The goal is to prevent outbreaks of foodborne illnesses , FDA commissioner says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As the Democratic primary race heats up between Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , the delegate estimate between the two remains extremely close . For the first time , Democratic superdelegates may decide their party 's nominee . But what exactly is a delegate and why are they so important to Obama and Clinton , and Sen. John McCain and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee on the Republican side ? The magic number of delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination is 2,025 out of 4,049 total number of delegates . For Republicans , the number needed is much less -- 1,191 delegates to secure the party 's nomination out of 2,380 total delegates . CNN has compiled a list of questions and answers regarding the complicated world of delegates . Q : What 's the difference between delegates and superdelegates ? A : There are different set of rules for the Democratic and Republican parties . For Democrats , there are two types of delegates within the Democratic Party : pledged and unpledged . Both of them cast votes for presidential candidates at the national convention , but the methods by which they are selected differ . A pledged delegate is elected to his or her position with the understanding that he or she will support a particular candidate . Over 80 percent of the total delegate votes at the convention are from these pledged delegates . In caucus states , pledged delegates are elected through a series of local-level meetings and conventions and then are allocated to the candidates based on the candidate 's showing in the caucuses . In primary states , voters are actually voting for a candidate 's slate of pledged delegates . The number of delegates who get to attend the national conventions is proportional to the candidate 's share of the primary vote . Although pledged delegates make a "  pledge " to support a certain candidate , they are not required or bound by the national party to actually support that candidate and may vote any way they choose on the convention floor . So-called "  superdelegates , " unique to the Democratic party , are drawn from the Democratic National Committee , members of Congress , governors and distinguished party leaders -- like former presidents , vice presidents , and congressional leaders . Some are selected at state conventions . Though sometimes referred to as "  unpledged " delegates , many superdelegates pledge allegiance to a candidate well before the party convention -- but they are free to change their minds . Superdelegates make up around 20 percent of the total delegates and have only been around since the 1980s . Although the national Republican Party does not have these superdelegates , 123 members of the Republican National Committee are free to vote for any candidate at the GOP convention this summer in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Of those , 26 have already expressed support for McCain and three for Huckabee . Republicans , like Democrats , utilize pledged delegates in the nominating process . A candidate needs 1,911 out of 2,380 total national delegates to secure the nomination . Q : At what point do superdelegates become a factor in deciding who wins the nomination ? A : Because Obama and Clinton are neck-and-neck in pledged delegates , the superdelegate number could set a candidate over the top , getting the magic number of delegates needed to win the party 's nomination . Watch superdelegates weigh in on their role in the race " CNN estimates , however , that Clinton has the support of at least 234 superdelegates compared with at least 156 superdelegates for Obama , according to an ongoing survey . The remaining 400 or so superdelegates either remain neutral , undecided or have not publicly revealed their preferences . Though Clinton appears to hold a sizable lead among these Democratic officials , Obama has scored a series of high-profile superdelegate endorsements in recent weeks , including nods from Sens. Ted Kennedy and John Kerry of Massachusetts . Although there are currently 796 Democratic superdelegates , those numbers may change over the next several months as people die , leave office or leave the Democratic Party . Watch more about Democratic superdelegates " The number of superdelegates may also change if states such as Florida and Michigan are ultimately allowed to send delegates . As you may recall , the DNC stripped both states due to the refusal to hold delegate selection contests during the so-called "  window " of time sanctioned by the DNC . This means that , unless the DNC 's current ruling changes , prominent Democrats -- including Florida Sen. Bill Nelson and Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm -- will not be superdelegates . Q : Can superdelegates who 've expressed a preference change their mind before that time ? A : Yes , superdelegates are not required to indicate a preference for a candidate . Candidates , however , can use their persuasive power to win over superdelegates ' support . Q : Have superdelegates ever decided the Democratic nominee ? A : No . Since superdelegates were first created in the 1980s , a Democratic nomination race has never come down to the votes of superdelegates at the convention . Usually , the eventual nominee emerges before the convention and the delegates generally have rallied around that nominee at the convention regardless of whom they supported during the primaries . Q : How does CNN determine its delegate count ? A : The overall delegate estimate is a combination of our superdelegate estimate and our calculations of how many delegates the candidates won through primaries and caucuses . We add those numbers together and come up with the overall delegate estimate . For the superdelegate count in particular , CNN 's ongoing survey involves phone calls and e-mails to delegates as well as public statements of endorsement for a particular candidate . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Robert Yoon , Alan Silverleib and Keating Holland contributed to this report .	CNN answers your questions about the role delegates play in the presidential race Find out the difference between delegates and "  superdelegates " for Democrats There are no Republican superdelegates
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A disabled punk band has launched a campaign to fight for the rights of disabled people to be able to party late . Heavy Load are a UK-based punk band with three out of five members who are disabled . "  Heavy Load , " describe themselves as an "  anarcho-garage-punk " band and are made up of five musicians , one of whom has Downs Syndrome and two who have unspecified learning disabilities . Their campaign , "  Stay Up Late , " encourages carers to support disabled people who want to stay out past 10pm . Heavy Load 's manager and bass guitarist , Paul Richards , 39 , told CNN : "  The Stay Up Late " campaign is to raise awareness , and tackle the issue where disabled gig-goers end up going home at 9pm , therefore missing most of the evening , because their support workers finish their shifts at 10pm . "  We started the campaign because we 'd be playing a gig and something strange happens at 9pm when people would start to go home . We were also frustrated with asking to go on earlier in the evening so that our fans would still be there . It 's not very punk to go on at 8.30 pm , " he added . "  Stay up Late " has received widespread support from disabled people and the UK government , Richards said . Even carers who may be required to work later if the campaign is successful have offered their support . "  So far , we 've only had one or two support workers say that they do n't think they should be required to work unsociable hours , " Richards said . The group has also partnered with the UK 's leading learning disabilities charity Mencap , who they say have really helped to relay their message to a wider audience . Mencap and Heavy Load teamed up last week where the band headlined a concert in London for people with learning disabilities , giving them an opportunity to be involved in running a club night . See images from the concert " They concert was held in conjunction with London venue Proud Camden , and around 400 people attended the event which finished at 1am . Everyone at the event , from the door girl , to bar staff and cloakroom attendants , were people with learning disabilities , venue owner Alex Proud told CNN . "  It 's the first event of its kind for people with a learning disability and there was a real buzz about how people with learning disability are an untapped source in the entertainment industry . " He said : "  At these nights there is a lack of inhibitions . They tend to let their hair down and really know how to party ; it 's a hell of a lot of fun for all involved . Proud is eager to put on events that include people with a learning disability and to make the public more aware of this often overlooked group . "  Young people with learning disabilities want to go out , but they are not catered for in the entertainment industry , " he added . Heavy Load have been together for 13 years since meeting at the Southdown housing in England , a non-profit assisted-living community for people with learning disabilities . Vocalist Jimmy Nicholls , 62 , posted an advert and a week later the band including Michael White , 47  drums  Simon barker , 37  lead vocals  and Mick Williams , 47  guitar and vocals  was formed . Since then the band has gained many disabled and non-disabled fans and a successful documentary , "  Heavy Load , " has been made about their lives . Now they are looking forward to setting up the "  Stay Up Late " campaign around the world . Richards said : "  When we visited New York last year we were surprised to find that it 's an issue for people with learning disabilities to get out much at all -- so there is definitely a need there . "  We 've also been asked to go to Russia , Serbia , other parts of the U.S. , Scotland and Czech Republic to play and promote the campaign -- which we 'd love to do , but money 's tight , " he added . However , Richards insists the campaign is not about partying late every night . "  We do n't insist on people staying up late against their will -- just having the choice to do what they want to do ! "	Disabled punk bank Heavy Load have launched the "  Stay Up Late " campaign The band want disabled concert-goers to be able to enjoy gigs until the end Disabled people often have to leave gigs early when their carers ' shifts end Heavy Load played last week at a London club night run by disabled people
London  CNN  A Scottish woman diagnosed with Ebola is now asking for experimental treatment of the virus . Pauline Cafferkey , 39 , of Glasgow , is sitting up in her hospital bed , reading and talking , according to a statement from the Royal Free Hospital in London . "  However , the next few days will be crucial , " said Dr. Michael Jacobs , an infectious diseases consultant . "  The disease has a variable course and we will know much more in a week 's time . " Cafferkey is the first person to be diagnosed with the virus on UK soil . British media outlets have said she is a public health nurse who was part of a 30-strong team of medical volunteers deployed to Sierra Leone in West Africa by the UK government last month in a joint endeavor with Save the Children . She traveled via Casablanca , Morocco , and London Heathrow Airport before arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight late Sunday , the health agency NHS Scotland said . After feeling unwell , she sought medical attention and was reportedly transferred to London on a military aircraft fitted with an isolation pod . The Royal Free Hospital is equipped with a high-level isolation unit , with access restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent , with controlled ventilation , is set up over the patient 's bed . A British volunteer nurse , William Pooley , was successfully treated in the unit following his return home from Sierra Leone in August after being diagnosed with Ebola . ` Extremely low ' risk UK authorities are working to trace those who have come into contact with Cafferkey . The Scottish government has set up a special number for people to call if they traveled on the same London Heathrow-to-Glasgow flight as Cafferkey . British Airways said it was working closely with health authorities in England and Scotland and would help with any information needed . "  The safety and security of our customers and crew is always our top priority and the risk to people on board that individual flight is extremely low , " the airline said . Ebola patients become infectious only after they display symptoms , such as fever and vomiting . The deadly virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids . A Downing Street spokesman told CNN that British Prime Minister David Cameron and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon had discussed the procedures in place to handle such a case . "  They agreed that both governments would remain in close touch and ensure everything possible was done to support the patient and , although the risk to the general population remained low , all measures would be taken to protect public health . " Scottish woman tests negative Meanwhile , a woman in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland who 'd fallen ill tested negative for Ebola , the Scottish government said Tuesday . A spokesman for the government said the woman had been in West Africa recently , though she had no direct contact with anyone with Ebola . "  A patient at Aberdeen Royal Infirmary has tested negative for Ebola , " a Tuesday news release said . "  The individual was transferred to the hospital by the Scottish Ambulance Service yesterday after falling ill while visiting Torridon in the Scottish Highlands . " According to UK government guidelines , humanitarian workers returning from Ebola-affected countries in West Africa who 've been at high risk of exposure are expected to monitor their own health for 21 days after they get home . As of December 24 , at least 7,693 people had died in the current Ebola outbreak , centered in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , the World Health Organization said . There have been at least 19,695 cases . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	A health care worker diagnosed with the virus is asking for experimental drug therapy She is the first to be diagnosed with Ebola in the UK She fell ill after returning from West Africa as a medical volunteer A woman in the Scottish Highlands has tested negative for Ebola , government says
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The steeple clock at Port-au-Prince 's St. Pierre Catholic Church is stopped at 4:53 , the hour at which a devastating earthquake struck Haiti nearly one week ago . The church gates were closed Sunday . The doors shuttered . But it seems Tuesday 's quake has only strengthened the religious fervor many Haitians carry in their souls . "  A lot of people who never prayed or believed -- now they believe , " said Cristina Bailey , a 24-year-old clerk . In parks and backyards , anywhere a group gathers , the prayers of the Haitians can be heard . Last week , the call-and-response chanting and clapping that accompany those prayers pierced the darkness of night and the pre-dawn hours -- sometimes as early as 4 a.m. . The singing and praying was particularly intense in Champs de Mars plaza , where hundreds of people have taken refuge . But the scene was repeated throughout the city , with preachers on megaphones exhorting the faithful , who responded with lyrics like "  O Lord , keep me close to you " and "  Forgive me , Jesus . " Many preachers are telling followers not to lose faith , that God remains with them regardless of what 's happened . Most Haitians do n't feel abandoned , Bailey said . "  People do n't blame Jesus for all these things , " she said . "  They have faith . They believe that Jesus saved them and are thankful for that . " Perhaps few personified that deep belief better than 11-year-old Anaika Saint Louis , who was pulled from the rubble Thursday night and later died . Her leg had been crushed , and doctors thought they might have to amputate her feet . She said she did n't care . "  Thank you , God , because he saved my life , " she said . "  If I lose my feet , I always had my life . " Jean Mackenle Verpre also suffered a crushing leg injury and was freed after 48 hours underground . Asked what kept him going , he answered without hesitation : He believes in Jesus Christ and put his life in God 's hands . Colonized by France , Haiti is a strongly Catholic country . Christian motifs are everywhere in Port-au-Prince . Many vehicles bear signs like the one painted on the windshield of a truck on Rue Delmar : "  Merci Jesus , " it said . A woman passing by on Avenue Christophe chanted softly : "  Accept Jesus . " "  In Haiti , you have Protestants and Catholics , and you have your percentage of each , " said J.B. Diederich , a native-born Haitian who now lives in Miami , Florida , but returned to the Caribbean for several days after the earthquake . "  But everybody is 100 percent voodoo . " Voodoo is widely acknowledged but practiced only behind closed doors , with practitioners often placing candles and icons on the floor of a home and dancing to music and drums . Followers believe the world is under the power of loas -- spirits and deities who act as intermediaries between humans and God . In voodoo , disasters like Tuesday 's quake are not the result of natural forces , but displeasure by a loa . See complete coverage of Haiti earthquake "  It 's in every apartment . The voodoo is our culture , " 25-year-old Alex Gassan said . "  It 's like the folklore . " Gassan proudly calls himself a Catholic , pulling out a crucifix necklace from under his shirt to show a reporter . Many observers have a simple explanation for what makes Haitians so devout . "  Because in all poor countries , you have to believe in something , " said Agnes Pierre-Louis , the Haitian-born manager of her family-owned hotel . "  If they do n't have that , they do n't have anything . " Added Diederich : "  They leave everything in the hands of God . When you have so little , what else can you turn to ? "	Many preachers tell followers not to lose faith Most Haitians do n't feel abandoned by God , says one Hatian Voodoo is widely acknowledged but practiced only behind closed doors
CNN  -- Arizona surgeons repaired a hole in rocker Bret Michaels ' heart Monday , a hospital spokeswoman said . The hole , medically known as a patent foramen ovale , was discovered last April while Michaels was being treated for a brain hemorrhage at St. Joseph 's Hospital and Medical Center in Phoenix . "  Without treatment for the PFO , Michaels could be at risk for developing blood clots and additional stroke , " hospital spokeswoman Carmelle Malkovich said . Michaels , 47 , delayed the surgery until this month to allow him to complete a concert tour and appear on the season finale of the reality show "  Celebrity Apprentice , " which he won last summer . "  Doctors will insert a catheter into a vein in the groin and guide wires and a PFO closure device into the heart with imaging assistance to close the PFO , " said a hospital statement issued prior to the surgery . "  The device will remain in Michaels ' heart permanently to stop abnormal blood flow between the two chambers of the heart . " The hole is believed to have caused a "  warning stroke " Michaels suffered in May during his brain treatment . The singer felt the left side of his body growing numb , prompting him to return to the hospital that treated him for a massive brain hemorrhage in April , his publicist said at the time . His doctors concluded that Michaels had suffered a transient ischemic attack , or warning stroke , that was prompted by a hole in his heart , Malkovich said . The heart problem was probably not related to Michaels ' brain hemorrhage , said Dr. Joseph Zabramski , the neurosurgeon who treated his brain hemorrhage . Michaels was the lead singer for the '80s glam-metal "  hair band " Poison . He became a reality TV star by headlining the VH1 show "  Rock of Love With Bret Michaels " as well as appearing on "  Celebrity Apprentice . " His "  Roses & Thorns " tour with the Bret Michaels Band was interrupted when the singer was stricken by an excruciating headache on April 22 . Doctors at the Barrow Neurological Institute , a part of St. Joseph 's Hospital , diagnosed him with a rupture in his brain , but they never pinpointed the cause . Michaels was released from the hospital 12 days later .	The hole in Michaels ' heart was found last May Surgery was delayed while Michaels toured Michaels was treated for a brain hemorrhage last April
CNN  -- Stefano Domenicali has resigned as team principal of the Ferrari F1 team following a poor start to the 2014 Formula One season . The 48-year-old , who has led the Italian team since 2008 , said in a statement on the Ferrari website Monday that the time had come for "  a significant change . " Ferrari is the sport 's oldest and most successful team with 16 constructors ' championships but the Maranello-based manufacturer has struggled in recent seasons and is currently lying fifth after three races of the 2014 with just 33 points and no podium finishes . "  There are special moments that come along in everyone 's professional life , when one needs courage to take difficult and very agonising decisions , " Domenicali said in a statement . "  It is time for a significant change . As the boss , I take responsibility , as I have always done , for our current situation . This decision has been taken with the aim of doing something to shake things up and for the good of this group of people that I feel very close to . " Domenicali went on to thank the team , fans and Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemolo "  for having always supported me . " In a separate statement , Di Montezemolo also expressed his gratitude to Domenicali for his dedication stretching over nearly a quarter of a century . "  I thank Stefano Domenicali , not only for his constant dedication and effort , but also for the great sense of responsibility he has shown , even today , in always putting the interests of Ferrari above all else , " Di Montezemolo 's statement said . "  I hold Domenicali in esteem and I have watched him grow professionally over the 23 years we have worked together , I now wish him every success for the future . " Marco Mattiacci , who is currently President and CEO of Ferrari North America , will replace Domenicali , Di Montezemolo said . After taking over from Jean Todt as team principal in 2008 , Domenicali made a successful start to his reign winning the constructors title in his first season . The seasons since have been less happy . A fourth place in 2009 was followed by two third place finishes before they ran Red Bull a close second in 2012 before falling back into third place last season . Despite having former world champions Kimi Raikkonen and Fernando Alonso at the wheel , Ferrari have made little impact in the opening three races this year and continue to struggle with the new engine and chassis regulations . Alonso managed to finish fourth in the opening two races of the season but a new nadir was reached at the Bahrain Grand Prix earlier this month . While Mercedes ' duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were recording a second successive one-two finish , Alonso and Raikkonen were scrapping around for single-figure points , eventually finishing ninth and 10th respectfully . Ferrari 's quest for a first podium of the season resumes at next Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .	Italian steps down following Ferrari 's disappointing start to 2014 F1 season "  It is time for a significant change . As the boss , I take responsibility , " Domenicali says Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemolo thanks 48-year-old for "  constant dedication and effort " Marco Mattiacci , currently President and CEO of Ferrari North America , to take over as team boss
CNN  -- Saying she 's an "  old woman " trying to find out the fate of her only son , the mother of American hostage Abdul-Rahman Kassig has sent a tweet meant for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi . "  I am trying to get in touch with the Islamic State about my son 's fate , " she says in the tweet , which is a photograph of a letter written to al Baghdadi . "  I am an old woman , and Abdul Rahman is my only child . "  My husband and I are on our own , with no help from the government . We would like to talk to you . How can we reach you ? " Abdul-Rahman Kassig , whose given name is Peter , was detained on October 1 in eastern Syria while doing humanitarian work . ISIS has threatened to kill him next . Since the announcement -- made in an ISIS video showing the apparent beheading of of British aid worker Alan Henning -- Kassig 's has issued repeated pleas asking his captors to show mercy and free him . Over the weekend , they released a YouTube video , imploring his captors to "  use their power to let our son go . " Wednesday night , Kassig 's parents attended a vigil at Indiana 's Butler University , Kassig 's alma mater . ' I am an idealist ' Kassig , 26 , had already finished a tour in the Middle East as a U.S. Army Ranger stationed in Iraq . But he felt compelled to go back to the region to help Syrians caught in a bloody conflict that has killed roughly 200,000 people He expressed his fear in captivity in a letter sent to his parents in June . "  I am obviously pretty scared to die , but the hardest part is not knowing , wondering , hoping , and wondering if I should even hope at all , " Kassig wrote .	In the letter , she says she would like to talk to al Baghdadi ISIS has threatened to kill Kassig next
CNN  Although most of us worry about other things , climate scientists have become increasingly worried about the survival of civilization . For example , Lonnie Thompson , who received the U.S. National Medal of Science in 2010 , said that virtually all climatologists "  are now convinced that global warming poses a clear and present danger to civilization . " Informed journalists share this concern . The climate crisis "  threatens the survival of our civilization , " said Pulitzer Prize-winner Ross Gelbspan . Mark Hertsgaard agrees , saying that the continuation of global warming "  would create planetary conditions all but certain to end civilization as we know it . " These scientists and journalists , moreover , are worried not only about the distant future but about the condition of the planet for their own children and grandchildren . James Hansen , often considered the world 's leading climate scientist , entitled his book "  Storms of My Grandchildren . " The threat to civilization comes primarily from the increase of the level of carbon dioxide  CO2  in the atmosphere , due largely to the burning of fossil fuels . Before the rise of the industrial age , CO2 constituted only 275 ppm  parts per million  of the atmosphere . But it is now above 400 and rising about 2.5 ppm per year . Because of the CO2 increase , the planet 's average temperature has increased 0.85 degrees Celsius  1.5 degrees Fahrenheit  . Although this increase may not seem much , it has already brought about serious changes . The idea that we will be safe from "  dangerous climate change " if we do not exceed a temperature rise of 2C  3.6 F  has been widely accepted . But many informed people have rejected this assumption . In the opinion of journalist-turned-activist Bill McKibben , "  the one degree we 've raised the temperature already has melted the Arctic , so we 're fools to find out what two will do . " His warning is supported by James Hansen , who declared that "  a target of two degrees  Celsius  is actually a prescription for long-term disaster . " The burning of coal , oil , and natural gas has made the planet warmer than it had been since the rise of civilization 10,000 years ago . Civilization was made possible by the emergence about 12,000 years ago of the "  Holocene " epoch , which turned out to be the Goldilocks zone - not too hot , not too cold . But now , says physicist Stefan Rahmstorf , "  We are catapulting ourselves way out of the Holocene . " This catapult is dangerous , because we have no evidence civilization can long survive with significantly higher temperatures . And yet , the world is on a trajectory that would lead to an increase of 4C  7F  in this century . In the opinion of many scientists and the World Bank , this could happen as early as the 2060s . What would "  a 4C world " be like ? According to Kevin Anderson of the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research  at the University of East Anglia  , "  during New York 's summer heat waves the warmest days would be around 10-12C  18-21 .6 F  hotter -LSB- than today 's -RSB- . " Moreover , he has said , above an increase of 4C only about 10 % of the human population will survive . Believe it or not , some scientists consider Anderson overly optimistic . The main reason for pessimism is the fear that the planet 's temperature may be close to a tipping point that would initiate a "  low-end runaway greenhouse , " involving "  out-of-control amplifying feedbacks . " This condition would result , says Hansen , if all fossil fuels are burned  which is the intention of all fossil-fuel corporations and many governments  . This result "  would make most of the planet uninhabitable by humans . " Moreover , many scientists believe that runaway global warming could occur much more quickly , because the rising temperature caused by CO2 could release massive amounts of methane  CH4  , which is , during its first 20 years , 86 times more powerful than CO2 . Warmer weather induces this release from carbon that has been stored in methane hydrates , in which enormous amounts of carbon -- four times as much as that emitted from fossil fuels since 1850 -- has been frozen in the Arctic 's permafrost . And yet now the Arctic 's temperature is warmer than it had been for 120,000 years -- in other words , more than 10 times longer than civilization has existed . According to Joe Romm , a physicist who created the Climate Progress website , methane release from thawing permafrost in the Arctic "  is the most dangerous amplifying feedback in the entire carbon cycle . " The amplifying feedback works like this : The warmer temperature releases millions of tons of methane , which then further raise the temperature , which in turn releases more methane . The resulting threat of runaway global warming may not be merely theoretical . Scientists have long been convinced that methane was central to the fastest period of global warming in geological history , which occurred 55 million years ago . Now a group of scientists have accumulated evidence that methane was also central to the greatest extinction of life thus far : the end-Permian extinction about 252 million years ago . Worse yet , whereas it was previously thought that significant amounts of permafrost would not melt , releasing its methane , until the planet 's temperature has risen several degrees Celsius , recent studies indicate that a rise of 1.5 degrees would be enough to start the melting . What can be done then ? Given the failure of political leaders to deal with the CO2 problem , it is now too late to prevent terrible developments . But it may -- just may -- be possible to keep global warming from bringing about the destruction of civilization . To have a chance , we must , as Hansen says , do everything possible to "  keep climate close to the Holocene range " -- which means , mobilize the whole world to replace dirty energy with clean as soon as possible .	Scientists and journalists are worried about the condition of the planet for their own children and grandchildren , writes David Ray Griffin The threat to civilization comes primarily from the increase of the level of carbon dioxide  CO2  in the atmosphere , he says Griffin : The burning of coal , oil , and natural gas has made the planet warmer than it had been since the rise of civilization 10,000 years ago The resulting threat of runaway global warming is not merely theoretical , he writes
CNN  -- He has entered the record books with his 600th round of golf this year , but retiree Richard Lewis is not finished yet . The 64-year-old American has walked some 2,500 miles and hit over 50,000 shots after reaching the milestone at the Four Seasons Resort in the Las Colinas region of Dallas , Texas on Sunday . The DeSoto , Dallas native has played as many as 54 holes in a day in 2010 , but made do with a regulation 18 to extend his world record for the number of rounds played in a year by an amateur . "  I thought 400 was tough and 500 was a stretch , but 600 was what I had in mind all the time , " he told the PGA Tour website after shooting an 86 . "  It 's a huge relief and sense of accomplishment . I ca n't remember the last time I did only 18 in a day . " Lewis ' feat has been recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records , which lists him as the world 's "  most avid golfer . " He had already beaten the previous record of 586 rounds in a year set in Ohio in 1998 , and hopes to reach 611 by New Years ' Eve . Lewis next wants to be recognized for playing 11,000 holes in a year , walking the same course 611 times in a year and playing 285 days consecutively to close out 2010 . Four Seasons ' members paid for the privilege of accompanying Lewis for his landmark round , with the $ 8,800 raised benefiting the First Tee of Dallas program -- a charity that helps young people through golf-related initiatives . Among them was the club 's men 's association president Frank Broyles , who thought it especially fitting that Lewis broke the record at the home of the Byron Nelson Championship , an annual tournament on the PGA Tour . "  To think this could have happened at any course in America and it happened here is just incredible , " he said . "  Byron  Nelson  always said , ` Be good to the game and give back ' and that 's what we 've done here today . " Lewis , the former president of an insurance company , set his sights on the record after retiring in 2009 , and claims to have lost 35 pounds and dropped four trouser sizes in making it a reality . His girlfriend Debbie Shaw has played some of 600 rounds alongside him , and spent others riding a cart as a spectator and acting as a photographer to document his achievement . "  One thing , he 's certainly found out what persistence is , " she said .	Richard Lewis listed as "  world 's most avid golfer " by Guinness World Records Texan has played up to 54 holes in a day this year on his way to world record The 64-year-old aims to complete 611 rounds by the end of 2010 at Four Seasons resort Members of his club paid to accompany Lewis on record-breaking 600th round on Sunday
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- The government of Myanmar said three bombs caused the deadly blasts that ripped through Yangon on Thursday , an action it calls a terrorist attack . At least 20 people have died and more than 70 others were wounded , a staff member at Yangon Hospital said . But the government says only eight have died and more than 90 others were wounded . The blasts occurred at 3 p.m. local time during a water festival , part of the New Year 's celebration taking place in Myanmar and other southeastern Asian countries . People toss water on each other as part of a cleansing ritual during the celebration . Myanmar , formerly called Burma , is under strict military rule and such blasts are rare . Yangon , Myanmar 's former capital and the country 's commercial hub , is generally a crime-free and calm city . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Government says says three explosions were act of terror NEW : Official death toll is 8 , but hospital says 20 were killed Crowds taking part in annual water festival Yangon is commercial hub of country under military rule
Since the early days of his first presidential run , Barack Obama made a pledge -- to talk directly with America 's enemies -- that most other politicians found naive . The approach famously drew snickers from Republicans and Democrats alike , who derided it as irresponsible -- a criticism that followed Obama into the White House . In the twilight of his administration , Obama 's Wednesday announcement on normalizing relations with Cuba represented his last best chance to turn this idea into a doctrine that outlives his presidency . "  Change is hard -- in our own lives , and in the lives of nations , " Obama said . "  Change is even harder when we carry the heavy weight of history on our shoulders . But today we are making these changes because it is the right thing to do . " The challenge for Obama has always been to turn lofty foreign policy concepts into concrete results . The administration is also working on a groundbreaking nuclear deal with Iran , which , like Cuba , has been estranged from the United States for decades . But those talks , while showing signs of progress , are n't complete and have been bogged down by details and domestic politics in both countries . Taken together , Obama 's approach to Cuba and Iran could decide whether he leaves the White House as a global statesman or as a president with unfulfilled big ideas . That dynamic is already playing out in the nascent 2016 presidential race . Republicans looking to retake the White House are slamming the Obama policy as reckless and say it leaves America less safe . Jeb Bush , a day after declaring he was exploring a 2016 run , called the move a "  dramatic overreach " of Obama 's executive authority . Marco Rubio branded the move as a "  dangerous and desperate attempt by the President to burnish his legacy at the Cuban people 's expense . " Anticipating fierce blowback against Obama 's moves , a senior administration official also stressed that the president would not tone down his calls for the protection of human rights and democratic development in Cuba . Soon after moving into the White House in 2009 , Obama instructed Hillary Clinton 's State Department to explore ways to promote an opening with Cuba , by then being led by Raul Castro . But the capture of US contractor Alan Gross a few months later put the process on hold . It was only when a deal was reached for the release of Gross on Wednesday , and a parallel swap of intelligence assets between the two sides , that the wider initiative to engage Cuba was unlocked . Mirroring his approach with his bid to end the 30-year standoff with Iran , Obama authorized a secret diplomatic track with the Cubans in the spring of 2013 , senior US officials said on condition of anonymity . The first of a sequence of face-to-face talks which addressed the full range of irritants between the two sides took place in Canada in June last year . The US delegation was led by Ben Rhodes , a speechwriter who has become one of Obama 's closest foreign policy confidants , and Ricardo Zuniga , the top National Security Council expert on Latin America . In retrospect , Obama 's handshake with Raul Castro at Nelson Mandela 's memorial service in South Africa a year ago might have offered a hint at the high stakes diplomacy going on behind the scenes . But Wednesday 's actions were clearly those of a president who , eying his legacy , with only two years left in office , is still chasing blockbuster political achievements that eluded his predecessors . "  This is a legacy grabbing moment , " Julia Sweig , an expert on Cuba at the Council on Foreign Relations told CNN . Carl Meacham , a Latin America scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies said the Cuba initiative had the potential to flesh out a presidential resume needing big wins . "  For a presidency that has at best modest achievements in the region ... to take the United States to the pathway of normalization is a clear legacy for Barack Obama , " he said . Obama 's presidency has in many ways often been a quest for the dramatic ` Nixon to China ' - style initiative -- from his early calls for the elimination of nuclear weapons , his request for a "  new beginning " with Muslim nations in his Cairo speech in 2009 and his drive for a nuclear deal with Iran . But often , Obama 's best intentions have been overtaken by chaotic global politics . The Arab Spring uprisings and subsequent authoritarian crackdowns and civil wars rendered his Cairo musings irrelevant . The rise of ISIS has challenged Obama 's claim to have ended the Iraq war and the fate of Afghanistan looks deeply uncertain following the end of NATO combat operations this month . Other initiatives have also fizzled , like the much heralded first term "  reset " of relations with Russia trashed by the return to the Kremlin of Vladimir Putin . Kerry 's Middle East peace drive has failed . Still , the U.S. effort to promote political change in Myanmar has been a success -- though is hung up on tricky questions of how much democracy the Southeast Asian nation 's military will permit . Cuba has the potential to bolster Obama 's reputation in the Western Hemisphere , where regional leaders had been piling on pressure for serious opening toward Havana . "  This president is going to get an enormous amount of support from most of the heads of government in Latin America , " said Sweig . The Cuba bombshell is also another indication of the growing geopolitical opportunities opening up for the Obama administration as global oil prices collapse . Cuba 's leaders may well have been more receptive to US advances , given the fact that Venezuela , its patron in the region is tanking along with energy prices . Another Cuban ally , Russia , is seeing its own economy slump for the same reason and analysts said Havana may have decided that its best hope for economic stability may lie in closer ties with its old enemy -- the United States -- in a twist of fate that gives Obama one more chance to make good on that promise he made back in 2007 .	Obama makes good on vow to engage US enemies Cuba offers hope to legacy needing big foreign policy wins Republicans accuse president of appeasing dictators
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A nonprofit consumer group said Thursday that it will sue Bayer HealthCare , alleging "  deceptive and irresponsible " advertising that contends selenium in two of its multivitamins may reduce men 's risk of prostate cancer . One A Day Men 's 50 + Advantage ads say selenium may cut men 's risk of prostate cancer , a consumer group says . The Center for Science in the Public Interest said it informed the multinational company of its intent Thursday . David Schardt , the center 's senior nutritionist , told reporters during a teleconference that the center already has filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission . "  We are standing behind all the claims we make in support of the products , " Trish McKernan , Bayer 's global spokeswoman , told CNN . "  The selenium claims are made by a -LSB- Food and Drug Administration -RSB- - approved qualified health claim . We regularly review the evidence , and we change our claims if necessitated . The emerging science has n't compelled us to change our claims , and the FDA claim is intact . " Bayer 's HealthCare division , based in Leverkusen , Germany , researches , manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products . Bayer promotes One A Day Men 's 50 + Advantage and One A Day Men 's Health Formula multivitamins on package labels , TV and radio ads and on its Web site . In its promotions , the company says "  emerging research " suggests that selenium might reduce the risk of prostate cancer , the center said . "  Did you know that there are more new cases of prostate cancer each year than any other cancer ? " according to one radio ad . "  Now there is something you can do . " Both dietary supplements contain 105 micrograms of the trace mineral selenium per daily dose , or about twice the Recommended Daily Allowance , which is 55 micrograms a day for adults , according to the center . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living "  It 's astounding that a company such as Bayer ... would make such deceptive claims , " the center 's litigation director , Steve Gardner , told reporters during the same teleconference . Supporting the center in its letter of complaint to the FTC are nine researchers , who wrote a separate letter to Mary Engle , associate director of advertising practices . Among the signees are medical professionals from the Harvard School of Public Health , American Cancer Society and University of Illinois at Chicago Division of Pathology Research . All agree there is scant evidence to support Bayer 's claim . A seven-year , $ 118 million study funded by the National Institutes of Health found last year that selenium does not prevent prostate cancer in healthy men , the center said . The Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial involving 35,000 U.S. and Canadian men was halted in October when researchers determined that selenium was not protecting the men from prostate cancer and may have been causing diabetes in some of them . According to the researchers in their letter supporting the FTC 's complaint , "  the federally financed study was the largest individually , randomized cancer prevention trial ever conducted , and , given its high rates of adherence and its statistical power , it is unlikely to have missed detecting a benefit of even a very modest size . " "  Bayer Healthcare is doing a disservice to men by misleading them about a protective role for selenium in prostate cancer , " they added . CNN 's Ann Curley contributed to this report .	Center for Science in the Public Interest plans to sue Bayer HealthCare Group says claims that ingredient in men 's vitamins may cut cancer risk are false Bayer spokeswoman : "  We are standing behind all the claims " NIH : Selenium does not prevent prostate cancer in healthy men
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FBI for the first time has placed an animal rights activist on the bureau 's "  Most Wanted Terrorists " list . Daniel Andreas San Diego is 31 years old and a "  strict vegan , " the FBI says . The FBI announced Tuesday the addition of Daniel Andreas San Diego to the list , hoping a burst of international publicity associated with the move will help investigators find him after six years on the run . San Diego , 31 , may appear to be out of place on a terrorist list with familiar names like al Qaeda 's Osama bin Laden , Ayman al-Zawahiri and Adam Yahiye Gadahn . The "  strict vegan , " according to the FBI , is charged with bombing two corporate offices in California in 2003 . The blasts caused extensive property damage but no deaths . Vegans eat no meat or any other food containing animal products . Authorities allege San Diego bombed facilities in Emeryville and Pleasanton , California , because he believed the Chiron and Shaklee Corporations had ties to animal-testing labs . The sophisticated homemade bombs had ammonium nitrate brand explosives and relied on "  kitchen timer style mechanical timer devices , " according to an FBI affidavit . After both bombings , e-mails from a group called "  The Revolutionary Cells-Liberation Brigade " claimed responsibility for the acts . Photographs of San Diego , who grew up in suburban San Francisco , California , show a well-groomed , bespectacled man . But the computer network specialist also sports several elaborate tattoos . According to an artist 's rendering of the body art , San Diego has one in the center of his chest of a burning hillside and the words "  It only takes a spark " in a typewriter-style font . An abdominal tattoo shows burning and collapsing buildings , while his back features a leafless tree rising from a road above buildings that are burning but still standing , the FBI says . Last year , agents pursued reports that San Diego was hiding in Costa Rica . They also received a report he was spotted in rural southern Virginia .	FBI is searching for animal rights activist Daniel Andreas San Diego Authorities allege San Diego bombed two facilities in California Computer network specialist sports several elaborate tattoos Reports have placed animal rights activist in Costa Rica , rural southern Virginia
CNN  -- The folks at Amazon and Google must have been wringing their hands on Monday when Apple CEO Steve Jobs showed off a new service called iTunes Match . That all-important "  one more thing " from Apple 's software presentation is part of the iCloud Web application and storage suite . It was a coup of sorts -- and Apple 's win over competitors could be attributed to Jobs ' experience at Pixar Animation Studios , which he co-founded . Here 's what Apple pulled off : With a free iCloud account , all songs purchased from iTunes can be accessed from any Apple gadget or computer with iTunes installed .  Amazon has done something similar with Cloud Drive . For $ 25 a year , iTunes in the Cloud stores a maximum of 25,000 songs on Apple 's servers , ready to access from various gizmos . And , importantly , Apple did this with the blessing of the music industry . Amazon and Google , on the other hand , could n't get the record labels to agree to their terms . Cloud Drive and Google 's Music Beta require users to upload every single track to their servers , a process that can take hours or days . Apple , the largest music retailer , somehow managed to convince the labels and publishers to go along with its plan to use a scan-and-match process . iTunes Match looks at the user 's music library and grants the keys to high-quality versions of those songs . It uses a do n't - ask-don ` t-tell policy : Napster who ? How did Apple pull off something Amazon and Google could n't , despite them launching cloud-music services first ? For one , Apple has a history with the music industry as long as any technology company 's . "  It 's really hard to get the labels to give you the rights that you need , " Jobs said in a 2003 interview at the first All Things Digital conference . "  And I do n't see them sprinkling those rights around everywhere , letting a thousand flowers grow quite yet . " In that interview eight years ago , Jobs described the vast divide between technology and entertainment executives , and he talked about how he bridged it . "  One of the things I learned at Pixar is the technology industries and the content industries do not understand each other , " he said . "  In Silicon Valley and at most technology companies , I swear that most people still think the creative process is a bunch of guys in their early 30s , sitting on a couch , drinking beer and thinking of jokes . No , they really do . That 's how television is made , they think ; that 's how movies are made . " Likewise , record executives ca n't relate to technical people , Jobs said . "  People in Hollywood and in the content industries , they think technology is something you just write a check for and buy , " Jobs said . "  They do n't understand the creative element of technology . "  These are like ships passing in the night , " the Apple co-founder added . Music execs also may have seen Google as an enemy because its search engine is a popular place to find websites serving pirated albums , according to an article in the Hollywood Reporter . For the ribbon-cutting of the iTunes Store in 2003 , Apple broke through the barriers with a list of predictions , Jobs said . Apple executives provided the record labels with a glimpse into their crystal ball , and nine months later , Jobs ' team was getting calls from the music companies , he said . "  The record companies , the most important thing they do is not distribute music , " Jobs said . "  It 's picking which of 500 people are going to be the next Sheryl Crow . That 's what they do . And some of them do it quite well . And it 's an intuitive process . There 's not enough data . " Hey , Sheryl Crow , remember her ? "  It 's not surprising that they did n't understand Napster , " Jobs said . "  It 's not surprising that they did n't understand that distributing their content over the Internet was the next big wave . " Because technology companies treat record labels like clearing houses for content , Silicon Valley bigwigs have trouble getting through the door , Jobs suggested . So it was perhaps Jobs ' expertise from Pixar , during his exodus period from Apple , that has given him the edge to secure risky deals with entertainment giants first .	Apple is the first big tech company to secure cloud music storage deals The record companies may have taken a bet on Apple because of their history together Steve Jobs said technology companies do n't see eye to eye with entertainment execs
CNN  As expected , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave a rousing speech to Congress , rich in historic imagery and replete with literary references . Yet a speech filled with powerful words is no substitute for a strategy for actually preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . As national security adviser Susan Rice told the pro-Israel lobbying group AIPAC on Monday , "  Precisely because this is such a serious issue , we must weigh the different options before us and choose the best one . Sound bites wo n't stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon . " The Obama administration , on the other hand , is making a strong and credible case that the deal it is pursuing would block Iran 's pathways to developing the fissile material necessary for a bomb and extend the time for Iran to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to build a bomb from today 's estimated three months to at least a year . Without a deal , Iran would revert to building up its stockpile of nuclear uranium , while the international community would lose the ability to monitor and track Iran 's activities . At the top of the list of questions the Prime Minister failed to address is how such a scenario in the wake of "  no deal " would actually make Israel safer ? As Rice said : "  Here 's what 's likely to happen without a deal . Iran will install and operate advanced centrifuges . Iran will seek to fuel its  plutonium  reactor in Arak . Iran will rebuild its uranium stockpile . And , we 'll lose the unprecedented inspections and transparency we have today . " If no deal that the United States and five other powers actually might strike with the Iranians would be acceptable to Netanyahu , how does he propose to deal with the Iranian nuclear threat ? He spoke about ratcheting up international sanctions against Iran and keeping them in place until Iran ceased regional aggression , sponsorship of terrorism and threatens to annihilate Israel . But years of extraordinarily tough sanctions did not persuade the Iranians to abandon their nuclear program or prevent them moving it forward . Neither did cyberwarfare or a series of assassinations of Iranian scientists . And if the United States was seen as walking away from a possible agreement , the international sanctions regime would likely crumble , not strengthen . Iranian hard-liners who oppose an agreement would be back in the driver 's seat in Tehran , while those would want to see Iran rejoin the international community would be discredited and sidelined . It is doubtful that Netanyahu really believes sanctions would end the Iranian nuclear program . That leaves one other option -- military force . Of course , Israel could order a military strike on Iran any time it chooses , but Israel 's ability to inflict significant damage on Iran 's widely dispersed and heavily defended nuclear facilities is limited . When the discussion turns to military action , what is really meant is U.S. military action . It is understandable that a foreign leader speaking in the U.S. Congress would shy away from openly asking Washington to attack another country , especially after the experience of the 2003 invasion of Iraq , which Netanyahu also lobbied for . We should recall Netanyahu 's September 2002 testimony to the House Foreign Affairs Committee , six months before the U.S. assault on Baghdad began , when he said : "  It 's not a question of whether Iraq 's regime should be taken out but when should it be taken out ; it 's not a question of whether you 'd like to see a regime change in Iran but how to achieve it . " Netanyahu may have learned from that experience . He knows that the U.S. public is weary of war and has no appetite for another military adventure in the Middle East . That 's why he advocates policies that would put the United States on a path to military action without mentioning the words "  military action . " This Israeli leader , who faces a tough election back home in two weeks , has mastered the art of policy vagueness . He applied the same strategy to the failed negotiations with the Palestinians last year , declaring he was in favor of a two-state solution but never putting forward a detailed proposal for where the border should be drawn -- or on any other substantive issue for that matter . His biggest demand once again was rhetorical -- that the Palestinians recognize Israel as a Jewish state . This is an Israeli leader who believes in the power of words -- especially his words . But words are no substitute for a strategy -- and that 's where Netanyahu once again failed himself , his country and his audience .	Jeremy Ben-Ami : Netanyahu 's powerfully worded speech is no substitute for a strategy to keep Iran from getting nuclear weapons He says without a plan , the only option is to put U.S. on path to military action Netanyahu also lobbied for Iraq invasion in 2002 , Ben-Ami says
Editor 's note : Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , the former lieutenant governor of Maryland and daughter of late U.S. Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , is a former U.S. deputy assistant attorney general and serves on the board of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence . She is a Democrat . Paul Helmke , the former mayor of Fort Wayne , Indiana , is a Republican and president of the Brady Campaign . Kathleen Kennedy Townsend says the bloody Mexican drug war is being fueled by American guns . CNN  -- America 's neighbor to the south is engaged in a bloody war with ruthless drug cartels . It is a war that is threatening to bring down the government of Mexico , is spilling over into neighborhoods in the United States and is fast becoming a serious national security concern . American gun sellers supply the cartels with 95 to 100 percent of their guns , according to the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . While the Mexican drug war has the media and Washington abuzz , there has been little mention of our role in supplying the terrorists : We need to realize that the Mexican drug cartels are arming themselves here because our gun laws have loopholes so large that criminals and gun traffickers can easily drive gun-laden trucks through them . Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora correctly called American gun laws "  absurd . " This crisis is not happening because our border is loose . It is happening because our gun laws allow guns to be sold by unlicensed sellers without background checks required by the Brady Bill , military-style assault weapons to be freely sold and corrupt gun dealers to thrive . We need to prevent Mexican criminals and the traffickers who supply them from buying guns by changing our gun laws and strengthening U.S. law enforcement 's ability to crack down on corrupt gun dealers . Although it is urgent that we help stem the violence in Mexico , we must realize that the same legal loopholes and corrupt gun sellers that help arm Mexican criminals also arm American criminals . We should heed the call of Mexican officials to help stop the violence there , but we also should heed the call of the vast majority of Americans to stop the violence in their communities . Proposals from Washington have ignored these central points , instead focusing on border issues , enforcement of current laws and a possible federal ban on assault weapons . Though helpful , those proposals do not address some other fundamental weaknesses of our gun laws . If we want to help the Mexican people and our own , we must eliminate the loopholes and gaps in federal law that allow guns to be sold without Brady background checks by unlicensed sellers . The ATF has found that gun sales without background checks are a major source for supplying dangerous people with guns . Under current federal law , only gun sales by a federally licensed gun dealer are subject to Brady background checks . "  Private sales " by unlicensed sellers do n't require a background check . At gun shows -- sort of like flea markets for firearms -- so-called private sellers sell guns to anyone , no questions asked , except in states that have closed this loophole under state law . Texas and Arizona continue to allow private sellers to sell without background checks , and gun shows in those states are one of the sources of guns recovered in Mexico . Mexican drug cartels are exploiting this loophole . We all agree that criminals should not be allowed to buy guns . We should also agree that all gun sellers should check to make sure they are not arming criminals . There is more we should do . We must get rid of the riders , known collectively as the Tiahrt Amendment , attached annually to Justice Department appropriations legislation since 2004 . These riders weaken enforcement of our laws by prohibiting the ATF from releasing gun crime gun data to law enforcement and others , prohibiting the ATF from requiring gun dealer inventory audits and requiring the destruction of critical Brady background check records within only 24 hours . We also should further strengthen the ATF by making it easier to revoke the licenses of reckless dealers , give it the power to suspend licenses and levy civil penalties , and eliminate the bizarre restriction that limits the ATF to only one spot inspection of a gun dealer per year . In addition to strengthening the ATF 's enforcement power , we need to attack gun trafficking at its source by limiting the high-volume gun sales that fuel trafficking from licensed dealers . Under federal law , there is no limit to how many handguns or assault weapons a purchaser can buy at a time , allowing gun traffickers to quickly amass guns suitable for an army . Every year , 30,000 Americans are killed with guns , but all too often , Washington has ignored the pleas of the vast majority of Americans calling for sanity in our gun laws . Politicians frequently echo the gun lobby refrain to only "  enforce the laws on the books , " refusing to admit that there are very few laws on the books . But the Mexican drug war has upped the ante . Now that our weak gun laws threaten the stability of an important ally , fueling one of our nation 's most ominous global security threats , the question is whether we will strengthen our gun laws to protect Mexicans , and Americans , or whether we will cater to the extremist gun lobby . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Kennedy Townsend and Paul Helmke .	Townsend , Helmke : U.S. guns are helping fuel the Mexican drug war They say U.S. should close loophole letting guns be sold without background check They say Congress should drop limits on federal release of gun data Townsend , Helmke : U.S. should strengthen powers of federal firearms agency
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama took a key step in cementing his judicial legacy Monday , nominating Solicitor General Elena Kagan to replace retiring Justice John Paul Stevens on the Supreme Court . If confirmed , the 50-year-old Kagan will become the 112th Supreme Court justice . She would be the third woman on the nine-member bench and the fourth in the history of the court . At its discretion , the court decides cases on the Constitution or federal law that may begin in federal or state courts . Her confirmation also would mean that the Supreme Court would have no Protestant justices for the first time in its history . Kagan , who is Jewish , would join six Catholic and two Jewish justices ; Stevens is Protestant . Kagan , a native New Yorker , was widely reported to be the front-runner for the nomination . She was a finalist for the high court vacancy last year , when Justice Sonia Sotomayor was selected to replace the retiring David Souter . Kagan received her law degree from Harvard University , where she later served as dean of the law school . She served in the Clinton administration as associate White House counsel . Fast Facts : Elena Kagan Kagan is a "  trailblazing leader " who is "  open to a broad array of viewpoints " and is a proven "  consensus builder , " Obama said at the White House . "  While we ca n't presume to replace Justice Stevens ' wisdom or experience , I have selected a nominee who I believe embodies that same excellence , independence , integrity and passion for the law , and who can ultimately provide that same kind of leadership on the court . " Kagan , in turn , said she was "  honored " and "  humbled " by what she called "  the honor of a lifetime . " "  The court is an extraordinary institution in the work it does and the work it can do for the American people , " she said . It enables "  all Americans , regardless of their background or their beliefs , to get a fair hearing and an equal chance at justice . " Obama did not have to look far when considering Kagan . As solicitor general , she is the administration 's top lawyer before the Supreme Court and has argued several high-profile cases before the justices since taking the job in spring 2009 . She also helps prepare legal briefs for cases the Justice Department argues before the Supreme Court . That work wo n't stop immediately with her nomination to the high court . "  She will continue to work on matters with which she has been dealing , but will not participate in any new matters , " said a senior government official familiar with Kagan 's plans . Kagan is expected to abstain from participation in cases on which she has worked that may come before the high court next term , the official said . She was confirmed for her current job by a 61-31 vote . While most Republicans ultimately voted against her at the time , Sen. Orrin Hatch , a top Republican on the Judiciary Committee , called her "  a brilliant woman . " Jeffrey Toobin on his former law school classmate Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said Monday that Kagan is a "  superb nominee " who is "  the best this country can offer . " "  She will be confirmed , " he predicted . He dismissed likely GOP criticism of the choice , saying Obama "  could nominate Moses the lawgiver " and still face Republican opposition . Hatch , in turn , promised in a statement Monday to examine Kagan 's "  entire record to understand her judicial philosophy . " "  My conclusion will be based on evidence , not blind faith , " he said . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , reacted to the nomination by citing a traditional GOP concern with "  activist " judges appointed by Democratic presidents . Another top Republican , however , indicated that the Senate GOP would probably not try to block a vote on Kagan 's nomination . "  The only reason she would be filibustered is if members come to believe she could not put aside her own personal views on cases in which she wanted to see a particular outcome rather than decide the case on the basis of the facts and the law , " Arizona Sen. Jon Kyl said . Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , the senior Republican on the Judiciary Committee , said Monday that Kagan 's confirmation hearings could wrap up by early August , but noted the timing depends on the White House 's willingness to work with the GOP . Republicans may try to use Kagan 's own words against her in pushing for greater specificity on her views during her confirmation hearings . In 1995 , she dismissed the hearing process as a "  vapid and hollow charade . " Kagan 's position on gays in the military is virtually certain to generate controversy during her confirmation hearings . She has been strongly criticized by conservatives for her efforts to block military recruiters from Harvard because of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The policy , enacted during the Clinton administration but opposed by Obama , prohibits homosexuals from serving openly in the armed forces . While serving as dean at Harvard Law , Kagan said she "  abhorred " the military 's "  discriminatory recruitment policy . " She called it "  a profound wrong -- a moral injustice of the first order . " Also in the spotlight will be Kagan 's views on the politically hot-button issue of campaign finance reform . She was the government 's lead attorney in arguing against a 5-4 Supreme Court decision in January that eased long-standing restrictions on campaign spending by corporations and unions in federal elections . A number of conservatives praised the ruling as a victory for First Amendment free speech rights ; most Democrats blasted it , arguing that it will tilt the political landscape favor of Republicans and traditional GOP allies in the business community . Some liberal organizations have expressed concern over Kagan 's views on executive power . As chief defender of the administration 's anti-terrorism strategy , Kagan has articulated a more robust defense of the White House than many civil rights and human rights groups would like . Vincent Warren , head of the left-leaning Center for Constitutional Rights , said Kagan 's record "  indicates a troubling support for expanding presidential powers , something we must be vigilant about at this time . " "  President Obama would appear to be seeking to appoint a Supreme Court Judge who will endorse his policies and appease conservatives , " he argued . "  This is not the way to make a decision that will affect our nation for decades to come . " Observers on both sides of the political aisle have noted that Kagan has a relatively short paper trail compared to other recent Supreme Court nominees . Kagan grew up in a Jewish household on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . She went to Princeton University and Harvard Law School . She served as a law clerk for federal judge Abner Mikva and then for Justice Thurgood Marshall on the high court . Marshall affectionately called the diminutive Kagan "  Shorty . " Kagan later went into teaching , starting at the University of Chicago , where one of the part-time faculty was Obama . President Clinton later named Kagan associate White House counsel and then appointed her to the influential Domestic Policy Council , where she earned a reputation for articulate and well-reasoned statements on tricky political issues . Clinton picked her in 1999 for the powerful U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit . But no Senate confirmation hearings were held , and the nomination lapsed . The seat was later filled by John Roberts , who quickly used the appointment as a springboard to chief justice . Named Harvard 's dean in 2003 , Kagan earned a reputation for soothing longstanding tensions over a perceived liberal tilt to the faculty and curriculum . She began pushing for the appointment of conservative professors , including Jack Goldsmith , who had been a lawyer in President George W. Bush 's Justice Department . Such hires eased ideological unrest on the Harvard campus . CNN 's Bill Mears , Alan Silverleib , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Kagan hearings could wrap up by early August , GOP senator says Republicans promise close look at Kagan 's record ; one says filibuster unlikely Kagan has argued several high-profile cases before the Supreme Court Conservative critics say she is too inexperienced to serve on the high court
CNN  -- A week after students seized Taiwan 's legislative building over a controversial trade deal with China , Taiwan 's president Ma Ying-jeou agreed to meet with protest leaders to help end the standoff and allow the legislature to get back on track , a spokesperson for the president 's office said . Ma is willing to invite representatives of the movement to his office "  without any preconditions , " Li Jia-fei , a spokesperson for the president 's office said Tuesday in a statement . Hundreds of protesters , many of them university students , have been camped out in the Legislative Yuan 's main assembly hall since March 18 , over a service trade pact that they say could harm Taiwan 's economy and allow China to exert greater influence over the island . Thousands more have gathered outside the building , according to organizers . At a press conference on Tuesday night , student leader Lin Fei-fan responded to the president 's invitation , saying the protesters agreed that no preconditions should be set for the meeting . But , he added , the students wanted to discuss whether Taiwan needed new legislation to monitor all cross-strait agreements , and whether the service trade pact with China should be delayed until that legislation is introduced . On Wednesday , Lin said the students were rejecting the president 's invitation for now as it failed to include a fixed date or time for the talks , or concrete content for discussion . He told CNN that the protesters inside the Legislative Yuan had no plans to leave . "  We are willing to talk , but we really hope to see the president express sincerity , " Lin said in a statement on his Facebook page . The president 's office confirmed to CNN that the students had not yet accepted the invitation . Taiwan signed the service trade pact with China , its biggest trade partner in June last year , but it is yet to be ratified . The agreement will open up 80 of China 's service sectors to Taiwan and 64 of Taiwan 's service sectors to China , including tourism , transport , construction and telecommunications . A review of the deal was delayed in Taiwan 's legislature until March 17 , when Taiwan 's ruling party Kuomintang pushed the pact forward without bipartisan deliberation . The main opposition said that this move broke an agreement that all legislators would consider the deal one clause at a time . Protesters , who claimed negotiations over the deal were opaque and undemocratic , broke into the legislative building in Taipei the next day , demanding that the pact be scrapped . The demonstration has been mostly peaceful , but tensions boiled over late Sunday , when a group of protesters stormed the nearby executive building . More than 100 people were injured when riot police armed with wooden batons and shields evicted the protesters and dispersed the crowd using water cannon . Hours before the scuffle , Taiwan 's president defended the deal in his first public address to the protests . Calling on the protesters to adhere to the rule of law , Ma said the pact would create jobs for young people and that without regional economic integration , Taiwan would be left behind . Student leader Lin Fei-fan , speaking to CNN by phone from inside the legislature building Monday , criticized the pact . He claimed the deal would allow China to invest in "  sensitive and core industries " including those associated with press freedom , such as publishing and advertising . Taiwan split from mainland China in 1949 following the Chinese Civil War , but Beijing still considers it a breakaway province , and has warned that any formal declaration of independence could lead to military intervention . However , cross-strait ties have improved since Ma took office in 2008 , and recent high-level talks between the two sides have been hailed as a sign of thawing relations . On Monday , a spokesperson for the U.S. State Department , Marie Harf told reporters that the United States has welcomed steps by Taiwan and China to reduce tensions and improve relations , and hopes that talks over the trade deal can be conducted "  peacefully and civilly . " "  We certainly support Taiwan 's vibrant democracy , which allows for this kind of robust political dialogue , " Harf said . The protests have garnered widespread support among Taiwanese living abroad . Rallies are being held in at least 10 countries , including Australia , Canada , France , Italy , Japan , South Korea , the United Kingdom and the United States . CNN 's Esther Pang , Karen Chiu and Zoe Li contributed to this report .	Taiwan 's president invites protest leaders to discuss end to political crisis Protesters have not yet accepted Ma 's invitation Students have been occupying Taiwan 's legislative building since March 18 Movement opposes Chinese trade pact ; wants more transparency in cross-strait deals
CNN  An 8-foot spirit rock outside a South Carolina high school has a bright , new message of solidarity after students replaced a racist message left by a vandal . Less than a week after a judge in Rock Hill righted a wrong of the Jim Crow era , someone used white spray paint to scrawl "  Happy N *** er Month KKK " on the rock outside the city 's South Pointe High School , an apparent reference to the start of Black History Month . The crime likely happened overnight Saturday . A school employee noticed the vandalism Sunday , according to a police incident report , and a maintenance worker quickly painted over the graffiti . Art students at the school then grabbed brushes and cans of paint to make a point . By Monday , three students had painted the Earth over a rainbow backdrop with yellow handprints and the words "  WE ARE ALL " and a large equal sign on the rock . "  I wanted the students to stop texting and tweeting and blogging that image , " said visual arts teacher Ashley Beard . "  We wanted to replace it with something positive . " Rock Hill police officers reviewed school surveillance video but it was so "  dark and grainy , " they were not able to identify any potential suspects in the vandalism , Capt. Mark Bollinger said . "  While the district is disappointed in the actions of those who painted the rock , we will not let them take from us our joy or success in the progress our community has made , and will continue to make , in racial relations , " according to a statement posted on the Rock Hill School District 's Facebook page . Just days earlier , the Rock Hill community honored members of the Friendship Nine , who led a protest during the civil rights era . A judge erased their convictions , related to a 1961 sit-in at a segregated lunch counter . Judge tosses ` Friendship Nine ' convictions The men were convicted of trespassing and ordered to pay a $ 100 fine or spend 30 days at a work camp . "  Kids all over the country were going to school -- demonstrating in the afternoon , after school , in the mornings , and then being arrested , then paying the fine and we were n't making any progress , " Friendship Nine member Clarence Graham told CNN . All but one of the students from Friendship College opted for the jail time . "  So ` jail , no bail ' gave us an opportunity to be arrested , spend the 30 days in jail without paying the money . In so doing , it would help keep the money in our treasury and not swell the treasury of the city and the county , " Graham said . "  After that , it caught on . By summer , you had kids from all over the country filling the jailhouses up , " Graham said . After writing a book about the Friendship Nine , a local children 's author urged 16th Circuit Solicitor Kevin Brackett to seek a pardon for the men . "  A pardon is an act of forgiveness , but what these guys needed was not forgiveness . What these guys needed was justice , " Brackett said . "  Justice served is the greatest interest of man on earth , " Judge John C. Hayes III said about his move to officially vacate the convictions . Hayes is the nephew of the judge who presided over the case . "  We can not rewrite history , but we can right history , " Hayes said .	Vandal or vandals painted racial slur on rock in front of South Carolina high school Art students paint a message of equality over remnants of message It 's the same community that recently honored those cleared in injustice
CNN  -- I 'm crossing the Damaraland desert of northern Namibia on foot -- a few hundred kilometers -- clutching my "  bear banger . " This device looks like a pen and fits in my pocket . Triggered , it will explode with a loud bang , scaring animals without harming them . I 'm with my guide , Lloyd Camp , on the trail of the elusive black rhino in one of the few truly wild places left in the world . "  The worst thing we could do is to run away from an animal -- we 'll be finished , " Lloyd warns me . Tragedy of the rhino Driven to the brink of extinction , the black rhino 's story is one of the most tragic wildlife crimes . Due to poaching , 92 % of the population has been wiped out over the past 30 years , and there are now just 5,055 left in the world . These numbers are an improvement , however , from the lowest point of 2,500 in the 1980s and are thanks to conservation efforts and , perhaps surprisingly , tourism . Firstly , in the early 1980s , Save the Rhino Trust  SRT  was formed to offer poachers a more secure livelihood as wildlife rangers . In 2003 , SRT partnered with Wilderness Safaris , an eco-tourism operator . Their common vision was to view the rhino discreetly . By accommodating tourists willing to pay money to track rhinos on foot , they provided employment for locals and income for monitoring and research . After 30 years of work and 10 years of responsible tourism , rhino numbers increased fivefold . Desert tracking Damaraland is now home to the largest concentration of black rhino on Earth . The green crowns of ana trees dot the brown palette of the landscape , carrying thick , curled reddish brown fruits that desert elephants love . Hours-old footprints of a bull elephant give us our first tracking opportunity . We eventually catch up to him as he 's eating from the thorny branches of an ana tree . Waves of emotions rush through me as we stop and stand still . He knows we 're here . The encounter has begun . "  He 's not bothered by us , " Lloyd whispers to me . "  It 's a respectful sighting , the type that I really enjoy . " The next day at 6 a.m. the rangers and I leave Wilderness Safaris ' Desert Rhino Camp . After an hour 's drive we see fresh rhino tracks on a riverbed and follow on foot . Tracking soon becomes difficult , as there are no footsteps anymore , just rocks that have been moved . Finding them is an exercise in mindfulness . Tracking epitomizes abilities that humans have almost completely lost : to read the landscape and be aware of its smallest details . As they walk , the rangers wave their hands as if in an ancient dance : open hands , palm forward , indicating each track or to inform others of a new direction . Nobody talks , just a gentle whistle to attract attention . Then we find fresh dung . One of the rangers , Martin Nawaseb , squats to check its temperature . It 's still hot . Feeling close , we increase our pace and come to view a riverbed . The rhino is there , grazing . He raises his head toward us ; he knows something 's up . Keeping ourselves at a distance , we sit in silence and enjoy the tranquil landscape . Martin writes down the GPS position in his logbook . Tracking is an effective way to understand animal behavior . The importance of pride Rangers in Damaraland are proud of their job and the community looks up at people like Martin . "  Poaching is essentially not an issue anymore in Namibia because conservation efforts put local communities at the center , " says Jeff Muntifering , a scientific advisor at SRT . "  It 's become socially unacceptable ; poachers are viewed as stealing from the community . " He says in Mozambique it 's the opposite : poachers crossing the border to kill animals in South Africa are considered Robin Hoods , risking their lives to bring back to the community the little money paid by international syndicates trading in illegal ivory . How to keep it going While examples like STR in Namibia and tourism ventures such as the Rhino Desert Camp are the success stories of conservation , their effectiveness is being threatened again by a recent surge in poaching . Fueled by a growing demand for rhino horn in Asia , 1,004 rhino were killed in 2013 , up from 668 killed in 2012 and just 13 killed in 2007 . In response to these alarming figures , 46 countries agreed in London earlier this year on a declaration to tackle wildlife crimes . The hope is that this is the turning point for the fight against poaching .	Poaching has wiped out 92 % of black rhino population in the last 30 years Conservation agencies have partnered with eco-tourism operators Tourists can track rhino on foot with professional guides Rhino numbers have increased but are under threat again from recent surge in poaching
Washington  CNN  -- They say you always remember your first . That 's why , as election results pour in Tuesday night , Rick Santorum will be ready with a fully-charged cell phone and a spreadsheet loaded with names and numbers of Republican candidates to call as soon as their victories -- or defeats -- are announced . "  We 'll be hitting the phones , " Santorum told CNN . "  I 'm one of the folks who calls either way . Sometimes it 's more important to call the folks who did n't win than it is the folks who did because the folks who did get a lot of calls and the folks who did n't do n't get many . " For the possible 2016 hopefuls , Election Night calls are about much more than who controls the Senate . This is an early  $ " and important  $ " opportunity to build relationships with candidates at all levels of politics who might come in handy should they decide to campaign for the White House . Beyond just being a kind gesture , Election Night calls are an opportunity to subtly remind candidates -- especially those in early-voting states such as Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina -- of their support . In Santorum 's case , his effort wo n't stop with top-of-the-ballot governors or congressional races , either . His aides plan to monitor state and local races online throughout Iowa , such the State Auditor and Agriculture Secretary elections , so he can be one of the first to be in touch . He 's hardly alone . Kentucky GOP Sen. Rand Paul , one of the most dogged campaign travelers this cycle , will spend Tuesday night at an event in Louisville for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and other statewide candidates . Doug Stafford , a Paul adviser , will be at his side and will have cell phone numbers ready to dial . "  We will call a bunch but will also probably end up talking to more over the subsequent days when they have time to take a breath , " Stafford told CNN . "  It has been my experience the most difficult time to reach anyone is on their election night . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie plans to be in his home state on Election Night with the numbers handy for every GOP gubernatorial candidate on the ballot this year . He 's kept an ambitious campaigning and fundraising schedule this year in his role as the chairman of the Republican Governors Association . For their part , representatives for Democratic presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden would n't detail their Election Night plans , although both have invested time on the trail campaigning for their party candidates . Other prominent Republicans will stay busy even if they 're not going to such great lengths as Santorum 's phone call spreadsheet . Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , the GOP 's 2012 vice presidential candidate , will keep tabs on the election results with local candidates and supporters in Burlington . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal will spend the night in Baton Rouge . Meanwhile , in Texas , there will be plenty of 2016 intrigue at a gathering to celebrate Greg Abbott 's expected win in the governor 's race . That party , at the Moody Theater in Austin , will attract three possible 2016 White House contenders Cruz , Perry and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush under one roof . The election night phone call tradition , of course , is just a small part of the effort that goes into fostering goodwill for presidential contenders . Many potential 2016ers , including Paul , Santorum , Jindal , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , have logged tens of thousands of miles supporting candidates this election cycle . Those efforts kicked into hyper-drive in final days of campaign season . Christie , for instance , stumped in 15 states in the last week of the race . Over the weekend , Santorum traveled to Kansas , Texas , North Carolina and Iowa , where his advocacy organization , Patriot Voices , bussed in volunteers to knock on doors for candidates in the first-in-the-nation caucus state . Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio went to to Iowa to promote Senate candidate Joni Ernst and others . And Cruz hoofed it to Alaska to support Republican Senate candidate Dan Sullivan . They 're betting that it will all be worth the effort when the presidential primary season begins in earnest , a time when each contender will be making a very different round of phone calls $ " asking for support for their own campaigns .	Rick Santorum will call candidates across the country when their races are decided Election Night phone calls are an opportunity to shore up support for future campaigns
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran has sentenced a former U.S. Marine to death , accusing him of espionage . A court convicted Amir Mirzaei Hekmati of "  working for an enemy country , " as well as membership in the CIA and "  efforts to accuse Iran of involvement in terrorism , " the semi-official Fars news agency reported Monday . Hekmati 's family and the U.S. government deny the allegations . The sentence came down five months after Hekmati 's arrest . The news came amid rising tensions between the United States and Iran . The International Atomic Energy Agency confirmed Monday that uranium enrichment has begun at a nuclear facility in northern Iran . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was on a visit to Venezuela , where President Hugo Chavez said the two of them were working together to stop the "  imperial insanity " of the United States . Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA , on its English website , said the court found Hekmati "  caught red-handed in armed struggle against God " and "  corrupt on Earth . " "  In the proceedings Hekmati said he had the motivation to infiltrate  the  Iranian intelligence system on behalf of the CIA , " the IRNA report said . Hekmati 's parents said they were "  shocked and terrified " by the news . "  We believe that this verdict is the result of a process that was neither transparent nor fair , " Behnaz Hekmati wrote in a statement on behalf of herself and her husband , Ali . "  Amir did not engage in any acts of spying , or ` fighting against God , ' as the convicting judge has claimed in his sentence . Amir is not a criminal . His very life is being exploited for political gain , " the statement said . "  A grave error has been committed , and we have authorized our legal representatives to make direct contact with the Iranian authorities to find a solution to this misunderstanding . We pray that Iran will show compassion and not murder our son , Amir , a natural born American citizen , who was visiting Iran and his relatives for the first time . " The statement also said Iran was denying that Amir is a U.S. citizen . The U.S. State Department said it was working to confirm the reports about the sentence . Colleague , family : Iranian-American no spy "  If true , we strongly condemn this verdict , " said department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . "  Allegations that Mr. Hekmati either worked for or was sent to Iran by the CIA are simply untrue . The Iranian regime has a history of falsely accusing people of being spies , of eliciting forced confessions , and of holding innocent Americans for political reasons . " The department urged Iran "  to grant the Swiss protecting power immediate access to Mr. Hekmati , grant him access to legal counsel , and release him without delay . " In the absence of diplomatic relations between the United States and Iran , Switzerland serves as the "  protecting power " for U.S. interests in the country . Previously , Hekmati 's family members said he was being represented by a government-appointed lawyer , despite their repeated efforts to hire a private lawyer for him . Hekmati was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives , his family in Michigan said last month . The Hekmatis said their son served in the Marines from 2001 to 2005 . Later , he started his own linguistics company and contracted his services to the military as well as civilian businesses . Ahmadinejad visits Venezuela His military contracts included cultural competency training . He worked with troops at military bases to promote understanding and positive communication with people of other cultures , his family said . Fars reported that Hekmati said he worked for the U.S. Army for four years and later the CIA , where he was sent to Afghanistan and had access to secret documents . Fars also reported that Hekmati told a judge he worked for the CIA and that he was to be paid for delivering information to Iran 's Intelligence Ministry . He was supposed to give his information to the Iranians in two parts -- the first part for free , and if they liked it , he would ask for $ 500,000 for the second part , the news agency said . Hekmati said he was to get a receipt from the ministry for the money , Fars reported . The judge speculated whether the receipt would later be used as evidence linking Iran to terrorist activities , the news agency said . If Iran had paid , Hekmati told the judge , he would have kept the money and lived in Iran , according to Fars . Iran 's notorious secretive trials have been assailed by human rights groups and governments around the globe . The U.S. State Department 's annual human rights report on Iran says the court system is , in practice , "  corrupt and subject to political influence . " And while the country 's constitution provides a defendant the right to a public trial , presumption of innocence , and a lawyer of his or her choice , "  These rights were not respected in practice . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday the United States takes the situation surrounding Hekmati "  very seriously and we are addressing it in the appropriate manner . " Asked specifically about what actions the U.S. government might take on Hekmati 's behalf , he referred to the State Department statement . Carney noted that the United States and other Western nations have sanctioned Tehran over its failure to cooperate on nuclear issues . "  We are putting a great deal of pressure on Iran broadly because of its rogue behavior , " Carney said , adding that Iran "  wo n't live up to its international obligations with regards to its nuclear program . " Hekmati is the latest in a series of Americans to face arrest in the country in recent years . Three U.S. hikers , also accused of spying , were arrested in 2009 and ultimately released . Sarah Shourd was freed on medical grounds in 2010 ; Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer were freed in September 2011 . Journalist Roxana Saberi was arrested in January 2009 and convicted of espionage in a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She was freed in May that year . Reza Taghavi , an Iranian-American retired businessman , was freed by Iran in 2010 after being held more than two years on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group , his lawyer said . Iranian-American Kian Tajbakhsh was among many people arrested in July 2009 , amid post-election protests and a massive government crackdown . Exactly what he was convicted of was not clear . In March the next year , he was allowed temporary release within the country to celebrate the Persian New Year . That temporary release was later extended , according to the website freekian09.org , which works for his release . CNN 's Josh Levs , Azadeh Ansari and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	White House : The U.S. takes the matter "  very seriously " An Iranian court finds Amir Hekmati "  corrupt on Earth , " state media say He was arrested in August while visiting relatives Prosecutors allege he was hired to deliver information to Iran
New Delhi  CNN  India and the United States , the two largest democracies , seem like natural allies . The kinship between their leaders , however , has been a bit of a surprise . There are , of course , the obvious perceptual differences : President Barack Obama studied law at Harvard , relishes golf and prefers his suits sober , in dark gray or navy blue . Prime Minister Narendra Modi had a modest education , swears by yoga and readily wears flamboyant hats depicting India 's diverse heritage . And then there 's the small matter of paperwork : Modi was a pariah in the United States just one year ago , his visa revoked over his handling of riots in 2002 , when he was chief minister of the state of Gujarat . But what a difference a year -- and a big electoral victory -- makes . When President Obama arrives in New Delhi on Sunday , he will have met Modi four times in five months : at the White House , at the East Asia Summit in Myanmar , at the G20 Summit in Australia and now in India . The latest visit is the most significant : Obama will become the first U.S. president to visit India twice , and the first American chief guest at India 's Republic Day parade . It 's an open declaration of friendship . What explains this unlikely rapport ? Aides on both sides have pointed out that when the two leaders met in Washington in September , there was a palpable chemistry . They shared a sense of priorities , of where they wanted the alliance to head . On his previous visit to India , in 2009 , Obama spoke of the two democracies forming one of the "  defining partnerships " of the 21st century . But in those initial years , the partnership became strained . First came a stalled nuclear deal ; later , a needless spat over an Indian diplomat in New York . India 's disappointing growth , meanwhile , seemed to lead to declining interest . Modi has now successfully hit the reset button . By not bearing a grudge against Washington for blacklisting him , and by wooing American business with gusto , he has revived a flagging partnership . Americans who have negotiated with Indian teams under Modi say it 's evident the new Prime Minister has been clear with his envoys : It 's time to fix things with Washington . And so it comes down to Modi and Obama in New Delhi . Indian TV channels alternate between flashing banners saying "  Namaste Obama " one minute and asking about "  deliverables " from the summit the next . For days , teams in London have been hammering out a potential deal to trade civilian nuclear energy . There is talk of increased ties on defense , and on renewable energy . Climate change will be an important topic for both sides : India generates more than half its energy needs from the dirtiest fuel in common use , coal . And there will be much more soaring rhetoric . On a visit earlier this month , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called for trade between the two countries to multiply five times . That will be unattainable for quite a while . It may be asking too much to judge the Modi-Obama summit through deliverables alone . After all , the invitation came just a couple of months ago when the two met in Myanmar . Symbolism has inherent value : By visiting India for a second time , Obama is putting New Delhi on the map in Washington . In India , he will be seen by a generation of young Indians on TV ; they will glow with pride that the world 's most powerful man has come to town once again . The real work between the two countries will continue at a smaller , ongoing level : with increased people-to-people contact , with more trade , with more tourism , with an energized Indian diaspora in the United States , and with many , many more days of talks between the two countries ' envoys . In many ways , the people on both sides are ahead of policy . According to a Pew Research Center survey last year , 58 % of Indians view Americans favorably , with only 18 % holding an unfavorable view . It 's time for government to catch up . With both India and the United States benefiting from lower crude prices and a growth upswing , this is as good a time as any .	U.S. President Barack Obama travels to India this weekend Ravi Agrawal : Kinship between leaders has been a surprise
CNN  -- Sometimes , ensuring a green future means having to correct man-made mistakes of the past . Back in the 1950s , a U.S. government project drained one of the largest wetlands in the world . It caused such a great environmental problem , the solution became clear : the Florida Everglades must be restored . CNN Special Correspondent Philippe Cousteau travels to this unique environment to see the early results of the largest ecosystem restoration project in history . Roads are being diverted , water pump schedules are changing and endangered wildlife is being monitored -- all in an effort to give nature a chance to return to its original form . This unique ecosystem is a model for other habitat restoration projects , and could predict the future of environmental rehabilitation worldwide . Show times : Saturday December 3 : 13:30 & 21:30 Sunday December 4 : 08:30 , 17:30 & 22:00 Wednesday December 7 : 05:30 All times GMT	Philippe Cousteau returns with the latest installment of CNN 's Going Green series The environmentalist reports from the Florida Everglades on the ongoing eco-restoration
CNN  -- In the wake of an online video in which soldiers returning from Afghanistan complained that Delta Air Lines charged their unit more than $ 2,800 in bag-check fees , two rival carriers on Thursday said they will loosen their checked-bag restrictions for active-duty military members . American Airlines announced it will allow military personnel to check an extra two bags with no out-of-pocket expense , and AirTran Airways said later Thursday it will waive baggage charges for "  members of the military who are traveling on active duty orders . " The airline 's policy is identical to that of Southwest Airlines , which acquired AirTran in a merger last September , AirTran spokesman Christopher White told CNN . American Airlines airline will have policy fully implemented "  in the next few days , " spokeswoman Dori Robau Alvarez said in a statement released Thursday . The airlines were the latest of the major U.S. carriers to change their policies . Delta and Continental/United announced Wednesday they were loosening their checked-bag policies for military personnel . Previously , American Airlines allowed three bags to be checked free , "  with full government reimbursement to military personnel on any bags above that number , " but the carrier decided to increase the free-bag limit to five , "  given the potential confusion with different military units carrying different amounts of bags depending on their mission , " according to the statement . The statement continued : "  Both our revised 5-bag policy as well as the previous policy allowed active military personnel traveling either on orders or on personal travel to utilize our military bag policy . In addition , American also allows military personnel traveling on orders to have one of their free bags weigh up to 100 pounds and  to be  126 linear inches in size without penalty . ... This greatly helps with the typical , large military duffel bags . " Its limits on other bags are 50 pounds and 62 linear inches , it said . AirTran 's fee waiver also comes with some size and weight restrictions : "  As long as each piece of baggage does not exceed 100 pounds in weight and 80 inches in size  length plus width plus height  , you will be exempt from baggage charges , and will not be subject to excess , oversized , or overweight baggage charges , " White said in an e-mail to CNN The Delta incident got instant notoriety after servicemen spoke out about their experience in a video posted on YouTube . In the clip , which the men say was recorded on board a Delta flight from Baltimore to Atlanta on Tuesday , a day after they returned from Afghanistan , the soldiers explain they had "  a little issue with the bags . " CNN affiliate WXIA in Atlanta identified the soldiers as U.S. Army Staff Sgts . Fred Hilliker and Robert O'Hair . The men , who were bound for Fort Polk , Louisiana , said their military travel orders allowed them to carry up to four bags , but when they arrived at the airport in Baltimore , Delta told them it allowed military personnel to check only three bags for free . Members of the unit who were traveling with four bags ended up paying out of pocket for their extra luggage , the soldiers said in the video . They were charged $ 200 per extra bag , so the 34-member unit ended up paying more than $ 2,800 in bag fees , the soldiers said . Any extra bag fees charged by an airline will be reimbursed by the government , a military spokeswoman told CNN affiliate WGCL in Atlanta . One of the soldiers in the video said the bag he had to pay for was a weapons case that contained "  the tools that I used to protect myself and Afghan citizens while I was deployed in the country . " The other man then looked into the camera , exasperated . "  Good business model , Delta , " he said sarcastically . "  Not happy . Not happy at all , " he added , shaking his head . On Wednesday , Delta changed its policy : Effective immediately , U.S. military personnel traveling on orders are now allowed to check up to four bags for free in coach and five bags in first class and business class . Delta spokeswoman Susan Elliot on Thursday said the airline will reimburse the complaining soldiers for any fourth-bag fees that the military will not cover , and is giving them travel vouchers good for future trips . United/Continental also announced Wednesday it will allow more bags . "  United and Continental are waiving the fourth checked bag fee for military personnel traveling on orders in recognition of their sacrifice and service to our country , " Christen David , a spokeswoman for United/Continental Airlines , said in an e-mail . The two airlines closed a merger deal in October . Delta said it deeply respects and admires men and women in uniform and added that it has worked hard to ensure that U.S. military personnel get "  additional flexibility " when they travel on the carrier . The carrier said it 's "  continuing to work with the soldiers individually to make this situation right for each of them . " The soldiers may have been misinformed about how many bags traveling active duty military personnel can check for free , according to Stars and Stripes , the independent news organization focusing on the military . CNN 's A. Pawlowski and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : AirTran Airways waives bag fees for active-duty military Soldiers back from Afghanistan said Delta charged their unit $ 2,800 to check extra bags American will go to five free checked bags for military personnel , up from three Delta and United/Continental announced bag-check policy changes on Wednesday
Istanbul  CNN  -- The business deal looked fairly straightforward . Last week , American basketball star Kobe Bryant agreed to become the new celebrity face of Turkish Airlines , a growing international carrier . Though he has admitted to never having visited Turkey , the Los Angeles Lakers guard said in a news release that "  Turkey is a country rich in natural beauty and thousands of years of cultural history , and I 'm proud to partner with Turkish Airlines to bring that majesty to people around the world . " Within days , however , Bryant 's decision was being denounced by Armenian groups in North America and in Los Angeles , which is the hometown not only of the Lakers , but also of the largest ethnic Armenian community outside of Armenia . "  Turkish Deal Will Make Kobe the Face of Oppression and Injustice " and "  Kobe Bryant 's Direct Flight to Inhumanity , " announced the website of the Armenian Youth Federation . Armenian diaspora groups in North America have launched a media and Internet campaign urging Bryant to drop his Turkish Airlines deal . In Toronto , about 30 Canadian-Armenians protested against Bryant , holding signs that said "  Kobe : Do the Right Thing , " outside the stadium where the Lakers played the Raptors on Sunday . What appeared to be a standard and presumably lucrative celebrity endorsement has run headlong into a passionate dispute over a bloody chapter in history that took place in the highlands of eastern Turkey nearly a century ago . Armenian groups and many scholars argue that starting in 1915 , Turks committed genocide , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . Modern-day Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , arguing instead that hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Muslim Turks died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I . The genocide debate is an annual source of tension between Turkey and the United States , two NATO military allies . Every year , the White House beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution which would formally recognize the 1915 massacres of Armenians as genocide . In March , Turkey temporarily withdrew its ambassador to Washington in protest , after the House Foreign Affairs Committee narrowly voted in favor of a nonbinding resolution recognizing the Armenian genocide . The resolution was subsequently blocked from reaching a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives . American officials worry that Turkish anger over the genocide resolution could impact US use of the Incirlik airbase in southern Turkey , which is a vital logistical hub for troops moving to and from Afghanistan . The Turkish government has expressed concern in recent days , over reports that outgoing House speaker Nancy Pelosi may try to bring an Armenian genocide resolution to vote in the final days of the current lame-duck Congress . Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu phoned his American counterpart Hillary Clinton on Friday , to "  emphasize the seriousness of the situation , " a Turkish diplomatic spokesman said . "  Even though this is a lame-duck session , what we understood is that this is a serious possibility and we had concerns for different reasons , " said Turkish foreign ministry spokesman Selcuk Unal , in a phone call with CNN . This month Pelosi came under fresh pressure to schedule a vote from an unlikely lobbyist -- reality TV star Kim Kardashian . The Armenian-American celebrity urged her 5.6 million Twitter followers to call Pelosi to urge her to schedule an Armenian Genocide Resolution vote . As part of his two-year contract to be Turkish Airlines ' new "  Global Brand Ambassador , " Bryant is expected to make television and print commercials , as well as a number of public appearances for the company .	Armenian diaspora in N. America launched media and Internet campaign Turkey officially denies a genocide took place An annual source of tension between Turkey and the United States Bryant will make TV and print commercials as part of the deal
CNN  -- "  We are not animals , we are on a whole different level to that . " So claims Lancaster Dodd  Philip Seymour Hoffman  , who describes himself as "  many things , " including a writer , doctor , a nuclear physicist , and a theoretical philosopher , but also assumes the more presumptuous role of guru and spiritual teacher , even prophet . If you 've heard anything about "  The Master , " Paul Thomas Anderson 's long-awaited follow up to the magnificent "  There Will Be Blood , " you will know that Dodd is reportedly based on sci-fi novelist and Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard . Hoffman suggests someone more professorial than preacher : an Old World sophisticate with a New World faith in scientific methodology ; charismatic , kindly , even utopian , but a charlatan whether he admits it to himself or not . He steadfastly believes in a better world , a higher calling , just so long as it gravitates around him  and always has  . Ironically , "  The Master " does n't . Dodd is by some stretch the secondary role in the film . The protagonist is one Freddie Quell  Joaquin Phoenix  , an Everyman of an especially disheveled , even wretched sort , a lost soul and a drifter who serves in the Navy during World War II and ca n't get his act together once the war is over . Phoenix looks skinnier and more gaunt than in his last film , when he played a grotesque , creatively exhausted version of himself in the faux-documentary "  I 'm Still Here . " That was two years ago , and one reason to celebrate "  The Master " is simply because it gives us another chance to marvel at this superb actor . His hair flecked with gray , sneery and sinewy , Phoenix resembles Montgomery Clift and John Garfield : postwar stars who embodied the anxieties and alienation of the returning GIs in male melodramas tinged in varying shades of noir . Freddie is a ball of nervous energy , agitated and intense , so bottled up with sexual frustration he 's ready to pop . He funnels his aggravation into the manufacture of hooch , lovingly concocted from diesel fuel , or paint thinner , or photo chemicals , and imbibed at your own risk . A stowaway on Dodd 's borrowed pleasure steamer , Freddie intrigues the older man : he 's the savage beast , a test case for his theories of psychological and spiritual advancement . But there 's more to it than that . Lancaster shares Quell 's taste for raw alcohol . They are drinking buddies as well as doctor and patient , master and servant , messiah and acolyte ... perhaps even soul mates . Their relationship disturbs and perplexes Dodd 's loyal disciples , including his formidable wife  Amy Adams  , who considers Freddie beyond saving but fears that her husband could go the other way . Over the course of several years each man will disappoint the other , yet they struggle to sever whatever it is that binds them . The most classically minded of America 's young filmmakers , and the most prodigious , Anderson draws on John Huston and Elia Kazan , Fred Zinnemann 's "  From Here to Eternity " and George Stevens ' "  A Place in the Sun . " Even more than in "  There Will Be Blood , " "  The Master " demonstrates a remarkable lucidity and assurance . Who knows ? It may prove to be one of the last movies ever shot and shown on 70mm , but Anderson does n't go in for epic vistas or the proverbial cast of thousands . The camerawork is artfully composed -- each frame designed with intelligence and care -- but also fluid and self-effacing . It 's a long movie , but one that feels cut to the bone . Anderson makes his points so succinctly , and with such subtlety , not a few viewers at the Toronto International Film Festival admitted they felt it would require a second viewing to catch up with it . Fans of this director -- who has previously gone in for more flamboyant gestures -- may even feel a little disappointed . There 's nothing quite so grandstanding as Daniel Day Lewis 's infamous milkshake scene , no oil rigs bursting into flame and frogs do n't fall from the sky . But still , this film examines a not dissimilar dynamic to the "  There Will Be Blood " love-hate between the priest and the killer , and imbues it with greater sensitivity and depth . Where Day Lewis 's Daniel Plainview thirsted for black gold , Freddie Quell has a far different and more reasonable hunger : for love , and peace , just enough to get through this world straight . Far and away the best American movie unveiled at TIFF , "  The Master " also has Weinstein muscle in its marketing . It 's still five months to Oscar night , but it will be a surprise if this does n't earn nominations across the board , with Phoenix a front-runner for best actor and Hoffman just a step behind him . In the end it may not have the emotional uplift the Academy or a popular mainstream audience craves , but make no mistake , this is an enthralling drama about a peculiarly American restlessness , and the striving for insight and grace .	Philip Seymour Hoffman and Joaquin Phoenix play characters with a complex relationship The film is the long-awaited follow-up to "  There Will Be Blood " Critic calls it the best film unveiled at the Toronto International Film Festival
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Police in the Turkish city of Istanbul are dispersing crowds demonstrating against government corruption amid a growing political scandal in the nation . Police fired plastic bullets with white powder that makes people cough and used water cannon to disperse small groups of demonstrators trying to reach the city 's Taksim Square . A high-level corruption investigation involving the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan sparked the anger against the government and caused the currency to drop against the dollar . The crisis intensified this week as three ministers stood down and one , Urbanization and Environment Minister Erdogan Bayraktar , called on the country 's leader to follow suit . The ministers resigned Wednesday after their sons were detained in a roundup that included the head of a public bank , several bureaucrats and high-profile businessmen . The detentions came after a two-year investigation by the Istanbul Prosecutor 's Office into allegations of corruption , including money laundering , gold smuggling and bribery . Protesters chanted "  government resign , " and "  Help , there are thieves , " and threw rocks and fireworks at the police , and erected barricades . Police warned demonstrators over loudspeakers to disperse . When they did n't , they ordered plainclothes police to begin detaining people . A heavy police presence on Taksim Square kept demonstrators from reaching that major city center . Istanbul 's Gezi Park , the site of anti-government protests last spring , is completely cordoned off by riot police . Anti-government demonstrators protested plans to build a shopping mall at that site , and populist outrage at the government took hold . Erdogan on Friday again made reference to the demonstrations : "  Gezi was a plot , they were n't successful , they are trying this  corruption probe  now , but they will not succeed . " While Erdogan may face a challenge from the streets , the far greater threat to his authority may come from an erosion of support within his own camp . There were more resignations from his party Friday , including the former minister of culture , Ertugrul Gunay -- the third deputy to go this week . Prime minister lashes out Erdogan was at the Istanbul airport making a speech to his supporters denying the corruption allegations and accusing foreign plotters and actors of trying to undermine his government . Earlier Friday , the Prime Minister lashed out at his own judiciary , accusing an Istanbul prosecutor of behaving like a buffoon . Erdogan is determined to discredit a corruption inquiry that continues to undermine the legitimacy of his government . Public prosecutors have publicly complained that they are unable to conduct a second wave of arrests in a wide ranging probe that includes bribery and the rigging of government tenders . Their hands have been tied by a directive which demands they seek approval from their superiors before interrogating suspect . That directive was declared invalid by the High Council of Judges and Prosecutors , the body which supervises the running of the courts . For the time being , the directive remains in effect . Prosecutor says he ca n't carry out an investigation Turkish newspapers have reprinted a facsimile of a court order demanding that the Prime Minister 's son report for questioning by January 2 . Protesters chanted that police should arrest the son , Bilal , who is a businessman . Muammer Akkas , an Istanbul prosecutor complained Thursday that he had been removed from the case after police had refused to carry out orders to arraign suspects . He accused them of an obstruction of justice . "  All my colleagues and the public should be aware that I , as a public prosecutor , have been prevented from carrying out an investigation , " he said in a written statement he distributed in front of a courthouse . Erdogan mocked that action in a speech Friday to a university audience . "  Are you a prosecutor or a flier distributor ? You go out in front of the court house and distribute fliers ? " The courts have succeeded , according to the pro-government newspaper Haberturk , in enforcing an injunction that freezes the assets of seven businessmen behind Istanbul 's construction boom , including the winner of the tender to construct a new airport for Istanbul . This will have an effect on the country 's large construction industry , according to Atilla Yesiada , Turkish adviser for GlobalSource Partners . "  We really do n't know if allegations ... of shady tenders are true or not , but as long as they remain in the air , banks and companies will find it very hard to renew their loans or to get new credit from external investors , " he said . The military wants to stay out of the fray Erdogan has , throughout his political career , faced the opposition of the Turkish military and is widely regarded to have finally averted that threat after a series of trials in which senior officers were sentenced for plotting the overthrow of his government . A statement Friday posted on the website of the Armed Forces re-confirmed the top brass ' intention to steer clear of the current controversy . "  The Turkish armed forces does not want to , in anyway , be a part of political discussions , " it said . Market confidence shaken Erdogan 's most difficult battle may be to regain market confidence . The crisis has slammed economic confidence in Turkey , sending the nation 's currency to a record low and stocks plunging . The lira hit an all-time low against the dollar Friday . The key index for stocks on Turkey 's main exchange , the Borsa Istanbul National 100 , has slumped 6.2 % this week and is down more than 18 % this year . Erdogan reshuffled his cabinet , but the moves failed to restore investor confidence in the Turkish economy . Turkey is expected to hold local elections in 2014 and many analysts see those elections as a test of Erdogan 's grip on power after a turbulent year of unprecedented anti-government protests .	The Turkish lira is dropping against the dollar The crisis intensified this week Protesters chant "  Help , there are thieves "
Editor 's note : This is part one of a series of reports CNN.com is featuring from an upcoming , six-hour television event , "  God 's Warriors , " hosted by CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Daveed Gartenstein-Ross was born to Jewish parents in Ashland , Oregon . A college friend introduced him to Islam . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The path to faith often takes unexpected twists . In the case of Daveed Gartenstein-Ross , the road went through three of the world 's major religions -- Judaism , Islam and Christianity -- and ultimately brought him to the FBI . Born to Jewish parents who call themselves mystics , he grew up in what he calls the "  liberal hippie Mecca " of Ashland , Oregon , a town of about 20,000 near the California border . It was in this ultraliberal intellectual environment that a young Gartenstein-Ross experimented with a radical form of Islam that eventually led him to shun music , reject women 's rights and even refuse to touch dogs because he believed this was "  according to God 's will . " "  I began to pray for the mujahedeen , for these stateless warriors who were trying to topple secular governments , " he said . His journey began in 1997 , when as a junior at Wake Forest University , he began to examine his own spiritual identity after experiencing a couple of brushes with death caused by illness . "  That kind of thing can cause spiritual discomfort and make you reevaluate what it is that you 're living for , " he told CNN in an upcoming documentary called "  God 's Warriors . " Watch behind-the-scenes with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour " A college friend introduced him to Islam and he was intrigued by its peaceful message . "  Islam was a very simple faith and as I learned more and more about it , it seemed more and more fascinating to me , " he said . That fall , he called home to tell his parents he was planning to become a Muslim . "  We felt it was OK , " his father Moshe Ross said . "  We were glad that he was going to study something and hopefully seriously . And we were happy with Islam . " When Gartenstein-Ross returned to Ashland , he got his first taste of radicalization when an imam at a local makeshift mosque blasted Western society . "  His argument was that the West was so inherently corrupt , so inherently anti-Islamic , that if we stayed in this society , then inevitably our faith would be eroded , " said Gartenstein-Ross , who chronicled his experience in a book called "  My Year Inside Radical Islam . " The humble mosque would soon move to a hilltop headquarters in Ashland , thanks to financial support from a Saudi Arabian charity known as the Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation , which has since been shut down by U.S. and Saudi authorities for alleged terror ties . Lawyers for Al-Haramain have denied those charges and have filed suit against the U.S. government seeking to have its name cleared . Gartenstein-Ross said a man named Pete Seda , who ran the charity 's local office , offered him a job . Seda became his mentor and within a few months Gartenstein-Ross said he found himself agreeing with extreme views . At Al-Haramain , he said he saw the religion which he had embraced for its tolerance become obsessed with rules and ideology . "  What I did n't expect was that over time my ideas would fall into line with theirs , " he said . "  I was n't to shake hands with women . I was n't to pet a dog . I was n't to wear shorts that came up above my knees . But conversely , my pants legs could n't be too long . " But at times , he still had doubts about some beliefs espoused at the mosque . Whenever he questioned the rules , his co-workers would tell him his own views were irrelevant . The view was that "  your moral inclinations do not matter . All that matters is whether this is what 's right according to God 's will , " said Gartenstein-Ross . In 1999 he left his job at Al-Haramain for law school at New York University . Away from his co-workers , he was free to question the radical doctrines he 'd learned in Oregon and meet with others about spirituality , including Christians . A year later , he converted to Christianity and was eventually baptized in the Baptist church . It was a decision he took extremely seriously because he said his colleagues at Al-Haramain had preached that leaving Islam was punishable by death . "  This conversion out of Islam toward Christianity was certainly not one I took lightly in any way , because I realized there could be repercussions from it , " he said . The Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation would come up in his life again , but in a very different fashion . His first job after law school was as a clerk with the U.S. Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia . He had to undergo a background check and listed Al-Haramain as a previous employer . Soon , the FBI was quizzing him about the group . Two years later , in 2004 , federal agents raided the Ashland offices of Al-Haramain . When he learned of the bust , Gartenstein-Ross says he contacted the FBI . "  I knew about some of Al-Haramain 's contempt for U.S. tax law . I knew about the support these guys had for the mujahedeen in Chechnya , " he said . His mentor , Pete Seda , and another top Al-Haramain official now face conspiracy and tax fraud charges for allegedly helping provide $ 150,000 in funds meant for Muslim fighters in Chechnya . Lawyers for the group say it renounces terrorism , and in a lawsuit filed against the government last week , Al-Haramain says it 's a "  charitable organization that seeks to promote greater understanding of the Islamic religion . " Seda on Wednesday voluntarily returned to the United States to fight the charges and entered a plea of not guilty . As for Gartenstein-Ross , he is now a counter-terrorism consultant who works with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies , a Washington think-tank formed after September 11 , 2001 , that lists former FBI director Louis Freeh , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Sen. Joseph Lieberman among its "  distinguished advisers . " He acknowledges his experience is atypical -- that most American Muslims are well-assimilated into American society and do n't embrace radical Islamic ideas . "  There is a lot that 's going right about Islam in the United States , and a lot of the conversations I 've had with moderate Muslims and other Muslims in the past year-and-a-half have been encouraging in terms of what 's happening with Islam in America , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN producer Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	Man says he became radical Muslim during college a decade ago "  Ideas that I once thought unthinkable ... seemed like good ideas to me " Oregon group he worked for has since been shut down by the government Organization maintains it 's a charity , seeks to have name cleared
CNN  -- The Rev. Franklin Graham has arrived in North Korea bearing a gift for North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , the country 's official news agency reported Wednesday . The Rev. Franklin Graham reportedly will oversee the delivery of $ 190,000 in equipment for a dental school . Graham handed the present , which was not identified , to a high-ranking official Wednesday to give to Kim , the Korean Central News Agency reported . Graham , the son of the Rev. Billy Graham and the president of Samaritan 's Purse , arrived Tuesday in North Korea 's capital , Pyongyang , KCNA said . On its Web site , Samaritan 's Purse said Franklin Graham was to meet with high-level government officials and to inspect medical facilities that the organization has installed . "  I believe it is important to make visits like this to help improve relations and to have a better understanding with each other , " Graham said , according to the Samaritan 's Purse Web site . The group said Graham will visit a hospital and also will oversee the delivery of $ 190,000 in equipment to outfit a dental school that can train up to 70 dentists per year . KCNA reported that Graham said he hoped he could act as a bridge for better relations between the United States and North Korea . The visit marks Graham 's third trip to North Korea . His father visited the country in 1992 and 1994 and met with President Kim Il Sung , Samaritan 's Purse said . His mother , the late Ruth Bell Graham , attended a mission school in Pyongyang in 1934 , the organization said . Later this week , Graham is scheduled to travel to China , where he 'll dedicate a clinic that Samaritan 's Purse built , visit a city destroyed by last year 's earthquake and speak at churches , the organization said .	The Rev. Franklin Graham makes third trip to North Korea Graham aims for better ties between North Korea and U.S. , news agency says Son of evangelist Billy Graham to meet with top officials , visit medical facilities Franklin Graham also set to travel to China
CNN  -- Outdoor sporting goods retailer Bass Pro Shops is being sued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for allegedly engaging in a pattern of hiring discrimination against African-American and Hispanic job applicants , the EEOC said in a statement Wednesday . The lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas . The EEOC alleges the discrimination has been ongoing since November 2005 . EEOC Chairperson Jacqueline A. Berrien said the federal agency will protect the rights of job applicants , and that "  excluding qualified individuals from employment because of their race or ethnicity or in retaliation for exercising protected rights are fundamental violations . " The lawsuit alleges qualified applicants were denied positions such as cashiers , as well as for various management positions . It goes on to claim that managers in Louisiana and in the Houston area believed that "  hiring black candidates did not fit the corporate profile . " The EEOC also believes that managers at some stores retaliated against employees who were in opposition to the discriminatory practices and in some scenarios fired or forced employees to resign . Bass Pro Shops issued a statement denying the allegations and maintaining that the company had cooperated fully with an EEOC investigation . "  The EEOC 's allegations are contrary to our profound respect for and commitment to our team of experienced and knowledgeable associates , and we are determined to prove them wrong , " Mike Rowland , vice president for human resources , was quoted as saying in the statement . "  Fundamental fairness and good faith should require that the EEOC reveal the evidence on which its claims are based before filing a lawsuit that will be long , expensive and disruptive , " Rowland said in the statement .	EEOC claims outdoors retailer discriminated against black , Hispanic job applicants Lawsuit also claims managers retaliated against people opposed to practices Bass Pro Shops denies allegations and says it is "  determined to prove them wrong "
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs unveiled new regulations Monday making it easier for men and women who served in the armed forces to receive benefits for post-traumatic stress disorder . Current department rules require veterans to document events like firefights or bomb explosions that could have caused the disorder . Such documentation was often time-consuming and difficult , and sometimes was impossible . Under the new rules a veteran only needs to demonstrate that he or she served in a war and performed a job during which events could have happened that could cause the disorder . "  With this new PTSD regulation , we are acknowledging the inherently stressful nature of the places and circumstances of military service , in which the reality and fear of hostile or terrorist activities is always present , " said Michael Walcoff , the VA 's acting undersecretary for benefits . The new rule "  will potentially benefit all veterans , regardless of their period of service and it is not limited to veterans with direct combat experience , " he stressed . Wolcoff noted that over 400,000 veterans currently receive compensation benefits for PTSD . In his weekly address on Saturday , President Barack Obama called the change a "  long overdue step . " "  For years , many veterans with PTSD who have tried to seek benefits -- veterans of today 's wars and earlier wars -- have often found themselves stymied . They 've been required to produce evidence proving that a specific event caused their PTSD . And that practice has kept the vast majority of those with PTSD who served in non-combat roles , but who still waged war , from getting the care they need , " Obama said . "  I do n't think our troops on the battlefield should have to take notes to keep for a claims application . And I 've met enough veterans to know that you do n't have to engage in a firefight to endure the trauma of war . So we 're changing the way things are done . " Under the new rules , no benefits will be passed along until a Veterans Affairs psychiatrist or psychologist confirms that a veteran actually suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . Department officials say that should reduce the risk of fraudulent claims . One congressional analysis reportedly put the cost of the new changes at $ 5 billion . Obama said the new process "  will help veterans not just of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , but generations of their brave predecessors who proudly served and sacrificed in all our wars . " "  It 's a step that proves America will always be here for our veterans , just as they 've been there for us . We wo n't let them down . We take care of our own , " he said . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	New VA rule makes it easier for veterans to get PTSD benefits Veterans are no longer required to documents specific events causing PTSD VA acknowledging "  inherently stressful nature ... of military service " Over 400,000 veterans now receive PTSD benefits
CNN  -- Funny , personable , attractive and charismatic are just some of the words used to describe Gu Kailai . The wife of Bo Xilai -- a one-time rising star of the Chinese Communist Party -- once had it all : a powerful husband , a dynamic career and vast wealth . But it all unraveled in November 2011 when Gu and her household aide Zhang Xiaojun poisoned British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room . During her one-day trial the following August , Gu issued a statement saying she did n't deny the accusations levied against her , but "  accepted all the facts written in the indictment " -- including poisoning Heywood at a time when she thought her son 's life was in danger , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . "  During those days last November , I suffered a mental breakdown after learning my son was in jeopardy , " Gu , 53 , said shortly before the trial concluded . "  The tragedy , which was created by me , was not only extended to Neil , but also to several families . " She eventually received a suspended death sentence , with Zhang given nine years in jail . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace Gu 's world started crumbling when she and Zhang were arrested in April 2012 . The same day , Xinhua announced that Bo had been stripped of his seats on the Communist Party 's Central Committee and Politburo , the nation 's ruling organs , for an unspecified "  serious breach of regulations . " Ambitious and outgoing , Gu typified the international outlook of the second generation of China 's political elite . She has even been described by some as the "  Jackie Kennedy of China . " Gu and her husband were both descendents of China 's revolutionary heros -- Gu from Major-General Gu Jingsheng , a prominent revolutionary military figure , and Bo from Bo Yibo , considered one of the "  eight immortals " of the revolution that created modern China . These associations may have fostered the connections essential to getting ahead in the new China of the past three decades . But in the 1960s , Gu and her husband were targets during the political upheaval of the Cultural Revolution . Bo spent almost five years in re-education camps as a youth , and published reports say Gu was forced to work in a textile factory and a butcher 's shop as a 10 year old . These hardships only served to galvanize the phenomenal ambition of the couple , analysts say . Fluent in English , Gu is a lawyer who took a leading role in a legal battle in the United States involving several Chinese firms , eventually winning the lawsuit for the Chinese companies . She later wrote a book about the legal fight called "  Winning a Lawsuit in the United States . " Gu 's involvement in Heywood 's murder may have remained undetected , if not for former Chongqing police chief Wang Lijun . In February 2012 , Wang fled to the U.S. consulate in Chengdu where he alleged that Bo had covered up Heywood 's murder . Bo was later stripped of his post as Chongqing 's party chief and his memberships in the Politburo , Central Committee , and Communist Party . In late July , he was charged with bribery , corruption and abuse of power . Gu is currently serving a suspended death which likely be commuted to life imprisonment if she does n't commit any crimes during the first two years . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Gu Kailai found guilty of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood She 's married to Bo Xilai , once seen as a rising star of Chinese politics Heywood was found dead in a Chongqing hotel room in November 2011 Scandal created turmoil at top of Chinese politics during leadership transition
CNN  -- Nelson Piquet Jr admitted he will have to wait until the dust has settled on the "  crashgate " scandal before he can attempt a return to Formula One . Nelson Piquet Jr has not ruled out a return to Formula One . The 24-year-old Brazilian attended a Motor Sport Council hearing on Monday over the conspiracy which saw him crash his Renault in the Singapore Grand Prix last year , where he subsequently revealed he is keen on a F1 comeback . Piquet , who was granted immunity by motorsport 's world governing body  FIA  for his testimony , believes his talent was not appreciated by former team boss Flavio Briatore . Despite the furor surrounding the affair the Brazilian hopes he can return to F1 , but added there may be other options too . "  I am aware that because of this  scandal  it will be difficult , " Piquet told Germany 's Auto Motor und Sport . "  Some people will be afraid that the same thing will happen . But it was a unique case and I have learned from it . "  If I ca n't find a place in F1 , perhaps for one year I will go to America and try to do a good job there until the waves have calmed down a bit . "  I was there in August for a week and spoke with some teams . " Renault have confirmed that they intend to continue racing in F1 for the future and also have appointed Bob Bell as the acting team principal for the remainder of the season . A statement on the Renault Web site said : "  Following the unfortunate recent events , the Renault F1 Team has reacted swiftly by implementing a new temporary management team structure , which will be in place from today until the end of the 2009 season . "  Bob Bell , currently technical director , takes on the duty of team principal and chief technical office . Bell will attend all the remaining races of the season and will be the team 's spokesperson on all sporting and technical matters "  The Renault F1 Team is now ready to concentrate on the future . "	Nelson Piquet Jr is keen to make a comeback to Formula One in the future The Brazilian 's reputation is tarnished after his part in the "  crashgate " scandal Renault confirmed Bob Bell will be acting team principal for rest of the season
The families of two men who were fatally shot are suing the New England Patriots and its owners to prevent the football team from paying former player Aaron Hernandez , who has been charged in their slayings . The NFL team and its owner 's company , Kraft Enterprises , have been named as co-defendants in a $ 6 million civil wrongful death lawsuit along with Hernandez . The attorney for the families is asking the court to prohibit the Patriots and its owners from paying Hernandez $ 3.25 million and other funds that may become due to Hernandez , who has pleaded not guilty to the murder charges . The National Football League Players Association has filed a grievance on behalf of the former tight end after the team failed to pay him the multimillion-dollar sum , which was due in March , the lawsuit says . The wrongful death lawsuit was originally filed in February on behalf of the families of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado , according to court papers . The lawsuit alleges that the victims ' families have sustained both fiscal and emotional damages . Prosecutors say that in July 2012 , Hernandez fatally shot de Abreu and Furtado in their car after de Abreu accidentally bumped into Hernandez and spilled his drink at a nightclub earlier in the evening . "  We are seeking to have the families who have been victimized by these deaths have some assets set aside that they may be somehow compensated , " according to a written statement from William Kennedy , the families ' attorney . "  The two young men in our case both supported their mothers with their modest earnings . That support and emotional attachment has been lost forever . "  Our information is that Hernandez has received over $ 11M in compensation in the 3 years as a Patriot , " Kennedy added . "  Part of his funds and assets should be set aside for the victims of his crime . The victims should be compensated . " CNN has reached out to the Patriots and Kraft Enterprises but has not yet received a response . Hernandez was charged with murder in the deaths of de Abreu and Furtado in May . He was dropped by the New England Patriots in June 2013 after being charged with first-degree murder in the death of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd . He has since been incarcerated and has pleaded not guilty to all three murder charges .	The New England Patriots are being sued along with Aaron Hernandez The families of two slain men want to prevent payments to Hernandez Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to three murder charges
CNN  -- Sunday night brought the beginning of the end for Walter White of "  Breaking Bad . " The first of the final eight episodes featured an unbelievably tense scene , one that left fans with two words of wisdom as they barrel toward the conclusion . They were uttered by Bryan Cranston 's corrupt meth kingpin after his brother-in-law , DEA agent Hank , tells him he does n't even know who Walt is anymore . Walt 's advice ? In that case , "  tread lightly . " Mindy Kaling 's advice on Twitter was n't half-bad either : "  If you did n't see breaking bad tonight , tomorrow you better take your spoilers like a man . " Keeping that in mind , we 'll tread lightly on revealing too much in case you 're still catching up or somehow nodded off during the mid-season premiere . The expectations were intimidatingly high for Sunday 's "  Blood Money , " but in the eyes of critics , creator Vince Gilligan and his team delivered -- as did stars Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul . The journey kicks off with another flash-forward , showing the White home in disarray , its pool drained of its contents with a yellow "  Heisenberg " tagged on a wall . We watched Walt grab the ricin capsule from behind an electrical socket , and then we 're back in the present again . And that 's when the real fun begins . We knew that Hank suspected that Walt was the meth kingpin he 's been chasing , but we did n't know how he 'd put those pieces together . Sunday 's episode wasted no time answering one of our big questions , and by the end of it , Hank and Walt were stunningly face-to-face . It was at this point that we sort of wished AMC would go the Netflix route and just give the episodes to us all at once , and we 're not the only ones . "  This TV version of a literary thriller has reached the point where the pieces are finally coming together and all we want to do is whip through its pages and finally devour that much-craved resolution . But we ca n't , because there are seven more episodes to go , " said Salon 's Jen Chaney . "  There 's a lesson in it ... After watching a show about a man who comes to think he can have everything his way , whenever he wants , it 's good to be reminded that most people ca n't . We are not in control , so we must accept it , respect it and patiently savor the prolonged , delicious agony . " The New Yorker found the climactic scene to be "  a classic opener for the season : a cowboy showdown that placed Hank , once a minor , comic character on the show , dead center in the role of hero . " And yet , the magazine 's Emily Nussbaum predicts , "  Based on that terrifying cold open , it 's a solid bet that Hero Hank is a red herring , and the show 's real endgame will be Jesse , the one most damaged by Walt . " Esquire 's Alex Berenson agrees , believing that there 's no way Walt is making it out of this series alive -- flash-forwards to his 52nd birthday with a head full of hair , be damned -- and that Jesse is going to be the one to do it . "  Like all good psychopaths , Walter has convinced himself that his prior crimes do n't matter as long as he lives decently in the future , " Berenson writes . "  But Jesse ca n't forget what they 've done . Jesse has grown a conscience , and it 's killing him . And if Jesse is to find any kind of peace for the rest of his life -- even in prison -- he 's going to have to destroy the monster he knows better than anyone else . " With just seven more episodes to go , we 'll find out soon enough . Judging from the premiere , though , the rest of the season is bound to be just as fantastic as whatever end we find . As Time magazine 's James Poniewozik put it , "  Game freakin ' on . "	"  Breaking Bad " returned for its final eight episodes on Sunday The episode featured a tense showdown that answered a big plot question Expectations were high , but the mid-season premiere delivered
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- U.S. airstrikes aimed at al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan have been "  very effective , " with few civilian deaths as a result , CIA Director Leon Panetta said Monday in a rare public acknowledgment of the raids . CIA Director Leon Panetta speaks about the fight against al Qaeda at the Pacific Council on International Policy . Asked about criticism of the missile attacks by counterinsurgency experts , Panetta said he did not want to discuss specifics , "  but I can assure you that in terms of that particular area , it is very precise and is very limited in terms of collateral damage . " "  Very frankly , it 's the only game in town in terms of confronting or trying to disrupt the al Qaeda leadership , " Panetta told the Pacific Council on International Policy in Los Angeles . Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are airstrikes on its territory by U.S.-operated drones . The U.S. military in neighboring Afghanistan does not comment on the attacks , which typically target Islamic militants in the border region , but the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft . Panetta 's predecessor , Michael Hayden , was asked about the drone attacks on Pakistani territory shortly before he left office in January , but addressed it far less directly than Panetta . "  I 'm not going to talk about anything operational , and I 'm not confirming or denying how any of this happens , we 're not getting into that , " he said . But he said he believed al Qaeda leaders had come to view Pakistan 's tribal regions as "  neither safe nor a haven . " Two leading former advisers on counterinsurgency warfare , David Kilcullen and Andrew Exum , wrote in The New York Times over the weekend that the strikes have killed about 14 terrorist leaders in the past three years -- but Pakistani sources say the civilian death toll could be as high as 700 . While U.S. officials dispute that ratio , Kilcullen and Exum wrote , "  Every one of these dead noncombatants represents an alienated family , a new desire for revenge and more recruits for a militant movement that has grown exponentially even as drone strikes have increased . " "  The persistence of these attacks on Pakistani territory offends people 's deepest sensibilities , alienates them from their government and contributes to Pakistan 's instability , " Kilcullen and Exum said . They compared the tactics to British bombardment of the same region in the 1920s and French airstrikes on Algeria in the 1950s , arguing that the strikes were likely to remind Pakistanis of colonial rule . U.S. forces have been battling al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in Afghanistan since the terrorist network 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . Both have taken root across the rugged border in Pakistan , where Pakistani troops are waging an air and ground offensive to crush the Taliban in the Swat Valley , northwest of the capital , Islamabad . Prime Minister Yusuf Reza Gilani said Monday that the offensive will go on "  until peace is established . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	CIA Director Leon Panetta makes rare public acknowledgment of raids U.S. airstrikes "  only game in town " to fight al Qaeda in Pakistan , he says He says strikes are very precise and collateral damage is limited
CNN  -- Federal authorities are moving to rein in the man dubbed "  America 's Toughest Sheriff " after complaints that immigration raids by his deputies amounted to unconstitutional roundups of Latinos . Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio supervises an inmate relocation in Phoenix , Arizona . Sheriff Joe Arpaio and the Maricopa County , Arizona , sheriff 's department have had an agreement with the Department of Homeland Security since 2007 that allows his department to enforce federal immigration laws . But Arpaio says the federal agency is moving to revise the agreement to limit that power to checking the immigration status of inmates already in his Phoenix jail . Arpaio has cultivated his image as "  America 's Toughest Sheriff , " a nickname earned by his treatment of Maricopa County inmates . Many of his prisoners are housed in tents and forced to wear pink underwear , and he once boasted of feeding them on less than a dollar a day . Now he faces a Justice Department investigation into allegations of civil rights abuses , and the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona is suing the sheriff over immigration raids conducted by his department . The class-action lawsuit alleges that Arpaio has abused the power delegated to him under his agreement with Homeland Security , known as the 287  g  program . "  He 's unconstitutionally acted to racially profile many persons in the community , persons who appear or are Latino , " ACLU lawyer Dan Pochoda told CNN . Pochoda said the five-term sheriff has launched a series of high-profile raids to appeal to "  his anti-immigration base . " Arpaio told CNN 's "  American Morning " the allegations were "  garbage " and said he would continue to use state laws to crack down on undocumented immigrants in his county . "  We do not go on street corners and grab people that look like they 're from another country , " he said . "  Pursuant to our duties , when we come across illegals , we take action . " Watch what Arpaio has to say " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who was Arizona 's governor before taking her Cabinet post , told CNN that Arpaio is reacting prematurely to decisions that have not yet been finalized . But Arpaio says he 's now become the poster boy of the emotionally charged immigration debate and is losing authority for political reasons . "  They do n't want to aggravate the Hispanic community , aggravate the businesspeople who hire the illegals , and they want amnesty , " he said . Arpaio said he planned to continue his operations "  with no changes . " "  We do enforce traffic violations . All law enforcement does that , and comes across some serious criminals , which we do in our crime suppression , " he said . "  We go into workplaces under the state law , and we arrest people in the workplace there illegally with identity theft situations and human smuggling . " But according to a 2008 policy report on effective law enforcement by the Goldwater Institute , a libertarian-leaning watchdog group based in Phoenix , Arpaio 's department "  falls seriously short of fulfilling its mission . " The report found that Maricopa County has "  diverted resources away from basic law-enforcement functions to highly publicized immigration sweeps , which are ineffective in policing illegal immigration . " CNN Correspondent Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report .	Some say his deputies ' raids were unconstitutional roundups of Latinos Sheriff : Federal agency wants to limit him to checking inmates ' immigration status Sheriff rejects allegations that he abused power , violated civil rights Homeland Security chief says he 's reacting prematurely to decisions yet to be made
Since 1941 , comic book fans have followed the exploits of teenaged Archie Andrews and his friends . This July , they 'll find out how he dies . "  Life With Archie " # 36 hits stores on July 16 , and CNN can reveal exclusively that it tells the story of how Archie sacrifices himself to save a friend . Few details are known , but it seems fitting that Archie would go out a hero . The 37th issue one week later will end the series . The "  Life With Archie " series has been telling the stories of possible future Archie scenarios for the past few years , and so Archie will continue to be alive in the comics set in the present day . CNN spoke with Archie Comics CEO Jon Goldwater  son of Archie creator John Goldwater  about the upcoming issues . CNN : Can you explain the "  Life With Archie " series for the uninitiated ? Goldwater : "  Life With Archie " is Archie 's future -- it gives readers a look into what his life would be like after high school and college , which has never really been explored . Most fans are familiar with Archie as a high schooler , hanging out at Pop 's Chocklit Shop with his friends . "  Life With Archie " shows what happens when Archie becomes an adult and starts dealing with grownup issues . Each issue is normally split into two storylines -- one telling a tale of Archie married to Veronica another with him ending up with Betty . The final issue , however , will show readers Archie 's final fate in both timelines -- and they 're the same . CNN : Why kill Archie ? Goldwater : I think it 's the natural conclusion to the "  Life With Archie " series . Archie dies as he lived -- heroically . He dies saving the life of a friend , and does it in his usual selfless way . Archie has always been a representation of us -- the best of us . Our strengths and our faults . Writer Paul Kupperberg , with input from myself , has crafted an emotional , impactful and classic story that I know will survive the test of time . This is n't a random one-off or "  what-if " story that we 're doing as a gag . This is the story that we mapped out carefully and with much thought . This is the death of Archie as we see it , and we 're treating it with that same level of gravitas and import . It 's a once-in-a-lifetime event , and we are being very considerate about it . CNN : What are you hoping to accomplish with this storyline ? Goldwater : First and foremost , like with anything we do at Archie , we want to tell a great , memorable story . That being said , this story in particular is of the utmost importance to us as a company and as a keeper of the Archie brand . We want to not only show how Archie 's life ends , but also what he means to the world around him . We want to celebrate his life . After the events of "  Life With Archie " # 36 , fans will leap forward a year to see the aftermath , and how his friends have moved on since his surprising death . What 's Jughead doing ? How are Betty and Veronica dealing with the loss ? It 's not about the attention-grab of the death but about telling a great , evocative story that reminds people why this character is important to the fabric of pop culture -- and showing how heroic a normal guy like Archie can be , and how important it is to realize that . This is n't a story we 're going to retcon a few weeks from now . This happened . This is the conclusion to the "  Life With Archie " story and timeline , and it will allow us as a company and the world to take a moment to look at Archie 's life as a whole and recognize him as one of the most important characters -- not in just comics -- but in popular culture . We want people to feel the same emotional roller coaster we felt putting this story together -- to feel the range of emotions , from happiness , sadness , anger , joy and pride . We want people to react to this in a strong way because Archie is so important to them . CNN : How do you hope fans will react ultimately ? Goldwater : We expect some level of shock , outrage and surprise -- followed by understanding . As a company , we are not afraid to take risks . We 're not scared to shake things up to draw attention to the great stories we 're building here at Archie . I hope fans will be intrigued by this news , pick up the issues in July and realize they 've been given one of the best comics on the stands . They 'll be handed a piece of comic book history , featuring some of the most well-known characters in the world saying goodbye to an icon . We want fans to talk about this for years to come . We think this story is bigger than anything we 've ever done -- it 's bold , dramatic and best of all , a fitting end to the life of Archie . CNN : What do you think Archie Comics has been doing by shaking things up over the recent years ? Archie : We 're a sleeping giant . Years ago , before I stepped in as CEO , Archie was seen as a dormant , nostalgia brand stuck in amber . We were in suspended animation . People thought the stories were still set in the '50s ! Now , while the characters -- like Betty , Archie , Veronica , Jughead and Reggie -- are at their core the same , Riverdale has changed . It 's caught up with the times . The town of Riverdale you read about now is like any other in America . It 's diverse , it 's not problem-free , and it represents America in an honest way . Archie is about being welcoming , diverse and entertaining . We 've managed to strike that balance in our storytelling for the last five years and managed to not only get attention , but keep people entertained . From the introduction of Kevin Keller , the first regular gay character in comics to now , the death of Archie , we 've not been afraid to take risks . The big thing is , though , our risks pay off because the stories , art and execution are spot-on . We back up what we say . CNN : What will be the long-term impact of this story ? Goldwater : Well , this is the end . This is how Archie dies in the pages of "  Life With Archie . " We will not be retconning , reversing or backtracking on this story in terms of "  Life With Archie . " The main Archie line , however , telling stories of Archie in high school , will continue . "  Afterlife With Archie " -LSB- the "  Archie " zombie series -RSB- will continue , and we will keep on taking risks with different and new interpretations of our characters . But as far as we see it , this is how Archie dies . That 's how we approached this story and how we 're treating it .	Archie Andrews will die in upcoming issue of "  Life With Archie " "  Life With Archie " is a look at Archie 's possible future scenarios Series will end one issue after Archie 's death
CNN  -- It 's hard for me to choose the greatest African films of the 21st century as the genres and styles of African cinema have evolved in a big way over the past 20 years or so . Movie makers are now showing a more vibrant Africa than the Francophone filmmakers did before them . I have chosen films that I loved watching and feel that they are a representative of what is out there in African cinema -- the rich mix and melting pot that is African cinema today . From a Whisper - dir . Wanuri Kahiu , Kenya , 2009 This movie is very real and deals with the subject of terrorism -- based on the events surrounding the bomb attacks on the U.S. embassy in Nairobi in 1998 . I liked Ken Ambani 's realistic acting and I loved the music . Wanuri Kahiu is a good director who will go on to make greater films . The cinematography on this film was exceptional and although for me it had plot issues , I think in the end it all came together . Read this : Hollywood classics get African makeover Viva Riva ! -- dir . Djo Munga , DR Congo , 2010 This is simply a sophisticated gangster movie . It has raw energy and puts a human face to all that is happening in the Congo . Sometimes just too real , it is gritty , fun and a must-watch thriller . Sinking Sands - dir . Leila Djansi , Ghana , 2011 This film deals with domestic violence , but based on the personal journey of a man disfigured in an accident , which makes him turn against his wife . Ama K. Abebrese , who plays the wife , made this film for me and she won Best Actress at the African Movie Academy Awards  AMAA  for it , but I felt that director Leila Djansi made the film engage with the audience in an emotional way , showing not just the rawness of domestic violence , but taking us through a range of pain and forgiveness . The film also depicts how women can immerse themselves in guilt and force themselves to feel like the guilty party . Actors Jimmy Jean-Louis and Abebrese made this film a must watch and Djansi chose the right cast to make her directing look beautiful . The camera work on this film was excellent -- a bit dark and grainy , but one thing is for sure : you can not watch "  Sinking Sands " and not be affected . White Waters - dir . Izu Ojukwu , Nigeria , 2007 "  White Waters " was a very good movie . It tells the story of a disadvantaged boy who is discovered as gifted runner . I loved the feel , the music and the fact that it was about achieving something from nothing . I loved the cinematography . Izu Ojukwu , the director and my colleague , is going to shout as I say this , but I believe he is one of the best cinematographers Nigeria has and actor O.C. Ukeje was sensational and made this movie for me . Read more : Capetown takes on Tinseltown Mwansa the Great - dir . Rungano Nyoni , Zambia 2011 This is one of those films that makes Africa great . By showcasing the talents of the children who make up its cast , it shows off Africa 's apparent talent . It 's not just the cast that I enjoyed -- it has lovely directing too . Moolaade - dir . Ousmane Sembene , Senegal , 2004 "  Moolaade " dealt with a subject that most men would rather not deal with -- female genital mutilation . But director Ousmane Semebene was not afraid to tackle the subject and the manner of the film was artistic , yet detailed , and did not derail the issues that most people in Africa are afraid to confront . Coming from Sembene it was important , visual and professionally made -- and it pulls at the viewers ' heart strings . Otelo Burning - dir . Sara Blecher , South Africa , 2011 This is one movie I love , just because of the story line of young black South Africans in the 1980s excelling in surfing -- a sport that was reserved for the whites . The sound and picture quality was also excellent , as was the acting . "  Otelo Burning " is one of the best African films I have ever seen and I feel it should have had a lot more accolades than it did . Read more : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings continent to the small screen Benda Bilili - dir . Renaud Barret , Florent de La Tullaye , DR Congo/France , 2010 This is a great musical documentary telling the story of Staff Benda Bilili -- a group of disabled Congolese musicians . The band members start out making a living on the streets of Kinshasa , before becoming world-famous musicians . Irapada -- dir . Kunle Afolayan , Nigeria , 2007 I love anything to deal with African myths and mysticism . This movie may not have the best sound quality but the storyline was interesting , and it was the first Nollywood film to make it to mainstream film festivals -- including the London Film Festival and Pan African Film festival in Los Angeles -- after winning an AMAA  Best Indigenous Film  in 2007 . Ghett ' a Life - dir . Chris Browne , Jamaica , 2011 Not strictly an African movie , but "  Ghett ' a Life " is one of those films that I just love to watch . The music in this film is brilliant , and the cinematography too . It deals with the political violence in Jamaica in a realistic way , showing that people born in the ghetto can escape . "  Gett ' a Life " can be hard to deal with but when you watch the documentary "  Marley " you begin to understand how politics , music and sports all merge in developing countries . For me , this movie is in the same league as "  Otelo Burning , " with its message that you can get out of the corner if you really try . Story line : excellent , acting : brilliant . What are your favorite African movies of the 21st century ? Let us know in the comments section below .	"  African Oscars " founder picks the best of African cinema Among her choices of 21st century African films are "  From a Whisper " and "  Viva Riva ! " "  Movie makers are now showing a more vibrant Africa , " says Peace Anyiam-Osigwe
CNN  -- Ireland 's strict anti-abortion laws are under fire after an Indian woman living there died after being refused an abortion last month . Savita Halappanavar , 31 , went into a hospital on October 21 , complaining of back pain . She was 17 weeks pregnant at the time . The doctors who examined her told her she was having a miscarriage but denied her an abortion even though she was in extreme pain , her husband has said . Halappanavar died at the hospital , leading lawmakers to call for an investigation into what role abortion laws may have played in her death . "  They knew they could n't help the baby . Why did they not look at the bigger life ? " her husband , Praveen Halappanavar , told the Irish Times . Halappanavar was told that the miscarriage would be over in a matter of hours , said Kitty Holland , who reported the story for the Irish Times . But the hours kept ticking and Halappanavar remained in terrible pain , so her husband asked doctors to expedite the miscarriage by carrying out an abortion . Doctors at Galway University Hospital said that as long as the fetal heartbeat could be felt , the law prevented them from ending the pregnancy , Holland said . Halappanavar died of septicemia , or a blood infection , after three days in the hospital . "  Tuesday morning , came back and said , ` Sorry , ca n't help you . It 's a Catholic country . Ca n't help you . It 's a Catholic team . ' So , Savita said that she was not a Catholic . She is Hindu , so why impose the law of the land on her ? " her husband said . The death led to protests , and top Irish lawmakers are asking whether the law needs to be changed . In Ireland , abortion is legal if the mother 's life is at risk , which is different from her health being at risk , Holland said . The hospital expressed sympathy to Halappanavar 's husband , but noted in a statement that "  the facts of this tragic case have yet to be established . " The hospital is conducting a review of the incident , as it does will all unexpected deaths . The Galway Roscommon University Hospitals Group released a statement saying , "  In the case of a sudden maternal death , these procedures are followed : notification of the death to the coroner ; notification of the death to the HSE 's National Incident Management Team ; the completion of a maternal death notification form . These national procedures are being followed by Galway University Hospital . " Halappanavar 's death is "  particularly tragic and harrowing , and shocking to all concerned , " Irish opposition lawmaker Micheal Martin said before parliament . He called for an independent inquiry into the case "  with personnel from outside the country to participate on such a panel of inquiry . " The Irish government needs to "  establish the full circumstances " of her death , he said . The Irish head of state , Taoiseach Enda Kenny , said two investigations are under way . Gerry Adams , leader of Ireland 's Sinn Fein political party , said it 's time for the government to legislate for abortion in certain medical cases . The incident is garnering attention outside of Ireland , too . In neighboring Northern Ireland , a lawmaker called for a review of abortion laws there , as well . "  An abortion to save the life of the mother is legal here , but the lack of clear guidelines has created such uncertainties and confusion amongst medical staff that such an occurrence could happen again , " Anna Lo said . In London , an abortion rights demonstration took place Wednesday evening outside the Irish Embassy . Who calls the shots on abortion laws ? Pregnant teen dies after abortion ban delays chemo treatment for leukemia CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report	Savita Halappanavar , who was 17 weeks pregnant , went into a hospital complaining of back pain Doctors said she was having a miscarriage that would end in a matter of hours , report says Halappanavar 's husband sought an abortion to end the pain , but doctors refused , citing law Her death led to protests , and top Irish lawmakers are discussing a change to the law
CNN  -- One person was killed and dozens injured after unrest broke out overnight at an Australian detention center for asylum seekers on a remote island in Papua New Guinea , authorities said Tuesday . Detainees breached fences surrounding the facility on Manus Island , which lies several hundred kilometers northeast of mainland Papua New Guinea , the Australian government said . "  This was a very dangerous situation where people decided to protest in a very violent way and to take themselves outside the center and place themselves at great risk , " said Australian Immigration Minister Scott Morrison . Order has now been restored at the facility on Manus , a sparsely populated jungle island , he said . Australia operates controversial offshore centers for processing asylum seekers on Manus and the tiny Pacific island of Nauru . Australian authorities say the far-flung detention centers are a way of deterring people from attempting the perilous sea journey to Australia , where immigration is a delicate political issue . But conditions at the facilities have been criticized by human rights advocates , who have reported cases of self-harm , hunger strikes and suicide attempts . Riots and protests have flared in the past among people held in the centers on Manus and Nauru , many of whom end up there after traveling from South Asia and the Middle East in efforts to reach Australia . Rioting asylum seekers on Nauru burned down their shelters at the processing facility last year . The unrest on Manus overnight followed "  low-level demonstrations " at the center on the island , Morrison said . "  The vast majority of transferees in that facility did not participate in that protest last night , that disturbance , " he said . "  They were removed for their safety to the oval just down the road , and nonessential staff who were running the center were also evacuated prior to things escalating last night . " Most of those hurt in the riots have been treated locally , but two severely injured people are being transferred to Australia , Morrison said . One of the two suffered a gunshot wound to the buttock , he said . A total of 77 people received medical treatment , and 13 of them had serious injuries , authorities said . The person who was killed suffered a head injury outside the center and died on the way to a hospital , he said . "  The news of a death is a great tragedy , " Morrison said , expressing his sympathies to the deceased 's family and friends .	"  This was a very dangerous situation , " an Australian official says People in the Australian detention center on Manus Island breached its fences Human rights groups have criticized the offshore facilities for processing asylum seekers Australian officials say they deter people from attempting the dangerous journey
CNN  -- James Holmes was in "  the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life " at a Colorado movie theater a year ago , his attorneys said in a court filing . It is the first time the defense has admitted that Holmes killed 12 people in the mass shooting , The Denver Post reported . The judge in Holmes ' murder trial last month accepted the defendant 's plea of not guilty by reason of insanity . Suspect to wear hidden harness during trial Holmes previously offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life behind bars if authorities would spare his life , but prosecutors in Arapahoe County announced in April they would seek the death penalty . The defense then decided to make an insanity plea . Judge Carlos Samour Jr. has told attorneys he expects the trial to take place in 2014 . The burden is on the prosecution to prove that Holmes was sane at the time of the shootings . Attorneys will use the results of a mental evaluation as evidence at the trial . Holmes faces murder and other charges in the July 20 , 2012 , shooting spree at the premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Rescue workers were n't prepared for chaos of Aurora shooting CNN 's Jim Spellman and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	In a court filing , Holmes admits to the mass shooting for the first time He is the suspect in last year 's shooting spree at a movie theater in Colorado Court document says he was having "  a psychotic episode " at the time of the shooting
CNN  -- A 19-year-old mathematics major from Austin , Texas , was identified Tuesday as the suspected gunman who fired shots from an AK-47 and then turned the gun on himself , the University of Texas at Austin said . The Travis County Medical Examiner identified Colton Tooley , a sophomore at the university , as the campus shooter . No one else was injured in the incident . Tooley 's motive was not immediately known . According to the university , Tooley began firing the AK-47 near the Littlefield Fountain at about 8:10 a.m. Officers from the University of Texas Police Department and the Austin Police Department pursued Tooley , who went into the Perry-Castaneda Library . He killed himself at the library during the incident , police said . Austin and University of Texas police were searching Tooley 's home in south Austin , CNN affiliate KXAN reported . Police were checking campus buildings for possible explosives left behind , said Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo . Authorities said earlier they were searching for a possible second suspect , but Robert Dahlstrom , chief of staff in the Austin Police Depart , said they now do not believe there is one . "  A suspected shooter in PCL library is dead , " said an alert posted on the university 's emergency website at 10:30 a.m. "  If you are off campus , STAY AWAY . If you are on campus , lock doors , do not leave your building . All organized classes for today , September 28 , are canceled . " The campus had been on lockdown since an alert went out , but spokeswoman Rhonda Weldon said students were allowed to leave , and shuttle buses were to transport students and staff away from the campus . The university canceled all classes for the day . An ambulance was seen just before 9 a.m. in front of the Perry-Castaneda library , CNN affiliate KXAN reported . SWAT teams , armored vehicles and helicopters surrounded the campus . "  I extend my sympathy to the family , friends , and classmates of the young student who took his life , " said university President Bill Powers , who thanked police for their response to the emergency . "  In the days ahead we will attempt to understand his actions and to learn from this tragedy . " University of Texas professor Randall Wilhite heard gunshots on his way to class and saw students scrambling to safety . He said he saw a man in a dark suit and a ski mask pulled over his face running toward the direction of the library a little after 8 a.m. Wilhite said the man was carrying what appeared to be an assault rifle and fired it randomly . "  When I pulled up in my car , he stood right in front of me and did n't stop running but turned in my direction , fired three shots into the ground to the left of my car and kept running . I was n't sure it was real until I saw the bullets strike the ground to my left . " Student Micah Geisenberg was already on a bus to the university when he received an e-mail alert to stay away . "  It 's chaos right now , " said Geisenberg , who heard a gunshot as he got off the bus near the library . Matt Holiner heard a series of loud bangs from his dorm room , a couple of blocks south of the library . He suspected they might be gunshots , especially when he saw people running away . By mid-morning , there were at least 10 police cars outside his window . "  It 's been quite an exciting morning to say the least , " he said . The library is about two blocks from clock tower , where student Charles Whitman went on a shooting spree after killing his wife and mother . On August 1 , 1966 , Whitman , 25 , killed three people in the tower and then another 10 from the tower 's observation deck before police shot him dead . His actions were blamed on narcotics abuse coupled with health , family and legal problems . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Gunman identified as Colton Tooley , 19 , of Austin Officials do n't believe there was a second gunman Students are allowed to leave The gunman has died and no one else was injured
CNN  -- Here 's a fact that may surprise people : Garbage collecting is one of the most dangerous jobs you can do . A bulldozer shuffles more trash on to a heap on a landfill in Macedonia . According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , the people who collect our trash are carrying out "  high-hazard " roles . And staggeringly , they are three times more likely to be killed at work than the police or fire services are , according to Toxicsaction.org . Much of this could have to do with a fairly basic fact : the majority of our trash goes to landfills , and landfills have been accused of  among other things  being breeding grounds for disease . If landfills do leak , leachate -- a toxic substance -- is released into the groundwater and soil , leading to the possibility that local drinking water supplies could get contaminated . And one of the contaminants that can potentially escape into the water supply is vinyl chloride , a human carcinogen . According to Toxicsaction.org , there have been higher incidences of liver cancer , bladder cancer , lung cancer , leukemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma among adults that live within close vicinity of landfills -- while children have been known to be born with birth defects . Modern landfills are now installed with filtering systems , so they in theory should n't leak at all . But as far as the old ones are concerned , that 's not always necessarily the case , according to a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  report in 1987 which said : "  eventually all landfills leak " . ` Landfill gas ' Aside from leachate , there is , of course , the massive environmental risk associated with landfills . Landfills give out what is commonly referred to as "  landfill gas , " made up 50 percent to 60 percent methane and 35 percent to 40 percent carbon dioxide  CO2  . Methane is more than 20 times more powerful than CO2 when it comes to heating the atmosphere , scientists say . And landfills are releasing enough of it to earn them the title of biggest methane producers in the world .  The world 's methane levels have also tripled in the last 150 years , according to PlanetArk According to the EPA , in 2000 , global landfills accounted for more than 730 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent -- representing more than 12 percent of global methane emissions .  The United States , Africa , Eastern Europe and China together contributed 42 percent of the world 's landfill-generated methane emissions .  And the figures are going to keep growing , the EPA says , by 9 percent between 2005 and 2020 . Just 1 million tons of waste in a landfill produces enough methane , that if you removed it from the atmosphere , the EPA says , it would be the same as taking 8,800 cars off the road . Waste varies by nation The amount we send to landfill varies vastly from one country to another , but in sheer number of tons , the clear leaders are China and the United Staes . According to United Nations figures , the U.S. sends 53.4 percent percent of its municipal waste  222 million tons  to landfills , while China is catching up , with 43 percent of its waste going to landfills  148 million tons  .  China has a growing waste problem , with now 65 percent of its cities on the edge of landfills , according to Time . It is estimated that the U.S alone could have around 10,000 abandoned landfills which are a potential hazard to those that live nearby . But according to the United Nations Environmental Protection Programme  UNEP  , that number could be even higher . According to UNEP , "  tens of thousands of square kilometers of land " worldwide have been contaminated to date by inadequate landfills and the unsafe handling of hazardous waste . The agency says the U.S could have as many as 40,000 of them , with six European countries having another 55,000 .  According to WasteAge , less than 10 percent to 15 percent of closed U.S. landfills ever get redeveloped . The developing world 's landfill problems are getting increasingly severe , too , UNEP says . It points out that in Latin America , two-fifths of landfills that exist "  do not meet even minimum standards , and are little more than rubbish tips , " UNEP says . While in Africa , anything up to 80 percent of solid waste is left out in the open , presumably untreated . Some governments around the world have come to the conclusion in recent years that securing old landfills -- by redeveloping them  or regenerating , as it is known  into something else -- is better than doing nothing at all . Landfills have been redeveloped over the years with varying degrees of success .  Around 70 golf courses in the U.S. used to be landfill sites , according to WasteAge  . According to the Scotsman newspaper , a landfill site in Glasgow has drawn ire from locals over the years who suspect that it 's toxic waste could be responsible for Down 's syndrome births in the surrounding areas . The locals have more reason to be cheerful these days , however , since the local county council decided to transform it into the UK 's largest urban forest . Liverpool is another city in the UK that was heralded for its decision to build a park on top of its old landfill . Even Fresh Kills , in New York , which before its closure in 2001 was given the accolade of the world 's biggest landfill  covering 3.5 square miles , with 225-feet high towers of trash and allegedly viewable by space  is being primed for development as an urban paradise -- although it could take up to 20 years to bear fruit . According to the Sierra Club , the Center for Urban Restoration Ecology  CURE  , lacking the funding to fully regenerate the Fresh Kills site , set out to see if it could prompt natural forces to take care of it for them back in the early 1990s . CURE planted a small number of trees and shrubs to attract birds , bees and small mammals to it in the hope that they in turn could drop more seeds to develop it further .  As CURE 's director said in an interview with Sierra Club , "  We wanted to find out if we could enlist the birds as landscape architects . " All seems to be going well there so far . But in Thailand , it 's another story and perhaps there is a lesson here for any governments looking to regenerate their landfills on a more ambitious scale . Cracks have been appearing in the runway at Bangkok Airport , according to Time , delaying take-offs and disrupting schedules . It turns out Suvarnabhumi International is sitting on a landfill -- which may be sinking . E-mail to a friend Sources : WasteAge , Time , Sierra Club , CNN.com , Scotsman , Treehugger.com , Environmental Protection Agency , United Nations Environmental Protection Programme , Project Integra , ToxicsAction.org , PlanetArk	China and U.S landfill more waste than any other countries Landfills are the biggest emitters of the greenhouse gas , methane Higher incidences of cancer , other diseases amongst people living near landfills "  Tens of thousands of square kilometers " of land could be contaminated
CNN  -- Protesters carried a Mexican flag stained with fake blood in the country 's capital this week -- a symbol , they said , of President Felipe Calderon 's six-year term . Just a few hours later , Mexican television broadcast video of the outgoing president brushing his hand across a pristine flag as triumphant music played in the background . The images showed two drastically different interpretations of Calderon 's legacy : a fed-up public that has grown weary of a brutal drug war ; and a president who maintains that his fight against organized crime was necessary and , by some measures , successful . "  I leave having accomplished my duty and responsibility to serve Mexico , " said Calderon , whose term ends this week . "  I have worked to leave a stronger , healthier country , with a better justice system and a solid economy . " But activists offered a much harsher assessment , staging a protest in Mexico City dubbed "  A Recounting of the Damage : A Six-Year Term of Death . " "  Felipe Calderon leaves as a traitor to the country , as the president of devastation and contempt , " the Movement for Peace with Justice and Dignity said in a statement , slamming Calderon 's "  clumsy attempt to reduce crime . " Mexico 's new leader to CNN : The key weapon in drug war Calderon : We had to make ` difficult decisions ' In his farewell address , broadcast Wednesday night , the president thanked the country 's public officials , military and police for "  defending Mexican families . " Calderon noted that his government had passed universal health care and kept Mexico 's economy stable in the face of the global financial crisis . But he did not explicitly mention the controversial six-year crackdown on drug cartels that began in 2006 , when he deployed federal troops to fight organized crime . The battle became a hallmark of his tenure , and has sparked mounting criticism in recent years . Government statistics estimate that 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence since Calderon took office . More : How the drug war started The Mexican government has not released official figures since January , and others estimate a much higher death toll . Officials have repeatedly said that brutal battles between rival cartels fueled the violence . And in earlier speeches , Calderon has noted that 25 of the country 's 37 most-wanted drug traffickers were killed or captured during his tenure . "  Thanks to all Mexicans for your understanding before the very difficult decisions that we had to make in order to face so many complicated challenges , " Calderon said in his address . "  Beyond my capabilities and limitations , I assure you that I have put all my willingness and understanding to work toward the common good of Mexicans . " A recent national survey by the Mexican firm Gabinete de Comunicacion Estrategica  Strategic Communications Office  revealed that nearly 66 % of Mexicans questioned believe that drug traffickers were winning the organized crime fight . In that same survey , 52 % of the 2,000-person sample questioned said they approved of Calderon 's approach to combating cartels . Analysts offer different assessments of whether Calderon 's drug war strategy worked . Some have argued that the president entered the battle without realizing the enemy 's capabilities . "  I think the adversary was larger and more harmful than we thought , " security expert Eduardo Guerrero told CNN en Espa  ol in 2010 . "  It was much more capable of responding to the government 's strategy , and getting stronger . " Others have said Calderon had no choice but to move forward . "  When Calderon came to power , it was already going on . The only option was to use the army and the federal police . If he had n't done it ... in no time you would have organized crime controlling the country , " Jorge Chabat , who studies security at Mexico 's Center for Research and Teaching in Economics , said last year . "  If he had waited until the army and police were prepared , Mexico would have more kidnappings , more extortion . He had no other option . It was a bad option , but the others were worse . " Defiant former Mexican mayor assassinated But critics , like the peace movement that protested Wednesday , have said Calderon 's administration has n't done enough to help the drug war 's victims . And activists have accused his government of turning a blind eye to human rights abuses committed by police and troops fighting the drug war . In his September state of the union address , Calderon defended his approach , and said abuses by authorities combating cartels were the exception , not the rule . "  And far from hiding them , " he said , "  in all the cases that were brought to light , action was taken against those responsible . " This week , in his home state of Michoacan , where Calderon first announced his crackdown on cartels , banners with farewell messages addressed to him hung from prominent bridges . They were purportedly signed by the Knights Templar , a splinter cartel that surged in the state last year . Calderon heads to Harvard President-elect Enrique Pena Nieto , who takes office Saturday , has said he plans to take a different approach , focusing on reducing violence . He has offered few specifics about how his security policies will differ from Calderon 's strategy , but he 's said that change is coming . "  We will keep the policies that I think work , " Pena Nieto said this week , "  including cooperation with the United States to effectively fight organized crime . " As Pena Nieto prepared to take the reins this week , Mexicans learned the answer to a question that has been the subject of much speculation : Where will Calderon go , now that his term is ending ? Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government announced Wednesday that the outgoing Mexican president will spend the next year as a global public leaders fellow at the school . "  President Calderon is a vivid example of a dynamic and committed public servant , who took on major challenges in Mexico , " David T. Ellwood , the school 's dean , said in a statement . Hours after the announcement , a Mexican researcher who is studying ethics and corruption at Harvard this year said university officials should reconsider the move . "  I am alarmed that Harvard will protect a person as unethical as Felipe Calderon , " Irma E. Sandoval wrote in a Twitter post . Sandoval , who is a fellow this year at Harvard 's Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics and also heads a corruption and transparency research laboratory at Mexico 's National Autonomous University , said she was hoping others at Harvard would join her in protesting Calderon 's appointment . The outgoing president , she told CNN , does not deserve the one-year fellowship . "  He is handing over a country in flames , " she said . At the end of the video released by the Mexican president 's office Wednesday , Calderon strides down the steps of his official residence . "  As a citizen I will continue serving the country passionately until the end of my days , always grateful for the privilege I have been given to be Mexican . Many thanks , and see you soon , Mexico , " the president says . He looks up toward a flag , fluttering in the sky . CNN en Espa  ol 's Krupskaia Alis and Rey Rodriguez , and CNNMexico 's Rodrigo Soberanes contributed to this report .	Mexican President Felipe Calderon gives a farewell message He thanks Mexicans for understanding the "  difficult decisions " he had to make Protesters in the country 's capital criticize his "  six-year term of death " Calderon , whose presidency ends this week , will head to Harvard
