More than 1 million Iraqis have been forced from their homes by conflict this year , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday -- a number likely only to rise as Islamist militants and Iraqi security forces battle for control . A humanitarian crisis is brewing , as families who 've fled fighting with little more than the clothes on their back seek water , food and shelter from the summer heat . Meanwhile , the first of up to 300 U.S. military advisers will arrive in Iraq as soon as Saturday , a senior defense official told CNN . This first group from outside Iraq is expected to be very small , the official said . In addition , some U.S. military personnel already in Iraq at the security cooperation office in the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad will be reassigned and become the first of the advisers to go to work , Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . An estimated 500,000 people fled Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , last week after it fell to fighters from the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq  ISIS  . On Friday , the International Committee of the Red Cross in Iraq put the number who fled Mosul , with its population of 1.6 million , at about 800,000 . Already , a half-million people were displaced from Iraq 's western Anbar province , where Sunni militants have been dominant since early this year . U.S. sending military advisers For days , the United States has considered what to do about the militants , and on Thursday , President Barack Obama said he was prepared to send as many as 300 military advisers to Iraq , adding that America was not returning to a combat role in the country . The first group of advisers will begin work by conducting an initial assessment of Iraqi troop capabilities and on what may be needed for a larger group of U.S. advisers , including additional security measures where they may be deployed , a senior defense official said Friday . But the United States has not reached an agreement with Iraq to provide legal protections to the U.S. military advisers . "  We are pursuing something in writing , " Kirby said Friday . He said Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel "  is absolutely committed to making sure that our troops have the legal protections , and he would not do that on a nod and a wink . " Kirby said the U.S. did not foresee a problem getting the Iraqi government to sign such an agreement because Iraq had requested this U.S. support . The United States withdrew its final troops from Iraq at the end of 2011 , nearly nine years after leading the invasion that ousted longtime leader Saddam Hussein . Al-Maliki under pressure As ISIS , born from an al Qaeda splinter group and supported by many Sunni factions , continues its fierce advance in Iraq , senior U.S. officials tell CNN that the Obama administration is of the belief that Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is not the leader Iraq needs to unify the country and end sectarian tensions . The Prime Minister 's Shiite-dominated government is accused of fostering sectarian tensions by marginalizing Iraq 's Sunni Arab and Kurd minorities . Obama told CNN on Friday that U.S. military efforts are hopeless without a change in government . "  If we do n't see Sunni , Shia and Kurd representation in the military command structure , if we do n't see Sunni , Shia and Kurd political support for what we 're doing , we wo n't do it , " he told CNN 's Kate Bolduan in an interview . The complete interview will be aired Monday on CNN 's "  New Day . " ISIS takes old chemical facility Fighting raged across Iraq . Iraqi security forces regained control of the Baiji oil refinery , the largest in Iraq , on Friday following a night of fighting , Iraqi security officials in Samarra told CNN . Iraqiya State TV reported that Iraqi security forces killed an undisclosed number of ISIS fighters . Also on Thursday , ISIS militants took control of a facility that Saddam Hussein once used to produce and store chemical weapons . But the State Department doubts that the Al Muthanna complex contains any material of "  military value . " "  The materials in the bunkers , which date from the 1980s , are of little military value and would be very difficult to safely move , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday . 50 million forced from their homes worldwide , U.N. says Kerry : U.S. would communicate with Iran , not work with it , against ISIS Opinion : Ignore neo-cons , the last thing Iraq needs is more war Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis	Obama says military solution wo n't work without political change U.S. seeking legal protections for 300 advisers Iraqi forces take back control of country 's largest oil refinery Conflict in Iraq so far this year has displaced more than 1 million people , UNHCR says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Four senators pushed for a bill Wednesday to ban texting while driving , a day after a study found that drivers who text while on the road are much more likely to have an accident than undistracted drivers . A law that went into effect January 1 in California makes it illegal to send text messages while driving . Sens. Chuck Schumer , D-New York ; Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey ; Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana ; and Kay Hagan , D-North Carolina , unveiled the ALERT Act , which would ban truck and car drivers and operators of mass transit from texting while driving . The proposed legislation would prohibit any driver from sending text or e-mail messages while driving a vehicle , said an earlier news release from the senators . If the bill passes , the Department of Transportation would set the minimum standards for compliance . States that do not enact text-banning laws within two years of the bill 's passage could lose 25 percent of their federal highway funds , Schumer said in a news conference announcing the legislation . The noncompliant states could recuperate that money once they meet the text-banning standards , Schumer said . CTIA , a cellular phone industry group , said that it supports legislation that addresses text messaging while driving . "  CTIA and our member companies continue to believe text messaging while driving is incompatible with safe driving , " said a statement on CTIA 's Web site . Fourteen states , including the home states of three of the bill 's sponsors , and the District of Columbia already have laws barring texting while driving : Alaska , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Louisiana , Maryland , Minnesota , New Jersey , North Carolina , Tennessee , Utah , Virginia and Washington . Interactive map : See state-by-state policies on distracted driving " New York does not ban texting while driving but has barred the use of handheld phones while driving , according to the Governor 's Highway Safety Association . Schumer said New York 's legislature has sent Gov. David Paterson a bill to ban texting as well . "  The legislation will send an important message to drivers across the country : Get your hands off the cell phone and back on the wheel , " Schumer said . The senators cited a Virginia Tech Transportation Institute study that found that truck drivers who texted while driving were 23 times more likely to crash or get into a near-accident than undistracted drivers . Watch more on the dangers of driving and texting When compared with dialing , talking , listening or reaching for an electronic device , texting posed the greatest accident risk , the study found . It attributed the increased risk to the almost five seconds it found that the driver 's eyes were off the roadway while texting , said Rich Hanowski , the director of the Center for Truck and Bus Safety at the transportation institute . "  Not having -LSB- a cell phone -RSB- in your hand while driving could be the difference between life and death , " Menendez said . In September , a commuter train engineer missed a stop signal while trading text messages with a friend , leading to a collision with a freight train that killed 25 people in California , according to federal investigators . The accident also injured 101 people . In May , 62 people were injured when one trolley struck another in Boston , Massachusetts , the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority said . In July , the operator of one trolley was charged with gross negligence after he admitted to texting seconds before the accident with the other trolley , according to the Suffolk County district attorney and a National Transportation Safety Board official . CNN Radio 's John Lisk contributed to this report .	14 states and the District of Columbia have banned texting while driving Four senators push for a bill that bans the practice nationwide New study finds drivers who text while driving more likely to have an accident "  Get your hands off the cell phone and back on the wheel , " one senator says
San Francisco , California -- A federal judge ruled Wednesday that the government is liable for illegally wiretapping an Islamic charity without a valid search warrant . The ruling in Northern California District Court reaffirmed an earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps conducted on an Oregon-based Islamic non-profit organization were illegal . In Wednesday 's ruling , District Judge Vaughn R. Walker said the government is liable for damages from the illegal wiretapping . The United States has designated the Oregon-based al-Haramain Islamic Foundation as a terrorist organization . The group , which has sued the government over alleged warrantless wiretapping , is demanding classified information about the program launched by President George W. Bush 's administration . U.S. officials have refused to tell the charity 's lawyers whether the group was subjected to presidentially authorized , warrantless , foreign intelligence surveillance in 2004 and , if so , what information was obtained . The U.S. stance originated under the Bush administration in what is called the "  state secrets " defense , which allows courts to block lawsuits against the government on grounds that the litigation could harm national security . Under Bush , the government refused to turn over any classified evidence . Attorney General Eric Holder , appointed when President Barack Obama took office in January 2009 , has so far maintained the state secrets defense in the al-Haramain case , but indicated a willingness to consider sharing information with judges in certain cases . "  An additional review was conducted at the highest levels of the Department of Justice to determine whether continued invocation of the privilege was warranted , " the government told the court last May . "  Based on that review , it is the government 's position that disclosure of classified information ... would create intolerable risks to national security . " Walker 's ruling Wednesday rejected that defense , saying that for the purposes of the case , the court decided there was no warrant for the wiretaps because the government refused to confirm one existed . "  Defendants have foregone multiple opportunities to show that a warrant existed , including specifically rejecting the method created by Congress for this very purpose , " the ruling said . Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler said the ruling was under review . Schmaler noted that the Obama administration policy on the state secrets defense has changed so that it is "  narrowly tailored . " The government , which has previously appealed rulings against it in the case , has 45 days to notify the court if it intends to file an appeal this time . In 2007 the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a ruling by Walker in the same case in which he had rejected the government 's state secrets privilege . The ruling , however , left unanswered whether applicable laws could pre-empt the state secrets privilege , so al-Haramain went back to court to continue the fight on that issue . CNN 's Bill Mears and Terry Frieden contributed to this story .	Ruling reaffirmed earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps were illegal . District Judge Vaughn R. Walker said the government is liable for damages Justice Department spokeswoman said the ruling was under review
CNN  -- To the surprise of many , including me , President Barack Obama has nominated former Nebraska Sen. Chuck Hagel to be his next defense secretary . Like many Texans , I am grateful for Hagel 's courageous military service , but I fear he is the wrong man to lead the Pentagon . One of the biggest foreign-policy challenges of Obama 's second term is preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons -- which means we need a defense secretary who understands the nature and magnitude of the Iranian threat . Based on his record , Hagel does not . In July 2001 , 96 U.S. senators voted to extend sanctions against Iran . Chuck Hagel was one of only two senators who voted against sanctions . A year later , he urged the Bush administration to support Iranian membership in the World Trade Organization . Even more disturbing , Hagel voted against a 2007 measure that called for the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps  IRGC  to be designated a terrorist group .  At the time , the IRGC was aiding and equipping Shiite militias that were murdering U.S. troops in Iraq .  A few weeks after this vote , Hagel sent a letter to President George W. Bush asking him to launch "  direct , unconditional , and comprehensive talks " with the Iranian government , which the State Department has labeled a state sponsor of terrorism every year since 1984 . In July 2008 , Hagel recommended that Washington go beyond direct talks and establish a U.S. diplomatic mission in Tehran . Later that month , in a Senate Banking Committee vote , he was one of only two senators to oppose the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability and Divestment Act .  Obama signed a subsequent version of this bill in July 2010 . Finally , in his 2008 book , "  America : Our Next Chapter , " Hagel appeared to suggest that the United States could live with a nuclear Iran , writing that "  the genie of nuclear armaments is already out of the bottle , no matter what Iran does . " These comments and actions indicate that he does not fully appreciate the dangers of a nuclear Iran or the character of the Iranian regime . It is a regime that has effectively been at war with the United States since 1979 -- a regime whose proxies  such as the terrorist group Hezbollah  have killed Americans in Lebanon , Afghanistan , Iraq , and elsewhere . For that matter , Tehran was recently implicated in a plot to blow up a restaurant  and the Saudi ambassador  in our nation 's capital . This is not a government that calculates self-interest the way America does . It is a messianic theocracy intent on exporting its violent Islamist revolution . And if Tehran gets the bomb , we might soon have a nuclear arms race in one of the world 's most volatile regions . It is no exaggeration to say that a nuclear Iran represents an existential threat to Israel . And yet , while Hagel wants us to be softer on the Iranians , he thinks we should be tougher on the Israelis . In October 2000 , at the beginning of the second Palestinian intifada , he was one of only four senators who refused to sign a letter to President Bill Clinton affirming U.S. solidarity with Israel . More recently , in January 2009 , Hagel signed a letter advising Obama to spearhead direct , unconditional talks with Hamas , a terrorist group that had just fired hundreds of rockets into Israel . Lest we forget , Hamas is an Iranian proxy whose senior leaders openly pray for genocidal violence against both Israelis and Americans . Last year , for example , a Hamas official named Ahmad Bahr , who serves as deputy speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council , declared in a sermon , "  Oh Allah , destroy the Jews and their supporters . Oh Allah , destroy the Americans and their supporters . Oh Allah , count them one by one , and kill them all , without leaving a single one . " Thus , by nominating Hagel for defense secretary , the president has sent the worst possible message to our closest Middle Eastern ally and our greatest Middle Eastern enemy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Cornyn .	John Cornyn : Obama 's defense secretary nominee , Chuck Hagel , is wrong for the job His actions show he does n't grasp the magnitude of Iran 's threat , Cornyn says Cornyn says Hagel opposed Iran sanctions , urged Bush to hold talks Cornyn : With Hagel pick , Obama has sent the worst message to allies and foes
CNN  -- The long-running battle between a Tennessee Muslim community and its critics over a new mosque took a dramatic turn with a county judge 's ruling that could bring construction to a halt . "  Everyone is really shocked , many people are crying about this , " Imam Ossama Bahloul , leader of the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro  ICM  , said Wednesday . "  We did exactly what other churches in the county did , " he said . "  We followed the same process that other churches did . Why did this happen ? Some people feel like it is discrimination . " Chancellor Robert Corlew ruled Tuesday that plans for the new mosque , previously approved by a planning commission , are now "  void and of no effect . " Opinion : America , how can Muslim-Americans reach non-Muslims ? He said the planning commission violated state law by not providing proper public notice . The ruling throws the date of the mosque 's completion , scheduled for July , up in the air . Rutherford County Attorney Jim Cope said Corlew did not address the issue of whether work on the mosque has to stop right away . County planners will discuss options and determine an appropriate course of action , he said . Cain : Opposing mosque construction is not discrimination Bahloul said construction will go on until the Islamic Center receives orders to stop . "  The ruling was a bit foggy , " he said . "  We will do what 's right . " Sally Wall , a critic of the decision to approve the mosque , said Corlew 's opinion was correct "  because there was no due process . " She told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday evening that the public knew nothing until "  it was a done deal . " "  It 's not a matter of Islamophobia with me , " Wall said . "  The county government is supposed to operate in a particular way ... People who live in an area where a mosque or anything else is going to be built are supposed to have a right to say something about it . " In his opinion , Corlew said he would allow attorneys for those who filed suit over the mosque approval process to prepare an order for his review . Attorney Joe Brandon lodged such an order Wednesday . It will be held five business days , after which the judge can review and sign it . The order says the May 2010 decision by planning commissioners to approve the center 's plans failed to meet public notice requirements . It decrees "  a permanent injunction is entered against defendant county officials from taking any further actions or permitting any third party from taking any further actions inconsistent with this order . " Corlew did not order an immediate stop to construction , Cope argued . "  An order is not final for 30 days , " the county attorney said . We ca n't go out there  and stop construction  and then be sued by the ICM . They can file suit against us . " The judge 's opinion , according to Cope , also could be appealed . "  We 're very much premature in telling someone to stop something . " Corlew , in a statement Wednesday , said he could not comment and the case was still pending , without a final order . Brandon told "  AC360 " that construction should stop because of the ruling . During the trial , attorneys for the mosque 's opposition argued that the county failed to alert the public about meetings before the mosque was approved , CNN affiliate WTVF reported . Rutherford County attorneys said that the meetings were announced in the local free newspaper and on its website and that the notices clearly complied with Tennessee law . The judge , however , said the announcements in a local paper were "  in relatively small type near the bottom of a page which contained a number of advertisements and legal notices , most of which were provided by the city of Murfreesboro . " Corlew said his decision does not preclude the county from "  again considering the same issues at a subsequent hearing when proper notice is given . " The Islamic Center has 30 days to appeal the ruling and plans to apply again for a permit , spokesman Saleh Sbenaty said . "  Hopefully , this time , the county will make it right , " he said . "  We followed the process according to the law . There is no question about it . We are singled out just because of our faith . " The Council on American-Islamic Relations called on the Justice Department to ensure the religious rights of Muslims in Tennessee . "  American Muslim constitutional rights should not be diminished merely because anti-Muslim bigots are able to manufacture a controversy about what would otherwise be normal religious activities , " said Gadeir Abbas , staff attorney for the organization , which advocates for Muslim civil liberties . "  The judge 's ruling is apparently based on a fictitious ` heightened standard ' for public notice when Muslims are involved , " he said . The mosque expansion gained national attention , including a CNN documentary , because in some ways , it was similar to the proposal to build an Islamic center two blocks from the site of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks in New York . The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro has existed for more than a decade , but the fight erupted when planning commissioners approved the 52,960-square-foot building on Veals Road . The backlash was stinging and included intimidation , lawsuits and an August 2010 fire that destroyed construction equipment and damaged vehicles at the construction site for the mosque . Police said it was arson . A sign announcing the mosque was spray-painted with the words "  Not Welcome . " For months , mosque leaders searched for contractors willing and able to do the job . Because of the opposition and threats the project has provoked , the construction job became more complicated . The work now requires more layers of security , including cameras . My Take : This just in , Tennessee court says Islam is a religion Some contractors were n't willing to take the job . Mosque leaders said contractors told them it had become too much of a hot-button issue and presented too much of a risk to their business and equipment . Several contractors began the bidding process but never finished . Mosque officials said one contractor told them that he needed the work but that the leaders of his own church were against the new Islamic center . In September , Corlew , the Rutherford County judge , ruled that the Muslim group had a right to build the larger facility . In the opinion , Corlew said organizations must be treated equally under current land-use ordinances , but added that some of the county 's land use laws are "  in dire need of revision . " Corlew also wrote that the plaintiffs suing Rutherford County 's planning commission can challenge whether the mosque 's approval violated open meeting laws . That led to the lawsuit and trial that was decided this week . Opponents of the mosque have also argued that Islam is not a real religion deserving of First Amendment protections and claimed that the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro has links to terrorism , WTVF reported . The judge dismissed those allegations , the affiliate reported . The congregation has outgrown its old facility and worshippers have to pray outside the crowded mosque , said Bahloul , the leader of the Islamic Center . "  I am confident that American values will prevail in this , " the imam said . "  What makes America so special is how it handles freedom . This decision does not seem like it reflects American values . "	Attorney criticizes continuation of construction Islamic Center imam says construction will go on until the mosque is ordered to stop The ruling says the public was not adequately alerted before plans were approved The mosque 's spokesman says Muslims are being singled out because of their faith
CNN  -- Did Mars rover Opportunity order a jelly doughnut ? Not quite , but scientists are baffled by a white rock with a dark red low spot in the middle that "  just plain appeared at that spot " on the planet where the rover is situated , says Steve Squyres , lead scientist of the Mars Exploration Rover mission . In recent weeks , Opportunity took photos of the same spot on Mars , 12 days apart . The rover 's panoramic camera showed only barren bedrock on mission day 3528  in Mars time  , but on day 3540 , a photo of the same scene revealed the mysterious , doughnut-shaped rock . Squyres showed photos of this ghostly geological dessert at a recent NASA event celebrating 10 years since the Spirit and Opportunity rovers landed on Mars . Spirit 's mission ended in 2010 after losing the use of two wheels , and ceasing to communicate . But Opportunity is still chugging along and finding new surprises , such as this rock . "  One of the things I like to say is that Mars keeps throwing new things at us , " Squyres said at the event , gesturing toward the rock photo and laughing . NASA : Watch the presentation The photos of the outcrop showing the absence , and then presence , of the pastry-sized rock were taken 12 days apart . The rover had not driven over that spot , Squyres said . There are two leading theories about where the rock , called "  Pinnacle Island , " came from . Neither of them include the possibility of an intergalactic Dunkin' Donuts . The most likely scenario is that Opportunity flicked the rock with one of its wheels . "  We had driven a meter or two away from here , and somehow maybe one of the wheels , kind of , managed to spit it out of the ground , and have it slide to this position , " Squyres said . Alternatively , there could be a smoking hole in the ground nearby and the rock could be a piece of crater ejecta , or piece of matter spewn from the impact of a meteorite . Squyres does n't think this is as likely as the idea that the rover displaced the rock , however . Opportunity is now studying the mystery rock more extensively , making measurements and taking pictures . Its instruments have shown scientists that the "  jelly " part is "  like nothing we 've ever seen before , " Squyres said . It 's very high in sulfur and magnesium , and it has twice as much manganese as has ever been seen in anything on Mars . No one knows what that means . "  We 're completely confused , we 're having a wonderful time , everyone on the team is arguing and fighting , " Squyres said . Spirit landed on January 4 , 2004 , followed by Opportunity on January 25 , 2004 . Their primary missions were designated for a mere 90 days , but both far outlasted that target . Squyres said he used to think that no matter how long the rovers lasted , at some point there would be a point in the mission where the team could say "  We 're finished " -- that they had learned everything could about Mars with those particular vehicles . But the Red Planet is n't like that . "  There will be something tantalizing , something wonderful just beyond our reach that we did n't quite get to , and that 's the nature of exploration , " he said . Opportunity has otherwise encountered scientifically important phenomena during its decade of investigation . At Endeavor Crater , where it is today , the rover found clay minerals that form in watery conditions , and indicate that water with a neutral pH could have once been there , which would be conducive to microbial life if there had been any . Endeavor has also unveiled veins of a mineral that appears to be gypsum , which is deposited by water . Opportunity is not the only robot roaming Mars . NASA 's 2-ton Curiosity rover , which landed in 2012 , has an even more powerful suite of scientific instruments . Because of Curiosity 's findings , NASA announced for the first time last year that life could have existed on Mars . NASA is planning another rover mission in 2020 -- and that future robot could , possibly , collect samples that would later return to Earth for further study . Such sophisticated technologies will help us see what other mysterious "  sweets " the planet can deliver . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	A mysterious rock , shaped and sized like a doughnut , has appeared on Mars The rover Opportunity is studying the rock Rock appeared in photo , 12 days after previous photo showed no rock Opportunity has been exploring Mars since January 2004
EW.com  -- Well ... you ca n't say "  Cougar Town 's " cast and producers did n't try . The third season of ABC 's comedy returned significantly lower in the ratings . In its new  and much tougher  time period , "  Cougar Town " delivered 4.8 million viewers and a 1.8 adults 18-49 rating Tuesday night . This is a series low for the show  The CW 's "  Ringer " also had some particularly bad news , below  . It 's arguably unfair to compare "  Cougar Town " to its own 3.4 premiere last year  from which it 's down 47 percent  . The show debuted in the fall on Wednesday nights with a lead-in from top-rated "  Modern Family . " Whereas last night 's time slot in a few short months has been haunted by the short-lived "  Man Up "  which premiered to a 2.4 rating  and "  Work It "  2.0  . "  Cougar Town 's " 1.8 rating is about average for this slot , but that 's not great considering the two shows that mainly generated that number were cancelled . It 's lead-in , "  Last Man Standing , " had 7.6 million viewers and a 2.0 rating . The numbers follow the show 's cast and creator Bill Lawrence traveling the country and guerrilla marketing the hell out of "  Cougar Town " for the past month . Yesterday , Lawrence told us that he figured the show would return lower , but had hopes for the upcoming weeks . "  Here 's what I really think will happen : I think the show will not premiere as high as people hope , " Lawrence predicted to EW . "  And what I hope will happen is what always happened on "  Scrubs " when they brought it back . The first week , the numbers are always lower than their predecessor ... But what would happen then , as people became educated that the show was back on , each week it would be higher . The next week , the gap would be closed . " Also it should be noted that Valentine 's Day is pretty lousy for shows in general . Overall TV usage was down 7.3 percent last night , according to Nielsen . Meanwhile ABC 's "  The River "  5.0 million , 1.7  is getting washed out , falling 29 percent its second week . At 10 p.m. "  Body of Proof "  6.2 million , 1.2  was soft . No Valentine for Sarah Michelle Gellar : With only a repeat of "  Hart of Dixie " for a lead-in , "  Ringer "  1.1 million , 0.3  fell a stunning 40 percent from last week to a series low  and down 50 percent from its midseason return two weeks ago  . A 0.3 rating is like "  Remodeled " and "  H8R " territory for The CW . Also Tuesday : CBS won the night with "  NCIS "  3.9  , "  NCIS : LA "  3.2  and "  Unforgettable "  2.3  -- all down between 3-7 percent . . Fox was second with "  Glee "  2.8  down 15 percent , "  New Girl "  3.2  down 9 percent and a steady "  Raising Hope "  2.1  . NBC was third with "  Biggest Loser "  2.0  down 13 percent to a season low and "  Parenthood "  1.6  . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Cougar Town " delivered 4.8 million viewers on Tuesday night The show debuted in the fall on Wednesdays with a lead-in from "  Modern Family " Overall TV usage was down 7.3 percent on Valentine 's Day , according to Nielsen
CNN  -- Officials in Hoover , Alabama , were sending buses early Wednesday morning to pick up stranded motorists . In the first run , two school buses were sent to transport as many as 100 people to local shelters , said Rusty Lowe of the Hoover fire department . The buses will make several runs . -LSB- Breaking news update 1:08 a.m. ET Wednesday -RSB- About 50 Atlanta school children were still stuck on buses early Wednesday morning . The students had gotten on buses to get home shortly after noon Tuesday , but treacherous road conditions coupled with gridlocked traffic has made it impossible . Kimberly Willis Green , spokeswoman for Atlanta Public Schools , said she did not have an estimate on the number of children stuck in Atlanta schools overnight . Atlanta-based Home Depot opened up 26 stores in Alabama and Georgia for stranded travelers . Spokesman Stephen Holmes said some of those who sought shelter spent time watching movies in store break rooms . "  At one store , they even opened up an indoor garden area to be a quiet area to open for reading , " he said . -LSB- Last update 10:37 p.m. ET Tuesday -RSB- Ice and snow bring chaotic commutes to much of South CNN  -- Cars stuck in ditches beside icy roads . Thousands of children stranded at schools that parents ca n't reach . Drivers camped out at gas stations with no way to get home . As a winter storm slammed into a broad swath of the South on Tuesday , authorities warned drivers to stay off the streets . "  This is a very dangerous situation , " Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said . "  People need to stay at home . They need to stay there until conditions improve . " Motorists in major metropolitan areas including Atlanta sat trapped in gridlock as schools and offices shut down , unleashing hordes of vehicles onto slushy roadways . Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed urged residents to stop driving for at least a day to give crews a chance to clean up . "  The next 24 hours , I really need folks to stay home , " he told CNN affiliate WSB . "  Go home , give us some time . " While Northerners may laugh at their Southern friends ' panic over a dusting of snow , the threat is real : With relatively few resources to battle snow and ice , public works crews may have a difficult time keeping up with any significant accumulation . Add to that the fact that millions of Southern drivers are n't used to driving on snow or ice , and things got messy -- fast . Snowflakes like you 've never seen them before Students stuck at schools In Alabama , where freezing rain made driving perilous , at least five people were killed in weather-related traffic accidents Tuesday , state Department of Public Safety spokesman Sgt. Steve Jarrett said . Bentley declared a state of emergency and said he had activated 350 National Guard troops to help respond to the storm . Emergency officials warned drivers to stay off the roads and urged people stuck in their cars to stay inside . "  The weather right now , the temperatures and the wind chill , if you step out of your car , are very dangerous , " said Art Faulkner , the state 's director of emergency management . In Birmingham , Melanie Wilson tried to drive after she got a message that her children 's school was closing Tuesday morning . "  Immediately , I almost had an accident , " she said . "  The school buses were at the bottom of our hill and you could tell the drivers were not sure they should try to make it up the hill . We 're not sure where the ball was dropped . We heard it was going to be a light dusting with little accumulation . " She ditched her car after it spun out on a steep hill , and trudged through the snow to pick up her children and make it home safely . "  The children enjoyed it , " she said . "  It was beautiful , a winter wonderland . It was lovely except for worrying about everybody else who ca n't get home to their families . " Governor : Teachers will take care of kids The severe weather has forced 4,500 students to spend the night in various school buildings in Hoover , Alabama . And there were 800 students stuck in schools in Birmingham , Alabama , officials said . "  Staff is staying with them , feeding them , " Birmingham City Schools Superintendent Craig Witherspoon said . "  High schools are showing movies . " Bentley urged parents who are unable to reach their children to remain calm . "  I know the anxiety there , " he said . "  I want to reassure all the parents that if you trust your teacher to take care of your child during the day , they will be taken care of tonight . " At the Alabama Waldorf School , about 20 students were spending the night at a nearby home late Tuesday after state officials urged parents not to drive in the snow . "  They 're doing really well , " Administrator Lisa Grupe said . "  They 're just having an extended play date . ... We all looked like ducks walking in the snow together . " On Twitter , a second-grade teacher said there were still about 150 students and 50 staff members stranded at Greystone Elementary School in Hoover , Alabama , because of "  horrible " road conditions there . Not that they were all complaining . "  Very exciting day , " teacher Carol McLaughlin tweeted late Tuesday afternoon . " ... The kids are being real troopers . :  I think they think it 's an adventure . " McLaughlin , even posted a picture of some kids out playing in the snow . Traffic gridlock traps motorists In the Atlanta suburbs , school buses were stuck in traffic for hours . Hundreds of students were stranded at schools waiting for their parents to pick them up . Commutes that normally take minutes became nightmarish treks that lasted for hours . CNN affiliate WSB captured dramatic footage of parents reuniting with children after being stuck on a school bus for hours . In downtown Atlanta , streets were clogged as cars became trapped in gridlock after at least an inch of snow had fallen . "  Government , schools , and business closing at the same time and releasing everybody out into the city was a mistake that we all were a part of , " Reed told WSB . For one stranded motorist -- it really was a situation of life and death . Police in the Atlanta suburb of Sandy Springs said an officer helped a woman give birth on the side of Interstate 285 . Traffic jams on snow-covered roads had stopped the woman from making it to the hospital and blocked paramedics from reaching her . That 's when a police officer stepped in , helping deliver the baby girl Tuesday evening , Capt. Steve Rose said . As snow , sleet and freezing rain pelted much of the state , authorities warned of dangerous driving conditions and said the roads would likely get worse . Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency as the storm hit . "  I 'm about to lose my mind , literally , " one woman trapped in traffic told WSB . "  It 's horrible . " Mhari Patterson tried to make the 10-mile commute to her home outside Atlanta , but gave up after six hours , when she arrived at a RaceTrac gas station parking lot . There were about 80 other cars waiting out the storm there , she said . "  All of the area roads are frozen , " she said . "  There is no way to get home . " Until things clear up , Patterson said she planned to spend the night at the gas station . Airlines cancel flights The storms also snarled air travel across the country . Airlines on Tuesday canceled more than 3,100 flights within , into or out of the United States , with hundreds each at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , Houston 's George Bush International Airport , Chicago O'Hare International Airport and Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport , according to FlightAware.com , which tracks cancellations due to both weather and mechanical problems . It was n't just the South shuddering . Midwesterners and others more accustomed to bitter weather are , too . All told , about 140 million people in 34 states were under some sort of winter weather warning or advisory , from snow and ice to bitterly cold wind chills , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . Sleet and freezing rain began falling early Tuesday in East Texas , which along with Louisiana , was the first area to be affected by the winter storm . "  This town is shutting down , " New Orleans cab driver August Delaney said . Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency and warned residents to stay off the roads . Robert Latham , the state 's emergency management director , warned residents to expect power outages as well . "  We 're looking at a part of the state that has a large number of pine trees , " Latham said . "  I can tell you that as ice accumulates on pine trees , limbs will break . Trees will fall . Power will be out . " A rough commute It usually takes Krystle Venuti Moore 10 minutes to drive home from her job at a mall in Kennesaw , Georgia . On Tuesday , it took her five hours , even though there was n't much snow . It 's quite a change from how storms were handled in her native New Hampshire , where she lived until she was 15 . "  My family thinks it 's hilarious , " she said . There was one perk in the lengthy commute : "  watching the community and people helping each other out . " She saw high school students on ATVs offering rides to stranded motorists . And someone pushed her car when it got stuck . But it was n't all positive . She saw drivers foul up traffic as they spun out after driving too fast , and even when she got close to home , she had to park a mile away and walk . The worst part ? Normally in five hours , "  I could have driven to Florida , " she said , "  someplace warm . "	4,500 students will spend the night in Hoover , Alabama , schools Atlanta 's mayor urges drivers to stay off streets for 24 hours More than 3,200 flights have been canceled , FlightAware says At least 5 were killed in weather-related traffic accidents in Alabama
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Troubled singer Amy Winehouse has been admitted to a London hospital after suffering a bad reaction to medication , her representative said Tuesday . Amy Winehouse has undeniable talent , but has become better known for her wild behavior . Winehouse , 25 , went to the private London Clinic on Sunday , said her spokesman , Chris Goodman . He said Winehouse 's medication made her ill and her doctors asked her to come in so they could investigate . Goodman did not disclose what type of medication was involved , saying only it is part of her "  ongoing treatment . " It was not clear Tuesday whether she had been discharged . Yesterday Winehouse 's husband Blake Fielder-Civil lost his appeal against his 27-month jail term for assault and perverting the course of justice . Earlier this month he was moved from prison to a drug rehabilitation unit . The Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems in recent years , many related to her battles with drug addiction . She spent two weeks in a drug rehabilitation clinic in January . See a timeline of Winehouse 's career " One of her biggest hits is the song "  Rehab , " describing her reluctance to enter a clinic . Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter a London hospital in July , but she was discharged the next day . Winehouse won five Grammy awards earlier this year -- three for "  Rehab , " as well as Album of the Year and Best New Artist .	Amy Winehouse representative : Singer has had bad reaction to medication Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter hospital in July Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems
CNN  -- Most Muslims in several key Middle Eastern and Asian countries hold negative views of the terrorist network al Qaeda a year after U.S. forces killed its leader , Osama bin Laden , according to a recent survey . The poll by the Pew Research Center 's Global Attitudes Project , released Monday , found that a high proportion -- between 71 % and 98 % -- of Muslims questioned in Egypt , Jordan , Turkey and Lebanon viewed al Qaeda in an unfavorable way . In Pakistan , where U.S. Navy SEALs killed the al Qaeda leader during a raid on a compound a year ago , 55 % of the Muslims surveyed had a negative opinion of the terrorist group , according to the poll . Only 13 % had a favorable view . The United States has used controversial drone strikes in tribal areas of Pakistan to try to dismantle al Qaeda 's infrastructure . In May 2011 , an elite team of Navy SEALs flew two helicopters into Abbottabad , Pakistan , where bin Laden was living in a three-story compound with approximately two dozen people , including his wives and children . The killing of bin Laden in that raid prompted an uproar in Pakistan . The blatant violation of the country 's national sovereignty embarrassed the civilian government and especially the military , which has a prestigious military academy in Abbottabad . The drone strikes , the bin Laden raid and airstrikes by NATO forces in November that killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers near the border with Afghanistan have soured relations between Islamabad and Washington . But they do not appear to have created a high level of support for al Qaeda in Pakistan , according to the Pew survey . Interfaith activist Fiyaz Mughal concurred , saying his organization uncovered nuanced feelings in Pakistan about the killing of bin Laden . "  They were unhappy about the way the killing had taken place , but there was no sense they were angry he had been assassinated , " he said his London-based Faith Matters found two days after the killing . And with the passing of time , support for al Qaeda has fallen further in key parts of Pakistan , he said . "  As more and more information comes out and more and more attacks take place , the population has gotten fed up with al Qaeda 's tactics , " said Mughal . "  Because of the actions of al Qaeda specifically in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region , they have managed to turn off a lot of people in Pakistan , " he said of the terror network . "  They are not interested in seeing Osama bin Laden as some great martyr , feeling : ` We are unhappy with the U.S. , but we are not going to grieve over bin Laden , ' " he said . Sympathy for the terrorist group appears to be stronger in Egypt , the poll 's findings suggest . Twenty-one percent of the Muslims questioned there had a favorable view of al Qaeda , while 71 % had an unfavorable one . The second highest level of positive opinions of the terrorist network among the countries surveyed was found in Jordan , where 15 % viewed al Qaeda favorably and 77 % viewed it unfavorably . Muslims polled in Turkey and Lebanon were much less likely to see the extremist organization in a positive light . Only 6 % in Turkey and 2 % in Lebanon viewed it favorably . In Lebanon , 98 % of those questioned held a negative opinion of al Qaeda . The number in Turkey was 73 % . The survey 's results were based on face-to-face interviews with 1,000 adults each in Egypt , Jordan and Lebanon between March 19 and April 10 . In Turkey , 1,001 adults were surveyed in person between March 20 and April 11 . A total of 1,206 adults were interviewed face-to-face in Pakistan between March 28 and April 13 . The Pew Research Center noted that the question about views toward al Qaeda was asked at a later point in the interview in Pakistan than in the other four countries .	NEW : Pakistanis do not grieve for Osama bin Laden , an interfaith expert says A poll finds that 55 % of Muslims there have an unfavorable view of al Qaeda Negative views of the terrorist group are higher in four Mideast countries Sympathy for the network is highest among Muslims in Egypt
CNN  -- Plaid feels right for this fall , when the wooly weave of Scottish tartans is likely to show up on store shelves . It appeared in the fall runway collections of designers like Marc Jacobs , Michael Kors , Louis Vuitton and Tory Burch . It 's no surprise : From Chanel 's famous tweeds to Alexander McQueen 's voluminous gowns to Tommy Hilfiger 's preppy sportswear , the interplay of colors and crossing lines in a tartan weave allow designers to communicate a range of emotions . Think of the outrageous punk statements from Vivienne Westwood or the staid , aristocratic panache from Ralph Lauren . "  You can expect to see plaid on just about everything , " said Jasmine Snow , the accessories editor for Seventeen Magazine . While stores are always filled with plaid in the fall , she said , this year , coats , long pencil skirts , shoes and already otherwise-printed shirts are getting the plaid treatment for crowds of all ages . "  Red and black buffalo plaids are the hottest right now , " she said , and teens especially will be looking for unique plaid combinations for the once-again trendy grunge look . But then again , plaid has been on trend for a long , long time . Plaid 's long history In fact , it 's been around since at least 1500 BC , according Patrice George , an assistant professor of textile development for the Fashion Institute of Technology . That 's the age of the oldest surviving piece of plaid in the world . "  As soon as people learned to weave , they figured out that if you put different colored yarns in the two directions the yarn went , you got an interesting crossing  pattern  , " George said . "  Color combinations became associated with power and status . In the 16th and 17th centuries , the Scottish highlanders really developed this into a system , and that 's where we get the tartan concept . " Tartan is a plaid woven in wool , designed in Scotland that identifies different clans , aspects of Highland society and political allegiance . Centuries ago , Scottish men used yards of tartan to wrap around their bodies , keeping them warm on the windy mountainsides . That piece of woven wool was called a pledd -- it 's where the word plaid comes from , George said . Modern Americans often use "  plaid " and "  tartan " interchangeably , she said , although "  plaid " is also the word for a check weave that 's not an official tartan . But fashion designers and plaid enthusiasts have Queen Victoria to thank for its popularity , said Patricia Campbell Warner , a historian and University of Massachusetts Amherst professor emerita . Because Queen Victoria was so enamored of Scotland and Scottish tradition , she adopted tartan in her own clothing , and made it quite formal , Warner said . The bold blacks , reds , blues and greens used in many clan tartans today come from the Victorian era , she said , when chemical dyes became widely available . Before then , tartans were made from naturally dyed wool , which is drab in comparison . "  What Queen Victoria did , people copied , " Warner said . "  Tartan went into high fashion with women 's dresses from the middle of the 19th century , on . " Fashion has always followed the "  trickle-down theory , " Warner said : When the highest echelon of any society does something , everyone else follows . And nobody copied Queen Victoria 's penchant for plaid better than the Americans , Warner said . An American tradition ? Americans are known to look to Europe for fashion inspiration -- it 's an old habit . In colonial times , Americans were well connected with their families in Britain . It took only six weeks to get to the colonies by boat , Warner said , and the latest fashions and fabrics were often sent to American women by their relatives . As the United States and Canada grew , Americans of Celtic heritage helped to establish tartan 's place on the continent . During the late 1880s , one Scottish immigrant trader was known to share his clan 's tartan with Native Americans in exchange for buffalo hides , said George of the Fashion Institute of Technology . The pattern of red and black check  which became a favorite of lumberjacks , cowboys and hunters  was a big hit , she said , and soon became known as "  buffalo plaid . " The Pendleton Company in Oregon was also responsible for the homogenization of tartan and plaid in the United States , she said . Around the turn of the last century , the wool weaving mill served people living in the West , who mainly wore plaid shirts and leather pants during the frontier development of the 1880s and '90s . Pendleton "  started weaving traditional Scottish plaids but then they also started making up their own , " George said , using "  more American " colors like browns , golds and greens . Pendleton plaids went on to became associated with genteel country lifestyles -- say , a weekend in Vermont or a gentlemanly ranch in Montana . The very idea of a tartan has also left footprint on North America . Many U.S. states , branches of the military , universities and institutions have their own tartan . National Tartan Day , a holiday dedicated to Scottish-Americans , is celebrated on April 6 . You can make your own tartan on the Web and it will be internationally recognized as such . There 's even a museum dedicated entirely to tartan in Franklin , North Carolina . Jim Akins , who proudly claims Scottish heritage on both sides of his family , spends his retirement volunteering at the museum . He enjoys pointing out examples of his family tartans to visitors . "  People see me in a kilt and they automatically think , ` OK , he 's Scottish , ' but when this voice came out , " he said , of his thick Southern accent , "  you could see the surprise on people 's faces . " He regularly wears a kilt to church or even shopping with his wife . "  I think it 's great that people would wear tartan , regardless of whether it 's a shirt or a kilt , " he said . "  It 's the most comfortable garment that you 'll ever wear . "	Many fashion designers incorporated plaids into recent fall and winter collections The earliest plaids have been around since at least 1500 BC Queen Victoria helped to popularize the look of Scottish tartan
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- TV talk show host Jay Leno fell ill and checked himself into a Los Angeles , California , hospital on Thursday , his representative said . NBC cancels tapings of "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " on Thursday and Friday after Leno became ill . Tracy St. Pierre would not disclose the nature of Leno 's illness . Leno will be 59 on Tuesday . NBC canceled tapings of "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " scheduled for Thursday and Friday , she said . The network will rerun the March 26 show on Thursday , which features a musical performance by Prince and interviews with actors Paul Giamatti and Emma Roberts , according to the show 's Web site . Actor Ryan Reynolds , animal trainer Jules Sylvester and swing band Big Bad Voodoo Daddy had been booked for Thursday 's show . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , anchor of "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " was scheduled to appear on Friday 's show . The network did not announce which show would be broadcast on Friday . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Jay Leno 's representative , Tracy St. Pierre , would not disclose illness Network cancels tapings of Thursday and Friday night shows Leno will be 59 years old on Tuesday
Puyallup , Washington  CNN  -- Funeral services for the sons of Josh Powell are scheduled for early Saturday afternoon in Puyallup , Washington , where authorities say Powell set his house on fire , killing all three of them . Services for 7-year-old Charlie and 5-year-old Braden will be held at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Stake Center and will be open to the public , according to Anne Bremner , an attorney for the Cox family . Powell was a suspect in the 2009 disappearance of his wife , Susan Cox-Powell . His two sons died Sunday along with Powell in what police believe was a murder-suicide . A social worker brought the boys to Powell 's home for a court-ordered supervised visit , authorities said . But as they approached the door , Powell pushed the social worker back , took the boys inside and locked the door . "  He blew up the house and the kids ! " the social worker shouted in a 911 call released late Tuesday by Ed Troyer , spokesman for the Pierce County Sheriff 's Department . Powell took the children and slammed the door in her face , she said . "  I thought it was a mistake . I kept knocking and then I called 911 . " The powerful blast shook houses , with debris landing on lawns blocks away . Minutes before he wounded his two young sons with a hatchet and set his house ablaze , Powell left a last voicemail to family members . "  I am not able to live without my sons , and I 'm not able to go on anymore , " he said , according to ABC News , which obtained the voice mail . "  I 'm sorry to everyone I 've hurt . Goodbye . " Investigators found the hatchet they believe was used on the boys in Powell 's Graham , Washington , home , said Troyer . Authorities believe Powell set an explosive fire there after wounding the boys Sunday afternoon . Autopsies showed his sons suffered "  chop " injuries to their necks , but both boys and their father died from inhaling carbon monoxide , the county medical examiner 's office said . Before dousing his home with gasoline and setting it ablaze , Powell gave toys and books to charity and sent multiple goodbye e-mails . That evidence suggests that Powell planned the deaths for some time , Troyer said -- "  I believe this was intentional . " It was a gruesome development in a saga that began two years ago in the Salt Lake City suburb of West Valley City , Utah , when 28-year-old Cox-Powell disappeared . Nancy Grace interviews Susan Cox-Powell 's sister The farewell e-mails Powell sent included one to his attorney , saying simply : "  I 'm sorry . Goodbye . " He also sent e-mails to his pastor and others just minutes before the fire , giving instructions on how to handle his end-of-life business , according to Troyer . The sheriff 's department has copies of some of the e-mails sent to the attorney , family and friends , in which he said "  he could n't live with what was going on , " Troyer said . The spokesman added that authorities found two 5-gallon cans of gasoline in the home , one of which appeared to have been lit right next to the bodies , which were found together in the same room . The deaths of Powell and the children could mean Cox-Powell 's disappearance might never be solved . Still , the case remains open and investigators vowed to pursue it until the point of closure . Follow a timeline of the case "  I promised the Coxes I was n't giving up , and I 'm still not because we want to get some closure here , " West Valley City , Utah , Police Chief Buzz Nielsen said Monday . "  The case is still active ; we 're not closing the case . We still got things that have not been resolved . " Cox-Powell 's sister , Denise Cox , told CNN on Tuesday she had been told by her family that Powell could be arrested within a few weeks and that authorities were attempting to build a case against him despite the lack of a body . "  We were all excited that something was going to happen , " she said , adding the family was hoping that a deal could be made or Powell could be coerced to divulge his wife 's whereabouts . In the meantime , Powell , who had not been arrested or charged , was embroiled in an ugly custody dispute with the Cox family . In recent months , the children had started opening up and talking about what happened the night their mother disappeared , members of the Cox family said . "  They basically kept saying how they went on a vacation in the desert , and camping ... they stopped at some place , and Mommy and Daddy left , and only Daddy came back , " Judy Cox , Susan Cox-Powell 's mother , told NBC 's "  Today " on Tuesday . Chuck Cox , Susan Cox-Powell 's father , told "  Today " that the younger boy , Braden , had drawn a picture of the family 's minivan . Asked who was in the minivan , the child told his teachers "  that was his daddy , Charlie and himself , and that Mommy was in the trunk , " he said . But , Cox told ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " the boys ' remarks were inconsistent . "  When I would say , ` Well , Daddy said Mommy stayed home '  from the camping trip  , then they would go back to , ' I do n't remember , ' " a rehearsed , you know , a coached statement , " he said . Authorities believe that by setting the fire , Powell not only killed his children -- he eliminated evidence in his wife 's disappearance . "  Those boys were evidence . Those boys were going to be evidence against him , " Troyer said . "  You 're looking at somebody who 's willing to kill their own kids ... killing your wife is n't that much of a stretch from there . " Asked whether she believes Powell 's motive was the custody battle or remarks made by the children , Judy Cox told "  Today " she felt it was both . "  He was feeling cornered , " she said . " ... Basically , he did n't like us , and he wanted to get the kids away from us so much , " she said . "  It really bothered him that the boys were showing such affection to Chuck . " According to investigators , Powell had said the last time he saw his wife was the night he and his sons -- then ages 2 and 4 -- left to go camping after midnight in freezing weather . Cox-Powell 's sister eventually reported her missing . A month later , Powell and his children moved from Utah to Washington . The double homicide and suicide on Sunday came days after a judge refused Powell 's petition to regain custody of his children . The judge instead ordered Powell undergo psychological evaluations -- an order that came after authorities turned up child pornography in the home Powell shared with his father , Steven Powell . As part of the investigation into Cox-Powell 's disappearance , a search of the home was conducted last year . During the search , investigators "  discovered numerous images and recordings of adult and juvenile females , " according to a statement released by the Pierce County sheriff 's department . Steven Powell was subsequently charged with 14 counts of voyeurism and one count of possessing images of children engaged in sexually explicit conduct , according to court documents . He remained jailed and on suicide watch on Tuesday , Troyer said . After the arrest of Powell 's father , custody of his sons went to the Coxes , according to Washington state court records . Powell maintained in court documents filed last week that he established his own home after his father 's arrest and had "  consistently proven my fitness as a stable and loving parent under close supervision by  child welfare caseworkers  . " The Coxes said they were concerned about Powell 's having visitation , but noted that several previous visitations were uneventful . However , they were worried about the first visitation after the court 's ruling , Chuck Cox said on "  Today . " "  We knew that if he was cornered and felt like there was no way out , that he was capable of this , " he said of Powell . The couple had communicated their concerns to police and child welfare workers , he said . "  I understand they have a lot of people and they deal with a lot of people who exaggerate the threat -- cry wolf , if you will , " he said . But , given the circumstances , "  We felt they should have taken more care . " CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez , Ashley Hayes , Tina Burnside , Sara Weisfeldt and HLN 's Alexis Weed and Phil Rosenbaum contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He blew up the house and kids ! " shouts the social worker who dropped them off Service will be open to the public , says an attorney "  We knew ... he was capable of this , " missing woman 's father says Josh Powell was a suspect in the 2009 disappearance of his wife , Susan Cox-Powell
CNN  -- Grim , unyielding and violent reality is beginning to confront the American political establishment with facts from which it can not hide . For 35 years , since Iranians seized the American Embassy on November 4 , 1979 , and kept the Americans in it as hostages , the United States has been at war with radical Islamists . They knew it . We hid from it . Year after year since then , radical Islamists have grown more militant , more sophisticated and more numerous . Now , in an arc of terror from Boko Haram in Nigeria through Hamas in Gaza to ISIS in Iraq , Syria and Lebanon , there is a clear wave of vicious religious warfare being waged against civilization by fanatics who openly promise and engage in genocidal killing . To understand why I link ISIS , Hamas and Boko Haram , consider the language of their own statements . Why not take them at their word ? ISIS has made its murderous intentions painfully clear . It has proven in town after town that it will force people to convert to Islam or it will kill them in numbers that are now being called genocidal . As President Obama said in his speech Thursday night , "  Many thousands of innocent civilians are faced with the danger of being wiped out . " The group has also made clear that it views its mission as a worldwide war . "  I say to America that the Islamic caliphate has been established , " a spokesman for the group said Thursday . He warned that the group will attack America and "  will raise the flag of Allah in the White House . " "  Do n't be cowards and attack us with drones , " he said . "  Instead send your soldiers , the ones we humiliated in Iraq . We will humiliate them everywhere . " Its actions give us no choice but to acknowledge that ISIS means what it says . Many people seem to be confused or deluded into believing that Hamas does not have similarly genocidal intentions . Its charter is a useful starting point . "  Israel will rise and will remain erect until Islam eliminates it as it had eliminated its predecessors , " it says . What does "  eliminate " mean , you might ask ? More from the charter : " ... -LSB- T -RSB- he Hamas has been looking forward to implement Allah 's promise whatever time it might take . The prophet , prayer and peace be upon him , said : The time will not come until Muslims will fight the Jews  and kill them  ; until the Jews hide behind rocks and trees , which will cry : O Muslim ! there is a Jew hiding behind me , come on and kill him ! " As Americans and Europeans beg for cease-fires , it is useful to see Hamas ' attitude toward such arrangements . From "  Article Thirteen : Peaceful Solutions , -LSB- Peace -RSB- Initiatives and International Conferences " : " -LSB- Peace -RSB- initiatives , the so-called peaceful solutions , and the international conferences to resolve the Palestinian problem , are all contrary to the beliefs of the Islamic Resistance Movement . For renouncing any part of Palestine means renouncing part of the religion ... the movement educates its members to adhere to its principles and to raise the banner of Allah over their homeland as they fight their Jihad . ... "  There is no solution to the Palestinian problem except by Jihad , " it concludes . "  The initiatives , proposals and international conferences are but a waste of time , an exercise in futility . The Palestinian people are too noble to have their future , their right and their destiny submitted to a vain game . " Of course , the Charter of Hamas was written in 1988 , so maybe they have mellowed ? During this current struggle , while Westerners were begging the Israelis to be reasonable , an imam amplified Hamas ' position in a public , televised sermon . "  Our doctrine in fighting you -LSB- the Jews -RSB- is that we will totally exterminate you . We will not leave a single one of you alive , because you are alien usurpers of the land and eternal mercenaries . " Obviously the organization exists for the same genocidal mission as ISIS . Boko Haram has its own contribution to this hateful movement . A spokesman for Boko Haram recently told a Nigerian newspaper that "  the Nigerian state and Christians are our enemies and we will be launching attacks on the Nigerian state and its security apparatus as well as churches until we achieve our goal of establishing an Islamic state in place of the secular state . " Boko Haram threatened its captured Christian girls with death or being sold into slavery if they did n't convert to Islam . ISIS is saying the same thing to the Yazidi girls they are capturing . The civilized world faces an existential challenge to its very right to exist . This violent , genocidal ideology holds more territory today than at any time in modern history . From Nigeria to Iraq , the challenge is being organized by sincere , serious fanatics motivated by religion and willing , indeed eager , to die for their cause . Western elites are terrified of confronting this reality . For years they have refused to take these people at their word , and millions of Iraqis , Syrians , Nigerians , Lebanese , Palestinians and Israelis , among many others , are paying the price . President Obama 's speech Thursday night was a pathetic , shallow , sophistic excuse for a serious conversation with the American people . Americans are not "  war weary . " But even if we were , it would not matter . The alternative is the victory of genocidal murdering religious fanatics over enormous territory that they pledge to use to attack the United States . A president 's job is to explain this . President Lincoln carried America through an extraordinarily painful civil war by telling the truth , admitting mistakes and reminding Americans what was at stake . The elites in both political parties have refused to confront how serious , brutal and determined our enemies are . The State Department is the second most dysfunctional federal department after the Veterans Administration because its culture and structure force it to mislead and misinform every president . Thirteen years after 9/11 , at a cost of thousands of lives , tens of thousands of wounded , and trillions of dollars , the United States is weaker and our enemies are stronger . This is not an Obama problem . This is an American problem . We need a new honest conversation on how we as a free people are going to defeat the forces of evil who stalk the planet . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich says ISIS , Hamas and Boko Haram want to impose Islam by force on the world Boko Haram threatened its captured girls with death if they did n't convert to Islam , he says ISIS wants the same thing for the Yazidi girls they are capturing , he says Gingrich : Americans are not "  war weary , " but even if we were , it would not matter
EW.com  -- Today , Major League Baseball will celebrate its annual Jackie Robinson Day , and all players and umpires will wear jerseys with the number 42 , which Robinson , the first African-American player in the MLB , made famous . Do n't be surprised if the execs at Warner Bros. join in on the fun . The studio did have a grand slam weekend , after all . Warner Bros. ' new baseball drama 42 topped the box office with $ 27.3 million -- far ahead of recent baseball titles like Moneyball  $ 19.5 million debut  and Trouble with the Curve  $ 12.2 million  . In fact , 42 scored the best ever debut for a baseball film , surpassing The Benchwarmers ' $ 19.7 million bow . 42 also became the latest release to earn a rare "  A + " CinemaScore grade , signifying exemplary word-of-mouth among ticket-buyers . Former "  A + " releases include The Help , Tangled , The Blind Side , Titanic , and A Few Good Men . 42 , which was produced by Legendary Pictures for $ 40 million , stars newcomer Chadwick Boseman as Jackie Robinson , as well as Harrison Ford as MLB exec Branch Rickey . The film played exceedingly well with older moviegoers  59 percent of audience members were above the age of 35  and African-American crowds  all ten of 42 ′ s top theaters were in urban markets  . According to Warner Bros. , a surprisingly high 52 percent of the opening weekend crowd was female . If history is any indication , 42 will keep running around the bases for a long time to come . Like fellow "  A + " films The Help and The Blind Side , which also deal with racial issues , 42 should earn a terrific multiplier and finish well above $ 100 million . Warner Bros. says it plans on expanding the film from its already-wide 3,002 theater count next weekend . EW : ' 42 ' movie review In second place , Scary Movie 5 hit more of a bunt than a home run during its opening frame . The spoof sequel nabbed an unremarkable $ 15.2 million over the Friday-to-Sunday period from 3,402 theaters , a low-point for the 13-year-old franchise . Part of the reason for Scary Movie 5 's sub-par performance may have to do with the fact that it arrived in theaters a full seven years after Scary Movie 4 , which earned $ 40.2 million in its opening weekend in 2006 . That 's quite a long break for a youth-targeting franchise like Scary Movie . The film stars High School Musical 's Ashley Tisdale , as well as tabloid-magnets Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen in supporting roles .  Hey , at least this did better than Lohan 's last starring effort !  Those casting stunts were n't enough to drum up interest in the wretchedly-reviewed sequel , though . Scary Movie 5 , which Weinstein/Dimension spent $ 20 million to produce , drew less interest than similar horror spoof A Haunted House , which scared up an $ 18.1 million opening in January -- against a $ 1.5 million budget no less ! Audiences issued Scary Movie 5 a "  C - " CinemaScore grade . Fox 's hit animated family film The Croods dropped by a slightly larger-than-expected 36 percent in its fourth weekend to $ 13.2 million . The $ 135 million caveman comedy has now earned $ 142.5 million domestically , and may finish its run with about $ 180 million . Overseas , The Croods has earned an additional $ 207 million , making it a big winner for Fox Animation . EW : ` Scary Movie 5 ' review G.I. Joe : Retaliation dipped 48 percent to $ 10.8 million this weekend , bringing its total to $ 102.4 million after three weekends . While the film is running behind its predecessor domestically and wo n't match G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra 's $ 150.2 million total , it 's making up ground overseas , where it has earned $ 168.3 million -- ahead of Cobra 's $ 152.3 million international finish . Paramount , MGM , and Skydance spent $ 130 million on the sequel . Rounding out the Top 5 was last weekend 's champ , Evil Dead , which plummeted 63 percent to $ 9.5 million . Due to Evil Dead 's built-in cult audience , much of which came to the theater on opening day , a large drop was expected . After ten days , the $ 17 million production from Sony 's TriStar , Film District , and Ghost House Productions , has earned $ 41.5 million and may finish with about $ 55 million overall . 1 . 42 -- $ 27.3 million 2 . Scary Movie 5 -- $ 15.2 million 3 . The Croods -- $ 13.2 million 4 . G.I. Joe : Retaliation -- $ 10.8 million 5 . Evil Dead -- $ 9.5 million In limited release , the Ryan Gosling/Bradley Cooper drama The Place Beyond the Pines successfully expanded into 514 theaters , where it grossed $ 4.1 million , good for a strong $ 7,937 location average . Danny Boyle 's latest , Trance , was n't as fortunate . The film moved from four to 438 theaters this weekend , but could only manage a $ 925,000 frame , yielding a weak $ 2,112 average . Expect the former film to continue its expansion , while the latter may have trouble convincing tehater owners to take it on board . Internationally , the Tom Cruise thriller Oblivion had a terrific debut with $ 61.1 million from 52 territories , 48 of which it won . Oblivion 's strongest markets included Russia  $ 8.6 million  , the U.K. and Ireland  $ 7.9 million  , and France  $ 3.9 million  . The Universal sci-fi adventure opened in the same range as Oz The Great and Powerful , which conjured a $ 69.9 million international bow and has now grossed $ 251.6 million overseas . The film opens stateside next weekend . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	' "  42 " about the life of ballplayer Jackie Robinson won the weekend box office "  Scary Movie 5 " came in second place Internationally , the Tom Cruise film "  Oblivion " did well
Madrid  CNN  -- Swooping in at 4 o'clock in the morning , Spanish police arrested six Spanish men on suspicion of recruiting and sending 26 radical Islamic fighters for terrorist groups in Syria , Mali and Libya , the Interior Ministry said Friday . The arrests came in the Spanish enclave of Melilla , on Morocco 's north coast , where a Spaniard and two Frenchmen were arrested just last March on similar charges . The suspected leader in the cell disrupted on Friday had returned to Spain after fighting in Syria and training in a terrorist camp in northern Mali , the Interior Ministry said . The movement of Islamic militants from Europe and North Africa to conflict zones such as Syria , Mali or Libya -- and their eventual return to Spain to potentially carry out terrorist attacks -- has been a prime concern for authorities battling terrorism . The cell disrupted on Friday had recruited and sent at least 24 Moroccans and two Spaniards to conflict zones , according to authorities . But it was planning to expand its activities , to acquire weapons and manuals for preparing explosives , the Interior Ministry said , "  which would have increased their level of danger , turning them into a serious threat to national security . " The latest arrests coincide with the final day of an Interpol conference , held in Granada , Spain , this week , on the problem of terrorist fighters who cross international borders . More than 130 security experts from 33 nations are attending , a separate Interior Ministry statement said . The suspected leader of the cell disrupted on Friday is Benaissa Laghmouchi Baghdadi , 42 , who spent about eight months in Syria and recently returned to Spain , via Mali , said an Interior Ministry spokesman , who by custom is not identified . He was among the first Spaniards to be detected as working with terrorist groups in the broad Sahel region in northern Africa . The other five suspects arrested were identified as Mustafa Al Lal Mohamed , 42 ; Kamal Mohamed Dris , 32 ; Rachid Abdel Nahet Hamed , 37 ; Mohamed Mohamed Benali , 26 ; and Mustafa Zizaoui Mohand , 26 . All of the suspects were being flown to Madrid , to be taken to National Police headquarters . Arraignments are expected on Monday . Last January , a suspected Islamist militant returning to Europe from the war in Syria was arrested at the Malaga airport in southern Spain as a potential "  threat to national security , " the Interior Ministry said in a statement at the time . March 11 marked the 10th anniversary of the Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . The Spanish courts convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the bombings on morning commuter trains , along with four Spaniards who trafficked in explosives used in the attacks . A further seven key Islamist suspects blew themselves up three weeks after the train attacks as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb . Spain has arrested more than 472 suspected Islamic militants since the train bombings . There are now more than 1,800 police and security officials dedicated to fighting terrorism , far more than at the time of the attacks , Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz said last March . On Thursday , Spain 's National Court sentenced Mudhar Hussein Almalki , 53 , a Saudi national , to eight years in prison for of membership in a terrorist organization , according to a copy of the sentence viewed by CNN . He was convicted of using the Internet , from his home in Valencia , Spain , to spread terrorist ideology with the aim of training militants , for at least six years until his arrest in 2012 , the sentence said . He was legally residing in Spain at the time and had no prior criminal record , the sentence said . Spain is on a Level 2 anti-terrorist alert , unchanged since 2009 , on a scale of four terrorist prevention levels . Level 2 signifies a "  probable risk " of another attack , the Interior Ministry said . Melilla is a Spanish city with about 85,000 residents . It was in the news earlier this week when about 1,000 sub-Saharan migrants rushed the fence from the Moroccan side , and some 500 made it over and into Spain , with the aim of finding work in Spain or in the European Union , authorities said . As police escorted the suspects from the homes where they were detained , crowds formed and some people heckled the police for making the arrests , an Interior Ministry spokesman said .	Arrests came in Spanish enclave of Melilla , on Morocco 's north coast Police : Cell recruited , sent at least 24 Moroccans , 2 Spaniards to conflict zones March 11 marked 10th anniversary of Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A giant panda cub -- the only one this year in the United States -- was born early Wednesday at Zoo Atlanta , the zoo said in a statement . Lun Lun , a 13-year-old female panda , gave birth to the cub at 5:39 a.m. ET in a specially prepared birthing den inside the zoo 's giant panda building , according to the statement . "  Lun Lun appears to be providing appropriate care for her cub , which is roughly the size of a cell phone , " the statement said . The facility 's animal management and veterinary teams were monitoring the mother and cub round-the-clock , and "  a preliminary veterinary checkup will be performed as soon as staff is able to remove the cub without disrupting maternal care . " The cub is the third for Lun Lun and mate Yang Yang . It will be introduced to the public in spring 2011 , the zoo said . Yang Yang , 13 , and the cub 's older brother , Xi Lan , remain on exhibit and will not be introduced to the new addition . "  The separation is normal for giant pandas , which are solitary in the wild , " the statement said . Zoo Atlanta announced Lun Lun 's pregnancy last month . Zoos in Memphis , Tennessee ; San Diego , California ; and Washington also have pandas , but none produced a cub this year . The couple 's firstborn , Mei Lan , has lived at China 's Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding since February . She was born in September 2006 . Xi Lan , born in August 2008 , "  remains one of the zoo 's most popular and precocious animal stars " the statement said . All three births came about by artificial insemination . For the most recent cub , Lun Lun was artificially inseminated on June 13 . "  We are extremely excited about welcoming Lun Lun 's and Yang Yang 's third cub , and proud of the success of Zoo Atlanta 's giant panda program , " said Dwight Lawson , the zoo 's deputy director . "  This is a joy we share with the city of Atlanta , our colleagues in China and our counterparts at fellow zoological organizations housing giant pandas in the U.S. " Zoo Atlanta called the birth "  a significant achievement for global efforts to save a critically endangered species . " Fewer than 1,600 giant pandas are estimated to remain in the wild , and about 280 reside in zoos -- 11 of them in the United States . Before the cub makes its public debut , images will be available at the zoo 's panda conservation center and on its "  PandaCam , " accessible online . Lun Lun and Yang Yang were born in China . They have lived with each other since they were a year old and came as a pair to Zoo Atlanta in 1999 .	The cub was born at 5:39 a.m. ET Mother and cub are being continually monitored It 's the third cub for Lun Lun and Yang Yang
CNN  -- On a hot summer day in early August , 2008 , the secure Red Switch phone in my office at CIA was lighting up with calls from National Security Adviser Steve Hadley . The Russian Army had invaded the Republic of Georgia in the Caucasus mountain region . Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili was frantic about his country 's safety and desperate for information on Russian forces and Russia 's intent . I promised Steve some answers , hung up the phone and walked to my outer office to direct my executive assistants to "  get our Georgia people up here right away . " As they busily dialed phones and typed e-mails , I remember turning to my chief of staff and only half jokingly asking him , "  We 've got Georgia people , right ? " I recall that day now as a debate has begun about the focus of the American intelligence community and especially of the CIA . In discussing his new book , "  The Way of the Knife , " New York Times national security correspondent Mark Mazzetti suggests that CIA 's obsession with fighting terrorism might have blinded it to the inevitability , imminence and rapid spread of the Arab Awakening . In March , press reports said the President 's Intelligence Advisory Board , a panel of senior outside advisers , had come to much the same conclusion , accusing the intelligence community of too much focus on military operations and drone strikes at the expense of other targets such as China and the Middle East . Back in August 2008 , we did indeed have "  Georgia people , " and they were quite good . Within a few days , the entire team was gathered around a conference table at CIA headquarters giving President George W. Bush their personal appreciation of the situation . But precise tactical intelligence was hard to come by  questions such as where exactly was the front line of Russian troops  . Recent technical collection systems had been developed and deployed for the counterterrorism target , not for tracking the successor to the Red Army . And the fact that I had asked my half-joking question should suggest that neither the topic of Georgia nor the "  Georgia people " were frequent visitors to my office . More broadly , when asked what were the priorities of the agency during my time there , I would respond with a bit of Washington-insider alphabet soup , "  CT , CP , ROW . " Translation : counterterrorism , counterproliferation  mostly Iran  , the rest of the world . The American intelligence community works hard against a variety of tough targets every day , but questions about current balance and emphasis are as understandable as they are inevitable . The demands of more than a decade of constant war have clearly had their impact . Much of what passes for analysis today is really targeting : targeting an individual for direct action , targeting an individual for increased collection , targeting an individual to make sure he does n't board an aircraft en route to the United States . The National Security Agency has always had two sides to its personality : a national enterprise that meets the needs of policymakers across the U.S. government and one that serves as a combat support agency for the Department of Defense of which it remains a part . Even with a substantially increased budget , after more than a decade of combat , it should be clear that the battlefield support side of the agency 's personality has become increasingly dominant . Since 2001 , CIA case officers have routinely been sent to war zones as their first operational assignment . They have performed magnificently . But the skills they have honed there are often different from the skills required for classical espionage and many are frankly bored when they return to more routine work where Kevlar and a personal weapon are not required equipment . America 's singular focus on counterterrorism has also affected intelligence cooperation with allies . Many simply do not agree with our legal position that this is a war and others object to tactics such as targeted killings and extraordinary renditions . Although most appreciate that American actions have made them safer , the potential uses to which we could put their information strains intimacy and limits sharing . We occasionally have to pull our own punches . To what degree , for example , did we limit contacts  intelligence or otherwise  with the Muslim Brotherhood in Hosni Mubarak 's Egypt so as not to risk the solid counterterrorism partnership with the regime ? Some are now calling these actions a distortion of American intelligence , but none of these steps was inappropriate for the circumstances in which we found ourselves after 9/11 . Indeed , I initiated some of them and supported all of them while in government . Many of them need to continue . Al Qaeda 's threat is diminished , not eliminated . Richard Haass , former State Department official and head of the Council on Foreign Relations , may have put it best when he suggested that what we need here is a dial , not a switch . And this is more than just an intelligence question . Collection and analysis usually chase after the things that policymakers hold most dear . If their view is immediate and tactical , much of their intelligence will follow . My "  Georgia people " were great . I should have paid more attention to them before August 2008 . Priorities being what they were , I did n't . I was reflecting on this when , a few weeks before his confirmation hearing , I had breakfast with Dave Petraeus . As we were leaving the table , I suggested that the CIA had never looked more like its wartime predecessor , OSS , than it did right then . That had made America safer , but I reminded the eneral that the CIA was not the OSS . It was the nation 's leading espionage and analytic service and that -- much as I did -- he would have to struggle to remember that every day . All this means that tough choices lie ahead , all of them fraught with risk , as the community deals with current dangers while also embracing broader and more enduring tasks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Hayden .	Ex-CIA chief says some are urging CIA to get out of targeting terrorists He says the agency had to broaden its role after U.S. was attacked on 9/11 Hayden says CIA also has a key role in analyzing world threats He says agency needs to fulfill roles of targeting and analysis
CNN  -- The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday morning that child rapists can not be given the death penalty , effectively reserving the punishment only for murderers . CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin said the court 's ruling falls in line with other decisions on the death penalty . The 5-4 decision stems from a Louisiana case in which Patrick Kennedy , 43 , was sentenced to die in 2003 for the sexual assault of his 8-year-old stepdaughter . Proponents of Louisiana 's law , which allowed child rapists to be eligible for the death penalty , say that besides murder , no crime is more deserving of the death penalty than child rape . Kennedy would have been the first rapist in 44 years to be executed for a crime in which the victim was not killed . In the majority opinion , Justice Anthony Kennedy said "  evolving standards of decency " forbid capital punishment for any crime other than murder . CNN 's senior legal analyst , Jeffrey Toobin , spoke with CNN 's Heidi Collins outside the Supreme Court about the impact of the ruling . Collins : This is a huge decision here . What do you make of it ? Toobin : It was just high drama in the court today . It 's always dramatic at the end of the Supreme Court term . Here it was literally life and death , one of the big open questions in constitutional law about the death penalty : Can you execute someone for a crime other than murder ? Anthony Kennedy , the swing vote on so many cases , decided this case , it was 5-4 . ... He did n't diminish the seriousness of the crime , but he said the risks of expanding the death penalty are simply too great . He pointed out that there are more than 5,000 child rapes every year in the United States . All of them would raise the possibility of the death penalty . There are only a handful of states -- I think it was six -- that allow the death penalty for child rape . Forty-four states and the federal government say no . He said there is a national consensus that this is not an appropriate punishment . So , this really rules out not just the death penalty for child rape , but any crime other than murder . So it 's a major , major decision . See more about the reach of the decision " Collins : A national consensus except those six states . It 's interesting when you look at the court of public opinion . How do you think this decision is going to go down in public ? Toobin : Well , I think it 's a tough call because support for the death penalty nationwide in the past 10 years has actually been going down . But child rape is such a horrendous crime and all of us have such a natural revulsion towards it that you 're never going to get a lot of support for any sort of reduction in sentence . But I think , given the fact that this is a Supreme Court that said no death penalty for murderers under 18 , no death penalty for the mentally retarded , this decision is consistent with a certain restriction on the death penalty , which is reflected in the court but also in a kind of national change that 's going on . Collins : And in Sean Callebs ' piece that we had , I do n't know if you heard it . Toobin : I saw it , yeah . Collins : One woman , who actually brought up a very interesting point , when you think about all of this and when you think about the child , the victim , she said , you know , if they know they 're going to die for this crime , why would they leave a living witness ? Toobin : Justice Kennedy made precisely that point in the opinion . He said , allowing the death penalty here would create a perverse incentive for child rapists to murder their victims . He also pointed out what a difficult moral choice it would put child victims in testifying , giving children literally the power of life and death in their testimony over their attackers . That is something that he wanted to relieve children of -- that burden . Collins : Will they always have to testify ? Toobin : Yeah , pretty much . There have been rare examples ... if a child , for example , is simply too young to testify . There are horrible cases of rapes of babies and things like that . But by and large there has to be some sort of testimony from a child . It can be in a noncourtroom setting . It can be sort of in a deposition , not in front of the jury . But you do have to have the child testify . Collins : It 's just such a tough decision all around . 5-4 on that one , very interesting .	Toobin : Ruling falls in line with recent court decisions on death penalty Justice Kennedy , in decision , said it would not be fair to place burden on child victim Public support for executions down in recent years , Toobin said
CNN  -- Giants players Jacquian Williams and Devin Thomas made sportsmanship a prime topic for discussion when they said after their NFC championship win against the 49ers that they targeted punt returner Kyle Williams , who has suffered four concussions . Jacquian Williams said of Kyle Williams during a locker room interview : "  We knew he had four concussions , so that was our biggest thing , to take him out of the game . " Thomas told the Star-Ledger in Newark , New Jersey , that Kyle Williams was a target because "  he 's had a lot of concussions . We were just like , ` We got ta put a hit on that guy . ' ... " The significance of these comments is compounded by the fact that concussions , and the health and safety issues related to them , have become a main concern of the National Football League and its players . Former players are suing the NFL over concussion issues and will appear in court this week . Major rule changes and an elaborate fine system have been implemented to protect players . Former players suffer psychologically and neurologically , and we now know it 's because of concussions and subconcussive blows to the head . Boast of targeting punt returner raises questions about concussions Unfortunately , the words of these two young men are n't the first examples of dishonorable behavior and the ignoble mentality that exist in sports , nor will they be the last . It 's time , however , for everyone to realize how dysfunctional and unnecessary this type of behavior is . I know all too well that there are some contemptible and devious minds who intend to "  take players out . " In my nine-year NFL career , knees were cut , elbows were thrown , helmets were used as missiles , ankles were twisted , and I was even bitten ! All of these acts were instigated by an insatiable desire to taste victory , even if it meant disabling the opposition to do so . During the weekly scouting report , there was always a special presentation about which players on the opposing team had injuries . The message was obvious . We knew exactly who was hurting and where . If an ankle was injured , we knew which one . If it was a rib , we knew which side of the body it was on . "  Take him out of the game . " That was the MO. . Sad , I know , but in the sports world , c'est la vie . Some say football is a violent game and all the rule changes to protect players are making the game soft . They say go play a different sport if you ca n't take the big hits . I say to all the uneducated players , wannabe players , couch potatoes and pundits in suits chirping from cozy air-conditioned rooms , many of whom have never played the game : This does n't affect you . Your long-term health is n't at risk , nor will your kids risk losing you prematurely to a death caused by a psychological and neurological disorder acquired from repetitive head trauma . Do you want to hear something that is really scary ? According to the NFL Players Association , the average life expectancy of an NFL player is 58 years . That is considerably lower then the 76-year life expectancy of the average American . Knowing this , should we not attempt to play the game fairly and with respect for our fellow man ? Four-time Pro Bowl safety Dave Duerson committed suicide last February . He killed himself with a gunshot to the chest instead of the head , presumably so that his brain could be examined by Boston University 's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy . The New York Times reported that Duerson also sent text messages to family members asking "  that his brain be examined for chronic traumatic encephalopathy , " a condition linked to more than a dozen deceased NFL players . Researchers said his brain had developed the same trauma-induced disease recently found in other deceased players . The number of retired NFL players found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy is growing . Duerson , who complained to his family of his deteriorating mental state during his final months , is the first to act upon his suspicion of having the disease . So , was it wrong for the Giants players to target a man 's head when they knew he had already suffered four documented concussions ? I 'd say yes . Those who display this type of behavior and intent must be reprimanded and punished . Players in the NFL are now fined for helmet-to-helmet contact , so it makes sense that targeting someone who has suffered four concussions and having the intent to "  take him out of the game " would be fineable , also . In sports , or business , people always look for a competitive edge . Whether that edge is physical , mental or psychological , the great ones always seek it . It 's what separates the mighty from the mundane . It 's why some people get up early to put in work while others continue to sleep . It 's why some people stay in the gym , at the office , or study for an exam while everyone else goes home . There is such a thing , however , as taking it too far . When getting the upper hand causes another person bodily harm , it has gone too far . Not only are you threatening someone 's livelihood , you 're threatening their long-term health , their life . Even though the rules may not be written yet , they should be understood . I hope that Jacquian Williams and Devin Thomas were just carried away by the moment . My hope is that they now realize that the extent and potential outcomes of their intentions are frightening . They have tremendous talent and opportunity , and there is no reason for them to harm others on their journey to success . I wish them nothing but the best . Those two men , and all of us , are more powerful than we know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Coy Wire .	NFL veteran says Giants players wrong if they targeted a 49er who has had concussions Coy Wire : I know from my playing days that opponents often target an injured player Wire : With all we know about how hits affect the brain , player behavior needs to change
CNN  -- The terrorists who attacked the In Amenas gas complex in eastern Algeria appear to have been of several nationalities , and may have trained in jihadist camps across the border in southern Libya , according to sources familiar with the situation there . Read more : Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants Algerian security sources told Reuters late Thursday that the militants whose bodies had been recovered from the complex so far included three Egyptians , two Tunisians , two Libyans , a Malian and a French citizen . Read more : Algerian hostage crisis enters 3rd day with ` ongoing activity ' Other sources said the leader of the hostage-taking commando group dispatched to carry out the attack was Abou al-Barra , a jihadist who had previously belonged to the group that later became al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . A U.S. official told CNN Wednesday that the hostage-takers appeared to have crossed the Libyan border -- some 50 kilometers  31 miles  from the gas complex -- to carry out the attack . Read more : ` Mr. Marlboro ' : The veteran jihadist behind the attack in Algeria Libyan authorities have been aware for some time of the existence of three militant camps south of the desert town of Sabha , not far from the Algerian border , a regional security source told CNN . The source said the leader of one of those camps was a Libyan veteran of the 1980s Afghan war . Western intelligence officials had established that the man had met Moktar Belmoktar -- the overall leader of the group that assigned al Barra to carry out the attack -- during a trip Belmoktar made to Libya late in 2011 . The source said the three camps include jihadists from Algeria , Morocco , Mauritania and Mali as well as ethnic Tuaregs , and that it was highly possible that these camps were connected to the attack . Read more : Islamists take foreign hostages in attack on Algerian oil field A former head of intelligence for the Transitional National Council in Libya also confirmed to CNN that he was aware of three camps in the area . Rami El Obeidi said the camps had been operational for about a year and confirmed that foreign fighters had been among the militants training there . El Obeidi also said that extremist militia in Libya were financing militant groups in Mali and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb as well as providing them with logistical support . Read more : Six reasons events in Mali matter The former intelligence chief said the Libyan army had little capability in this vast area of desert and there was a fear of confronting the extremists . With the French intervention in Mali , he said "  a Pandora 's Box has been opened " -- and he believed oil fields in Libya were also at high risk of being attacked . Foreign oil companies have gradually returned to Libya since the 2011 revolution that ousted Moammar Gadhafi , but much of Libya remains highly insecure and under the sway of independent militia . Read more : France continues Mali airstrikes ; residents frantic A Salafist group in eastern Libya has called for protests after Friday prayers in Benghazi in response to the French intervention in Mali -- posting on its Facebook page that "  Mali is bleeding " because of the French involvement . El Obeidi said that al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb treated the whole region as one theater and was oblivious to the desert borders that divided the countries of the Sahel . North African media have described Abou al-Barra as the one of the most effective commanders of the Al-Mulathameen Brigade that is led by Belmoktar . Read more : U.S. Air Force evacuating foreigners from Algeria gas plant , source says He was born in Algeria in the 1970s and served in the Algerian army before joining the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat , which was heavily involved in the Algerian insurgency in the late 1990s and early 2000s . The group was held responsible for the kidnap of more than 30 European tourists in Algeria . A Mauritanian news agency -- Alakhbar -- named another of the attackers killed as Zarghawi Al-Mouritani ,18 . His real name was Abdallahi Ould Hmeida , the agency said . CNN is unable to verify the report of his death . The Algerian Communications Minister , Mohamed SaÃ ¯ d , told state media late Thursday that the terrorist attack was the work of a multinational group of terrorists whose aim was to implicate Algeria in the conflict in Mali , destabilize the Algerian state and destroy the Algerian economy , which is heavily reliant on oil and gas revenues . Other Algerian officials have repeated that there would be no negotiations with such groups . Follow along on the live blog	Algerian gas complex attackers may have trained in Libyan jihadist camps , sources say Jihadists from Algeria , Morocco , Mauritania , Mali and elsewhere train there , sources say Libyan oil fields could now be at high risk of attack , former Libyan intelligence chief says A Salafist group in eastern Libya has called for protests over French involvement
CNN  It was right after one of the longest lockouts in NBA history . Jeff Green , then playing for the Boston Celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood . That was until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks . The physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart . "  I was shocked , " said the Memphis Grizzlies small forward . "  I had no symptoms of fatigue , shortness of breath . " Green had to have open heart surgery . "  Leading up to it was nerve-racking , " he said . "  I could n't run . I could n't touch a basketball . I could n't get stressed out , it was tough . " As Green learned how doctors would open up his chest to repair his heart , he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again . "  The first couple of weeks after I was told , I really focused in on my career and what was next , " said the basketball player . "  I wanted to make sure if I wanted to come back , I was able to come back and play the same way I did before I left . " If that opportunity was n't there , Green wanted to have a backup plan . So , he headed back to his college roots at Georgetown University , finished his degree and became the first person in his family to graduate from college . Green 's NBA basketball career was n't over , but it was a slow progression back to the court . He missed the entire 2011-2012 season . "  I did n't even watch any basketball , " he said . "  Six months after the surgery was the first time I set foot on a court . " It was with the Hoyas where Green laid back down the foundation of his game , healing his body and regaining muscle . "  The timing was off , " he said . "  I was n't concerned about getting hit , the biggest thing was just being in shape and being able to move and being able to function on the floor . " Green believes the surgery and hard road back to the NBA have given him a new perspective and more meaning in his life . "  I will never forget those days that I could walk 15 steps for five minutes , " he said . "  Now I attack every game like this could be my last . " "  I feel like the year I missed really added more years , " he explained . "  It added more life into what I 'm doing because I 'm more grateful for it . " Green 's now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk . He also spends time with children dealing with cardiac issues -- often telling them they are "  superheroes " and encouraging them to "  show off your scar -- embrace it ! "	NBA player Jeff Green had open heart surgery to repair an aortic aneurysm in 2011 Green missed the entire 2011-2012 basketball season Now he donates time to young cardiovascular patients
CNN  -- Twelve-year-old Peter Mance knows every street before he sets foot in a city . It 's not because he 's visited before . It 's because he 's autistic and has an uncanny ability to memorize maps . "  He 's actually a big help when traveling , " jokes his mother , Kim Mance , founder of women 's travel blog Galavanting and the Travel Blog Exchange , a community of travel writers and bloggers . Mance 's other son , 10-year-old son Stephen , has used a wheelchair since surgery to remove a spinal tumor left him paralyzed from the waist down . Mance always has to make extra phone calls to ensure there 's an accessible subway or hotel room , but that has n't stopped her from vacationing with her sons all over the world . While she mostly travels for work , Mance says taking Peter on trips since he was diagnosed with autism at age 2 1/2 helped him not get "  rutted into routine . " Some autistic children ca n't stand to have their schedules disrupted , she explained . "  By -LSB- traveling -RSB- consistently over time , he 's developed ways to cope with being outside his routine , " she said . To help comfort Peter , Mance created games -- like hunting to find his pajamas -- that he plays in every new place he visits . Traveling with children is difficult , but when children have wheelchairs or communication problems , it can be overwhelming for parents to plan even a weekend getaway . "  You can not pick up and go like everyone else does . You have to plan your trip very carefully , " says Jani Nayar , executive coordinator of the Society for Accessible Travel & Hospitality . About 2.9 million youths ages 17 and younger have a disability , according to the 2009 American Community Survey . Even if it requires extra planning , Nayar says , it 's important for children with disabilities -- whether they 're blind , deaf , autistic or use a wheelchair -- to "  get out of the house and travel like any other child . " Michell Haase , founder of TravelinWheels.com , a site that offers travel tips for disabled people , suggests that families "  start small . " "  It does n't have to be the big trip to France , " she said . For families that have n't traveled before , Haase suggests driving to a nearby city and trying a hotel stay . In 1990 , the Americans with Disabilities Act required that hotels provide accessible amenities . But when booking a room , Haase says to be specific about your needs . "  Do n't just ask if the room is accessible , because it means so many things to so many people , " she said . It 's OK to ask questions and request for a certain bed height or shower chair , she added . During trips , Haase has persuaded hotel managers to get rid of their shower chairs without supportive backs in favor of ones that people with balance issues , like her daughter Kelsey , can use . Kelsey , 18 , uses a wheelchair because she has spina bifida , a condition that prevents the spinal cord from developing . She has traveled all over the country as a wheelchair athlete and is the national powerlifting champion for her weight class . Though Kelsey 's mother plans ahead by making phone calls and researching accessible options online , the two have had their fair share of travel hiccups . The list includes being stuck in the rain at a rental car facility without an accessible shuttle and being stranded in excruciating heat when a Chicago trolley car was too crowded to fit her daughter 's wheelchair . Regardless of the amount of planning , parents ca n't predict a broken subway elevator or an unexpected flight of stairs . "  I 'm always having to be five steps ahead of the game and thinking what we 're going to need . And then , when it does n't work out , it becomes really frustrating , " Haase said . Overcoming the intimidation of taking a trip is the biggest obstacle , Mance says . But once parents get over the learning curve of knowing where to go and how to get from point A to point B , traveling with a disabled child becomes second nature . "  Over the years , I 've developed this sixth sense about which entrance is more likely to have a ramp or certain places that may be able to accommodate even just space between chairs at restaurants , " says Mance , who has taken her sons to Japan , Morocco and several European countries . Sometimes , Mance has her autistic son , Peter , wear a button or T-shirt that says , "  I 'm autistic . Please be patient . " The message is a friendly reminder to other travelers that her son is n't purposely acting out . "  You 'd be surprised how somebody can get really irritable because they think your kid is misbehaving , " she said . About one in 110 children have an autism spectrum disorder , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Though Mance says Peter looks forward to each excursion , not all autistic children handle new adventures well . "  There are some kids with autism that love to travel and do really well . For others , it can just be more challenging , " said Lisa Goring , the vice president of family services at Autism Speaks . If a child thrives in rigid routines , Goring suggests parents tell their child in advance that they will be exploring a new place . Creating a book with pictures of the travel destination can also help children know what to expect . When planning a trip , find out if attractions in the area offer special programs . The Garden State Discovery Museum in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , has Open Arms Family Evenings several times a year . The program allows families with autistic children to explore the hands-on museum , which includes simulating scenarios such as visiting a doctor 's office , buying fruit at a market and ordering food at a diner . Autistic children who struggle with daily activities benefit from the museum , said Judy Shapiro , director of sales and marketing . "  The more they can practice in a safe environment , the better they are in the real world because it 's not new to them , " she said . Parents who do n't want to navigate cities may enjoy cruises that have accessible pools and programs just for kids . Nayar pointed out that many ships allow parents and their disabled children to attend youth activities together . The all-time best place to travel with a disabled child ? The Magic Kingdom , mothers and travel experts say . "  Disney World is the nirvana , " Haase says . "  We usually go to Disney World and almost forget that there 's any issue . " Disney provides Guest Assistance Cards for anyone with a disability . Guests can use the cards to wait in separate lines for rides , and up to five members may go on the attraction with the cardholder . Mance recently took her kids to Disney World and said the pass allowed her family to get through the lines "  exponentially faster . " She said her son loved the graffiti-style signs with a wheelchair symbol because they were geared toward kids . "  He felt so accepted , " she said . Disney also permits a family member to test a ride -- without waiting in line twice -- to gauge how a disabled child may react before he or she gets on . In case rides or crowds are too loud , Mance brings along ear plugs so Peter can block the noise . New York City is one of the most accessible cities in the country , according to Nayar . Besides accessible museums and public transportation , organizations are spearheading efforts to make theater productions more accessible . In June , the Alliance for Inclusion in the Arts kicked off the Broadway Accessibility Initiative , which aims to make Broadway shows more enjoyable for the deaf and the blind . At no charge , hearing impaired theatergoers may use I-Caption , a handheld device that displays dialogue , lyrics and show announcements . Visually impaired patrons may use D-Scriptive , an audio device that relates all visual elements of a show , including choreography , lighting , sets and costumes . The goal is to "  open up Broadway to an audience who has historically not been reached out to , " said Sharon Jensen , executive director of Alliance for Inclusion in the Arts . Families that prefer outdoor recreation do n't have to stay at home either . Almost all national parks have accessible hiking trails or activities like kayaking . Some state parks -- in states such as Wisconsin , Pennsylvania and South Dakota -- have accessible cabins that include kitchens with low counters , showers that fit wheelchairs and hospital beds with lifts . "  Traveling allows kids to see the world in a positive light , but planning a dream vacation is n't going to be simple , " Haase said . "  Especially when they 're disabled , you want them to have a good experience , so it 's a lot of pressure , " she said . But by not staying in the protection of their own home , Haase says , she and Kelsey are showing able-bodied people what they can change at hotels , restaurants and attractions to make life a little easier on others . "  It 's one thing to have a law that says you have to do this , " she said . "  It 's a whole other thing to see somebody experience the struggle and then want to help them . "	Vacationing with disabled children may be challenging , but parents say it 's worth the effort Traveling may help autistic children break up rigid routines Disney World provides incredible service to disabled kids , moms and travel experts say
CNN  They took Yarmouk by storm , a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world 's most beleaguered places . Besieged and bombed by Syrian forces for more than two years , the desperate residents of this Palestinian refugee camp near Damascus awoke in early April to a new , even more terrifying reality -- ISIS militants seizing Yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area . "  They slaughtered them in the streets , " one Yarmouk resident , who asked not to be named , told CNN . "  They  caught  three people and killed them in the street , in front of people . The Islamic State is now in control of almost all the camp . " An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk , stuck between ISIS and Syrian regime forces in "  the deepest circle of hell , " in the words of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Yarmouk , the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria , was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict . The camp , which sits just 6 miles from central Damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012 . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control about 90 % of the camp . The organization also claims that the Syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp in an effort to drive out armed groups . Activists and residents in Yarmouk tell CNN that as many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed the camp , but have no place to go . Hundreds have been injured , but the camp 's only functioning hospital was first occupied by ISIS , then targeted last week by regime shelling . As the fighting raged in Yarmouk , the director of the Jafra Foundation -- the only aid group that has been able to get into the camp -- painted a grim portrait of the conditions on the ground since ISIS arrived . "  We need medicine and access to treatment and medical facilities , " Wesam Sabaneh told CNN . "  The last hospital in Yarmouk camp was bombed yesterday , so there 's really nothing functioning . " Opinion : Save the ` miracle babies ' Even delivering clean water in Yarmouk can be a deadly task . Majed Alomari , the Jafra Foundation 's water coordinator , was killed a few days ago -- gunned down in an ISIS firefight with rival rebel groups . The head of the Palestinian League for Human Rights in Syria  PLHR  , who fled the camp and Syria in October 2012 , said the people of Yarmouk were in dire need of help . "  According to my contacts inside , people are back to consuming water with spices -- a common meal used in 2014 " during the Syrian regime 's siege of the camp , the PLHR 's Salim Salamah told CNN . Aid agencies briefly managed to break the government 's stranglehold on the camp last year , and delivered aid to tens of thousands . But now , as terror closes in on Yarmouk from all sides , residents have two choices -- to attempt to flee what was their place of refuge , or to stay inside what the U.N. says now resembles a camp of death . "  Now I am scared of two things -- I am scared of  ISIS  and the regime , " the Yarmouk resident told CNN . "  The regime now is about to destroy the Yarmouk camp , " he said . "  And ISIS , I do n't know ... they did n't do anything except -LSB- rename -RSB- Yarmouk Camp as ` Yarmouk Islamic State . ' "	ISIS has seized control of large parts of the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria An estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped between militant groups and regime forces U.N. : "  In the horror that is Syria , the Yarmouk refugee camp is the deepest circle of hell "
CNN  Naya Rivera ca n't help but turn heads , and it 's not just the Glee star 's singing , dancing and eye-catching outfits . Sometimes it 's what comes out of her mouth , like her recent comments on "  The View " about white people bathing too much . Regardless of how much you shower , Naya Rivera is the gift that keeps giving to celebrity watchers like ourselves . In light of her latest comments , we thought it high time to take a look at five provocative things that Rivera -- at the tender age of 28 -- has already said in a short but outspoken lifetime . White people shower a lot . "  I think that white people shower a lot more than ethnic , " said Rivera , who was a guest host on the Tuesday edition of "  The View . " "  I feel like showering more than once a day or every day is such a white people thing . " "  My mom is half black , half Puerto Rican . She showers every day , so I can say this . " And her husband , who is white ? He often showers several times per day . Case closed ! Not so fast . Rivera apologized for any offense she caused the next day on "  The View . " Kim Kardashian : Lay off the nude photo shoots ! "  I normally do n't . But ... you 're someone 's mother ... " said Rivera , posting on Instagram . The "  you " is the famous for not-doing-much Kim Kardashian , who had posed au natural for Paper magazine . Faced with a backlash from lovers of all things Kardashian , Rivera -- who can actually sing and dance and act -- apologized via Instagram . Both men and women like her a lot . Rivera became something of a sexy lesbian icon for her generation when Santana , her character on Glee , finally came out about her relationship with fellow student Brittany  played by Heather Morris  . "  Getting hit on by both genders is such a champagne problem , " she said . Even though she 's newly married  to a man  , we 're happy she understands the compliment . True love conquers not so true love . Rivera married longtime friend and fellow actor Ryan Dorsey last summer , a scant three months after she and rapper Big Sean called off their engagement . "  We feel truly blessed to be joined as husband and wife , " the Dorseys told Us Weekly . "  Our special day was fated and everything we could have ever asked for . True love always prevails . " We hope so . Do n't mess with my man . It 's all female best friends for Rivera and all male best friends for her new husband , Rivera told members of the "  The View " in November . Mary J. Blige had made the case for same-sex friends , and Rivera agreed . "  I feel like you 're playing with fire and opening up the floodgates here , and you 're having issues in your marriage , but someone is going to talk to the opposite sex to get advice or whatever and you should be talking to your partner , " she said . "  So I do n't believe in it . "	Naya Rivera thinks that white folks shower too much , she said on "  The View " The Glee actress has dished on many interesting subjects Another tricky topic : Kim Kardashian , nudity and motherhood
London  CNN  Captive Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko has sent a stark message to Russian President Vladimir Putin as she awaits trial in a Moscow jail . In a letter from prison , written in response to questions from CNN , she said : "  If Putin wants to defeat Ukraine -- let 's try to defeat me first ! " "  But if he wants peace and friendship between our nations as he claims , " she added , "  I am ready to make the first step towards it . "  My freedom will be that first step towards peace and understanding in Ukraine . " Savchenko has been held by the Russian authorities in pre-trial detention since last June . Her defiant message was written after CNN submitted a series of questions to the Ukrainian fighter pilot through one of her lawyers , Mark Feygin . We do not know under what circumstances Savchenko answered the questions , but Feygin says she wrote the responses on Friday as he was visiting her . Savchenko undertook a hunger strike for 83 days to protest her detention despite pleas from her family and her lawyers . She recently abandoned her fast after nearing death but has since resumed it , only drinking broth and milk occasionally to stay alive . Russia claims the 33-year-old is behind the killings of two Russian journalists hit by mortar fire at a checkpoint in eastern Ukraine , allegations she has always denied . Moscow says she then crossed voluntarily into Russia and sought asylum as a refugee . The Ukrainian government , however , insists she was kidnapped by rebel forces and that she is a prisoner of war . "  I have already been in captivity for an hour when those Russian journalists died . I have not seen them , and our ways have never crossed . . The ` rebels ' themselves told me that those journalists came under fire of their own ` makhnovtsi ' -LSB- slang for ` anarchists ' -RSB- , " Savchenko told CNN in her letter from jail . "  And the investigators knew all about it since the very beginning ! And they have nothing on me ! They simply thought that it would be easy to "  twist my arms " and receive another star for their epaulettes . But it 's not going to happen ! " she added . Savchenko 's case has attracted wide international attention and turned her into a symbol of resistance against Russia in her home country , with Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko awarding her the title "  Hero of Ukraine , " one of the nation 's highest honors . She has also been voted into the Ukrainian parliament despite her captivity . Despite her critical situation , Savchenko appears to have retained her sense of humor just as much as her determination , writing that she was feeling "  On the edge ! ... ; Close to Nirvana and enlightenment ! ; Joking . " "  Holding on ! But holding my body entirely on my the power of my will , " she continued , "  because I am so numb that I could n't feel the needle when the blood sample was taken from my vein today . "  Tottering , head is spinning , -LSB- blood -RSB- pressure 80x40 , -LSB- blood -RSB- sugar 2.9 , T -LSB- temperature -RSB- -- 35.7 °C . But still be standing till 50kg -LSB- body weight -RSB- ! Even longer if God let 's me ! Has n't fainted even once and has n't fallen off my feet . " The military pilot told CNN she is being monitored "  24 hours a day , " which she finds "  very annoying . " "  Protection and security measures are such that King Kong would not have been able to break away ! ; , " she joked again . "  But in general all is very decent and polite ! Treatment is reasonable . " Savchenko 's lawyer recently told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that President Putin holds Savchenko 's fate and that she wanted to await trial out of jail . Several international dignitaries have urged Moscow to release her , including EU Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini and the U.S. State Department , to no avail . But as Savchenko continues her hunger strike , is she willing to ultimately die in detention ? "  To die ?! That 's not our methods !!! ; I 'll think of something better ! ... : ; , " she said . "  I 'll be on hunger strike as I said until I am returned back to Ukraine , or at least -LSB- until -RSB- detention is changed to a house arrest at the Ukrainian Consulate in RF , which is actually a part of Ukraine in Russia . "  There is no point starting eating in prison . The bite does n't go down the throat here in this cage ! And the truth must win after all !!! " CNN reached out to Russian authorities for an update on Savchenko 's case , who referred us to their last statement on Savchenko , dated from 20 February , where they call on the media to "  Let the investigators to finish their job . Let the court of justice to determine Savchenko 's degree of guilt of and punishment for the crimes she is charged with . " Savchenko is currently scheduled to appear in court on May 13 .	Captive Ukrainian pilot sends message to Putin as she awaits trial in a Moscow jail Nadiya Savchenko went on hunger strike for 83 days Fighter pilot has been in pre-trial detention since last June
New York  CNN  -- A security breach at the Newark , New Jersey , airport over the weekend was caused by an officer of the Transportation Security Administration who left his post unattended , an agency spokeswoman said Thursday . Security video shows the officer walking away from his post at Newark Liberty International Airport , about four minutes after he asked an unidentified man in a light-colored jacket to stay behind the rope line . Moments later , the man ducks under the rope and walks the wrong way through security to greet a woman , prompting a security breach that shut down Terminal C for hours and forced the rescreening of thousands of passengers . "  The surveillance video from Newark Liberty Airport clearly shows that a TSA officer 's actions led to the Sunday incident , " spokeswoman Ann Davis said . "  We will use this hard lesson to reinforce the sharp focus and tight discipline at all our stations across the country and ensure we maintain the public trust . " The TSA officer was reassigned to nonscreening duties Monday after the incident , which occurred at Terminal C about 5:20 p.m. ET Sunday . The unidentified man walked through an exit on the public side to the secure "  sterile " side , TSA said . Earlier , a Homeland Security official told CNN that the TSA officer was distracted because "  a passenger was asking for directions or something . " The official said it 's not uncommon for TSA employees to get "  peppered with questions from passengers every day . " On Tuesday , the TSA officer was placed on administrative leave , the TSA said . Davis has said the agency takes "  full responsibility " for the incident . She told CNN that a passenger notified a TSA officer Sunday afternoon about a person who he believed had walked through the wrong way at a security exit . The passenger could not provide a description of the person , Davis said . In an attempt to confirm the breach through videotape captured by TSA-funded and Port Authority-installed-and-operated cameras , TSA officials realized the cameras were running but not recording . TSA officials then scrutinized security tapes recorded by Continental Airlines ' cameras and confirmed that an "  Asian male " had breached security , Davis said . The TSA was unable to locate the man . Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , who requested the release of the Continental surveillance video , called on the man to turn himself in to authorities , saying , "  You 've committed what essentially is a crime . " "  He committed a terrible , terrible offense , and he has to pay a price ... that relates to the havoc and the discomfort he caused this place , " Lautenberg told reporters at the airport Thursday night . Davis said earlier this week that although authorities were unable to locate the man , any threat he may have presented was eliminated "  by rescreening everyone and recombing the airport to make sure he did n't introduce anything to the environment or hand anything off to anyone . " The incident caused arrival delays , mainly affecting Continental Airlines , the airport 's largest tenant . After meeting with the Port Authority about the breach , the TSA has volunteered to check the cameras daily to ensure they are recording , Davis said . Newark was one of the airports from which the 9/11 hijackers departed . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : N.J. senator calls on man who caused security breach to turn himself in TSA : Security video shows officer walking away from his post before breach Security breach Sunday evening forces closure of Terminal C for hours Official : TSA officer was reassigned to nonscreening duties after incident
CNN  -- For the first time , a health care worker for a World Health Organization partner organization has fallen ill from Ebola , WHO told CNN on Sunday . The health worker , a man from Senegal , is in Sierra Leone and receiving care , the WHO said . He 's an epidemiologist working for the Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network , which was established by WHO and other partners to respond to international public health emergencies . No further details were given immediately . "  This is the first time someone working under the aegis of WHO has fallen ill with #Ebola , " reported WHO via its verified Twitter account . Added WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl via Twitter : "  No @WHO worker has been infected with #Ebola . The epidemiologist is from a #GOARN partner . " When asked how the worker contracted the virus , a WHO spokesperson said officials do n't yet know all the details . Separately , a British citizen infected with the virus in Sierra Leone is being flown home , the British Department of Health announced Sunday . The man , identified simply as William , lives in the West African nation in a home established by an American university for researchers . He is a volunteer nurse in Kenema Government Hospital , where he was working with Ebola patients , according to Dr. Robert Garry of Tulane University . Garry is manager of the university 's program that researches Ebola . The hospital is run by the government of Sierra Leone , but receives support from Tulane researchers . The UK government said a specially equipped C17 Royal Air Force plane would transport the patient , who would be transferred to an isolation unit at the Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust . "  UK hospitals have a proven record of dealing with imported infectious diseases and this patient will be isolated and will receive the best care possible , " said deputy chief medical officer John Watson in a press release . Meanwhile , the Democratic Republic of the Congo reported that two of eight people from the town of Gera suffering from a hemorrhagic fever tested positive for Ebola , a government spokesperson told CNN . The government has set up a lab , mobile treatment center and quarantine area in Gera , which is 1,200 kilometers  750 miles  from Kinshasa . The strain of Ebola is different from the one in West Africa , government spokesperson Lambert Mende Omalanga said . Confirmation testing will likely be done by WHO on Monday , said WHO spokesman Hartl via Twitter . Ivory Coast announced Saturday that it 's closing its borders in response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa . Prime Minister Daniel Duncan signed the order that closes the land borders Ivory Coast shares with Guinea and Liberia . The borders will remain closed until further notice in an effort to prevent the Ebola virus from spreading into its territory , according to the government statement . Ebola is one of the world 's most virulent diseases , according to the WHO . The virus is introduced to human populations through the human handling of infected animals -- like fruit bats , gorillas and monkeys , to name a few -- found sick or dying in the rainforest . The infection is then transmitted among humans through direct contact with the blood or other bodily fluids of infected people . WHO 's maps of confirmed cases show the Ebola outbreak is limited to four West African nations -- Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea and Nigeria . So far , nearly 2,500 suspected cases have been reported in what the WHO says is the worst known outbreak of the disease . However , the WHO 's website says the survival rate for people with Ebola in this outbreak has been 47 % , which is a substantial improvement over the disease 's survival rate , historically . CNN 's Katia Hetter , Aliza Kassim and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : He 's the first worker from a WHO partner to fall ill from Ebola NEW : Congo reports two cases of Ebola Separately , a Briton infected in Sierra Leone is being flown home Ivory Coast is closing its borders with Guinea and Liberia in an effort to keep Ebola out
Washington  CNN  -- The Denver Post Editorial Board endorsed Republican House Rep. Cory Gardner on Friday , just six years after it backed Gardner 's opponent Democratic Sen. Mark Udall for the position . "  Congress is hardly functioning these days . It ca n't pass legislation that is controversial and it often ca n't even pass legislation on which there is broad agreement . Its reputation is abysmal , and even its members rarely dispute the popular indictment , " the editorial board said in a statement . "  It needs fresh leadership , energy and ideas , and Cory Gardner can help provide them in the U.S. Senate . " The surprising decision could give Gardner the significant edge he needs to pull ahead of Udall in the closely contested race . Just last week , a CBS/New York Times poll found Gardner six percentage points ahead of Udall . Real Clear Politics rules the race a "  toss up . " Udall is starting to trail his GOP opponent , two polls say Earlier this week , both candidates argued over immigration , foreign policy , reproductive rights , and the Ebola outbreak . The board sided with Gardner , saying that his ideas largely reflect Colorado 's interests , especially in the next two years . "  Gardner has sound ideas on tax reform that could help the economy take off and has expressed willingness to compromise on immigration despite a fairly hard line over the years . And his stance on defense spending appears closer to those of Rep. Mike Coffman , who favors restraint , than to those in the GOP who view the military as sacrosanct , " the statement said . Yet the Denver Post went defensive against Gardner 's conservative opinions on same-sex marriage and abortion rights . His position on the controversial issues did n't deter their endorsement , saying that the issues will likely be irrelevant soon since the Supreme Court is establishing an acceptable norm . Will same-sex marriage become a 2014 issue ? The editorial board called Udall "  a fine man with good intentions " and admitted that their views align closer with him than Gardner . However , they say that Udall has not been a prominent fighter on current issues , suggesting that Gardner 's growing leadership in the House "  would very likely match " Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet 's influence in the upper chamber . They did praise Udall for being an active member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , particularly when he spoke out against the government for spying on the public . The Denver Post endorsed President Obama in 2012 and 2008 , but did not make any specific mentions against his policies as a reason for supporting Gardner . Obama lines go straight into GOP attack ads for Senate	Denver Post announced its endorsement for Rep. Cory Gardner Says Congress is in "  need of fresh leadership , energy and ideas " Mentions that Sen. Mark Udall "  is not perceived as a leader in Washington " The race is contested and currently rated as a tossup by many pollsters
CNN  -- If you really want to strike a blow for the environment during Earth Day on Tuesday , do yourself and everybody else a favor and stop driving your car in town . Really -- who needs it ? This is not a message for you if you 're a farmer or live in a rural area , where it 's 20 miles to the grocery store and 100 miles to the nearest hospital . You can keep your car ; it 's a safety thing . But for the rest of you -- those of you living , working and going to school in America 's cities and big towns -- it 's time to work toward something better . This year 's Earth Day theme is green cities , and green cities should have no cars . What does driving get you anyway ? Expense : Want to give yourself a 17 % raise ? Stop driving . The average American spends more money on transportation than food each year . They spend twice as much money on transportation as on health care . Gas ai n't cheap , nor are tires , tolls , taxes , insurance , car payments , speeding tickets and parking to keep your car . Traffic : You 're late to work , in a foul mood , tired of staring at someone else 's bumper . This is the modern American condition in and around cities . And it 's getting worse every year . In 1982 , the average American spent 16 hours each year stalled in traffic ; in 2011 traffic contributed an average of 38 hours of misery per year , costing the nation an estimated $ 120 billion in lost time and wasted fuel . Noise : Horns honking . Wheels screeching . The grumble of a river of motorcars pouring down the boulevard . Excessive environmental noise is linked to insomnia , stress and deafness . Can you hear me ? An estimated 104 million Americans per year are exposed to harmful clamor , most of it derived from traffic . No parking : Studies show that on average 30 % of the traffic in cities is the result of people just cruising to find parking . What is a car without a place to park ? A two-ton albatross around the neck . Quick death : Cars are killers -- of pedestrians , cyclists and other drivers . In America , the lifetime odds of dying by car are 1 in 112 ; only cancer , heart and respiratory diseases , and suicide kill more Americans . Slow death : Cars also contribute to cancer and heart and respiratory diseases by spewing pollution , adding heat to the summer-hot city and preventing exercise . You 'd feel better and be more productive if you walked or biked your way to work , at least during the nice weather . Wasted time : On the whole , cars are a lousy way to get people around . A busy city street can move about 4,400 people in cars in an hour . The same street could move 52,000  !  people by bus , streetcar or subway in the same time and use less energy in the process . Opinion : As nuclear power dies , solar rises And I have n't even mentioned the global effects of getting cars out of cities , among them : Reducing carbon pollution would slow climate change and habitat destruction . So how would this work ? It would require vision , leadership and collective will . Just imagine how a green city might work without cars . If folks were n't spending their paychecks on the beast , then they might be more willing to support the construction of frequent , clean , attractive , more extensive and cheaper public transportation , a boon for all , especially the elderly and disabled . People might also ride their bikes , or even walk , to work , once the places formerly used to house cars  that is , parking lots and garages  have been replaced with green housing , parks and open spaces for people . Streetcars , buses and light rail could move people around above ground . Subways could be retrofitted to transport freight rather than people by night . Smaller deliveries can go by bike or clean-fuel , golf-cart-like vehicles . How about emergencies ? Fire engines , ambulances and other emergency vehicles could still use city streets and would get there all the sooner for having less traffic to wade through . And what about weekends in the country ? No problem . Take the trolley up to a city line garage , claim your car and away you go . Just park it there again when you get back .	Eric Sanderson : Earth Day 's theme is green cities . How to get there ? Get cars out of town He says Americans would save substantial money and time by not driving in cities He says cars pollute and harm the health of humans and the environment Sanderson : Biking , walking and light rail would obviate need for cars
CNN  -- One year ago , Taliban gunmen in Pakistan boarded a school van and shot Malala Yousafzai , then 15 , for speaking out for girls ' education . Malala survived the tragedy , and her courageous story of a teenage girl who would not be silenced inspired tens of millions more in the fight for girls ' rights . As Malala said in July during her historic address at the United Nations , "  I raise up my voice -- not so that I can shout , but so that those without a voice can be heard . " And as the world marks International Day of the Girl on Friday , it is worth remembering all those young girls , the same age as Malala and some even younger , whose voices go unheard : the millions of child brides around the world robbed of their youth and their rights , including the chance at education . The world will never know the talent it loses to early forced marriages . Most of the world 's child brides reside in Malala 's home region of South Asia . In her native Pakistan , almost one-fourth of the country 's girls find themselves in unions or marriages by age 18 . India , Pakistan 's neighbor to the east , has more child brides than any other country in the world , with 47 % of all of the country 's more than 600 million girls married before their 18th birthday . In Bangladesh , 66 % of girls end up becoming child brides , the third-highest rate in the world . The tradition of child marriage , reinforced by poverty , instability and a lack of resources , has proven hard to fight even in this era of globalization . Education has proven to be one of the most potent weapons in the fight against child marriage . According to Girls Not Brides , a global partnership to end child marriage , a girl who receives seven or more years of schooling will marry an average of four years later . In Mozambique , around 60 % of girls without an education are married by 18 , compared with 10 % who complete secondary schooling . That number drops to nearly zero for those who are able to reach higher education . When a girl can become a student instead of a bride , her family benefits . A study in Pakistan measuring returns on education showed that extending a girl 's schooling by one year led to a 13 % to 18 % increase in her wages . Data from a Population Reference Bureau study put that number at up to 20 % . A baby born to a literate mother is 50 % more likely to live past the age of 5 . And child vaccination rates quadruple when mothers are educated . When girls become brides , on the other hand , schooling is often not an option . Even if husbands and their families permit the girl to go to school , the immediate push to have children makes girls much more likely to drop out . Pregnancy is the leading cause of death worldwide for girls ages 15 to 19 . Child brides have precious few paths to earning an income and to contributing to their family 's economic health , leaving girls ensnared in a vicious cycle of poverty . Domestic violence and HIV transmission also increase dramatically when girls marry at a young age , further threatening both the girls and the well-being of their children . For every Malala you meet there are many more whose stories will never be known -- girls robbed of their chance to pursue their dreams and to go to school simply because they are girls . That is not just their loss ; it is ours . Girls are a precious natural resource . And we do n't have talent to waste . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Tzemach Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Pakistani student Malala Yousafzai raised her voice for girls ' education Lemmon says girls in South Asia are married as children at high rate and are denied an education She says educated girls make more money , their babies live longer , their families benefit Lemmon : If married early , girls have higher mortality , HIV rates and poverty
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The head of Iraq 's main humanitarian group said an 18-year-old approached him with a baby suffering from leukemia . The desperate mother said she 'd do "  anything " for treatment for her child -- and then offered herself up for sex . Baha , 12 , waits for treatment in an Iraqi Red Crescent center after shrapnel pierced his left eye . Said Ismail Hakki breaks down in tears as he recalls that story . Leukemia can be treatable to a degree in much of the world , but not in Iraq . The baby died two months later . "  It shook me like hell , " said Hakki , the president of the Iraqi Red Crescent . "  All my life I 've been a surgeon . I 've seen blood ; I 've seen death . That never shook me -- none whatsoever . But when I see the suffering of those people , that really shook me . " The plight of Iraq 's children is nearing epidemic proportions , he said , with mothers and fathers abandoning their children "  because they 're becoming a liability . " The parents do n't do it out of convenience , they do it out of desperation . Watch the plight of Iraq 's children " "  When you become so desperate , you tend to just throw everything up and go , " Hakki said . "  Every time I look at those children , I ask myself first , ` What crime have those children committed ? ' " Hakki says Red Crescent has the monumental task of treating and feeding more than 1.6 million children under the age of 12 who have become homeless in their own country . That 's roughly 70 percent of the estimated 2.3 million Iraqis who are homeless inside Iraq . How to help the Iraqi Red Crescent With 95,000 volunteers and 5,000 employees , the Iraqi Red Crescent is the last line of defense for the country 's poor , sick and displaced . They try to blend in as best they can , with Shiites , Sunnis and Kurds working in the neighborhoods distinct to their ethnicities . Six employees of the Iraqi Red Crescent have been killed over the last four years . Eight have been wounded , including six left disabled by the severity of their wounds . Hakki says the spike in numbers of abandoned children is especially alarming , the result of sectarian violence and drastic socio-economic problems . The majority of parents in Iraq , he says , leave their children with a single relative who often has about 20 to 30 children to look after . Some parents just leave their kids altogether . Many of the families are living in areas without basic needs , like water and electricity , and there are no jobs available . "  It 's a desperate situation , " he said . "  Children are becoming a liability for both the father and the mother . " The greatest concern is the ripple effect it will have in the long term -- an entire generation lacking basic life skills , surviving with no education , no income and no families . See wounded Iraqi children get help in neighboring Jordan " "  The trauma of what 's happening to those children is enormous , " he said . "  If somebody is injured by a bullet or shrapnel , it takes a week or two and he 's fine . ... The psycho-social injury is pretty deep and can take months , if not years , to heal . "  That 's the task -- the mammoth task -- the Iraq Red Crescent is facing . " The group gets some financial support from the central government . It 's also negotiating with the U.S. Embassy , he said , to see if it can offer financial aid . But funds are low . Just recently , the group closed 18 camps for the winter and is trying to house those thousands of people in abandoned government buildings . At a waiting room at an Iraqi Red Crescent treatment center in Baghdad 's Mansour district , CNN came across several young children in desperate need of care . But they were among the lucky ones -- if that term can even be applied -- because their parents remain with them . Baha , a 12-year-old boy , was waiting to see a doctor , recalling the exact date -- January 16 , 2004 -- he lost his left eye . "  I want my eye to get well , " he said . Baha was with his father in a market when someone opened fire on U.S. soldiers . When the soldiers fired back , shrapnel hit his eye . Despite what happened , this brave boy still goes to that same market . "  I 'm not afraid , " he said . Across the room , 3-year-old Saja lightened the mood in the room . "  Iraqis , we are still brothers ! " she sang . She giggled , laughed and darted around , bringing smiles to all who saw her . Yet , she could n't see most of what was around her . She 's blind in one eye and losing sight in the other -- the result of shoddy medical care . Her father , Dia'a , said he heard about the Iraqi Red Crescent from television and others who had been treated here . He said he ca n't afford to travel outside the country for medical treatment for his girl . This clinic , he said , has given him "  a ray of hope that I had lost . " He , too , expressed despair over the plight of Iraq 's youngest generation . "  Our children are suffering . All they talk about is weapons and bombs , " he said . "  They are children . We are older ; our hair turns gray . What happens to them hearing all the explosions and bombs ? "  We ca n't make them feel better because we are down . " That 's a sentiment that haunts the head of the Iraqi Red Crescent . "  There are times I get up in the middle of the night and I say , ` Oh my God , how are we going to solve it ? God help me to help those kids ! ' " E-mail to a friend CNN.com 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report in Atlanta .	Head of Iraqi Red Crescent says parents abandoning their kids at alarming rates Sometimes he wonders : "  Oh my God , how are we going to solve it ? " The greatest concern is the long-term effect on an entire generation "  Trauma of what 's happening to those children is enormous "
CNN  -- The credit crisis has transformed the global financial landscape , bankrupting established names and prompting unprecedented interventions by governments and central banks to save others from collapse as they buckle under the weight of "  toxic debts . " This timeline charts the key moments in that process . 2007 Feb. 7 : HSBC announces losses linked to U.S. subprime mortgages . May 17 : Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said growing number of mortgage defaults will not seriously harm the U.S. economy . A trader at the New York stock exchange reacts to the fall of global stock markets June : Two Bear Stearns-run hedge funds with large holdings of subprime mortgages run into large losses and are forced to dump assets . The trouble spreads to major Wall Street firms such as Merrill Lynch , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Goldman Sachs which had loaned the firms money . Aug. : French bank BNP Paribas freezes withdrawals in three investment funds . Sept. : Crisis-hit UK bank Northern Rock admits financial difficulties as it asks Bank of England for assistance . Share prices fall as customers queue up to withdraw their money . Oct. 1 : Swiss bank UBS announces losses liked to U.S. subprime mortgages . Oct. 5 : Investment bank Merrill Lynch reports losses of $ 5.5 billion . Oct. 15 : Cititgroup announces $ 6.5 billion third quarter losses . Oct. 24 : Merrill Lynch announces losses to be over $ 8 billion . 2008 Jan : Swiss bank UBS announces fourth quarter losses at $ 14 billion . Jan. 11 : Bank of America pays $ 4 billion for Countryside Financial . Jan. 15 : Citigroup reports $ 18.1 billion loss in fourth quarter . Jan. 17 : Merrill Lynch reports $ 11.5 billion loss in fourth quarter . Washington Mutual posts losses . Feb. 13 : UK bank Northern Rock is nationalized . March : UK hedge fund Peloton Partners and U.S. fund Carlyle Capital fail . March 16 : Bear Stearns , the U.S. 's fifth largest investment bank , collapses and is taken over by JP Morgan . April 1 : German Deutsche Bank credit losses of $ 3.9 billion in first quarter . April 13 : U.S. bank Wachovia Corp. reports big loss for quarter . May 12 : HSBC writes off $ 3.2 billion in the first quarter linked to exposure to the U.S. subprime market . July 22 : WaMu reports $ 3.3 billion loss for second quarter . Aug. 31 : German Commerzbank AG takes over Dresdner Kleinwort investment bank . Sept 7 : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac effectively nationalized by the U.S. Treasury which places them into "  conservatorship . " Sept. 9 : Lehman Brothers shares plummet to lowest level on Wall Street in more than a decade . Sept 14 : Lehman Brothers files for bankruptcy . Stock markets plummet ; Central banks inject billions of dollars into money markets . Bank of America agrees to buy Merrill Lynch . Sept. 16 : AIG Corp , the world 's biggest insurer , bailed out by the U.S. Federal Reserve . Morgan Stanley and Wachovia enter merger talks . Sept. 17 : Halifax Bank of Scotland  HBOS  to merge with UK bank Lloyds TSB in an emergency rescue plan . Sept. 18 : Federal Bank and other central banks inject billions into global markets to help ease the crunch . Sept. 22 : Japan 's Nomura Holdings buys Lehman 's Asian operations for up to $ 525 million . Sept. 25 : WaMu sold to JP Morgan . Sept. 27 : HSBC announces 1,100 job cuts worldwide . Sept. 29 : - U.S. Congress rejects $ 700 billion plan to bail out the U.S. financial system . - UK 's Bradford & Bingley nationalized . Santander to buy deposits for $ 38.2 bn - German bank Hypo Real Estate to be bailed out by banks and government . - Citigroup , the world 's largest bank , says it will buy Wachovia . - Belgian giant Fortis is bailed out by Netherlands , Belgium and Luxembourg . - Royal Bank of Scotland shares lose a fifth of their value . - Iceland part-nationalizes Glitnir , one of its biggest banks . Sept 30 : - Belgian bank Dexia bailed out by France , Belgium and Luxembourg . - Swiss bank UBS announces small profit in third quarter . - Irish government guarantees safety of bonds , debts and deposits . Oct 1 : US Senate passes amended $ 700 billion bail-out plan . Oct 3 : - US Congress passes $ 700 billion bail-out , President Bush signs it into law . - Swiss bank UBS to cut 2000 jobs . - Dutch government nationalizes banking and insurance activities of Fortis . Oct 4-6 : - Proposed Hypo Real Estate bailout collapses . - Chancellor Angela Merkel announces new plan for Hypo bailout worth $ 69bn . - Merkel also announces guarantee of deposits in German banks . - UK raises limit on guaranteed bank deposits from # 35,000 - # 50,000 . - EU leaders meet in Paris for emergency summit to discuss financial crisis . - Battle rages between Citigroup and Wells Fargo over purchase of Wachovia . - French bank BNP Paribas takes 75 % stake in Fortis Oct 6 : - Danish government announces plan to guarantee bank deposits - Wells Fargo and Citigroup agree to legal standstill in battle for Wachovia . - Bank of America reports 68 % profit drop , stock sale to raise $ 10bn . Oct 7 : Icelandic bank Landsbanki nationalized ; Icesave , Landbanki 's internet bank , freezes UK customers ' accounts . Oct 8 : - UK Treasury freezes assets of Landsbanki in the UK ; threatens legal action - UK Treasury announces # 500 billion bank rescue package . - U.S. , UK , China , Canada , Sweden , Switzerland and ECB cut interest rates . - IMF forecasts "  Major global downturn " . Oct 9 : Iceland nationalizes its biggest bank Kaupthing . Oct 10 : Black Friday - G7 finance ministers meet in Washington and issue a five-point plan . - Nikkei falls almost 10 % , biggest drop in 20 years . - FTSE falls more than 10 % , closes at 8.85 % ; worst daily fall since 1987 . - Oil prices fall to $ 80 a barrel . - Dow crashes nearly 700 points before regaining some lost ground . - Icelandic bank Kaupthing is nationalized . Oct 11 - 12 : - The Fed rubberstamps Wachovia takeover by Wells Fargo . - 15 EU leaders meet in Paris for emergency summit on crisis . - Gordon Brown urges them to adopt similar measures to UK bank rescue plan . - Leaders agree to guarantee loans between banks until end of 2009 . - Germany , France and Italy to announce individual plans Monday . - Australia agrees to guarantee deposits for next 3 years . - New Zealand guarantees bank deposits for 2 years . Oct 13 : - EU stock markets bounce back in response to EU leaders ' bailout announcements . - UK bails out 3 banks : RBS , HBOS and Lloyds TSB at cost of $ 63 billion . - Bank of England loans $ 174 million to Icelandic bank Landsbanki to help repay UK depositors . Oct 14 : - Iceland in talks with Russia to negotiate emergency loan of $ 5.44 billion after bank collapses . - U.S. follows UK lead by part-nationalizing banks . Oct 15 : - European and Asian stock markets fall after initial upswing . - Southeast Asian nations agree to start fund to provide financial support to countries in crisis ; World Bank commits $ 10 billion to the planned fund . - Russian stock market posts losses as RTS Index falls below 800 points . Oct 16 : - Global markets fall on fears of global slowdown . - Citigroup delays merger of its Japanese brokerage units due to costs involved . - Swiss government bails out UBS with $ 59.2 billion . - Credit Suisse posts 1.3 billion-franc third quarter loss ; raises $ 8.7 billion from investors . - Hungarian central bank gets cash injection from ECB to value of $ 6.7 billion . - EU leaders at Brussels summit call for complete overhaul of international financial system .	Banking crisis has transformed the world 's financial landscape Many established names bankrupted or bailed out as a consequence of bad debts After inital upswing , world stock markets fall once more EU leaders at summit call for overhaul of international financial system
A five-month-old dog that fell into hot tar spilled around a construction site in northern India was eventually saved by a four-hour rescue operation . Claire Abrams from the animal welfare group , Animal Aid Unlimited , says staff from the charity rushed to the scene in the city of Udaipur , Rajasthan , after receiving a phone call from a passerby . They found the dog lying motionless , his hardened body stuck to the ground : "  There was no way he could have come out of his own , without any intervention , " Abrams said . The rescuers spent hours massaging a large amount of vegetable oil into his body to loosen the tar , avoiding the use of kerosene because of its harsh effects on skin . After about four hours , the crew were able to pull the dog out of the sticky liquid , before taking him to the animal shelter . It took several days to clear his body of the tar . On his first night of arrival at the shelter , Abrams says : "  He was petrified and breathing heavily . " The dog , now affectionately known as "  Tar Baby " , has recovered successfully and has also been vaccinated . Based in Udaipur , Animal Aid Unlimited is home to a number of dogs , cows , donkeys and pigs . The charity provides emergency assistance and shelter to street animals , responding to calls made to their dedicated helpline .	A 5-month-old dog fell into hot tar at a construction site in northern India It took four hours to massage vegetable oil into his body and save him The dog recovered successfully and is now known as "  Tar Baby "
CNN  -- Jon Meacham is quick with a quip when asked why he decided to write a biography of Andrew Jackson . Andrew Jackson is the president of his time who is "  most like us , " says biographer Jon Meacham . "  Any president who tried to attack his own assassin is worth writing about , " Meacham says . But Meacham quickly turns serious when tallying the seventh president 's historical importance -- and personal flaws . "  He is the president -LSB- of his era -RSB- most like us , " the Newsweek editor says in a phone interview from Charleston , South Carolina . "  He was capable of great grace , but he could also be terribly cruel . ... In his complexities , I saw our own . " It 's those kinds of contradictions that have kept historians revisiting Jackson for the past 175 years , and got Meacham going on "  American Lion "  Random House  . Jackson was the first president not from Virginia or Massachusetts , a frontiersman and general not connected to the Founding Fathers or Washington aristocracy . He was viewed with distaste by some , admiration by others . Some Washington colleagues , including Kentucky congressman Henry Clay , believed he was little more than an erratically tempered hick with dictatorial impulses . "  I can not believe that the killing of 2,000 Englishmen at New Orleans qualifies a person for the various difficult and complicated duties of the Presidency , " Clay once said , referring to Jackson 's victory at the 1815 Battle of New Orleans . But he also was the subject of hero worship among citizens who admired him for his military leadership , his steadfast loyalty to national ideals , and the fact that he was n't what would now be called a "  Washington insider . " Meacham , who had access to a trove of heretofore-unreleased letters from Jackson intimates , sees him as closer to the latter . "  He could use his passions and temper to his ends , or he would n't have been president , " Meacham says . "  I do n't believe he could have been president , even in 1828 , if he were a wild man . " Jackson obviously still inspires fascination today . Meacham 's biography has been high on the New York Times bestseller list since it came out in mid-November . As portrayed by Meacham , the president was not without wounds . Some were psychological : He "  never recovered from being an orphaned little boy , " says Meacham . Some were political : He saw himself as the victim of a "  corrupt bargain " in the 1824 election , in which he had won a plurality -- but not a majority -- of popular and electoral votes in a four-way race . By law , the election was thrown to the House of Representatives , where the presidency was awarded to John Quincy Adams  with , Jackson believed , the conniving of Henry Clay , who became Adams ' secretary of state  . And some were both . Jackson married his wife , Rachel , before she was officially divorced from her first husband , unbeknownst to either of them ; when she died at 51 just after the 1828 election of a heart attack , Jackson blamed the stress on the attacks of the national press , which had found out about her past . Indeed , Jackson 's own health was often questioned , and some observers wondered if he would survive his first term . A number of Jackson 's policies still bother historians , most notably his instigation of "  Indian removal , " which forced Native American tribes from their homes east of the Mississippi River . Ironically , Jackson was friendly with a number of Native chiefs , but he was determined to open their lands to white settlement . But Meacham finds much to admire in the seventh president . Though a religious man , he was a strong believer in the separation of church and state , "  which was unusual for a man of his background , " Meacham says .  He also did n't trust ministers ; during his first term , one reason for a cabinet crisis was a clergyman 's whispering sanctimony . And Jackson 's passion came in handy , whether in shutting down the Bank of the United States  which he saw as a rival power center and a tool of the wealthy  or simply staying alive . When a deranged painter attempted to shoot him near the U.S. Capitol in 1835 , Jackson -- as Meacham says -- attacked the man .  He also won a duel in 1806 , killing a man named Charles Dickinson ; he carried Dickinson 's bullet in his chest for the rest of his 78 years . This was also the man who , upon leaving office in 1837 , purportedly said he had only two regrets : "  that I have not shot Henry Clay or hanged -LSB- former Jackson vice president -RSB- John C. Calhoun . " Though duels are no longer in vogue , Meacham says Jackson can still provide a template for the new occupant of the White House . Indeed , he says , Barack Obama would be wise to use Jackson 's most noble passion : his belief in the power of the common man , which to Jackson was more than mere words . "  As long as our government is administered for the good of the people , and is regulated by their will ; as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property , liberty of conscience , and of the press , it will be worth defending , " Jackson once observed . " -LSB- Obama should -RSB- keep people connected , " says Meacham . "  People want to be a part of things . "	President Andrew Jackson subject of new biography , "  American Lion " Seventh president a man of contradictions , also modern in many ways Author Jon Meacham finds much to admire in Jackson 's passion
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- At least three people were killed and five others injured in a car bomb blast near Yemen 's Oil Ministry , government officials said Sunday . The explosions happened near the rear entrance of the ministry , which is located in the capital , Sanaa , where security has been tightened in the last few weeks . An Oil Ministry official told CNN the bomb is believed to have been planted under a car belonging to an officer . "  Security is very tight in the area and we believe those behind the attack were hoping the vehicle would be allowed to enter the ministry compound and explode inside , " the official told CNN . "  Security is always tight at the ministry , but if the vehicle had exploded inside the compound , there would have been dozens of deaths , " said Sanaa resident Bakri al-Areqi , who lives near the ministry . Yemen 's defense and interior ministry officials confirmed the blast had occurred . It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack . Strict checkpoints have been put up on roads leading to the oil and defense ministries . Two soldiers were killed and 14 others were injured Tuesday when a bomb planted under a military bus exploded in Sanaa , authorities said . The soldiers were on their way to work from another district of the capital . Violence continues on a daily basis in Sanaa , with thousands of troops still stationed on the streets . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Car bomb explodes near Yemeni Oil Ministry Three people killed , five injured in the explosion Security has been stepped up in Sanaa in last few weeks Two soldiers killed in bus blast last week
CNN  -- Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas are taking a break from their marriage . A rep for Zeta-Jones confirms to CNN that the Hollywood power couple are in the middle of "  evaluating " their relationship . "  Catherine and Michael are taking some time apart to evaluate and work on their marriage , " the rep said , declining to offer further comment . Zeta-Jones and Douglas tied the knot in November 2000 and have stuck together through sickness and health . Douglas , 68 , was diagnosed with cancer in 2010 , and he 's said that Zeta-Jones held strong throughout his treatment . But after Douglas overcame his illness in 2011 , it was his turn to take care of his spouse , who checked herself into a mental health facility to receive treatment for bipolar II disorder . In April 2013 , the 43-year-old actress again sought treatment . According to People magazine , Douglas and Zeta-Jones decided to spend some time apart the following month , after Douglas returned from the Cannes Film Festival . Neither celebrity has moved to file for divorce or a legal separation , and a source close to the couple calls their separation "  a break . " Douglas and Zeta-Jones have two children together , 13-year-old Dylan and 10-year-old Carys . "  They want the best for their kids , no matter what happens , " an unnamed family friend told People . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas are taking a marital break The couple are taking time to evaluate and work on their marriage They tied the knot in November 2000
New York  CNN  -- The family of a 7-year-old Bronx boy is suing the city of New York and its police force for $ 250 million , claiming the child was falsely arrested and handcuffed over a $ 5 theft . After being accused of stealing the money from a fellow student in November , the parents say , the boy was taken out of his third-grade class in the Bronx and detained by authorities . The family filed the suit last week , but the incident came into the spotlight early Wednesday in New York when the boy 's mother released a photo of the boy being handcuffed . The court filing says the child was handcuffed by police , held for 10 hours and charged with two counts of robbery that were later dropped . But the New York Police Department disputes those allegations , saying the claims are exaggerated . "  We 're barred from discussing details involving a minor , but that does n't stop a plaintiff 's lawyer from exploiting a child and grossly distorting and fabricating ` facts , ' " said Deputy Police Commissioner Paul J. Browne . Police said they have referred the case to Internal Affairs for further review . The New York City Department of Education declined to comment because the incident did not occur on school grounds . Police handcuff 6-year-old student in Georgia	The boy was accused of stealing the money from a fellow student in November The family filed the suit last week ; the boy 's mother released a photo Wednesday The NYPD says the lawsuit greatly exaggerates the details of the incident
CNN  -- Former oil tycoon and Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky arrived in Switzerland Sunday , according to a statement posted on his website . Khodorkovsky was pardoned and released from a Russian prison on December 20 after spending 10 years in jail after a fraud and tax evasion conviction . Less than a week after his release , Khodorkovsky was granted a Schengen visa -- which allows him to travel throughout the European Union -- by Swiss authorities . Khodorkovsky "  is grateful for the principled positions taken by the Swiss authorities over the many years of his unjust imprisonment , " read the statement . "  Swiss judicial authorities were quick to recognise the politicised nature of Mr. Khodorkovsky 's prosecution . " According to the statement , "  the purpose of his visit is a family matter , as he and his wife are accompanying their two sons back to school in Switzerland . " Khodorkovsky has two twin sons studying in a Swiss school . Khodorkovsky and his wife traveled by train from Berlin , where they have been since Khodorkovsky 's release . After Russian President Vladimir Putin 's December pardon , the country 's Supreme Court will take a second look at cases against Khodorkovsky , state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . The court cited the European Court of Human Rights ' criticism of the tax evasion and fraud case . The statement said Khodorkovsky has not made plans for permanent residency in Switzerland . Russia has faced international criticism for its treatment of Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , with countries including the United States accusing it of selective prosecution and abuse of the legal system . Khodorkovsky 's release was one of dozens , part of Putin 's new amnesty law that some critics have described as a public relations campaign ahead of the Winter Olympics in Sochi . In past statements to CNN , Khodorkovsky has said his prosecution was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take control of Yukos , the oil company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s . Khodorkovsky speaks out	Former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky arrives in Switzerland Russian dissident travels to visit his family Khodorkovsky was jailed for 10 years in Russian prison
Washington  CNN  -- An infected flash drive put in a U.S. military laptop in 2008 set off the most significant cyberattack ever against the military and brought a turning point in cyberdefense strategy , a top defense official wrote in an article published Wednesday . Deputy Defense Secretary William J. Lynn III , in an article titled "  Defending a New Domain " posted on Foreign Affairs magazine 's web site , said the "  previously classified incident was the most significant breach of U.S. military computers ever . " According to Lynn , the attack served as "  an important wake-up call " that led to a new Pentagon counterattack strategy dubbed Operation Buckshot . "  An enormous amount of foundational work remains , but the U.S. government has begun putting in place various initiatives to defend the United States in the digital age , " Lynn 's article said . The attack started with the infected laptop at a U.S. base in the Middle East , according to Lynn . "  The flash drive 's malicious computer code , placed there by a foreign intelligence agency , uploaded itself onto a network run by the U.S. Central Command , " his article said . "  That code spread undetected on both classified and unclassified systems , establishing what amounted to a digital beachhead , from which data could be transferred to servers under foreign control . " He continued : "  It was a network administrator 's worst fear : a rogue program operating silently , poised to deliver operational plans into the hands of an unknown adversary . " Lynn 's article provided no details on specific files lost or stolen in the attack , which he called one of countless attempts to intrude into U.S. military networks . Others also have succeeded , he said , with adversaries acquiring "  thousands of files from U.S. networks and from the networks of U.S. allies and industry partners , including weapons blueprints , operational plans , and surveillance data . " In response , he wrote , the Pentagon has built layered defenses around military networks and launched the new U.S. Cyber Command to "  integrate cyberdefense operations across the military . " "  The Pentagon is now working with the Department of Homeland Security to protect government networks and critical infrastructure and with the United States ' closest allies to expand these defenses internationally , " Lynn wrote .	Top defense official details previously classified cyberattack Infected flash drive in laptop infiltrated Defense Department systems U.S. Cyber Command , other steps are part of the response
CNN  -- Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma of Spain won Wednesday 's 362km fourth stage of the Dakar Rally from San Juan to Chilecito , although the Spaniard still trails KTM team-mate Cyril Despres in the overall standings . The 35-year-old finished over two minutes ahead of Despres , leaving the Frenchman still eight minutes and 10 seconds ahead of Coma in the overall standings . The pair are already well clear of their rivals , with third-placed Helder Rodrigues of Portugal , who finished fourth on the day , nearly 27 minutes adrift . Coma , who is playing catch-up after losing 10 minutes on Tuesday when he took the wrong route , told reporters : "  I tried to drive at a very high pace from the beginning , but it was difficult . "  I was able to overtake a few drivers and gain some time on Cyril and I will keep on fighting every day . " Meanwhile , nine-time overall winner Stephane Peterhansel took the lead in the car section after coming home first in Wednesday 's stage . The 46-year-old Mini driver finished five minutes and 19 seconds ahead of Argentinian Orlando Terranova in a Toyota , while South African Giniel De Villiers was third , also in a Toyota . Peterhansel leads De Villiers by 5:41 in the overall standings , but defending champion Nasser Al-Attiyah of Qatar is now over 30 minutes behind in seventh place after his Hummer broke down .	Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma wins the fourth stage of the Dakar Rally Coma now lies just over eight minutes behind Cyril Despre in the overall standings Stephane Peterhansel has taken the lead in the car standings after Wednesday 's stage
InStyle  -- Life is full of reasons to smile , but expressing joy can cause lines to form around your eyes and mouth . Luckily , you do n't have to grin and bear it . Read on for tips to keep creases at bay and make skin look smoother and younger Naomi Watts confidently flashes her radiant smile . Why wrinkles form 1 . Decreased volume Over time , skin loses fat and produces less hyaluronic acid , a substance that retains moisture . As a result , mature skin is thinner and drier than young skin . "  Like a helium balloon the day after a party , " says Beverly Hills dermatologist Mark Rubin , "  when skin is not filled to the same degree , you 'll see crinkling on the surface . " Minimize the effects Apply moisturizer to temporarily rehydrate  and plump up  the skin . For more help , try filler injections . 2 . Loss of elasticity As skin ages , the collagen and elastin fibers in the dermis break down , reducing skin 's ability to "  snap back " from smiles and other facial expressions . Exposure to sunlight accelerates this process , especially UVA rays , which penetrate deeper into the skin than UVB rays . Minimize the effects Wear broad-spectrum sunblock  look for such ingredients as Mexoryl , Helioplex and avobenzone  , and apply an antioxidant cream daily . To build collagen , try products with vitamin A , peptides or growth hormones . 3 . Repetitive motion Dynamic movements that cause the skin to repeatedly crease in the same place , such as smiling , will wear down the underlying tissue in that specific spot , creating a line that remains after muscles relax . Minimize the effects Smiling is essential , but you can limit other motions that deepen crow 's - feet . For example , wear sunglasses to keep from squinting in bright light . For the most dramatic results , consider Botox . Expert help for smile lines For fast results , consider in-office procedures for trouble spots . 1 . Injectable fillers Collagen and hyaluronic acid fillers  like Restylane  can be injected directly into wrinkles to restore volume loss . Collagen is thin and more viscous , making it easier to apply under thin eye skin . By contrast , hyaluronic acid , which is denser and lasts longer , is better suited for filling the nasolabial area  the lines from mouth to nose  . Primary area of use : Crow 's feet and nasolabial folds Costs : Collagen : $ 250 -- $ 550 per area ; hyaluronic acid : $ 300 -- $ 850 per area Lasts : Collagen : 3 -- 4 months ; hyaluronic acid : 6 -- 12 months Downtime : Swelling can last 1 -- 2 days ; some slight redness . Risks : Bumpiness and bruising Our experience : These deep injections hurt , but our tester saw immediate improvement in nasolabial folds . She had no swelling . Insider tip : If you get a bump , massage the area within 24 hours to smooth it out . 2 . Botox Botulinum toxin , aka Botox , "  relaxes the muscles , so when you smile , the skin wo n't crinkle up in the area around your eyes , " says Michigan dermatologist D'Anne Kleinsmith . Limiting repetitive movements prevents the formation of wrinkles in those areas and lessens the appearance of existing lines . Primary area of use : Forehead , brow lines and crow 's - feet COST $ 200 -- $ 500 per area Lasts : Approximately 3 -- 4 months Downtime : Virtually none , but slight swelling  that looks like a welt  may last a few hours following the injection . Risks : Drooping of the eyelid or brow  rare Our experience : Slightly painful . It takes three to four days for dynamic wrinkles  that appear when you make facial expressions  to disappear . Insider tip : Avoid blood thinners such as ibuprofen or aspirin before treatment ; they increase the risk of bruising . At-home treatments Use topical products to look better today -- and tomorrow . Instant fix "  Anything you can do to hydrate your skin softens the appearance of fine lines , " says dermatologist Susan Weinkle of Bradenton , Florida . For spot treatment of wrinkles , a product with a thick , cushiony feel fills in cracks better than a thinner cream or serum . Try : Estée Lauder Perfectionist Correcting Concentrate for Deeper Facial Lines/Wrinkles . Long-term help Nothing will turn back the clock or erase damage caused by sunbathing , but you can stimulate the production of new collagen to bolster the skin 's thickness and firmness . Look for products with retinol  like Clinique  or peptides  like Olay  . Try : Olay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting cream or Clinique Zero Gravity Repairwear Lift . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Wrinkles come with age because of less fat , loss of elasticity Injectable fillers can replace volume and diminish wrinkles Botox can relax muscles , lessons appearance of lines Protect skin from sun to prevent skin damage
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Hey , Hey It 's Esther Blueburger " is the latest comic creation to emerge from the Australian film market . Guy Pearce , Hugo Weaving and Terence Stamp star in the camp classic "  The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert . " An unabashed celebration of girlishness , the coming-of-age movie tells the story of Esther , a bespectacled and awkward teen . Looked down on as nerd at her posh private school , Esther  played by newcomer Danielle Catanzariti  reinvents herself after befriending Sunni , an older girl who goes to the local public school . Bearing a passing resemblance to the runaway U.S. indie hit "  Juno " , "  Esther Blueburger " could well go on to imitate some of the worldwide success of its hipper American cousin . If the film is to do well , its kitschness can surely only work to its advantage . After all , many of the Australian comedies that have found success with an international audience have relied on more than just a smattering of camp . Oddly , from a country that brought the world "  Mad Max " and Russell Crowe , many of the biggest comic hits fly in the face of the conventional stereotypes of Australian culture as straight-talking and macho . For every "  Crocodile Dundee " , in other words , there is a "  Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " , riding triumphantly over the horizon ready to unsettle the manhood and steal the laughs into the bargain . It was Paul Hogan 's comic creation Mick "  Crocodile " Dundee , the laidback survivalist from the outback that first put Australian comic films on the map over 20 years ago . The first "  Crocodile Dundee " film was released in 1986 to huge commercial success worldwide -- it was the highest grossing film internationally that year -- spawned two sequels and was credited with boosting the Australian tourist industry . A lot of the laughs in the film come from the depiction of Mick Dundee  played by Hogan  as an unreconstructed , Aussie bloke struggling to come to terms with modern metropolitan life when he leaves small town Australia to visit New York . In one scene , for example , Dundee 's reaction to meeting a cross-dresser on the streets of the Big Apple is to grab the man 's crotch to verify his gender . Crocodile Dundee 's comic book version of Australian identity may have worked well in the movie theaters , but it was viewed by many critics as hackneyed and out of touch with the reality of modern Australia . The arrival of the writer and director Baz Luhrmann in the early '90s seemed to breath fresh life into Australian film . The stunning critical and financial success of his debut feature , "  Strictly Ballroom " in 1992 heralded a string of breakout hits that were n't afraid to show their feminine side . The story of a young ballroom dancer who flouts convention and risks the ire of the judges by dancing his own moves , "  Strictly Ballroom " provoked a bidding war at the Cannes Film Festival after it won the Prix de Jeunesse award . Alongside a realistic portrayal of Australian small town life , there is a warm-hearted send up of the peculiar world of ballroom dancing . From the sequined costumes to the Cyndi Lauper soundtrack , the movie is also saturated in campness and kitsch . The benchmark set by Luhrmann , whose 2001 stellar musical feature "  Moulin Rouge ! " was also defiantly camp , was matched by "  The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " in 1994 and by "  Muriel 's Wedding " to a lesser extent the same year . "  Priscilla " in particular created a huge stir when it was first released . Starring the venerable British actor Terence Stamp , Guy Pearce and Hugo Weaving , it is the story of three drag queens driving across the outback from Sydney to Alice Springs in a large bus they have named Priscilla . It has gone on to be regarded as a camp classic -- though perhaps not in South Korea , where it was reportedly banned for fear it might encourage homosexuality . Less overtly camp than "  Priscilla " , "  Muriel 's Wedding " celebrates the lighter side of femininity . The story of a socially awkward ` ugly duckling ' whose daydreams of a glamorous white wedding are soundtracked by Abba music , the film was a surprise hit globally and launched the Hollywood career of Toni Collette -- who has a role in "  Esther Blueburger " . Muriel  played by Collette  tramps around in leopard skin inviting bitchy comments from her crass friends until she eventually plucks up the courage to head to the city . Like "  Strictly Ballroom " , it exposes the mean-spiritedness that can blight small town life -- in this case the small town in question is the kitschy fictional coastal setting of Porpoise Spit . As well as their camp credentials , one thing these films share in common is a reluctance to slip into stereotyped depictions of Australians . Questions of national identity are explored with more subtlety through a range of characters , and the image of the Aussie bloke immortalised in the character of Mick Dundee is made to look a dated simplification . Still , this onslaught of camp sometimes proves too much , even for some of the films ' characters . As Bernadette  played by Stamp  tells her fellow drag queens at one point in "  Priscilla " : "  I 'll join this conversation on the proviso that we stop bitching about people , talking about wigs , dresses , bust sizes , penises , drugs , night clubs , and bloody Abba ! " To which Weaving 's character Tick snaps back : "  Does n't give us much to talk about then , does it ? "	"  Hey , Hey It 's Esther Blueburger " is the latest comedy film to come out of Australia Like many successful Australian comedies it relies on a high dose of kitsch Films like "  Strictly Ballroom " have subverted the macho Aussie stereotype "  The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " caused a storm on its release
CNN  -- As many as 50 people were injured Saturday afternoon after a car plowed into parade-goers in Damascus , Virginia , a police dispatcher told CNN . Of those injured , at least five or six were "  trauma victims , " the dispatcher said . The accident occurred during the Hiker 's Parade at the annual Trail Days festival , which honors the famed Appalachian Trail , in the town near the Virginia-Tennessee border . Dalton Thomson told CNN affiliate WCYB that he was pushed out of the way of the oncoming car by a hiker . "  We all looked back . There were hikers on top , hikers under the car , " said the boy . "  It was unreal . Nothing could be as scary as that . " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	Accident occurs during the Hiker 's Parade at the Trail Days festival Of the injured , there are five or six "  trauma victims , " a dispatcher says
CNN  -- A frequently overlooked place of farms , friendly towns and relatively few people is , for now , the epicenter of U.S. politics . The place is Iowa . The question is Why-owa ? The answer is a quaint and quirky institution known as the Iowa caucuses -- an unusual , old-fashioned evening of talking about the candidates running for president and then voting on them . Separate caucuses are held across Iowa as neighbors debate the pros and cons of candidates with each other before they vote among themselves , and that result then gets totted up with the other caucuses statewide to decide the winner . The U.S. presidential campaign has been under way for months as Republicans decide who they want to run against the presumed Democrat candidate , the incumbent President Barack Obama . Candidates have spoken at rallies , debated each other on TV and opinion polls are released at least weekly . But the Iowa caucuses , to be held on Tuesday January 3 , are the first time anyone will actually vote . "  The Iowa caucuses are really like nothing else in American politics , " said CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser . "  I mean , imagine a cold winter night , sub-freezing temperatures . It takes a lot for a person to come out to their local school , the local church and take part for about two hours in a caucus . You 've really got to be into the process . " Americans have long chosen their presidential candidates sequentially state by state . Most states hold what they call ` primaries ' -- primary elections -- to choose delegates to attend national conventions later in the year that formally select the Democratic and Republican party nominees . This year , all attention so far has been on the fight to become the Republican nominee because Obama is expected to be the Democratic candidate . To a casual visitor the primaries look a lot like any election , with the familiar routines of voters , ballot boxes and booths . But Iowa caucuses are different and the rules vary in the roughly 1,800 state precincts that hold them . There is n't necessarily a secret ballot ; sometimes there 's no ballot at all . After everyone gets a chance to express their opinions , the vote can be on paper , with a show of hands or , for Democrats , just by congregating into groups corresponding to the different candidates and seeing who has the biggest group . It 's a particular kind of politics with a long past . The caucuses date back in different forms more than 150 years . But they never attracted much attention until the 1970s when Iowa moved its caucuses ahead of the first primary and decided to stage them all on the same evening . The media started paying attention and candidates learned that a strong showing could generate headlines nationwide . Even so , winning Iowa does n't predict much because with just three million people , the state is so small , so rural , so white and , these days , so affluent . Its agriculture-based economy is doing well enough to be spared the worst of America 's economic downturn . A recent New York Times/CBS News poll found that nearly 90 percent of likely caucus-goers described their financial situation as good . The Times says that 's about 20 points higher than the average nationwide . So maybe it 's no surprise that , looking back over the decades , the most popular candidates in Iowa do n't tend to get their party 's nomination or the presidency . To be fair , Iowa did do better than usual last time : it was half right . On the Republican side , Mike Huckabee won his party 's caucuses in 2008 , but he did n't win the Republican nomination and he 's not the president today . The Democratic caucuses that year were more telling . Barack Obama did win them , the start of a long and surprising campaign that ended in the White House . So does Iowa matter ? Historian Hugh Winebrenner writes at IowaPolitics.Com that it does because America 's media say it does . "  Iowa is first , " Winebrenner notes . The "  caucuses provide early evidence -- hard news -- on the progress of the presidential race . This is the perception of Iowa 's role , and it is therefore the reality ... " But there is more to the reality . Even if Iowa does n't add much to the process , it does subtract . After the Iowa caucuses the most successful or determined candidates will stay in the race and head to the northeastern state of New Hampshire for its primary , the first in the nation , on January 10 . The others tend to start heading home . This year , the Republican race is so unsettled , with so many candidates trading the top spots in public opinion polls , that Iowa could be unusually close and confusing . And quirky . You can count on quirky .	After months of debates and rallies Iowa is the first state where people actually get to vote for a candidate The state holds caucuses where communities debate each candidate 's merits before voting , sometimes with a show of hands Iowa 's status as first to vote means it is watched closely although it does not always pick the eventual winner Its issues are sometimes different to the nation -- so far Iowa has been spared the worst of the economic downturn
CNN  -- Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard says he is happy to stay with the English Premier League side after reported interest from Spanish giants Real Madrid . Gerrard 's future was the subject of much speculation after Liverpool finished seventh last season and failed to qualify for the lucrative European Champions League . The 30-year-old delayed any decision until after the World Cup , where he captained England to a disappointing second round exit at the hands of Germany . He was linked with a move to Jose Mourinho 's Real Madrid but he has underlined his commitment to Liverpool after a private meeting with manager Roy Hodgson , who took over from Rafael Benitez earlier this month . Gerrard told Liverpool 's official website : "  I made it clear that I simply needed to concentrate on the World Cup and then have a decent holiday with my family . "  I wanted the chance to meet Roy Hodgson privately and having done so I 'm very impressed with his plans for the future of the team . "  I 've only returned to training on Tuesday with some of the other World Cup players , but I ca n't wait for the new season to start . " Gerrard 's declaration -- just a day after Liverpool announced the capture of England international Joe Cole -- was welcomed by Hodgson , who is also hoping to persuade Spain striker Fernando Torres to remain at the club . "  It 's a great piece of news , " Hodgson said . "  There wo n't be anyone in Liverpool who is n't delighted to hear that . I 'm really pleased about it because I 've got great respect for Steven Gerrard . "  He 's a player who I was really looking forward to working with when I came to Liverpool . It seems now with that commitment that this will happen . "  It gives everyone a boost without question . It will be a tough season , with a lot of matches and the disappointment of last season is going to take a while to dissipate , but it is very good that our best player is still going to be playing at this club . "  Hopefully with the signing of Joe Cole -- and if we are lucky one or two others , to boost the squad -- we will be going into this season 's competition , maybe stronger on paper than we were last season . " Gerrard said Cole was a "  great signing " for the club . "  I know Joe well through the England set-up and have seen first hand just how good a player he is . "  He 's proved his ability over many years in the Premier League , sometimes against us - so it will be fantastic to play alongside him in a red shirt for Liverpool . "  I 've told him what a great club this is and I 'm sure Joe 's the sort of exciting talent our fans will love to see . "	Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard says he is happy to stay at the club Gerrard has been linked with a move to Jose Mourinho 's Real Madrid The 30-year-old was England captain during the recent World Cup Gerrard says he is pleased with Liverpool 's capture of Joe Cole
Washington  CNN  -- It has been said over and over again : The 2010 midterm is the anti-incumbent , anti-Washington and by virtue of their position in power , the anti-Democratic election . A sputtering economy , 9.6 percent national unemployment rate , housing crisis and little hope for a quick turnaround on the jobs front has forced Democrats on the defense heading into November . OK , that is an understatement . Democrats are under siege all across the country and are in deep danger of losing control of the House and if a massive wave develops on November 2 , perhaps even the Senate . Fueled by a huge fundraising effort by the Republican Governors Association , the GOP is also in position to reclaim more than a half dozen governorships including in states that President Obama easily won in 2008 such as Iowa , Michigan , and Pennsylvania . The new CNN/Time/Opinion Research Corporation Polls offers data that shows Democrats running for Senate seats in four key states are in dire straits and a president with little juice to help propel them to victory . In all four of these states : Alaska , Arkansas , Florida and Ohio , Obama 's job approval rating ranges from a low of 33 percent  Arkansas  to a high of 42 percent  Ohio  . The anti-Washington , thus anti-Democratic , theme shines like a bright neon sign in each of these races . And the GOP 's rubber stamp argument seems to be resonating with voters , whether it is true or not : Sending , say , Arkansas Sen. Blanche Lincoln back to Washington means she will be a rubber stamp for Obama . Lincoln , who stuck to her centrist views and beat back a strong primary challenge from her political left earlier this year , is trailing her GOP opponent , Rep. John Boozman , by 14 points . In Ohio , Democratic Senate nominee Lee Fisher is down 15 points to Republican Rob Portman . And in Florida , GOP Senate nominee Marco Rubio has a 26 point lead over Democrat Kendrick Meek in a three way race that also features Charlie Crist . Crist is running an independent bid for the Senate seat and trails Rubio by 14 points . The National Republican Senatorial Committee is also making the claim to West Virginia voters that the popular Democratic Gov. Joe Manchin would be a rubber stamp for Obama if elected to the Senate  . But the Democrats running for governor in three of four of these states surveyed by CNN/Time/ORC shows that these candidates are either competitive or leading in their individual races . Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe has a 27-point lead over his GOP rival Jim Keet ; Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland is up one point over Republican opponent John Kasich ; and in the race for Florida governor , Democrat Alex Sink trails Republican Rick Scott by three points , which is within the poll 's 3.5 percent margin of error . So , I think it is fair to say -- outside of Alaska -- that Democratic incumbents and candidates in these three states are not being stuck in the same category as their Democratic counterparts running for Senate . That is not to say the national mood is not having a negative affect on these Democrats , it just has n't been devastating . As for the CNN/Time/ORC Poll , I dug a little deeper into the survey and found these interesting data points : Alaska : Lisa Murkowski obviously faces a difficult challenge in having her supporters correctly write-in her name on the ballot on November 2 . The poll shows that Murkowski and GOP nominee Joe Miller are tied at 37 percent , with Democratic nominee Scott McAdams registering support at 23 percent . But when respondents were asked if they might choose another candidate if they think the write-in procedure is too complicated , 3 percent answered yes . So , take that 3 percent away from Murkowski 's 37 percent and all of a sudden Miller is up three points . Murkowski is still within in the margin of error , but as CNN Polling Director Keating Holland noted "  in a tight race , this might be the difference between winning and losing . " Murkowski 's greatest support comes from Anchorage and the Panhandle , while Miller wins Fairbanks and the Anchorage area when you expand it beyond the city limits . Arkansas : How troubling is this for Democrat Blanche Lincoln ? She is losing the woman vote to Republican John Boozman by eight points . She performs strongest in the east , while Boozman wins every other region of the state . Florida : Republican Marco Rubio is winning independents by four points over Charlie Crist , who is running an independent bid . Rubio 's lead is within the 6 percent margin of error . Rubio is also winning every corner of the state except southern Florida/Miami area where Crist holds a modest lead over the Republican nominee and the Democratic nominee Kendrick Meek . In the governor 's race , Democrat Alex Sink is losing every region to Republican Rick Scott , but is crushing him in the southern Florida/Miami area . Sink , too , has soft support with women . She leads Scott by five points with women voters , but that is within the 5 percent margin of error for that specific question . Ohio : In the Senate contest , Democrat Lee Fisher is losing to Republican Rob Portman among men and woman and in every age category . Geographically , Fisher leads Portman in the Cleveland area by eight points , but that is within the 8.5 percent margin of error . Portman is winning in every other part of the state . As for the competitive governor 's race , Ted Strickland is winning women , while John Kasich wins men . Strickland has a 15-point lead over Kasich with voters who earn less than $ 50,000 , while Kasich has an 11-point lead over Strickland with voters who earn more than $ 50,000 . Kasich has an 11-point lead over Strickland with independents . As for geographic regions , Strickland is leading in the Cleveland area and the central part of the state  the latter is within the margin of error  , while Kasich is carrying Cincinnati/Dayton and has a slight lead in Columbus . In the industrial north , the two candidates are dead even .	Democrats running for Senate seats in four key states are in dire straits GOP 's Obama rubber stamp argument seems to be resonating with voters But Democrats running for governor in three states are competitive or leading
Mayor Rob Ford 's surprise appearance in Hollywood may be the biggest thing from Toronto since Justin Bieber . Ford has become infamous well beyond Canada for his antics , including an admission that he smoked crack cocaine . Toronto 's mayor was walking down Hollywood Boulevard checking out Canadians with stars on the Walk of Fame when a CNN camera crew covering the Oscars spotted him . He flew into Los Angeles Saturday night , greeted at LAX airport by TV host Jimmy Kimmel dressed as a chauffeur . He 's scheduled to appear on Kimmel 's late night show Monday , he said . When CNN asked him why he came to Hollywood during the Academy Awards weekend , he delivered a combination Chamber of Commerce and re-election campaign speech . "  We are Hollywood North and we have a great city and we want people to come and visit our city , and make movies , and see the great theaters and restaurants we have and sporting venues and , you know , we have a responsible government there , too . " Ford said . "  It is responsible and accountable too , and I have a proven track record and I just ca n't wait for this election . " Ford could n't score a ticket to the Oscars ceremony Sunday , but he said he has been invited to an Oscar party . "  I 'm looking forward to it , " he said . Along with promoting Toronto with movie producers , Ford is doing some sightseeing . "  Having fun , absolutely , walking on the Walk of Fame here , " he said . "  Saw Mike Myers from Scarborough , so makes us very proud . " He 's using his Twitter account to keep citizens back home informed on his activities . "  CNN checking in , I 'm busy telling people what a great destination #Toronto is for the movie & tourist industries , " he tweeted after the interview , including a photo of him talking to CNN .	Ford has become infamous for his antics , including an admission that he smoked crack Ford strolled Hollywood 's Walk of Fame checking out Canadian stars "  We are Hollywood North , " Ford says of Toronto Ford 's "  looking forward " to Oscar after-party
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican government has ordered 2,000 troops to the U.S.-Mexico border in response to a wave of drug-related violence that is blamed for 200 deaths since January , officials announced Thursday . Mexico has ordered troops to move near Juarez , shown here with El Paso , Texas , in the distance . The troops are expected to depart Friday . The majority will be near the northern border of Mexico , in Juarez . Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso , Texas . Officials said the violence in Mexico has increased in large part to competing drug cartels . "  In this battle we will show that no criminal group is capable to resist the strength of the Mexican government , " Interior Minister Juan Mourino said at a news conference Thursday . Defense Secretary Guillermo Galvan said 2,026 soldiers , 180 military tactical vehicles , three airplanes and more than a dozen drug detection devices would be employed in the military operation . "  Violence , and this needs to be stressed , generates organized crime of drug trafficking , " said Mexican Attorney General Medina Mora . "  It 's not in any way a sign of strength , but a sign of weakness , deterioration and decomposition . " E-mail to a friend CNN en Espanol 's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report .	Officials : 2,000 troops to go to border in response to wave of drug violence Majority of troops will be near the northern border of Mexico , in Juarez Violence has increased in large part to competing drug cartels
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of South Koreans were demonstrating Saturday on the streets of the capital to protest the government 's decision to import what they say is unsafe U.S. beef . South Korean protesters protest against government 's policy on U.S. beef imports on Saturday . South Korean police estimate that the crowd in Seoul is about 50,000 . No clashes were reported between the protesters and riot police , although ongoing protests have at times turned violent . South Koreans have protested regularly since April when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the United States after a five-year ban . That ban was instituted over a case of mad cow disease in the United States in 2003 . The widespread public protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak , who replaced seven top aides this month and plans to reshuffle his Cabinet . Tens of thousands of auto workers in South Korea went on strike Wednesday to oppose the government 's lifting of the ban . After a series of negotiations , Seoul and Washington came up with a revised agreement on June 21 -- one that limits imports to cattle younger than 30 months old . Animals older than 30 months old are considered at a greater risk for mad cow disease , which can be transmitted to humans . The revised agreement also excludes the import of certain parts believed more susceptible to mad cow disease . The initial deal would have allowed the import of all U.S. beef imports . Scientists believe mad cow disease spreads when farmers feed cattle recycled meat and bones from infected animals . The U.S. banned recycled feeds in 1997 . Eating meat products contaminated with the illness has been linked to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , a rare and fatal malady in humans . Until the 2003 ban , South Korea was the third-largest market for U.S. beef exporters . South Korea 's new pro-U.S. president agreed to lift the import ban in April before a summit with U.S. President George W. Bush . But the move provoked a backlash over health concerns spurred in part by false media reports about risks , along with a sense that South Korea had backed down too easily to American pressure . The government has vowed to get tough with the rallies . In Washington , the White House announced that Bush would visit South Korea on August 5-6 before heading to the Beijing Olympics . Bush had originally been expected to go to Seoul next week when he visits Japan for the G-8 summit , but the trip did not materialize amid the protests . CNN 's Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report .	Tens of thousands of South Koreans protest imports of U.S. beef Beef imports largely banned since 2003 when mad cow disease found in U.S. Protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak
Washington  CNN  -- Time to brush off the veto stamp . For someone who 's only used it twice , President Obama may need some reacquainting with the last remaining weapon in Democrats ' arsenal . He last rejected a bill from Congress in 2010 . But he 's had blocking from a Democratic Senate majority until now . They 've stood in the way of bills most Democrats would oppose . Things are likely to change in January , when Republicans take charge of the Senate . If Senate Republicans follow the path of their House counterparts , he could be faced with proposals to repeal Obamacare and budgets that cut entitlement programs - the type of bills that will meet a quick end at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue . Obama to voters : "  I hear you " "  Congress will pass some bills I can not sign . I 'm pretty sure I 'll take some actions that some in Congress will not like . That 's natural . That 's how our democracy works , " Obama said at a news conference Wednesday . So what 's left for either side to achieve ? Here are four things that Obama can -- and ca n't -- do with the new Congress : Immigration - He can sign an executive order Republicans and Democrats both want to reform the nation 's immigration system . But that 's about as far as the White House and the House GOP have gotten in hammering out an agreement that would increase border security and ease deportations . Related : 2016 starts now The White House says the House had its chance on immigration reform when it balked on taking up a measure that passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis . Instead , Obama plans to announce an executive order that most speculate will drastically reduce the number of yearly deportations . Initially meant for the end of the summer , the announcement was pushed until after the midterms -- much to the chagrin of immigration reform supporters . Now the White House says it 'll happen before the end of the year . But while the action may enrage Republicans , it ca n't go nearly as far as legislation would . When the next Congress begins , the Senate bill praised by the White House becomes null -- any potential new law would have to pass the Senate again . Related : Obama delays action on immigration executive action Obama 's executive order would likely forestall any hope of getting Republicans on board , though Obama reiterated Wednesday his order would be nullified if Congress takes action . "  You send me a bill that I can sign , and those executive actions go away , " was his message to GOP leaders . Based on public statements from Senate Republicans , however , the chances of a bill after Obama 's executive action are small , meaning any legislative fix to immigration would come in the next Congress -- after Obama leaves office . Climate change - He can add to limits on carbon emissions If Obama was n't getting anywhere with the last Congress on stemming carbon emissions -- and he was n't -- he certainly wo n't gain any traction with the new one led by Sen. Mitch McConnell , who defeated his opponent partly by framing her as an ally in Obama 's "  war on coal . " The president has already put forth executive actions curbing emissions from coal plants and putting new limits on emissions , which angered Republicans who claimed it amounted to executive overreach . The White House says more unilateral moves to combat climate change are on the docket ahead of an international climate change conference in Paris next year . Related : Obama says climate change deniers are "  serious threat " But like immigration , any major new laws designed to curb emissions would meet a quick end in the Republican controlled Senate . And with Republicans -- some of whom deny that man-made climate change even exists -- chairing key committees with oversight over Obama 's Environmental Protection Agency , the prospects for lasting change appear to have dimmed . Closing Gitmo - His options are more limited The chances of shuttering the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba through legislative action have n't changed -- they were slim before Tuesday and they 're slim now . Republicans and Democrats alike on Capitol Hill are wary of signing off on a law that would permit Obama to transfer detainees from the facility to the United States . While other countries have agreed to accept certain prisoners , others are deemed too dangerous to release . The administration wants to find places in the U.S. to house them so the reviled Guantanamo Bay prison can be closed . Without Congress ' approval , Obama would have to use his own executive authority to push through a change , a move that would undoubtedly prompt cries of overreach by lawmakers . But it would fulfill a promise that extends back to his first campaign for president . Economy - He needs help from Congress It 's two areas of economic policy -- trade and tax reform -- the White House believes could present the most potential for cooperation with a Republican Senate . But even there chances of new deals appear slim . Two major trade deals , with Europe and about a dozen Asian countries , have been stalled while Senate Democrats refuse to offer so-called "  fast track " authority to Obama to get the pacts hammered out . They 're worried the trade measures could ship jobs overseas . Republicans , however , have been more amenable to the plans as potentially a boon to U.S. business . Whether they and Obama can agree on the final plans depends largely on the two sides ' willingness to work together . Likewise , tax reform is an issue both sides at least agree needs to be addressed . Obama and Republicans want to lower corporate rates and simplify the code . At one point , the White House and House Republicans were casting the issue as the key area of agreement should Congress fall into Republican hands . But some key players are no longer around : Rep. Dave Camp , the Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee and someone who was open to a tax deal with Obama , is retiring at the end of this Congress . That leaves open whether or not there 's still an opening to find a deal . If there is , it would form a major part of Obama 's legacy . On Wednesday , Obama insisted the agenda he 's set for himself was still operative . "  The one thing that I 'm confident about is that I 'm going to be pretty busy over the next few years , " he said .	Republicans will take over control of the Senate in January President Obama will lose the Democratic majority that has spared him the need to veto
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- After intense diplomacy , the government of Mali and the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  have agreed that troops from the West African regional block can be based in the capital of Bamako , as a step toward ending conflict in the northern part of the country . According to the agreement between the Malian government and ECOWAS , authorities have given the green light for a logistics base on the outskirts of the city . "  There will be no foreign troops fighting in the capital . In return , ECOWAS requires operational headquarters and a base in Bamako together with a police force , " said Nouhou Togo , communications Officer at Mali 's Ministry of Defence . United Nations backing for the force will be sought this week by the Malian government and ECOWAS , and is likely to be followed by further negotiations . "  A crisis like this is not solved over night . It takes time and preparation . Though , when that day comes , the Malian army is ready to go in the north , " said Togo . Following a military coup in the capital in March , Islamists seized control of two-thirds of the Texas-sized nation . Mali -- seen as a stable democracy and an example for other less stable countries in the region -- was thrown into chaos . Islamist groups -- some of them with links to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , or AQIM -- swiftly seized key towns in the vast and scarcely populated north . Soon after taking the towns of Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu , they implemented a hardline form of sharia law including capital and corporal punishments for relatively minor offenses . Thieves had their hands and feet amputated while a couple accused of adultery were stoned to death . Plans for a large presence of ECOWAS troops has been fueling political tensions in Bamako for weeks . Over the last month , the West African regional block has had 3,300 regional troops on standby waiting for a go-ahead from Bamako . Meanwhile Interim President Dioncounda Traore has opposed a regional force based in Bamako . Capt. Amadou Haya Sanogo , who led a military junta that toppled the government in March , has made it clear that he does not want ECOWAS troops in the south of the country , which he argues is already secured by the Malian military . Resistance to an actual force in the Malian capital has also come from several groups , outspoken politicians and the Malian people worried about foreign troops flooding into the capital . The request for 3,000 troops to help defeat the Islamists and regain control of the north will be considered during a meeting chaired by U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday . Before the deployment can go ahead , it will need a mandate from the Security Council , which earlier rejected an intervention plan because of a lack of detail . Following the agreement announced Sunday regarding ECOWAS troops , there are still uncertainties about the details of troop deployment . "  The question is if the Malian military is ready to go fight in the north . So far I have not seen any proof of this , " says Gilles Yabi , a researcher with the International Crisis Group , a Brussel-based nongovernment organiztion seeking to end conflicts . "  The government is still very disorganized and has not been able to agree with the Malian military regarding troops deployment , " said Yabi , from Dakar in neighboring Senegal . Given that most of the Islamist northern strongholds are in urbanized areas , a military intervention risks harming civilians and even more displacement . According to U.N. figures , over 450,000 Malians have already been displaced from their homes -- an ECOWAS intervention could well raise that number . "  In any scenario a military intervention will have serious humanitarian implications . To date , there has been very little fighting since government forces fled the north -- for the most part armed groups simply carved up the territory . But once the government in Bamako begins to act , conflict in the north will escalate , " said Bertrand Soret at the European Union liazon office in Bamako . At some point , argues Yabi , the use of force will probably be necessary to neutralize transnational armed groups that indulge in terrorism , jihadism and drug and arms trafficking , and to restore Mali 's territorial integrity . "  To stabilize Mali , the government will have to agree with the Algerian politicians to tackle the influx of arms and combatants between a Libya still struggling after the fall of  Moammar  Gaddafi and northern Mali through southern Algeria , " said Yabi . "  Minimal and sustainable security in northern Mali can not be re-established without the clear involvement of the Algerian political and military authorities . This is not something the Malian army and ECOWAS forces will be able to tackle themselves . "	After a military coup in March , Islamists seized two-thirds of Mali The West African regional block has had 3,300 regional troops on standby Mali and the West African group have reached an agreement Troops can be based in the capital of Bamako , as a step toward ending conflict
CNN  -- On a visit to Japan on Tuesday , Vice President Joe Biden assured his hosts that the United States will express concerns to China over Beijing 's recent claim of a large swath of airspace in the region . The Chinese declaration less than two weeks ago has prompted a war of words between governments and flights through the contested air zone by military planes from the United States , China , Japan and South Korea . "  We , the United States , are deeply concerned by the attempt to unilaterally change the status quo in the East China Sea , " Biden said at a news conference alongside Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Asia trip gives Biden chance to show off diplomatic cred "  I will be raising these concerns with great specificity directly when I meet with the Chinese leadership " on a later leg of his trip , Biden said . The uneasy situation in the sky over the East China Sea has raised fears that a midair incident could cause circumstances to spiral out of control . It has also fueled concern about how far China is willing to go to pursue its interests in the Asia-Pacific region and push back against U.S. influence . "  The United States has an interest in the lowering of tensions in this vital region , as I believe all the countries in northeast Asia share that same interest with us , " Biden said . China is asking aircraft entering its air defense zone to identify themselves and submit flight plans . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki reiterated Monday that Washington recognizes neither the air defense zone nor China 's demand to be notified of plans by jets from other nations to fly into the area . Japan has told its airlines not to comply with the new Chinese demands , but the U.S. government has urged American carriers to follow Beijing 's instructions . The Chinese action , Biden said , raises the possibility of "  accidents and miscalculation . " Biden promises to press China on airspace dispute He praised the alliance between the United States and Japan , sayings the U.S. commitment to Japan is critical . He called Japan the cornerstone of stability in the region . Tokyo and Beijing 's bitter dispute over a set of small , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea has already led to frequent tense encounters between the two sides ' ships and planes over the past year . Now , China 's new air defense zone overlaps significantly with that of Japan and encompasses the disputed islands and the natural resources around them . "  We meet in a moment , Prime Minister , when a new Asia Pacific is emerging , with limitless potential , but also new dynamics , rising tensions and the risk of miscalculation , " Biden said . Geng Yansheng , spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of National Defense , defended China 's actions in a written statement . China 's airspace claim , he said , "  is a zone of safety , not risks , a zone of cooperation , not competition . " China 's air defense zone : What you need to know China 's actions are justified by what it sees as aggressive moves by the Japanese to lay claim to the disputed territory . "  Japan 's actions have seriously harmed China 's legitimate rights and security interests , and undermined the peace and stability in East Asia , " Geng said . Without naming the United States , Geng warned third countries about becoming involved in the dispute . "  Other parties concerned should also mind their words and actions , and should not do things to undermine regional stability and bilateral relations , " he said . "  Other parties should not be incited , or send wrong signals to make a very few countries go further on the wrong track , which will follow the same old disastrous road and undermine regional and world peace . " In addition to the China airspace claim , Biden and Abe discussed ways to fortify U.S.-Japan relations economically and militarily .	Vice President Joe Biden , visiting Japan , meets with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Central to their talks was an ongoing air zone dispute with China Biden : "  The United States has an interest in the lowering of tensions in this vital region "
CNN  -- China warned the United States Thursday that a multi-billion dollar arms sales to Taiwan will create "  severe obstacles " between Beijing and Washington , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . "  The wrongdoing by the U.S. side will inevitably undermine bilateral relations as well as exchanges and cooperation in military and security areas , " Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun said , according to Xinhua . Zhang summoned U.S. Ambassador Gary Locke to lodge a protest . The $ 5.3 billion arms package includes upgrades to Taiwan 's F-16 fighter fleet , a five year extension of F-16 pilot training at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona and spare parts for the upkeep of three different planes currently in use by the Taiwanese , according to State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . The deal is part of the U.S. Foreign Military Sales program . "  We firmly believe that our arms sales to Taiwan contribute to the maintenance of peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait , " she said . Chinese officials asked the U.S. to end military relations with Taiwan and work with the Chinese to safeguard Sino-U.S. relations , Xinhua reported . China regards Taiwan as a renegade province . Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China , until a communist uprising proved victorious in 1949 . The Taiwan Strait separates the mainland from the island . "  China strongly urges the United States to be fully aware of the high sensitivity and serious harm of the issue , seriously treat the solemn stance of China , honor its commitment and immediately cancel the wrong decision , " Zhang said . In 1979 , the United States carried out its "  one China " policy by switching diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing . But the Taiwan Relations Act obligates the United States to help defend the island if needed . The United States also is Taiwan 's main arms supplier . Beijing broke off military contacts with Washington last year to protest another arms sale to Taiwan . The sale included more than $ 6 billion in Patriot missiles , Black Hawk helicopters and communications equipment , which Taiwan said it needed for self defense .	The United States is selling $ 5.3 billion worth of arms to Taiwan China says the deal will undermine bilateral relations China regards Taiwan as a renegade province The United States made a $ 6 billion arms sale to Taiwan in 2010
CNN  It 's been a busy few weeks for multiples . The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8 , and the parents are blogging about their unique experience . Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman 's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days , according to CNN affiliate KPRC . Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight . The babies are named Ava Lane , Hazel Grace , Olivia Marie , Parker Kate and Riley Paige . "  We are so thankful and blessed , " said Danielle Busby , who had intrauterine insemination to get pregnant . "  I honestly give all the credit to my God . I am so thankful for this wonderful hospital and team of people here . They truly all are amazing . " You can learn all about their journey at their blog , "  It 's a Buzz World . " Early news reports said the Busby girls were the first all-female quintuplets born in the U.S. . But a user alerted CNN to news clippings that show quintuplet girls were born in 1959 to Charles and Cecilia Hannan in San Antonio . All of the girls died within 24 hours . Like the Busby family , Sharon and Korey Rademacher were hoping for a second child . When they found out what they were having , they decided to keep it a secret from family and friends . That 's why they did n't tell their family the gender of baby No. 2 -- or that Sharon was actually expecting not one but two girls , according to CNN affiliate WEAR . And when everyone arrived at West Florida Hospital in Pensacola , Florida , after Sharon gave birth March 11 , they recorded everyone 's reactions to meeting twins Mary Ann Grace and Brianna Faith . The video was uploaded to YouTube on Saturday and has been viewed more than 700,000 times . Could you keep it a secret ?	Rare set of female quintuplets was born this month in Houston , Texas The girls were born via C-section at 28 weeks and two days Another family kept the news of twins secret until birth
CNN  -- Watching Peter Dearman at work amid the clutter in his garage cum workshop , it 's easy to see why one of his sons refers to him as a sort of "  nutty professor . " The British inventor has been tinkering with "  liquid air " engines at his home in Bishop 's Stortford , Hertfordshire for more than three decades . "  I do n't think it 's any good having ideas and not being able to make them . It 's very difficult if you just go to people with ideas -- you ca n't actually show them it working , " Dearman says . All that hard work is starting to pay off , as interest in the 61-year-old 's invention -- which has applications for both motoring and renewable energy storage -- gathers pace . Liquid air is essentially air which has been cooled to very low , or cryogenic , temperatures  around -190 degrees Celsius or -310 degrees Fahrenheit  and can be stored in insulted containers . Read : Mine Kafon : The low-tech tumbleweed minesweeper When exposed to heat , the liquid starts to expand as it turns back into a gas . If this process of reheating is conducted in a confined space , say , an engine cylinder , it creates high pressure air which can drive a piston . Whilst building a car powered by liquid air is nothing new -- a model was demonstrated as early as 1903 -- Dearman 's adaptation is . "  The unique thing about this engine is that it uses a heat exchange fluid  in this case , anti-freeze  which is placed on top of the piston in the cylinder , " Dearman explains . "  Into that we introduce liquid nitrogen which is atomized and gives us good heat contact . The heat exchange fluid keeps the gas warm  as the piston moves up and down  and increases the efficiency . " Dearman has come a long way since he developed his first working prototype using a modified a lawn mower engine . Today , he demonstrates a custom-built car which runs smoothly around a farmyard near his home . Read : Shutter shades creates new fashion code The technology has caught the eye of British engineering company Ricardo who are currently building an engine based on Dearman 's design for use in agricultural vehicles and mining equipment . The company say the engine has "  numerous practical applications in the future market place ... and is likely to compete with hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric systems . " Liquid air could also help store surplus energy generated by wind and solar . " -LSB- Energy storage -RSB- is essential because , with any renewable energy source , it 's variable . So you have to be able to store a certain amount of it to cope with peak demand , " Dearman said . A pilot power plant in Slough , Berkshire -- the first of its kind in the world -- is currently trialing the technology . Read : Toy chopper takes mental concentration to new heights A huge vacuum flask at the facitlity holds 60 tons of liquid air , but instead of anti-freeze , they mix it with waste heat coming from the neighboring power station . But the principles are exactly the same , Dearman says . "  We take a large tank , heat it with waste heat and that creates the pressure that runs the turbine which creates electricity ... simple , " he says . The plant run by Highview Power Storage -- a company co-founded by Dearman and jointly funded by the UK government -- can generate 500 kilowatts of power , he says , but there is nothing to stop them being made on a much larger scale . Using waste heat also raises efficiency levels up to 70 % -- not as high as the 80 % battery storage can achieve , but competitive . It also has one crucial advantage , Dearman says . "  Batteries are n't really scalable , you ca n't use them worldwide because there 's not enough materials to make batteries from . So you need a system that does n't use scarce resources , " he said . The UK 's Institution of Mechanical Engineers  IMechE  recently launched a working group investigating the potential of liquid air storage . Speaking in October , IMechE 's Head of Energy and Environment , Tim Fox said : "  Liquid air and liquid nitrogen are an exciting alternative we should explore to store energy . It seems to address many of the challenges we face and is affordable , uses mature components and is highly scalable . " All this is rich encouragement for Dearman , who is n't driven by money , but by a lifelong fascination with energy and a desire to help make the world a more efficient place . "  It 's not right that one generation should use up most of the world 's resources during their lifetime . So , the more we can do to alleviate that the better , I think . "	British inventor Peter Dearman develops novel engine powered by "  liquid air " The 61-year-old says his technology can be used to power cars and store energy British engineering company , Ricardo building an engine based on Dearman 's design UK pilot power plant demonstrating how liquid air can be used to store intermittent renewable energy
Washington  CNN  -- A divided Supreme Court gave a big victory Wednesday to business interests , ruling that a cell phone carrier 's arbitration clause in contracts that ban larger class-action lawsuits is permissible . The 5-4 ruling along ideological lines stopped a claim over whether an AT&T cell phone was falsely advertised as "  free . " The plaintiffs wanted to bring others into a larger putative class action . At issue was whether federal law has sway over -- or "  pre-empts " -- state contract laws . Several states have tossed out many class-action barriers by businesses as "  unconscionable " and therefore unenforceable . Writing for the majority , Justice Antonin Scalia said class arbitration can not be forced on parties when their contract explicitly prohibits it . "  The California law in question stands as an obstacle to the accomplishment of the purposes and objectives " of federal arbitration standards , he said . The financial stakes are huge and both sides of the case had lined up an impressive list of allies . Competing arguments were made about whether the high court ruling would end either arbitration or class action , as both currently exist . Consumer protection groups say this ruling against them will make it easier for companies to use the fine print in business and employment contracts to get away with widespread fraud to consumers and discrimination of its own workers . But business groups worry a flood of frivolous lawsuits would ensue if consumers can file large class-action lawsuits -- involving perhaps thousands of plaintiffs -- that industries say would be costly to the economy and to competition . The justices are currently deciding a separate case involving what would become the largest class-action in U.S. history , a workplace discrimination claim by female employees of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the world 's biggest retailer . A ruling in that case is expected within two months . The case announced Wednesday involves Vincent and Liza Concepcion , who signed a purchase agreement eight years ago for cellular phone service in California . AT&T Mobility advertised a "  free " Nokia phone with the purchase of a $ 150 Motorola phone . The company then charged sales tax on both devices , totaling about $ 30 . The Concepcions objected , but because of the small amount at stake , they did not want to sue by themselves . They decided to press the claim on behalf of other phone purchasers as well . The service agreement the couple signed included the phrase , in capital letters : "  You and AT&T agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity , and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding . " After the lawsuit was filed , AT&T revised its arbitration provisions in a way that a federal court concluded greatly benefited the consumer . But federal courts also agreed the Concepcion class-action lawsuit could proceed , citing California law that said some contracts can be considered unenforceable if they are built on deception , are too one-sided , or violate broader public policy . The company then appealed , citing the Federal Arbitration Act , an 85-year-old congressional law permitting class-action exemptions to stand when combined with arbitration . Wednesday 's high court ruling now gives AT&T the power now to have the phone dispute handled by a private arbiter , who would only weigh the specific competing claims and render a binding ruling . Scalia noted that arbitration is a generally faster and cheaper alternative to a civil trial that could drag on for years , including appeals . Adding class-action status often only adds to the time and money expended . Jury verdicts can also in some cases lead to massive judgments against firms convicted of corporate wrongdoing . "  The aggregation of claims in class arbitration greatly increases the stakes for the defendant , " said Scalia . "  And when stakes are very high , the informality of arbitration becomes much less appealing , because there is little opportunity for judicial review to correct the mistakes that informality produces . " He was supported by Chief Justice John Roberts , and Justices Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , and Samuel Alito . In dissent , Stephen Breyer warned requiring consumers to arbitrate disputes on an individual basis could lead them to walk away rather than litigate , if the typical monetary stakes are relatively small . "  What rational lawyer would have signed on to represent the Concepcions in litigation for the possibility of fees stemming from a $ 30.22 claim ? " said Breyer . "  Why is this kind of decision -- weighing the pros and cons of all class proceedings alike -- not California 's to make ? " Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan joined Breyer . The Concepcions were supported by two dozen consumer , civil rights , and worker rights groups , many of whom expressed initial disappointment to the ruling . "  Today 's majority opinion is judicial policy-making in its most naked form , " said Doug Kendall of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center , which filed a legal brief supporting the plaintiffs . "  The Federal Arbitration Act is in no way hostile to class actions , and it specifically preserves a critical role for state law . " But a variety of business interests urged the high court to uphold its precedent in related cases . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's litigation arm had filed an amicus brief that said "  class arbitration does not deter misconduct , but rather forces parties into costly litigation . " The high court in two separate appeals last spring gave victories to big business over enforceability of arbitration requirements in contracts . The current case is AT&T Mobility LLC v. Concepcion  09-893  .	A California couple wanted to contest AT&T 's $ 30 sales tax charge on a "  free " phone Because the amount was small , they wanted to press the claim with other phone purchasers The cour ruled that the carrier 's clause against larger class-action lawsuits is permissible
CNN  -- A North Carolina woman is alleging that "  American Idol " winner Fantasia Barrino engaged in an affair with her husband , and says in court documents that the pair "  recorded " their sexual encounters . Paula Cook , who separated from her husband , Antwaun Cook , in June , filed the documents -- seeking child custody , alimony and other monetary support -- Wednesday in Mecklenburg County District Court . The documents allege Antwaun Cook began the affair with Barrino , 26 , in August 2009 after the pair met at a Charlotte-area T-Mobile store where Cook is employed . Barrino -- the 2004 winner of the popular Fox show and an eight-time Grammy nominee -- treated Cook to a lavish lifestyle over the course of their affair , flying him to Atlanta , Georgia ; Miami , Florida ; New York ; Los Angeles , California ; and Barbados , the documents allege . The pair "  have at times recorded their illicit sexual activity , " according to the documents . A month after Paula Cook separated from her husband , Barrino is alleged to have interrupted a phone conversation between the estranged couple , telling Cook , "  He do n't want you . Maybe the next time you get a husband you 'll know how to keep him . That 's why he is here with me , " according to the documents . Barrino has appeared publicly with a tattoo on her left shoulder reading "  Cook , " an apparent tribute to Antwaun Cook , who is said to have a similar tattoo in the same place on his shoulder , according to the documents . The alleged affair was first reported in November by gossip magazines and websites . Barrino and her record label Sony Music declined to comment on the documents Sunday . Paula Cook says that as a result of the affair , her husband became more and more withdrawn from their marriage , attributing late nights and other absences to work , the documents say . "  As -LSB- Paula Cook -RSB- contemplated ways to save her marriage and family , -LSB- Antwaun Cook -RSB- and Ms. Barrino continued to enjoy their open and notorious relationship without her knowledge and/or consent , " the documents say . Paula Cook is seeking custody of her two children , ages 6 and 2 , with Antwaun Cook , as well as child support , alimony , attorney 's fees and ownership of the couple 's former marital home . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	A North Carolina woman says Fantasia Barrino has had a relationship with her husband The couple are accused of recording sexual encounters , court documents say Barrino , 26 , was named "  American Idol " in 2004 She declined to comment on the allegations
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- As the prosecutor in Florida sought to sort out the facts in the killing of Trayvon Martin , attention shifted Tuesday to Washington , where Martin 's parents and family attorney attended a forum on racial profiling , hate crimes and "  stand your ground " deadly force laws . "  My heart is broke , " his mother , Sybrina Fulton , told reporters after the meeting , which was sponsored by Democratic members of the House Judiciary Committee . "  But it breaks even more to know that we have not gotten justice yet . " "  He 's sadly missed , " his father , Tracy Martin , told the forum , which was packed to capacity . "  And I 'll continue to fight for justice for him . " Martin , who was African-American , died February 26 when neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , shot him after calling police to report him as a suspicious person . Zimmerman has not been arrested . "  We honestly believe that Trayvon Martin is dead today because he was racially profiled , and because of that , it escalated , and it led to the fatal altercation with George Zimmerman , " said Benjamin Crump , a lawyer for the family . Zimmerman 's family has said he has been wrongly portrayed as a racist . Rep. Frederica Wilson , D-Florida , called Trayvon Martin a "  victim of a botched police investigation full of incompetence or intelligent mismanagement . " She added , "  Trayvon was hunted , chased , tackled and shot . Ill-conceived laws and lax gun laws all contribute to this tragedy . Mr. Zimmerman should be arrested immediately for his own safety . " Photos : iReporters share self-portraits in hoodies The shooting and the lack of an arrest have generated outrage . On Tuesday , some members of Congress took to the House floor to speak about the case ahead of the afternoon forum . "  Trayvon Martin is one of the two people who at least deserve a fair trial , " said Rep. Al Green , D-Texas . "  He deserves a fair hearing on what happened that day . He can not speak for himself , but there is evidence that speaks volumes about what happened on this occasion . " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , called the case tragic but declined to elaborate . "  It 's being investigated by state and federal officials , which I think is appropriate , and I think I 'll leave it at that , " he said . Opinion : Justice , not revenge Investigators look for ` ear-witnesses ' Meanwhile , the special prosecutor in the case continued to try to determine what happened . "  We believe there may have been one person who saw something , " Angela Corey said . "  We believe there are a lot of what we call ear-witnesses . My lawyers are trying to track those people down . " She said the "  political outcry " about the case makes her job harder . "  Any time there is a misunderstanding of the process , based on what we are required to do under Florida law , it does make our job more difficult , " she said . Zimmerman has said he killed Martin in self-defense after the unarmed teen attacked him in the gated community . Martin was returning to his father 's fiancee 's house after buying Skittles candy and a can of iced tea from a nearby convenience store . Zimmerman was questioned in the shooting but has not been charged because , police said , they did not have evidence to contradict his account . Corey said investigators would look into the allegations that Zimmerman uttered a racial slur on the phone with police just before the shooting . CNN enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . Report : Zimmerman told police teen punched him before shooting Zimmerman said Martin punched him On Monday , Sanford police confirmed an Orlando Sentinel report that cited unidentified authorities saying Zimmerman told them Martin punched him in the nose after the two exchanged words . Police said Monday that the Sentinel account is "  consistent with the information provided to the State Attorney 's office by the police department . " The newspaper reported that Zimmerman said Martin then repeatedly punched him and slammed his head onto the sidewalk . Tapes of 911 calls include neighbors saying they heard screams , though it was n't clear whether they came from Zimmerman or Martin . Two women who live nearby have said they heard someone in distress , and then a gunshot . Mary Cutcher and her roommate , Selma Mora Lamilla , said Monday they ran to about 10 feet from where Martin 's body lay . "  Zimmerman  was standing over the body , basically straddling the body with his hand on Trayvon 's back , " Cutcher said , adding that they called three times to him before he finally asked them to call police . "  It did n't seem to me that he was trying to help him in any way . " When police arrived , Zimmerman 's "  back appeared to be wet and was covered in grass  and he  was also bleeding , from the nose and back of his head , " a police report says . Police have not released Cutcher 's official police statement but have said her statements were consistent with Zimmerman 's account . Neighbors describe watch leader Police have said they did not charge Zimmerman because they did not have evidence that differed from his version of the events . Florida 's "  stand your ground " deadly force law prohibited them from making an arrest , police said . Shooting renews debate over ` stand your ground ' laws The law allows the use of deadly force anywhere a person feels a reasonable fear of death or serious injury and has been cited in a number of justifiable homicide cases in Florida . Zimmerman 's legal adviser has said he believes the law applies to the case . Friend : Martin , Zimmerman came face to face On Tuesday , a friend of Zimmerman 's , former CNN anchor Joe Oliver , said Zimmerman had given him the same account as the one that appeared in the Sentinel , as well as additional details about what happened between the time the two came face to face and the time the gun went off . Oliver , who now works at WESH-TV in Orlando , said he could not discuss the details Tuesday but said Zimmerman was sorry for what had happened . "  The George Zimmerman I know is not here anymore , because he knows that he took someone else 's life , and he 's extremely remorseful , " Oliver said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " Oliver said race played no role in the incident . "  I understand completely the fear and anger that 's out there over this case . If I did n't know George Zimmerman , I 'd be right out there , too , " said Oliver , who is African-American . "  But I do know George , and I do know that portrayal that young black men have had . I 've experienced that growing up . I get that , " Oliver said . "  I understand that , but in this one spark incident , that was n't the case . Race had nothing to do with it . " The Martin family and their supporters , however , have blamed Zimmerman , saying he racially profiled and shot the teen , who was wearing a hoodie . They have called for changes in what gun-control advocates sometimes refer to as "  shoot-first " laws . Crump , the Martin family attorney , said 911 tapes , phone records and testimony from the teen 's girlfriend -- who was on the phone with him just before the shooting -- show Zimmerman is at fault . "  Those facts are uncontroverted , " Crump said . Crump also said authorities were trying to "  demonize " Martin with accounts that surfaced Monday saying Martin had been suspended from school in Miami for 10 days after a search of his book bag turned up an empty plastic bag containing marijuana residue . "  Whatever Trayvon Martin was suspended for had absolutely no bearing on what happened on the night of February 26 , " he said . Sybrina Fulton said , "  The only comment that I have right now is that they 've killed my son and now they 're trying to kill his reputation . " Martin 's family and their attorneys have also questioned the handling of the police investigation . City Administrator Norton Bonaparte said Tuesday he is in talks with the Department of Justice to establish a procedure for Sanford residents to have complaints investigated by an independent agency . Zimmerman has not spoken publicly about the case . "  He has n't been back to his apartment , which is in that complex , ever since that happened , and he 's being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder , for depression , for insomnia , " Oliver said . "  He cried for days after this happened . " CNN 's Eric Marrapodi , Ed Payne , Kim Segal , Greg Morrison , John Couwels and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	"  We believe there may have been one person who saw something , " prosecutor says Some members of Congress discuss the case ahead of a forum on race and gun laws A friend of Zimmerman 's says he 's in hiding , being treated for depression
CNN  -- Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team next season after the German car manufacturer confirmed they have taken a 75.1 percent share in Brawn GP -- with Ross Brawn remaining as team principal . Mercedes engines powered Brawn 's Jenson Button to the world championship this season -- while the team also claimed the constructors ' championship . Meanwhile , Lewis Hamilton , Button 's predecessor as world champion , was also sitting behind a Mercedes engine in his McLaren . The partnership between McLaren and Mercedes has been in place since 1995 and ended its 15th season together in 2009 . The new team will become known as Mercedes Grand Prix , with Brawn in control , while Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Norbert Haug will work with the F1 team and the engine team of Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines . As part of the deal , Mercedes ' parent company Daimler AG relinquished their 40 per cent stake in McLaren , but will remain their engine suppliers for the next six seasons . Daimler AG chief executive Dr. Dieter Zetsche explained in a press release : "  Mercedes-Benz is the most valued and best-known premium automotive brand in the world . "  This brand looks for competition of the utmost quality in all relevant fields in order to continually improve its performance in the face of such new challenges . "  Due to the new Formula One environment , we will face the competition in future on the most important motor sports stage with our own Silver Arrow works team . "  Our new Silver Arrow Formula One team is a great sporting and technical chal-lenge and we will tackle this with sporting spirit and full of enthusiasm . " The move could have ramifications for the out-of-contract Button , with Mercedes believed to favor an all-German partnership of Nico Rosberg and Nick Hiedfeld . Such a move could see Button link up with Hamilton at McLaren and the 29-year-old was believed to have toured McLaren 's Woking factory last week . Brawn , who has previously baulked at meeting Button 's wage demands , was thrilled with the deal after forming Brawn GP following the withdrawal of Honda from the sport . "  We are honored to be representing such a prestigious brand as Mercedes-Benz in Formula One next year and will be working together to do our best to reward their faith in our team , " said Brawn on the team 's official Web site . "  Brawn GP has been through an incredible journey over the last 12 months . From fighting for our survival to forging a strong relationship with Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines , winning both the constructors and drivers world championships , and now accepting Daimler 's offer to buy our team , which will secure its future , " he added .	Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team from next season The German car manufacturer take a 75.1 percent share in the Brawn GP team As part of the deal , Mercedes relinquish their 40 per cent stake in the McLaren team
CNN  -- An American human rights group documenting widespread sexual violence against Darfuri women in Sudan and Chad has called for "  vigorous prosecution of rape as a war crime . " Sudanese women in a refugee camp in southern Chad in March . Physicians for Human Rights , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , issued a report Sunday "  documenting the scope and long-term impact of rape and other sexual violence " experienced by women who fled the war-torn Sudanese region of Darfur and now live as refugees in neighboring Chad . The report -- titled "  Nowhere To Turn : Failure To Protect , Support and Assure Justice for Darfuri Women " -- is based on interviews with 88 female refugees living in Chad 's Farchana refugee camp . The study was done with the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative . "  Many Darfuri women refugees live in a nightmare of memories of past trauma compounded by the constant threat of sexual violence around the camps now , " said Susannah Sirkin , the physician group 's deputy director . "  Women who report being raped are stigmatized , and remain trapped in places of perpetual insecurity . There 's no one to stop the rapes , no one to turn to for justice for past or ongoing crimes , and little psycho-social support to address their prolonged and unimaginable traumas . " Dr. Sondra Crosby , a Physicians for Human Rights consultant and expert in refugee trauma , said "  the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable as we listened to women describing their profound suffering and fear , and their yearning to return safely and with dignity to their former lives . " Of those refugees interviewed , "  32 reported instances of confirmed or highly probable rape " -- 17 in Darfur and 15 in Chad , the group said . "  Among the instances of rape reported in Chad , the vast majority  10 of 11 confirmed reports  occurred when women left the camps to gather firewood . " And just over half of the 88 women interviewed -- 46 of them -- live in fear of sexual assaults around the refugee camp . The group supports the issuing of International Criminal Court warrants against the Sudanese perpetrators . The group also called for "  legal reforms in Chad to end impunity for sexual violence , " and for "  effective psychosocial support to survivors . " And it said increased protections are needed by police and peacekeepers , including "  effective firewood patrols . " The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions . Sudan 's government responded with a fierce military campaign that has led to some 200,000 deaths and forced 2 million people to flee their homes , according to the United Nations .	88 Darfuri women interviewed in Chad described "  profound " suffering and fear Expert in refugee trauma says "  the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable " 200,000 people have died , 2 million have fled the region since fighting began in 2003
CNN  -- Memories , tributes and , of course , trending topics continue to flood the Twittersphere as Michael Jackson is remembered on the third anniversary of his death . Jackson 's 14-year-old daughter , Paris , is among the many people who tweeted their respects on Monday . "  RIP Michael Jackson ... Dad you will forever be in my heart < 3 i love you , " she wrote . On Wednesday , Paris posted a picture of MJ kissing ex-wife Debbie Rowe on the cheek , along with the caption , "  mommy and daddy ! < 3 " Randy , the youngest of Jackson 's siblings , wrote : "  3 years ago on this June 25th , my brother passed . I will be at FL from 11am-1pm today to visit him . " The King of Pop 's older sister , La Toya , tweeted , "  Sad morning All ... this Day was the day that lead to the demise of my little brother . ` Michael We Love ' May you RIP . Gone FAR To Soon . " Justin Bieber was one of many artists posting about the late entertainer 's legacy . "  RIP to the best that ever did it . RIP to the KING ... RIP Michael Jackson . You will never be forgotten . #INSPIRATION , " Bieber tweeted . While Wiz Khalifa wrote , "  3 years ago today the world lost a legend . RIP Michael Jackson . Your music lives on for you . Thank you for everything ! " Jackson 's death , on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by a combination of the anesthetic propofol and sedatives administered by Dr. Conrad Murray , according to the Los Angeles County coroner . Murray has been in jail since he was sentenced to four years for involuntary manslaughter in November .	"  RIP Michael Jackson ... Dad you will forever be in my heart < 3 i love you , " Paris wrote Justin Bieber tweeted : "  RIP to the best that ever did it . " Michael Jackson died three years ago on June 25 , 2009
CNN  -- CNN has been singled out for criticism for our coverage of events in Tibet through an anti-CNN . com Web site and elsewhere . We have provided comprehensive coverage of all sides of this story , but two specific allegations relate to pro-Tibetan bias . We would like to take this chance to respond to them : Allegation 1 : CNN intentionally cropped an image in order to remove Tibetan protesters throwing stones at Chinese trucks . CNN refutes all allegations by bloggers that it distorts its coverage of the events in Tibet to portray either side in a more favorable light . We have consistently and repeatedly shown all sides of this story . The one image in question was used wholly appropriately in the specific editorial context and there could be no confusion regarding what it was showing , not least because it was captioned : "  Tibetans throw stones at army vehicles on a street in the capital Lhasa . " The picture gallery included in Tibet stories includes the image .  See the gallery We have also published images showing violence by Tibetans against the Chinese . A March 18 story shows Tibetan youths attacking a Chinese man .  Read the story Additionally , we have published video from the Chinese media apparently showing Tibetans attacking Chinese interests in Lhasa .  Watch the video  " Allegation 2 : CNN referred to Tibet as a "  country . " CNN 's policy is to refer to Tibet as "  Tibet Autonomous Region of China . " In our dozens of stories on the topic to date , we are aware of only two instances where it was incorrectly referenced as a country . CNN 's reputation is based on reporting global news accurately and impartially , while our coverage through the use of words , images or video always reflects a wide range of opinions and points of view on every story . E-mail to a friend	CNN issues response to criticism of Tibet coverage Network denies bloggers ' allegations of bias
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Current TV filed a countersuit Friday against its former star employee Keith Olbermann , a day after the television personality filed his suit against the company . Current TV , co-founded by former Vice President Al Gore and businessman Joel Hyatt , ousted Olbermann last week . The company 's 16-page suit , filed in California Superior Court , accuses Olbermann of breach of contract and dismisses as "  fiction " the charges Olbermann leveled against it Thursday . "  In particular , Current seeks a determination that it is no longer obligated to pay a dime to Mr. Olbermann who , having already been paid handsomely for showing up sporadically and utterly failing to keep his end of the bargain , now seeks to be paid tens of millions more for not working at all , " says the cross-complaint , which was signed by Laura W. Brill , a lawyer for Current TV . The cross-complaint says that Olbermann leaked the financial terms of his contract ; refused to help promote the network ; was absent 19 of 41 working days in January and February ; and refused to participate in Current 's caucus and primary election coverage specials , then changed his mind just before the Iowa Caucuses . Current said it has upheld its end of the bargain , and then some , despite criticism from Olbermann , who was its highest-paid employee . "  For example , he arrogantly and falsely calls ` cheap ' the company that has paid him the highest compensation he had ever received in his career , provided him the largest staff of any program he had ever anchored , given him the largest studio and custom-designed set on which he had ever worked , and paid over $ 50,000 in an eight-month period to eight different limousine companies because none of the previous seven were able to meet his Patrician standards for how to drive him around New York City , " the cross-complaint says . It asks for Current TV to be relieved of any continuing obligations to Olbermann , asks for unspecified damages "  to be proved at trial " and seeks reimbursement for legal expenses . A call to Olbermann 's manager was not immediately returned . On Thursday , Olbermann had sued Current TV in the same court , claiming breach of contract , unfair dealing and disparagement . Olbermann says he is owed $ 50 million to $ 70 million in cash and equity compensation , according to the suit , which seeks a jury trial . The lawsuit also seeks a judgment for other unspecified monetary damages , with interest . "  This action is necessary as Current has repeatedly and willfully breached its written agreement with Olbermann , " his lawsuit said , "  often continuing to do so after receiving specific notices to cure such breaches . "  In its most recent breach , Current unilaterally , and without cause , terminated its agreement with Olbermann . Current 's sudden and public termination of Olbermann was the latest in a series of increasingly erratic and unprofessional actions undertaken by Current 's senior management , " the lawsuit said . Olbermann 's suit called Gore , Hyatt and Current management "  no more than dilettantes portraying entertainment industry executives . " In a statement Thursday , Current said it fired Olbermann for "  serial , material breaches of his contract , including the failure to show up at work , sabotaging the network and attacking Current and its executives . " It continued , "  It is well established that over his professional career Mr. Olbermann has specialized in pounding the table . "  However , Mr. Olbermann , by filing his false and malicious lawsuit , has now put this matter into a legal process where there will be an objective review of the facts . "  We hope Mr. Olbermann understands that when it comes to the legal process , he is actually required to show up . " Gore and Hyatt courted Olbermann to leave his previous employer , MSNBC , with promises of "  an unprecedented level of control and resources to build a new progressive network , " Olbermann 's lawsuit said . Olbermann was given "  full editorial control over ` Countdown with Keith Olbermann ' " and the title of chief news officer , the suit said . But the relationship soured shortly after Olbermann joined the network , according to the suit . "  Admitting that he and Gore ` had expertise lacking in order to strategically execute the vision  they had  committed to ' Hyatt created an environment in which major business errors and technical failures became commonplace and acceptable , " the lawsuit alleges . "  Hyatt also attempted to isolate Olbermann from his professional representatives in an awkward attempt to form a close personal friendship with his new star , " the suit says . When Olbermann did n't reciprocate , Hyatt withheld production resources and disparaged Olbermann in the press , the lawsuit says . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report	Current TV accuses Olbermann of breach of contract Company co-founders Al Gore and Joel Hyatt are "  dilettantes , " Olbermann 's suit says Olbermann says he 's owed $ 50 million to $ 70 million in cash and equity compensation Current TV terminated Olbermann last week
CNN  -- An explosion ripped through a ball-bearing factory in southern New Hampshire on Monday , leaving at least 15 people hurt , a hospital spokesman said . Authorities dispatched at least eight ambulances and two medical helicopters to the New Hampshire Ball Bearings plant outside Peterborough after the Monday afternoon blast , Assistant Town Administrator Nicole MacStay said . Monadnock Community Hospital saw 15 patients after the explosion , spokesman Phil McFarland said . Thirteen of those were treated and released , while two were transferred to other hospitals , McFarland said . Company spokeswoman Kathy Gerrity told CNN none of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening "  as far as we know . " About 450 people would have been working at the plant at the time of the 3:30 p.m. explosion , Gerrity said . The factory makes bearing assemblies for aircraft , medical and high-technology industries . New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan said the state has offered to provide "  any assistance needed to local first responders . " "  My thoughts and prayers go out to those injured in today 's explosion , to their families and loved ones , and to the entire Peterborough area where NH Ball Bearings is such an important member of the community , " Hassan said in a written statement .	At least 15 hurt in factory blast , hospital says The explosion happened Monday afternoon at a ball bearing plant in southern New Hampshire None of the injuries appears to be life-threatening , a company spokeswoman says The factory makes bearing assemblies for aircraft , medical equipment and high-tech industries
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Skeletal remains found in a remote area of Malibu Canyon on Monday are those of Mitrice Richardson , a California woman who disappeared last year , Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca said Thursday . Richardson , 24 , was last seen leaving a sheriff 's station in Malibu after being detained by sheriff 's deputies on a citizen 's arrest complaint made by a restaurant manager in September . "  We have no indication of a homicide at this point , " Baca said . "  I do n't believe that the remains are capable of telling us a story . " The remains , which included a human skull , were found Monday by park rangers searching the area for marijuana groves , said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore . "  It 's incredibly treacherous terrain , " Whitmore said of the remote site . "  There is no road , no trail even if you know exactly where you are going . " Whitmore describes the terrain while families wait for word The woman 's father reacted angrily after watching the sheriff 's news conference from the rear of the room . "  Now you guys are going to see the real Michael Richardson come out , " Michael Richardson said . Richardson said he was holding sheriff 's deputies responsible for his daughter 's death , either because of negligence or criminal intent . "  Why ca n't I speculate ? Maybe the sheriff had something to do with it , " Richardson told reporters . Mitrice Richardson was taken to the sheriff 's station after she was unable to pay her $ 89.51 food and drink tab at a Malibu restaurant on the evening of September 16 , 2009 . A restaurant employee told the 911 dispatcher that she was "  sounding crazy . " After deputies determined she had no money to pay , the manager lodged a citizen 's arrest complaint against Richardson . Her car was towed , and she was taken to the sheriff 's station . Richardson was given a court date and released just after midnight , but her car was still impounded with her cell phone inside it , according to an investigation conducted by an independent commission . "  Based on my daughter 's mental condition that night , she was n't able to fend for herself , " Richardson said . "  Mel Gibson gets driven to his car , and Charlie Sheen gets taken to his house . " Her family has said the college honors graduate and former beauty queen suffered from mental health issues . "  The deputies acted properly , but properly does n't necessarily mean that we could n't do something more , " Baca said Thursday . One change may be in how deputies handle citizen 's arrest complaints from businesses , he said . "  Is an $ 89 bill enough to take someone into the jail ? There is more than one way to handle a problem , " Baca said . Her father wants more than a policy review by the county . Richardson called for a state law named after his daughter to prevent it happening again to someone else . "  I guarantee you the Mitrice Richardson law will say no one -- man , woman or child -- will be released in Malibu for some predator that wears a five-star badge to attack or do whatever they want . " he said . Richardson said he was suggesting it might have been the work of "  someone in law enforcement . " "  It 's clearly a set up by someone , " he said . The independent review released Thursday said Richardson 's mother , Latice Sutton , "  was vacillating on whether to let Ms. Richardson spend the night in jail so that she could learn a lesson ; however , she made it clear if Malibu/Lost Hills personnel were going to release Ms. Richardson that night , Ms. Sutton would travel there to pick her up . " Mitrice 's mom angered by leaks Her mother did not learn she was released until 5:30 a.m. the next day , it said . She then filed a missing persons report , which began the search for Richardson that did not end until this week . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this story	NEW : Her dad holds sheriff 's deputies responsible for his daughter 's death The skeletal remains were found Monday in Malibu Canyon Sheriff : There are no signs of homicide in her death Richardson , 24 , was last seen leaving a Malibu sheriff 's station September 17
CNN  -- Family and friends of 16-year-old Demetrius C. Hewlin , one of three students killed in an Ohio school shooting , were preparing Monday to say their final goodbyes . A visitation was set for Hewlin at Burr Funeral Home in Chardon ahead of Tuesday 's funeral Mass , the same day accused shooter T.J. Lane heads back to court . Hewlin was killed last week when a lone gunman opened fire on students in Chardon High School 's cafeteria . Two other students were hospitalized and another was grazed by gunfire . The shooting rocked the school and the community of 5,100 people about 30 miles east of Cleveland . A funeral service for Daniel Parmertor , 16 , was held Saturday . A service for the third victim , 17-year-old Russell D. King , is scheduled for Thursday . Authorities say Lane , 17 , is charged with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault . The latter is related to the student who was grazed by a bullet . Prosecutor David Joyce filed charges against Lane in juvenile court . The defendant 's next court appearance will be Tuesday , and a hearing scheduled for March 19 will discuss a motion to transfer his case to an adult court . Lane 's friends have said that the teen had a troubled childhood . His parents had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged in an assault on another woman .	Demetrius C. Hewlin is one of three killed in an Ohio school shooting A visitation is scheduled for Monday afternoon at a Chardon funeral home A funeral service is scheduled for Tuesday Accused school shooter T.J. Lane heads back to court Tuesday
One of European football 's grandest clubs has a new owner , with an Indonesian billionaire shaking up the established order in Italy 's Serie A. Tycoon Erick Thohir is only the second foreign owner in the Italian first division after acquiring a 70 % stake in three-time European champions Inter Milan . He has added Inter to what is fast become a comprehensive sporting profile after becoming the first Asian to own a stake in an NBA team as part of a consortium which purchased the Philadelphia 76ers in 2011 . Thohir is also one of three partners who own Washington 's Major League Soccer franchise DC United and has now followed in the footsteps of the American consortium , led by Thomas DiBenedetto , which broke new ground by purchasing Roma in 2011 . Blog : Your country needs YOU ! "  Today is a truly special day in my life , " the 43-year-old Thohir said in a statement . "  I am an entrepreneur , but first of all I am a supporter and a sports lover . I can not wait to put our passion and international experience at the service of this fantastic club and its supporters . " Inter hope the ownership change will give the club "  a global footprint . " While a new phenomenon in Italy , foreign ownership is more prevalent in the rest of Europe . The English Premier League has 11 foreign-owned clubs , including Americans in charge at Manchester United , Arsenal and Liverpool and Qatari money funding Manchester City 's continued growth . Qatar also has interests at the top of the French league , with reigning champions Paris Saint-Germain bankrolled by Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani . PSG 's rivals Monaco are controlled by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev . Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Abdullah Al Ahmed Al Thani at Malaga is the only foreign owner in Spain 's top flight , while there is no overseas ownership in Germany 's Bundesliga . However , there will still be an Italian influence in the corridors of power at Inter 's San Siro stadium with former president Massimo Moratti staying on as a member of the board . "  I think Inter 's history is going to be enriched by a new season thanks to our new international partners who , I am sure , will contribute to a continued string of successes , " said Moratti , who has seen the team win 23 trophies under his family 's stewardship . "  The new partners ' enthusiasm and pragmatism are certainly a guarantee for the future . " The takeover reflects Asia 's growing influence in world football , particularly in Indonesia . English clubs Chelsea , Liverpool and Arsenal all play matches in the country during preseason tours , while the Chinese Super League now boasts Italian World Cup winning coach Marcello Lippi , who is in place at Guangzhou Evergrande .	Inter Milan purchased by Indonesian billionaire Erick Thohir Thorir also owns stakes in the Philadelphia 69ers and soccer 's DC United Inter become just the second Italian team to come under foreign ownership A U.S. consortium purchased a controlling stake in Roma in 2011
We pay a lot of attention to revolutions when they emerge suddenly and violently , but when a transformation arrives gradually and peacefully it 's easy to miss . Let 's stop for a moment and take a look at a slow-motion development changing the world as we know it : The United States is giving up its addiction to foreign oil . For decades , we bemoaned the awful toll this addiction has taken . The need for oil and natural gas -- much of it from Middle Eastern dictatorships -- shaped the foundation of global geopolitics . It created morally questionable alliances and repeatedly placed Washington in a position to choose between its fundamental values and its economic interests . Now all that could change . When President Obama started his first term , the country faced stiff economic headwinds . Now , as he prepares to start his second term , the country enjoys a rare and unexpected tailwind , propelling it in one of the most important areas , with a host of positive implications . Clearly , the booming American oil and gas businesses are not problem-free , but the benefits -- economic , geopolitical and environmental -- of this impending energy independence far outweigh the drawbacks . The days when Mideast oil-producing dictatorships and their friends at OPEC could so easily wave their power over a trembling , oil-thirsty West are on their way to becoming a relic of the past . America still needs imported oil . But growing production and shrinking consumption have created a most promising trend . According to the International Energy Agency , the United States will become the world 's leading oil producer in just a few years . Imagine that . The United States could produce more oil than Saudi Arabia as early as 2017 and become a net oil exporter by 2030 . And if you count other petroleum products , the future is already here . In 2011 , the United States exported more petroleum products -- including gasoline , diesel and other fuels -- than it imported . That had not happened in more than half a century . David Frum : A tax we could learn to love The first major sign of impact is visible in Iran . The loosening of oil markets has strengthened the world 's hand against oil-rich Iran . One main reason the international community has been able to impose strong sanctions on Tehran , aimed at persuading the regime to stop its illegal nuclear enrichment program , is that the global economy can do without Iranian oil . Iran 's production has fallen 40 % , a drop that not long ago would have created unacceptable economic hardships for the rest of the planet . The trend is even more dramatic when you include natural gas , a product that is revolutionizing energy markets . The United States is about to become the second-largest exporter of natural gas behind Russia . Gigantic oil and gas finds in the United States and elsewhere are transforming the landscape , in some cases quite literally . Other than rising oil prices , the reason for this shift is that new and controversial technologies such as fracking and horizontal drilling have multiplied the amount of viable deposits in unexpected places . The techniques take an environmental toll , but there are upsides . Fracking , as we keep learning , is creating very troubling problems , which deserve scrutiny . But it is helping to replace coal , the dirtiest form of energy production , with much cleaner natural gas . Another dark lining in this silver cloud is that cheaper oil and gas will reduce incentives to produce green energies . Rather than abandoning the new sources of energy , efforts should focus on finding ways to reduce the negative impact of fracking and on continuing the push for alternative energy . Fracking protesters say drilling jobs not worth environmental risks The Obama administration now faces a balancing act as it starts its new term . Energy policy , the quest for full energy independence , must be weighed against the growing threat of climate change . A decision on the controversial Keystone XL pipeline is imminent and political pressure against fracking will grow . The president should support strong climate legislation , without reversing the powerful gains of surging U.S. oil and gas production , with all its transformational benefits . The two goals are not mutually exclusive . Once upon a time , America was the Saudi Arabia of whale oil , the fuel of its day . Whale oil was displaced by hydrocarbon production , which the United States also dominated . That started changing with enormous geopolitical consequences after easy , high quality oil was found in the Arabian Peninsula and other parts of the Middle East . The United States built alliances with autocratic regimes as part of a commitment to satisfy its needs and preserve the free flow of oil , which became the life-blood of the global economy . For oil-rich countries , this brought enormous fortunes , but it also brought something known as the "  resource curse . " With wealth concentrated in the hands of autocrats , corruption mushroomed , and other sectors of the economy withered . A trend away from the concentration of oil production in such an unstable , undemocratic part of the world bodes well . It bodes well for human rights , and it also bodes well , ironically , for the economies of oil-rich countries , which may at long last find an incentive to diversify into other industries . It certainly bodes well for the U.S. economy , which is already creating tens of thousands of jobs in industries related to the new boom . William Bennett : Damon 's film overlooks fracking 's boon In what sounds like something from another era , the Energy Information Administration forecast declining gasoline prices for the next few years . That 's the first bit of good news for American consumers . The really good news is the knowledge that soon , every time you fill up your tank you will not be sending a piece of your paycheck to the Middle East . That , among other things , is excellent news for America 's balance of trade and for the soundness of the U.S. economy , which sadly now struggles with a politically dysfunctional Washington . No matter how much oil the United States and its friends in the Western Hemisphere produce , the Middle East remains a principal global petroleum producer for the foreseeable future . The United States still needs to ensure the free flow of oil , because a stop in production will cause prices to spike on global markets , affecting the entire planet . But America and its friends are becoming much less vulnerable to oil shocks . And supplies from other parts of the world are becoming more plentiful . The emerging changes in the world 's energy markets , if they continue to develop , are nothing short of revolutionary . As Obama prepares for a new term in office , they are gradually rerouting us from a destiny that we had thought was inescapable and rather dismal to one that , while far from assured , looks much more promising .	Frida Ghitis : The U.S. will become the world 's leading oil producer in a few years Ghitis : It is truly transformational that the U.S. is giving up its addiction to foreign oil Despite energy independence , we need to keep looking into green energy , she says Ghitis : It 's beneficial for the U.S. to not rely on unstable , undemocratic Middle East for oil
CNN  -- At 51 years of age , Polish prime minister Donald Tusk has come a long way . As part of the Kashubian minority living in the Gdansk Region , he was born to working-class parents -- his father a carpenter and his mother a nurse . Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk was elected in November 2007 . As a student of History at the University of Gdansk in the late 1970s , a period of growing discontent with the Communist regime in Poland , he became actively involved in the creation of the opposition Students ' Solidarity Committee , founded in reaction to the murder of student activist Stanislaw Pyjas by the State Security Service . Despite his anti-communist activities , he successfully finished his studies in 1980 and joined the Independent Solidarity Trade Union movement . When the Communists imposed martial law in 1981 he continued with his underground activities , writing pamphlets about the ideas of liberal economist Friedrich Hayek and the concept of private property . His heroes became former U.S. president Ronald Reagan and British prime minister Margaret Thatcher . With the fall of Communism in 1989 , the Solidarity Movement splintered . Lech Walesa , the former Solidarity Leader was elected President , while Tusk went on to co-found the KLD  Liberal and Democratic Congress Party  with other well-known figures . The Party stood for among other things : free market economy , privatization , individual freedom of Polish citizens and Polish accession to the EU . The following year , during the 1991 Parliamentary elections , the KLD won 37 seats in the lower house of the Polish Parliament . Not being able to follow up on their success in the 1993 elections , the KLD merged with the larger Democratic Union Party  UD  to form a new party called Freedom Union  UW  . Tusk soon became Deputy Chairman and in the 1997 elections , he was voted into the Senate . In 2001 , Tusk formed the Civic Platform Party  PO  , winning seats in that year 's parliamentary elections and becoming Deputy Speaker in parliament . But the Civic Platform was not able to sustain its success in the 2005 elections . Tusk and his party lost both the presidential and parliamentary elections to Lech Kacczynski 's PiS  Law and Justice Party  . This setback was not to last as Tusk triumphed over Jaroslaw Kaczynsky 's PiS in the October 2007 elections and became prime minister of Poland . Tusk 's economic policies are pro-business : less bureaucratic hurdles and state interference making it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses . He is also trying to woo back more than a million Poles who left the country to work in other European Union countries after it joined the EU in 2004 . Tusk is a keen footballer , viewed in his youth as a promising striker . He is married to historian Malgorzata and has two children , Kasia and Michal .	Involved in anti-communist activities as a student in Gdansk In 1989 Tusk co-founded the KLD  Liberal and Democratic Congress Party In 1997 he was voted into the Polish Senate Became prime minister of Poland after 1997 parliamentary election
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- When I tell people outside India that I live in New Delhi , I 'm almost always asked the now inevitable question : "  Do you feel safe there ? " or worse , "  what 's with the rape culture in India ? " The December 16 , 2012 gang rape of a student inside a moving bus has sadly become India 's defining story of the past year . CNN iReport : Do you think anything has changed ? Tell us The horrific details so ingrained in people 's memories , Indian cities are now perceived by many around the world as "  rape capitals . " However , for anyone who knows India and lives here , these sweeping generalizations are simplistic and unjustified . The definition of what constitutes rape varies from country to country so there 's no internationally accepted method of comparing India 's rape statistics with those of other nations . New Delhi rape exposes perils of being a woman in India But in a country of 1.2 billion people , where local sexual assault cases which would n't merit a mention in the U.S. or Europe now make headlines , you can be excused for thinking India is suffering from a "  rape epidemic . " Even Indian women 's rights activists will agree , rape is not part of the country 's culture ; it 's certainly not a new phenomenon and it 's surely not particular to India . Heightened awareness What is new to this country though , and what is significant , is the heightened awareness of sexual violence against women . The discourse has dominated local newspaper editorials and television talk shows this year . Women are now feeling more emboldened to ignore the stigma and report not just cases of rape , but even harassment , molestation , stalking and voyeurism . Opinion : Where have India 's females gone ? It is this change that makes the December Delhi gang rape a turning point for India and perhaps the victim 's lasting legacy . Indian law prohibits the naming of sexual assault victims , but to her family and millions of Indians , she will be remembered by the name the media gave her : Nirbhaya , or "  fearless one . " On December 17 , 2012 , the day after the attack , I received a text message from students at New Delhi 's prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru University , informing the media of a protest being held at the location where the 23-year-old medical student and her male friend had boarded a bus the previous night . The white chartered bus that circled the city for almost an hour while the student was repeatedly raped by six men and sexually violated with an iron rod . I was n't expecting a large showing , after all , sexual assault is sadly commonplace . Government statistics show a woman is raped every 20 minutes in India . ` Indian Spring ' But when I arrived at the intersection in the upscale South Delhi neighborhood , I saw hundreds of young urban students holding hands , hoisting placards , shouting slogans . Your views : One year on , has anything changed for India 's women ? Send us your experiences . I remember reporting how unusual it is for this section of society to protest in New Delhi ; they tend to be politically apathetic because they are the materially contented , having benefited more than others from India 's economic growth over the last two decades . But one after another , young women and men took to the streets shouting , "  Enough is enough . " "  I 'm protesting today because this  rape  is an everyday problem , " explained one student . "  I ca n't wear what I want , I ca n't go where I want without men staring at me ... where is my freedom ? " asked another . What happened next was unprecedented . Day by day , the protests swelled from hundreds to thousands to tens of thousands ; young and old , men and women marching to India 's seat of power , jumping over barricades , braving the water cannons in New Delhi 's December cold . No one expected it to become so big . Some even called it the "  Indian Spring . " The government was shaken to its core . "  Sometimes it just takes one incident to galvanize a society and to inspire change , and this certainly seems to be that watershed moment , " I said during a live shot . Relating to victim What was it about this particular incident that struck a nerve ? The horrific nature of the act was one thing , but would people have reacted in the same way if this had happened in rural India ? Probably not . As one student put it , "  we 're protesting here because she  the victim  could have been me . " Many in Delhi could relate to the victim . She represented the aspirations of so many Indian girls , studying hard , daring to dream big . The victim 's family migrated to Delhi from a village in Uttar Pradesh state in search of a better life . Her father worked 16-hour shifts as a baggage handler at the Delhi airport to pay for her education . She even tutored several neighborhood children to help put her two younger brothers through school . "  She had a great passion for academics . Every year the happiest day for us was when my daughter 's school results would come out , she would always be one of the top two students in class , " her father Badrinath Singh remembered proudly . She wanted to become a doctor and lift her family 's status in society , a culture that places high value on social class . In some ways she succeeded . She managed to attend some of the country 's best schools , get a job at an international call center , inspire her brothers to study engineering and aeronautics . On that fateful night , she was watching Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " at an upscale mall , where young girls in skinny jeans and tank tops hang out at Starbucks , shop at Zara and eat sushi . Fighting for women One year on , I reflect on what 's changed . I have met some incredibly strong women fighting against all odds in a society which often places less value on women . Meet India 's Red Brigade : The teens fighting back Sumanjeet , 25 , was pressured to abort all four of her babies simply because they were girls . "  How could they afford to pay for their daughter 's dowry ? " her husband asked . Daughters , especially in rural India , are often seen as a burden . A 16-year-old student from a lower caste  known as a dalit  was gang raped by eight upper class men in the state of Haryana . When her father found out what his daughter had been through , he killed himself out of shame . Relatives and neighbors advised the family not to report the case to the police because no one would want to marry a "  tainted " girl . Victims blamed in India 's rape culture I also met a mother who has been tirelessly fighting for justice the past six years . Her daughter was gang raped by wealthier neighborhood boys when she was just a teenager . This remarkable woman has hired more than a dozen lawyers , some female , but they all kept switching sides or said they could no longer represent her . The mother suspects they were bought over by the wealthier rapists . A teen 's rape has far-reaching effects India 's awakening Under enormous public pressure , the government ordered the December Delhi gang rape case to be fast-tracked . But what about the tens of thousands of other rape cases left languishing in India 's notoriously slow-moving judicial system ? All of these women though , no matter what corner of India they come from , have heard about the Delhi gang rape and the justice the victim eventually got . They say they too have a sense of hope now . In the headlines this month , the managing editor of one of India 's most respected investigative magazines resigned in disgrace after he allegedly assaulted a young female colleague . He acknowledged a "  lapse of judgment " but insisted it was not assault . In another case , an intern accusing a Supreme Court judge of sexual harassment . Stories which would have likely gone unnoticed , unreported a year ago . Something has shifted in India this year . An awakening of sorts . Nirbhaya 's parents take solace in this . They told me they have lost everything , their lives will never be the same but they are proud of the change their daughter helped bring about . "  Let us not forget , it was because of her sacrifice that all these changes have taken place and I believe there will be more positive changes in the future , " her father told me , underlining the societal changes emerging out of a personal disaster . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis	December 16 , 2012 gang rape of a student on public bus became a defining story in India Udas : Indian cities are now perceived by many around the world as "  rape capitals " But after her death thousands protested against the treatment of women in India Udas : "  Sometimes it just takes one incident to galvanize a society "
CNN  -- From unauthorized dates to drunken massage parlor trips , some of South Korea 's biggest K-Pop stars have been giving the military a bad name -- and now the top brass has had enough . In a country where the mandatory two-year military service for all males is a big deal , the suggestion that celebrity recruits have been enjoying preferential treatment has created a fierce nationwide backlash . In addition to leading the top trending subjects on all nationwide news portals , social media and news sites were swamped by angry user comments , while military barracks rumbled with soldiers ' complaints . So last week the Ministry of National Defense announced it would be scrapping its celebrity soldier unit . "  Although we initially formed the unit to promote the military , a number of unfortunate incidents damaged the public image of the military and lowered the morale of all the regular soldiers who are in the service , " said the ministry 's vice-spokesperson Wi Yong-seob at a press conference . Preferential treatment On January 1 this year , South Korea awoke to paparazzi photos that showed K-Pop star Rain was secretly dating top actress Kim Tae-hee . Rain landed himself in hot water because he was halfway through his military service and his secret liaisons involved special leave that is not given to regular soldiers , as well as civilian contact -- which is not permitted during duty . No more miniskirts in Seoul ? New law has Koreans buzzing Last month , a local TV crew secretly taped a group of celebrity soldiers , including Rain and fellow K-Pop star Seven , drinking together in a private restaurant following a performance to commemorate the 63rd anniversary of the Korean War . Adding insult to injury , two of the celebs , Seven and Sangchu , then reportedly broke away from the group to visit an illegal massage parlor , which was also broadcast on national TV . The backlash was immediate and furious , with the public demanding disciplinary action and musing about the integrity of military service . "  This news about Seven and Sangchu is a sign of the lack of military discipline even during the 20-month service period . And so the degeneration of the military service will continue , " tweeted well-known lawyer Choi Young-ho . In the barracks Soldiers currently serving in the army were particularly disgruntled . "  The news made everyone very angry in the barracks , " said Yoo-min Kim , 24 , whose army service ended in May . "  The question we were all asking was ` why do they get to have that kind of special treatment ? ' " Some even questioned their entertainment value . "  What soldiers would like to see for those special concerts are the girl groups and not some male singer , " said Kim Kwon , 29 , who was recently discharged from the Ministry of Defense . The fallout With the closure of their unit , the 16 celebrity soldiers will be sent to regular military units -- with eight of them facing punishment for violating military rules . In the past , punishment for a similar offense ranged from reduced leave to a spell in a military jail . Two members are being deployed to units in the provinces -- which will come as a rude shock after their relatively cushy desk job in the capital . The history First formed 16 years ago , the celebrity unit acted as the military 's public relations office , and was comprised of singers , actors and comedians who used their various "  skills " in public capacities such as concerts for soldiers or military broadcasts . However , the issue of celebrities enlisting in the military has long been a controversial subject in South Korea . With the popularity of Korean entertainment soaring overseas , some say that the K-Pop stars and actors should be exempt from army service due to the substantial foreign revenue they bring into the country . In a similar vein , athletes are exempted from army service if they medal at the Olympic Games or win gold medals in the Asian Games . But it tends to be a more sensitive issue when it comes to entertainers . Famous cases Psy is one of the most high-profile cases -- the "  Gangnam Style " star famously repeated his two-year service in 2007 for negligence during duty in the form of private concerts and TV show appearances . The entertainer who started it all , though , was a Korean-American singer in the 1990s called Yoo Seungjun . The king of the K-Pop scene at the time , Yoo had voiced his eagerness to perform his military duty several times on television . But when the time actually came for him to enlist , the singer did an about-face and applied to become a U.S. citizen . The public felt massively betrayed and in a stunning move , the South Korean government deported Yoo and banned him from the country for life . "  Since the controversy involving Yoo , the issue of military service has been taken extremely seriously and people have stricter standards toward TV stars , " Korean pop columnist Moon Han-pyeong told South Korean newspaper Joongang Daily . "  People think there should be no special treatment or exemption for any group . "	Celeb unit acting as military public relations department for 16 years is being disbanded K-Pop stars Rain and Se7en 's bad behavior at the center of controversial decision Fierce nationwide backlash that meets any hint of special treatment
Mashable.com  -- Hop into this Ego Compact Semi Submarine , and without any extensive training you can be on your way to exploring the deep blue sea in no time . Why is this called a semi-submarine ? The entire boat is not submerged , but it 's more like a pontoon boat with a transparent waterproof compartment hanging from its middle . That means James Cameron is not going to be using one of these subs for that deep-water shoot for his Avatar sequel , but it 's still suitable for giving you an eye-popping view of the undersea world . Think of it as more akin to snorkeling than scuba diving . Photos : Raonhaje 's Ego Compact Semi Submarine The little boat cruises along at a leisurely sightseeing pace that 's unspecified by its maker , which will only say that its batteries will last eight hours at cruising speed or four hours at top speed . It 's built by South Korean company Raonhaje , which plans to sell fleets of these Ego Semi-Submarines to resorts , and single units to individuals and yacht owners . The company offers to build custom moorings for the craft , as well as hoists for yachts . We 're thinking super-safe leisure subs like these would be a huge hit at a resort , especially seaside marinas near coral reefs , with their colorful and bustling underwater wildlife . Just think , even people who ca n't swim can enjoy the spectacular view . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Without any extensive training you can explore the deep blue sea in no time Sub 's batteries will last eight hours at cruising speed or four hours at top speed Raonhaje offers to build custom moorings for the craft
CNN  There are many things that immigrants could teach those of us who are U.S.-born . The biggest lesson may simply to be grateful for our rights and privileges . That includes the little things we take for granted . Like a small plastic card that not only allows us to drive on public roadways but also provides us a sense of identity . Imagine not having a driver 's license and not being able to obtain one because the government prohibits it . Erika Andiola does n't have to imagine . Until recently , the 27-year-old Phoenix resident and co-director of the Arizona Dream Coalition was barred from having a driver 's license by Arizona . The reason : she is an undocumented immigrant born in Mexico and brought here as a child by her mother . Given that she arrived in the United States when she was 11 and has lived on this side of the U.S.-Mexico border longer than she lived on the other side , Andiola considers herself an American and this country her home . Under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , which was initiated by the Obama administration , more than half a million undocumented youth were given a two-year reprieve from deportation and a work permit . Andiola is one of the recipients , having been granted DACA protection in November 2012 and a renewal since then . From that point , had she lived in another state , the process for getting a driver 's license might have been much smoother . But she lives in Arizona , which -- in the 20 years from 1989 to 2009 -- welcomed illegal immigrants and their labor to build homes in Phoenix , work in restaurants in Tucson and make beds at ski lodges in Flagstaff but then tried to expel them when their chores were done . To push them out the door , legislators passed a spiteful law in 2010 that roped local police into enforcing federal immigration statutes and essentially sanctioned ethnic profiling of Latinos . In August 2012 , on the same day that DACA took effect , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer issued an executive order preventing the program 's recipients from obtaining driver 's licenses or other public "  benefit . " Brewer 's order was challenged in court . Two years later , in July 2014 , a three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals struck down the Arizona policy as a violation of the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution . With that , the estimated 22,000 DACA recipients who are also residents of the Grand Canyon State were free to apply for driver 's licenses and take their driving tests like anyone else . Andiola got her Arizona license earlier this month , after paying a $ 25 fee that she 'll have to pay every two years each time she renews it . I wondered what traveling that road taught her about that piece of plastic she carries with her . And I was curious about whether she had given any thought to how the native-born see driver 's licenses compared to people like her . "  There is a pretty big difference , " Andiola said . "  I think it 's because we fought really hard for it . People born here might not ever think about their driver 's license unless they buy a drink or get stopped by police . For us , it 's a reminder of the fruits of our labor . Think about how many minds we had to change so people could come out of the shadows . " Other privileges get taken for granted by the native-born , she said , such as the ability to apply for financial aid to attend college or pay the lower in-state tuition that you 're entitled to pay as a state resident . "  When it comes to higher education , I do n't think a lot of people really understand what they have unless they have to struggle to get it , " Andiola said . "  I have nephews who are citizens . I 'm trying to make them understand how it was such a big deal , in my case , to attend college and pay in-state tuition and have it taken away . It was a big hurdle , and I almost dropped out . I want them to understand some of the privileges they have . " Finally , there 's the right to vote . Undocumented immigrants ca n't do it , and yet many of those U.S. citizens who can do n't bother going to the polls . "  Look at what we 've done to bring change , " she said . "  Imagine how much someone can accomplish when they vote . A lot of Americans do n't learn the political process . And you do n't feel you need to until you struggle to drive , to vote , to just be allowed to stay with your family . " Listen to her , America . This is an exemplary country , and it 'll stay that way as long as those of us who were born here and have these rights and privileges learn to appreciate them , treat them with care and put them to good use .	Ruben Navarrette : A driver 's license is not only about transportation but about identity He says it took a hard fight for young immigrants to win the right to driver 's licenses in Arizona
CNN  -- Fans are thrilled with the return of "  Monty Python 's Flying Circus , " and we can show you why . The five surviving members of the group have announced that they will do their first live show since 1980 . The cult classic comedy is known for their lines that are oft repeated by devotees . Monty Python returns , promising ` comedy , music , ancient sex ' There has been some chatter about whether their comedy will fly in this day and age . After all , it 's been years since the sketch comedy television show , "  Monty Python 's Flying Circus , " first premiered in the United Kingdom . Will Monty Python 's humor fly in 2013 ? But their fan base is solid and has faithfully followed their sketches and movies . Here are some of the bits that earned the British troupe much acclaim . Of course we must begin with a little bit of spam : They also taught us about "  The Meaning of Life " and why "  every sperm is sacred " : Gross as this is , it 's still hilarious . No seriously , this is really , really gross so you have been warned : And we must include "  Flying Lesson " : What are some of your favorite Monty Python movies and sketches ?	The Monty Python team will be doing their first live show since 1980 It 's been years since "  Monty Python 's Flying Circus " debuted Will their sketch comedy still work ? Their fan base is solid
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Aubrey Plaza 's lips are firmly sealed about her MTV Movie Awards "  Kanye " moment four days ago , which could be seen as evidence that it was a stunt to promote her new movie . "  What do you think ? " Plaza replied Wednesday night at a "  To Do List " screening . The actress ran onstage Sunday as Will Ferrell began his acceptance speech for the Comedic Genius award . While holding a drink in one hand , she grabbed his golden popcorn bucket trophy with the other in a not-so-convincing struggle to get it . MTV quickly promoted the "  incident , " while officially denying it was staged and insisting that Plaza was expelled from the audience . The network 's website posted a story headlined "  Did Kanye West Inspire Aubrey Plaza 's Movie Awards Stage-Crash ? " West 's interruption of Taylor Swift 's speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards -- in which he made it clear he thought Beyonce deserved the honor more -- was soon followed by an apology tour . He told Jay Leno that his actions were rude and he was "  ashamed that my hurt caused someone else 's hurt . " He announced that he would "  take some time off " to think about how to "  make it through the rest of this life . " In fact , his planned three-month tour with Lady Gaga was cut short . But Plaza is offering no apology , confession or explanation . Her only public comment was a tweet posted Monday : "  thanks for the advice @kanyewest went better than planned ! " Was the struggle staged , but not with everyone looped in , so that MTV could deny it was a stunt without lying ? Plaza was given the front-row center seat closest to Ferrell , whom she said she 's "  known for a long time . " The camera did zoom in on her after she sat back down , giving viewers a clear shot of " #TheToDoList " scribbled across her chest . "  That 's an interesting theory , " Plaza said . "  I like that one . " Did she do it because the best way to get a Hollywood entertainment reporter to write about her is with bad behavior ? "  Is that true ? " she said . As if she did n't know . Can she reveal anything people do n't know ? "  I can play the saxophone , " she said . "  That 's something surprising that people do n't know about me . " It would "  be a dream come true " to play sax at the MTV Awards , she said . Why wait to be invited ? You could jump up on stage . "  That 's true , " she said .	Plaza offers no apology , confession or explanation The actress interrupted Will Ferrell 's Comedic Genius award acceptance Plaza is promoting her new comedy , "  The To Do List " MTV officially denies it was staged , insisting Plaza was expelled from the audience
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Four people in two states have been arrested as part of an investigation into the Final Exit Network , an organization that police believe helped a Georgia man end his life in June , authorities said Thursday . Claire Blehr , 76 , of Georgia , and Thomas E. Goodwin , 63 , of Florida and Georgia , were two of the four arrested . John Celmer , 58 , lived in Cumming , north of Atlanta . Cumming police , the Forsyth County coroner and the man 's relatives all had suspicions that his death was an assisted suicide , and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation launched an investigation , the agency said in a news release . The GBI on Wednesday set up a sting operation at a residence in adjoining Dawson County , using an undercover agent who had posed as a terminally ill man seeking assistance with his suicide , the statement said . Claire Blehr , 76 , of Atlanta , Georgia , and Thomas E. Goodwin , 63 , of both Punta Gorda , Florida , and Kennesaw , Georgia , were arrested , the GBI said . Meanwhile , authorities in Baltimore , Maryland , arrested Dr. Lawrence D. Egbert , 81 , of Baltimore in connection with the investigation . A second person , Nicholas Alec Sheridan , 60 , also of Baltimore , was arrested Wednesday night , GBI spokesman John Bankhead said Thursday . All four face charges of assisted suicide , tampering with evidence and violation of the Georgia 's Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , the GBI said . The Final Exit Network , based in the north Atlanta suburb of Marietta , identifies itself on its Web site as "  an all-volunteer organization dedicated to serving people who are suffering from an intolerable condition . Network volunteers offer you counseling , support and even guidance to self-deliverance at a time and place of your choosing , but you always do the choosing . We will never encourage you to hasten your death . " Celmer suffered from "  very , very severe mouth and throat cancer , " his 85-year-old mother , Betty Celmer , said from her home in the Buffalo , New York , suburb of East Amherst . "  They were rebuilding the whole mouth , " she said . "  He was suffering terribly , that I know . " She said her son had undergone numerous surgeries and "  sounded depressed . " When he died , she said she had no idea his death might have been a suicide . In a statement released by the GBI , Celmer 's widow , Susan , said that she and her family "  are gratified that the GBI and other law enforcement agencies have pursued this matter vigorously and that their investigation has led to the arrests reported today . " She said she will not comment further and requested privacy , referring future questions to her attorneys . An e-mail to Jerry Dincin , a man listed as Final Exit Network 's vice president and treasurer on its Web site , was not answered Thursday . A call to Final Exit was answered by a recording . The method used in the suicide was helium inhalation , according to the GBI statement . People pay $ 50 to join the Final Exit Network , according to the GBI , and complete an application process . They are then visited by an "  exit guide " assigned to the case . "  During the visitations , the member is instructed to purchase two helium tanks of a specific size and brand and a specific type of hood known as an ` exit bag , ' " according to the GBI statement . "  On the day of the event , the member is visited by the ` exit guide ' and a ` senior exit guide . ' The senior exit guide instructs the member through the process . " Goodwin and Blehr were told the GBI agent suffered from pancreatic cancer , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported . At the Dawson County residence on Wednesday , Goodwin allegedly walked the undercover agent through the steps and demonstrated how he would hold the agent 's hands to stop him from removing the exit bag , Bankhead said . The GBI said that after the death occurs , "  all evidence is removed from the scene by the ` guides ' and discarded , as evidence indicated happened in the Cumming case . " Goodwin 's former neighbors in Kennesaw told CNN he moved to Florida a few years ago but still owns his large home there and returns to check on it occasionally . Kay Makarenko , 69 , who lives behind Goodwin 's home , said she was shocked to hear of his arrest . "  I said , ` It ca n't be the same Ted Goodwin . ' " After the arrests Wednesday , authorities in Georgia , Florida , Maryland , Michigan , Ohio , Missouri , Colorado and Montana began executing search warrants and conducting interviews as part of the probe into the Final Exit Network , the GBI said , adding that GBI agents were in each state except Colorado to assist . In Phoenix , Arizona , police have linked the 2007 death of a 58-year-old woman to the Final Exit Network , Maricopa County Attorney Andrew Thomas said Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate KPHO-TV in Phoenix . Thomas said the woman , Jana Van Voorhis , was not terminally ill but suffered from mental illness and depression . He said a police investigation turned up records of visits from Final Exit guides to Voorhis , according to KPHO . No arrests have been made , but Thomas said he expects his office to wrap up its investigation and decide if charges are warranted within 60 days . CNN affiliate WDIV-TV in Detroit , Michigan , reported that search warrants were executed regarding two Michigan residents who sit on Final Exit 's board of directors . The Final Exit Network Web site features a "  Wall of Fame " with photos of Dr. Jack Kevorkian , among others . Kevorkian was released on parole in June 2007 after serving more than eight years of a 10 - to 25-year sentence in the 1998 death of a man suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . "  We believe the needs of those who are suffering are paramount , " the organization says . "  We applaud the work of organizations that seek legislative action to strengthen our right to die a peaceful and painless death at the time and place of our choosing . However , we feel that legislative change will not come soon enough for the many people who need help now and in the interim . " Betty Celmer , meanwhile , declined to share her thoughts on assisted suicide or the Final Exit Network 's alleged involvement in her son 's death , saying she lacks specifics . "  He 's in a far better place , " she said . "  That 's the only comment I 'm going to make . " CNN 's Ashley Broughton and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	NEW : Widow says she 's gratified "  investigation has led to the arrests " Authorities probing group that police believe helped Georgia man end his life After Wednesday arrests , authorities in eight states execute search warrants Final Exit Network 's Web site : Volunteers offer "  guidance to self-deliverance "
CNN  -- Landon Donovan , the greatest scorer in American men 's soccer history and one of the players who helped raise the profile of the game in the United States , will retire after the MLS season . The Los Angeles Galaxy star told reporters in Los Angeles on Thursday that he does n't have the same passion for the game that he had when he began playing professionally as a teenager . He said he made his final decision to leave the game about two weeks ago . "  It 's bittersweet for me , " he said . "  There is some sadness . I 'm also equally excited for what 's to come . As most of you know , I 've been doing this for quite a long time . " Donovan said he wanted to tell the Galaxy his plans so the team could start the process of looking for a new marquee player . The 5-foot-8 forward has been the highest profile American player for many years . Donovan , 32 , has netted more goals than any other player in U.S. men 's national team history  57  and is the leading all-time scorer  138  for Major League Soccer . The exceptionally fast Donovan scored one of the most famous goals in U.S. history , knocking home a stoppage-time shot in the 2010 World Cup to beat Algeria and get the United States out of group play . Many expected Donovan to be named to the 2014 team and make an appearance in his fourth World Cup , but he was cut by U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann , who praised the player Thursday . "  He consistently raised the bar for himself these last 15 years , and he set a fantastic example for so many other American players to follow , " Klinsmann said . "  As one of the best players in U.S. soccer history , Landon should be proud of everything he has accomplished . " His club coach said he leaves an unbelievable legacy . "  Landon Donovan is one of the most significant figures in the history of soccer in the United States , " L.A. Galaxy coach and former U.S. coach Bruce Arena said Thursday . "  His influence on MLS and soccer in this country will continue to be felt for many years to come . U.S. goalie Tim Howard tweeted : "  It 's been an honor . " Former U.S. great Claudio Reyna said : "  Congratulations @landondonovan It was great to see you evolve on and off the field over the last 15 years ! " Donovan has four goals and seven assists this year for the Galaxy , which has 15 matches left in the regular season . He also had the game-winning goal for the MLS all-stars in a 2-1 victory Wednesday night against Bayern Munich . He also played professionally in England and Germany . He said he played most of his career in the States to be near family and to help build MLS into a league respected worldwide . "  Landon is to MLS what Michael Jordan was to the NBA , Wayne Gretzky was to the NHL and Tiger Woods was to the PGA Tour : a player whose sporting accomplishments and popularity transformed their respective leagues and set a new standard for how the game would be played , " MLS Commissioner Don Garber said . Donovan said part of the reason he took a sabbatical last year , including time away during the U.S World Cup qualifying campaign , was to see how he would feel about life away from soccer . He already had contemplated retiring , he said , but came back from his trip abroad rejuvenated and anxious to play on . Not everyone who helped him with the decision was pro-retirement , he said . At 32 , he could still be a good player for a few more seasons . And he is walking away from the last two years of his contract , which pays him "  a lot of money , " he said . He will be remembered most for his moments of brilliance for the Red , White and Blue . Donovan left an indelible mark on the U.S. national team and its history . Forget all the goals , assists or the hat tricks against Scotland , Ecuador and Cuba  he actually hung four on Cuba  . There are reasons Donovan has earned a sort of cult fame among U.S. soccer 's fan base , and fame among America 's casual fans . He 's one of the primary reasons fans of archrival Mexico shudder when they hear the chant "  dos a cero "  two to zero  . The most glorious dos a cero for American fans came when Donovan buried the second goal in the 2002 World Cup round of 16 . His first game for the United States was against Mexico in 2000 , when he was just 18 . He scored . He was oh so fast and he could beat defenders one on one . If there was a penalty kick for the United States , he would bury it . He had a knack for well-placed set pieces , taking most of the U.S. free kicks for many years . "  I feel incredibly blessed and lucky to have played a role in the remarkable growth of MLS and U.S. Soccer during my playing career , " he wrote Thursday . "  And while my career as a player will soon be over , rest assured I will stay connected on many levels to the beautiful game . " Donovan indicated he wanted to work with youth soccer players , possibly at an academy run by the Galaxy . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann says Donovan was ` fantastic example ' Landon Donovan says he is sad , but excited for next phase in life He scored 57 goals for the USA , including a memorable one in the 2010 World Cup The 32-year-old says he 'll still be connected to the game
If it had happened anywhere else , this would be the world 's biggest story . More than 230 girls disappeared , captured by members of a brutal terrorist group in the dead of night . Their parents are desperate and anguished , angry that their government is not doing enough . The rest of the world is paying little attention . The tragedy is unfolding in Nigeria , where members of the ultra-radical Islamist group Boko Haram grabbed the girls , most believed to be between 16 and 18 , from their dormitories in the middle of the night in mid-April and took them deep into the jungle . A few dozen of the students managed to escape and tell their story . The others have vanished .  Roughly 200 girls remain missing . The latest reports from people living in the forest say Boko Haram fighters are sharing the girls , conducting mass marriages , selling them each for $ 12 . One community elder explained the practice as "  a medieval kind of slavery . " While much of the world has been consumed with other stories , notably the missing Malaysian plane , the relatives of the kidnapped girls in the small town of Chibok in northeastern Nigeria have struggled for weeks with no resources to help them . The Nigerian government allayed international concerns when it reported -- incorrectly -- that it had rescued most of the girls . But the girls were still in captivity . Their parents raised money to arrange private expeditions into the jungle . They found villagers who had seen the hostages with heavily armed men . Relatives are holding street protests to demand more help from the government . With a social media push , including a Twitter #BringBackOurGirls campaign , they are seeking help anywhere they can find it . Nigerians demand government do more to save abducted girls It 's hard to imagine a more compelling , dramatic , heartbreaking story . And this is not a one-off event . This tragedy is driven by forces that will grow stronger and deadlier if the captors manage to succeed . I think of these girls as trapped in the rubble of a collapsed building . Their mothers and fathers try to dig them out with their bare hands , while the men who brought down the building vow to blow up others . Everyone else walks by , with barely a second glance . Perhaps this story sounds remote . But at its heart it is a version of the same conflict that drives the fighting in other parts of the world . These young girls , eager for an education , are caught in the crossfire of the war between Islamic radicalism and modernity . It 's the Nigerian version of the same dispute that brought 9/11 to the United States ; that brought killings to European , Asian and Middle Eastern cities ; the same ideological battle that destroyed the lives of millions of people in Afghanistan ; that drives many of the fighters in Syria and elsewhere . In Nigeria , the dispute includes uniquely local factors , but the objectives of Boko Haram sound eerily familiar . Boko Haram wants to impose its strict interpretation of Sharia -- Islamic law . It operates mostly in the northern part of Nigeria , a country divided between a Muslim-majority north and a Christian-majority south . Islamic rule is its larger objective , but its top priority , judging from the group 's name , explains why it has gone after girls going to school . Boko Haram , in the local Hausa language , means roughly "  Western education is sin . " But women are just the beginning , and Boko Haram goes about its goals not only by kidnapping , but also by slaughtering men and women of all ages and of any religion . These militants view a modern education as an affront , no matter who receives it . In February , they burst into a student dormitory in the northern state of Yobe , where teenage boys were sleeping after a day of classes . They killed about 30 boys , shooting some , hacking others in their beds , slitting the throats of the ones trying to flee . In July , also in Yobe state , they shot 20 students and their teacher . The gruesome attacks are not restricted to remote areas . A few weeks ago , a bus bombing in the capital of Abuja killed more than 75 people . Boko Haram took responsibility . It was the deadliest terrorist act in the city 's history . Boko Haram has killed thousands of people since 2009 and has caused a humanitarian crisis with a "  devastating impact , " causing nearly 300,000 to flee their homes , according to Human Rights Watch . Nigeria is a resource-rich nation whose people live in grinding poverty . It is also plagued with endemic corruption . That triple combination -- poverty , corruption and resource-wealth -- creates fertile ground for strife and extremism . And the instability in Nigeria sends tremors through a fragile region . Boko Haram keeps hideouts and bases along the border with neighboring countries Cameroon and Chad . This is an international crisis that requires international help . Is there anything anyone can do ? Most definitely . First , it is urgent that the plight of these girls and their families gain the prominence it so clearly deserves . Global attention will lead to offers for help , to press for action . Just as the intense focus on the missing Malaysian plane and the lost South Korean ferry prompted other nations to extend a hand , a focus on this ongoing tragedy would have the same effect . Nigeria 's government , with a decidedly mixed record on its response to Boko Haram , will find it difficult to look away if world leaders offer assistance in finding and rescuing the kidnapped girls from Chibok , and another 25 girls also kidnapped by Boko Haram in the town of Konduga a few weeks earlier . This is an important story , a wrenching human drama , even if it happened in a part of the world where news coverage is very difficult compared with places such as Malaysia , South Korea or Australia . The plight of the Nigerian girls should remain in our thoughts , at the forefront of news coverage and on the agenda of world leaders .	Frida Ghitis : If more than 200 girls were kidnapped elsewhere , it would be world 's biggest story Ghitis : Parents desperate , anguished with no resources to help , while world turns away Ghitis : Boko Haram slaughtered thousands of people , many in schools , to stamp out education Coverage led to international effort for Flight 370 , she says , and we need effort to save girls
CNN Student News  -- August 20 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might it be important to know who is funding a video that promotes a cause ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . storm front 2 . Korean War 3 . texting while driving Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In what year was an armistice signed between North and South Korea to suspend their armed conflict ? 2 . An award-winning film director recently produced a documentary warning people about what danger ? 3 . In the U.S. music industry , what is the category for a single or album that sells 10 million copies or more ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think that planned reunions between separated North and South Korean families will have an impact on their countries ' relations ? Why or why not ? 2 . Do videos about the dangers of texting while driving change people 's driving behavior ? What were your thoughts on what students said about this issue ? In your opinion , what else could be done to discourage drivers from texting ? Explain . 3 . What was your impression of the music played on a cell phone in today 's report ? Do you think it will soon be common to play music professionally on cell phones ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia North Korea ; South Korea North America Mississippi ; Idaho FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
WASHINGTON  CNN  Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney are set to meet in Utah on Thursday for a meeting that Bush scheduled before Romney announced this month that he 's seriously considering a third presidential run . A senior Republican strategist familiar with the plans , speaking only on condition of anonymity , confirmed that the sit-down was put in the books some time ago , "  in the couple to several weeks range . " The source said the meeting , which was first reported by The New York Times on Wednesday , was requested by Bush as a gesture of respect for Romney 's leadership role in the party â $ " much like a recent Bush-John McCain meeting that took place at Bush 's request . And now ? "  Well obviously Governor Romney has changed the dynamics , " the source said . Separately , two Romney sources and a senior Bush source confirmed that the meeting will take place . Bush was spotted Thursday morning by CBS News boarding a flight from Washington to Salt Lake City . Asked if it was true he 's meeting with Romney , Bush responded : "  I like to ski . I ca n't comment . " When he arrived in Salt Lake City , he was met by a crowd of reporters and supporters who followed him from the gate through the airport . One man approached Bush and handed him what looked like a business card . "  I 'm a Republican . I 'm in the oil business . And I 'm an actor , " the man said . "  And I voted for your dad . " "  Thank you , " Bush said , accepting the card as he continued to walk . Bush briefly signed autographs outside and was followed by the small flock until he got into an SUV . "  Thank you , Mr. President , " one man shouted . The former Florida governor 's itinerary this week also includes a speech Friday in San Francisco at the National Automobile Dealers Association convention . Romney told a group of donors in New York on Jan. 9 that he was angling towards another run at the White House , less than a month after Bush jumped to Republican frontrunner status following his own announcement that he was actively exploring a bid . The Romney announcement shook the early 2016 pre-presidential campaign and sparked confusion and competition as both men were now courting similar donors and influential Republicans behind the scenes . Making the competition more tense was a new CBS News poll this week that showed nearly six in 10 Republicans want Romney to run for president , while 50 % feel the same about Bush . One reporter at the airport in Utah asked if the meeting would be awkward . "  No , " Bush replied flatly . At times , their paths have almost crossed . Romney spoke publicly at last week 's Republican National Committee meeting in San Diego , for example , while Bush was also in Southern California courting donors . Their circles are further overlapping as the two potential candidates start to staff up . CNN 's Mark Preston reported earlier this week that two of Romney 's former aides -- Megan Sowards and Matt Gorman -- are poised to play key roles in a potential Bush campaign . Ever since the prospect of a third Romney campaign became serious , Bush has played nice about his potential competitor . According to Bloomberg Politics , Bush praised the 2012 nominee at a private fundraiser Wednesday in Washington , saying he does n't expect he 'll need to wage ugly campaigns against his opponents to win a primary . Neither Bush nor Romney are scheduled so far to attend a major gathering of conservatives this weekend in Iowa . Nearly 10 prospective Republican candidates , including Gov. Chris Christie , will speak at the Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on Saturday hosted by Citizens United and Rep. Steve King . While Bush 's absence has stoked speculation that the former governor might plan to leave the first-in-the-nation caucus state out of his campaign strategy , Bush called the state 's GOP chairman on Wednesday to assure him that he plans to make Iowa a priority , the Des Moines Register reported . "  What I heard is a man that 's ready to come out and tackle the Hawkeye state , " Kaufmann said , though he noted that Bush stressed he 's still only considering a run and has n't become an official candidate . Last week Ted Gatsas , mayor of Manchester , New Hampshire , tweeted that Bush had called him and told him he plans on coming to the Granite State , which holds the nominating season 's first primary , at some point , according to the Union Leader . CNN 's Dana Bash and Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush are scheduled to meet this week in Utah , a source says It 's the first time the two will meet since Romney became more serious about another run for president
Almost a year ago , 8-year-old Martin Richard wrote four simple words on a sign at school . "  No more hurting people , " it said . For the camera , he held up the bright blue sign decorated with hearts framing the word "  Peace . " It 's a photograph that many find difficult to look at Tuesday as they struggle to comprehend the violence that took Martin 's life . On Monday , the boy and his family were watching the Boston Marathon near the finish line when two bombs exploded just off Copley Square in the heart of the city . The grade-schooler was killed , authorities said . Martin 's mother , Denise , and his sister were grievously injured , The Boston Globe reported . Denise Richard underwent surgery for an injury to her brain , and Martin 's 6-year-old sister lost her leg , CNN affiliate WHDH reported . As of 1 p.m. ET Tuesday , both were still hospitalized , according to WHDH . The boy 's father , William Richard , is a community leader in the Ashmont section of Dorchester , according to the Globe . "  My dear son Martin has died from injuries sustained in the attack on Boston , " Richard said in a statement Tuesday . "  My wife and daughter are both recovering from serious injuries . We thank our family and friends , those we know and those we have never met , for their thoughts and prayers . I ask that you continue to pray for my family as we remember Martin . We also ask for your patience and for privacy as we work to simultaneously grieve and recover . Thank you . " After early reports conflicted about whether William Richard ran the marathon , a family spokesperson told CNN Tuesday afternoon that he was a spectator . At a loss : Comforting grieving parents Tuesday morning , people arrived at the Richards ' home in the working-class neighborhood dotted with large New England-style homes . On the stone steps of the Richards ' blue-gray house , visitors gingerly laid down flowers . Someone had written "  peace " at the end of the driveway , according to the Globe . More than a 1,000 people , many holding candles and each other , attended a vigil in Dorchester for Martin and the other two victims Tuesday night . Neighbor Jane Sherman told CNN that William Richard came home Monday night about 10:30 . He seemed extremely upset and did n't appear to want to talk , she said . On Tuesday at the Richard home , a 10-year-old girl who went to school with Martin came by with her mother . "  We came here to pay our respects , " the mother told CNN . "  My daughter was very sad . He was a very nice boy . " Martin attended the Neighborhood House Charter School , according to a school official . The boy "  was a bright , energetic young boy who had big dreams and high hopes for his future , the school said in a statement . "  We are heartbroken by this loss . " "  We are also praying for his mother Denise , our school librarian and sister Jane , another Neighborhood House Charter student , who were seriously injured yesterday , " the statement said . The family represent "  the very best this city has to offer , " it said . Also killed in Monday 's attack was Krystle Campbell , who graduated from Medford High School in Massachusetts in 2001 . There were no immediate details about the third victim killed in the bombings . Of the more than 170 people who were treated at hospitals , at least 17 were in critical condition and 41 in serious condition , according to hospital officials . Martin made his "  peace " sign in May when his school organized a "  Peace Walk . " Holding their homemade signs , kids walked around the city making a big statement with a simple act . In bubble letters , one of his classmates wrote , "  No more violence ! " Mom posts viral photo of boy killed in blast In another photo of Martin -- this one apparently marking what was perhaps his first communion -- he is smiling , missing a few teeth , handsome and proud in his white suit . He holds a colorful communion banner . On it is a dove that symbolizes the Holy Spirit . The Richard family was very active in the neighborhood . "  They are beloved by this community , " City Councilor at Large Ayanna Pressley told the Globe . Pressley and other devastated residents gathered at Tavolo Restaurant in Dorchester to mourn . The family contributes "  in many ways , " she said . "  That 's why you see this outpouring . It 's surreal ; it 's tragic . " Sherman said that the Richard family is a "  typical all-American family " and that Martin and his little brother always loved to play in their yard , no matter the weather . Neighbor Dan Aguilar told The Boston Globe the same and said he was having a hard time wrapping his mind around the child 's death . "  That little boy will never come home again , " he told the paper . "  It 's still unreal . I have no words . I have no words . " While so much grieving continues , more details are emerging about Monday 's bombings . No suspects have been identified in the case , which federal authorities are classifying as an act of terrorism . It was not immediately known whether the origin of the bombings was domestic or foreign . The intelligence community is poring through all threat reporting for any clues , U.S. counterterrorism officials told CNN . That includes any claims made on jihadist websites . Nothing is being dismissed this early on , the officials said .	8-year-old bombing victim Martin Richard reportedly attended marathon with his family Richard 's father was a spectator , a family spokesman tells CNN His mother and sister were seriously injured and hospitalized , WHDH reports Candlelight vigil planned Tuesday ; boy 's father thanks community
CNN  -- A Utah man trapped for more than 26 hours in a crevice of a popular cave tourist attraction died as rescuers struggled to save him , authorities said Thursday . John Edward Jones , 26 , of Stansbury Park was stuck in the Nutty Putty Cave , which sits west of Utah Lake near Cedar Valley , according to the sheriff 's office of Utah County . The cave is 55 to 60 miles south of Salt Lake City . Sheriff 's officials said Jones entered the cave at around 6 p.m. Tuesday with a group of about 11 people and became stuck about 8:45 p.m. in a "  tightly confined " feature inside Nutty Putty Cave called "  Bob 's Push . " Utah County sheriff 's spokesman Sgt. Spencer Cannon told CNN affiliate KSL that Jones was trapped upside down in a crevice that was about 18 inches wide and about 10 inches high . The crevice is about 150 feet below the surface and about 700 feet from the cave entrance , according to the sheriff 's department . "  They had him to a level spot where he was n't heading downhill with his head below his feet , " Cannon said . "  During the course of that , they have a raising system to hold him in position , and one of the devices of that system failed , and Mr. Jones actually fell back to the area where he had been stuck for so long . " Shortly before midnight on Wednesday , rescuers got close enough to Jones to conclude that he was not breathing and he had no pulse . Rescue officials were meeting Thursday to determine how to recover Jones ' body . Rescuers had tried to reach Jones for more than 24 hours , but had problems navigating the treacherous terrain , Cannon said . "  Getting people to him is very difficult , " Cannon told KSL before Jones died . "  It is a tightly confined space . When there is movement , it is literally millimeters at a time . " There are narrow areas of the cave where visitors have to crawl on their bellies to get through , according to the attraction 's Web site . Up to 5,000 people visit each year , the site said .	John Edward Jones was stuck in cave crevice outside Salt Lake City He was trapped in a space that was 18 inches wide , 10 inches deep One of the rescue tools failed while trying to free him and Jones fell back
CNN  -- The Greek footballer who achieved global infamy on Saturday after celebrating a goal with a fascist salute has been barred by his club until the end of the season . Having already been issued with a life ban from the Greek national team for his actions in the 2-1 league win over Veria , Giorgos Katidis has now been sanctioned by AEK Athens as well . The move follows widespread criticism of the 20-year-old 's behavior , with many commentators expressing disbelief at the player 's claim that he was ignorant of the full meaning of his actions . In a statement , AEK confirmed rumors that the club future of the onetime Greek under-19 captain is now in serious question . "  The board has decided to suspend Katidis until the end of the 2012-13 season , taking into consideration the horrific image his behavior provoked and has imposed the highest possible fine according to internal regulations , " the club said . "  Whether he continues or not at the club will be decided in the summer after giving him the chance to prove his behavior was the result of immaturity and after assessing whether his re-introduction into the side will be possible without creating shockwaves to AEK . " A section of AEK 's support -- influential fan group Original 21 -- has already said that it wishes to see Katidis expelled from the club . Champions on 11 occasions prior to a recent slump caused , in part , by enormous debts , AEK has long been proud of its reputation as a club with a left-wing feel . It was founded in 1924 by Greek refugees from Constantinople  now Istanbul  -- with AEK standing for Athletic Union of Constantinople in English -- following the Greco-Turkish war of 1919-1922 . An example of the club 's political leanings came when AEK played a friendly in Belgrade against local side Partizan in April 1999 , a fortnight into NATO 's bombing campaign of Serbia , in a show of solidarity . Given this background , not to mention Germany 's detested wartime occupation of Greece and the recent rise of neo-fascist political party Golden Dawn , Katidis has since admitted the "  stupidity " of his actions . His club ban follows on from a statement he gave on Sunday , in which he asked to be dropped from the first team because of the way in which he had "  offended the history " of AEK . His announcement came shortly after a man who steered Greece to the UEFA Under-19 Championship final in 2012 learned of his lifetime ban from the senior national team by the Hellenic Fooball Federation . "  I made the mistake so I will be the one to pay for it -- AEK is not responsible , " Katidis ' statement read . "  So that is why I have decided to put myself out of the team because I have now realized how much I have offended the history of the club . "  I sincerely apologize to my team mates and everyone involved with the club that I insulted in not knowing exactly what I had done in my celebration . Nonetheless , the fact that I did not know what I was doing is no excuse . " The sentiment was shared by many around the world and particularly in Greece , where the midfielder 's actions came on the very weekend that marked the 70th anniversary of Greek Jew deportations to German concentration camps . Although his 84th minute goal helped lift troubled AEK four points clear from the relegation zone , Katidis will play no further role in the remaining two months of the season as the traditional giants of the Greek game try to avoid the first relegation in their long history .	AEK Athens bans Giorgos Katidis until end of season for controversial goal celebration Midfielder , 20 , has already been handed life ban from national team by Greek federation AEK to decide player 's future after Super League ends in April
CNN  -- With world No. 1 Novak Djokovic struggling at the ATP World Tour Finals , a tired Rafael Nadal exiting early , and third-ranked Andy Murray limping out of contention , the scene is set for renewed protests by tennis stars about their testing tournament schedule . But Roger Federer , perhaps the greatest of them all , has flatly rejected the notion that players should go on strike . "  It was brought up a few months ago , the whole boycott thing . It 's nonsense , " the 16-time grand slam champion told reporters after clinching his third successive Group B win at the season-ending event on Thursday . "  It 's not going to happen anytime soon . Things are good right now , so I do n't see a reason why we should just boycott . There 's absolutely no reason for it . " Can Federer make finals history ? Murray 's call for a players ' meeting before last month 's Shanghai Masters did not eventuate in any action , and the Scot himself later stated that he did not think a strike was necessary -- but that the issue of fixture scheduling needed to be addressed . Federer took a long break after the U.S. Open in September , while Nadal also had a rest with next month 's Davis Cup final between Spain and Argentina in mind . Tsonga sends Nadal tumbling out of finals Djokovic , meanwhile , had to take time out due to the back and shoulder injuries which have plagued the end of his sensational season . The Serbian looked a weary figure in his second match in London on Wednesday as he lost to Murray 's opening conqueror David Ferrer in straight sets . Murray pulled out of the tournament the day before , citing a groin injury he suffered in training last week . Rihanna to Rafael Nadal : Tennis ' popstar makeover But Federer is on course to become the first man to win the ATP championships six times after overcoming Mardy Fish 6-1 3-6 6-3 to eliminate the eighth-ranked American . The defending champion , who is president of the ATP Player Council , said a strike makes no sense . "  It 's not been an option really , in my opinion . Next year 's season is going to be shortened by two weeks , " he said . "  That 's , I think , as much as we can squeeze it really because otherwise a lot of tournaments would have to go , or we would have four tournaments the same week , which I do n't think is a very smart idea , to be honest , for the game . "	Roger Federer rules out boycotts after winning again at ATP World Tour Finals Swiss star says there is no reason to strike over tournament scheduling Federer hands American Mardy Fish his third defeat of the week in London He had already qualified top of his group for Saturday 's semifinals
Baghdad  CNN  -- Radical Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has returned to the country after more than three years in Iran , according to Iraqi state television and websites maintained by al-Sadr 's followers . The Shiite cleric has been in Iran since early 2007 , apart from a public appearance in Iraq in May 2007 . He has been studying in the Iranian city of Qom to become an ayatollah , the title given to high-ranking Shiite Muslim religious scholars . Al-Sadr commanded one of Iraq 's most formidable private armies after the fall of Saddam Hussein , which contributed to violence and instability in the country for several years . His political bloc has now joined forces with a former rival , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . The Sadr movement emerged as one of the kingmakers in Iraqi politics in March , when it won 39 parliamentary seats . The bloc 's support played a major role in al-Maliki getting his second term in office .	Muqtada al-Sadr has been in Iran since 2007 He 's been studying to be an ayatollah His political bloc was a kingmaker after elections in March
Rome  CNN  -- One of the men convicted of killing British exchange student Meredith Kercher in Italy three years ago has lost his appeal , his lawyer said Friday . It means Rudy Guede , originally from the Ivory Coast , will continue serving his 16-year sentence for the crime after the court refused Thursday to overturn his conviction . "  Rudy is very disappointed , " said his lawyer , Walter Biscotti . "  We do n't agree with the verdict because , starting today , there is an innocent man in jail . " Guede was originally sentenced to 30 years in prison for murder and attempted sexual assault , but he successfully appealed last year to cut the term to 16 years . He is one of three people convicted of killing Kercher in Perugia , Italy , in 2007 . Guede was tried in October 2008 . Kercher 's American roommate , Amanda Knox , and Knox 's former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were convicted in a separate trial that concluded a year ago . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Guede was convicted of killing Meredith Kercher in Italy in 2007 The Ivory Coast native is serving a 16-year sentence American Amanda Knox and Italian Raffaele Sollecito were also convicted
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari has won a non-binding vote that could influence the decision on who will be the country 's next prime minister , an official in the office of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said Wednesday . Tens of thousands took part in the vote last week in tents set up on the streets of Baghdad and some some southern provinces . The vote was called by al-Sadr , who has refused to back the top vote-getters in the March 7 election and wanted his followers to designate a prime minister of their choosing . Al-Jaafari won 24 percent of the votes in last week 's balloting , the official in al-Sadr 's office said . Current Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki won 10 percent , and former interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi won 9 percent , the official said . Allawi aims to quickly form Iraqi government The results play no official role in deciding who governs Iraq , but it means al-Jaafari will be the person that the al-Sadr bloc is committed to supporting as the next prime minister . March 's election produced extremely close election results and the final outcome is still uncertain . Allawi 's Iraqiya bloc won 91 seats , a razor-thin victory over al-Maliki 's State of the Law coalition , which gained 89 seats , according to the provisional results . At least 163 seats are needed to form a government . As a result of being at the top of the balloting , both Allawi and al-Maliki are working to form coalition governments and are reaching out to entities like al-Sadr 's group . Al-Sadr 's party , which gained at least 39 seats in the voting , is a member of the Iraqi National Alliance , the Shiite bloc that received 70 seats . CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	Unofficial vote called by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr He wanted his followers to designate a prime minister of their choosing Ibrahim al-Jaafari won 24 percent of the votes in last week 's balloting The results play no official role in deciding who governs Iraq
Thousands of people are being evacuated from the area around an active volcano in the Philippines after the country 's seismology agency issued an alert saying a hazardous eruption could happen "  within weeks . " Mount Mayon , which towers over the city of Legazpi in the central Philippines , has shown "  a noticeable escalation of unrest , " the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said in a bulletin late Monday . Molten lava and volcanic gas are making the mountain 's crater glow red , it said . Are you there ? Share your photos , videos if you can safely The agency raised the alert level to "  critical " for Mayon , which is famed for its near-perfect conical shape . Critical is the agency 's third highest alert level after eruption and imminent eruption . Authorities in the region of Albay responded Tuesday by launching efforts to relocate more than 10,000 people from a 6-kilometer radius around the volcano , the official Philippines News Agency reported . The seismology agency said 39 rockfalls , caused by breaches of a bulging lava dome at the volcano 's summit , had been detected over the course of Monday . It also said low level volcanic earthquakes had been recorded . The raised alert level "  means that Mayon is exhibiting relatively high unrest and that magma is at the crater and that hazardous eruption is possible within weeks , " the agency said . Lava from volcano threatens to cut off community on Hawaii 's Big Island Previous deadly eruptions Situated on the island of Luzon , about 330 kilometers  205 miles  southeast of Manila , Mayon is one of the world 's most active volcanoes . Since 1616 , the imposing stratovolcano has erupted 47 times , with many of the explosions causing deadly mudflows and ash falls . In 2013 , five climbers died when they were hit by falling rocks thrown up by a particularly violent blast . The volcano 's most devastating eruption took place in 1814 , killing at least 1,200 people .	Seismology agency : Mount Mayon has shown "  a noticeable escalation of unrest " It raises the alert level to "  critical , " saying an eruption could happen within weeks Authorities in the region begin evacuating more than 10,000 people from the area
CNN  If you think you are tech savvy all because you know what "  LOL " means , let me test your coolness . Any idea what "  IWSN " stands for in Internet slang ? It 's a declarative statement : I want sex now . If it makes you feel any better , I had no clue , and neither did a number of women I asked about it . Acronyms are widely popular across the Internet , especially on social media and texting apps , because , in some cases , they offer a shorthand for communication that is meant to be instant . So "  LMK " -- let me know -- and "  WYCM " -- will you call me ? -- are innocent enough . But the issue , especially for parents , is understanding the slang that could signal some dangerous teen behavior , such as "  GNOC , ' " which means "  get naked on camera . " And it certainly helps for a parent to know that "  PIR " means parent in room , which could mean the teen wants to have a conversation about things that his or her mom and dad might not approve of . Katie Greer is a national Internet safety expert who has provided Internet and technology safety training to schools , law enforcement agencies and community organizations throughout the country for more than seven years . She says research shows that a majority of teens believe that their parents are starting to keep tabs on their online and social media lives . "  With that , acronyms can be used by kids to hide certain parts of their conversations from attentive parents , " Greer said . "  Acronyms used for this purpose could potentially raise some red flags for parents . " But parents would drive themselves crazy , she said , if they tried to decode every text , email and post they see their teen sending or receiving . "  I 've seen some before and it 's like ` The Da Vinci Code , ' where only the kids hold the true meanings  and most of the time they 're fairly innocuous  , " she said . Still , if parents come across any acronyms they believe could be problematic , they should talk with their kids about them , said Greer . But how , on earth , is a parent to keep up with all these acronyms , especially since new ones are being introduced every day ? "  It 's a lot to keep track of , " Greer said . Parents can always do a Google search if they stumble upon an phrase they are n't familiar with , but the other option is asking their children , since these phrases can have different meanings for different people . "  Asking kids not only gives you great information , but it shows that you 're paying attention and sparks the conversation around their online behaviors , which is imperative . " Micky Morrison , a mom of two in Islamorada , Florida , says she finds Internet acronyms "  baffling , annoying and hilarious at the same time . " She 's none too pleased that acronyms like "  LOL " and "  OMG " are being adopted into conversation , and already told her 12-year-old son -- whom she jokingly calls "  deprived , " since he does not have a phone yet -- that acronym talk is not allowed in her presence . But the issue really came to a head when her son and his adolescent friends got together and were all "  ignoring one another with noses in their phones , " said Morrison , founder of BabyWeightTV . "  I announced my invention of a new acronym : ` PYFPD . ' Put your freaking phone down . " LOL ! But back to the serious issue at hand , below are 28 Internet acronyms , which I learned from Greer and other parents I talked with , as well as from sites such as NoSlang.com and NetLingo.com , and from Cool Mom Tech 's 99 acronyms and phrases that every parent should know . After you read this list , you 'll likely start looking at your teen 's texts in a whole new way . 1 . IWSN - I want sex now 2 . GNOC - Get naked on camera 3 . NIFOC - Naked in front of computer 4 . PIR - Parent in room 5 CU46 - See you for sex 6 . 53X - Sex 7 . 9 - Parent watching 8 . 99 - Parent gone 9 . 1174 ' - Party meeting place 10 . THOT - That hoe over there 11 . CID - Acid  the drug 12 . Broken - Hungover from alcohol 13 . 420 - Marijuana 14 . POS - Parent over shoulder 15 . SUGARPIC - Suggestive or erotic photo 16 . KOTL - Kiss on the lips 17 .  L  MIRL - Let 's meet in real life 18 . PRON - Porn 19 . TDTM - Talk dirty to me 20 . 8 - Oral sex 21 . CD9 - Parents around/Code 9 22 . IPN - I 'm posting naked 23 . LH6 - Let 's have sex 24 . WTTP - Want to trade pictures ? 25 . DOC - Drug of choice 26 . TWD - Texting while driving 27 . GYPO - Get your pants off 28 . KPC - Keeping parents clueless Know any other Internet acronyms parents should learn about ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Acronyms are widely used across the Internet , especially on social media and texting apps Some acronyms can be a shorthand for sex , drugs and alcohol Experts say parents should be aware of acronyms and talk to their children about them Expert : "  Asking kids not only gives you great information , but it shows that you 're paying attention "
CNN  -- Detectives on Saturday arrested the 12-year-old brother of Leila Fowler on a homicide charge in connection with his 8-year-old sister 's death , Calaveras County , California , Sheriff Gary Kuntz said . The brother -- who Kuntz did not name , but did speak publicly after his sister 's death -- was arrested at 5:10 p.m.  8:10 p.m. ET  at a county sheriff 's office substation in his hometown of Valley Springs , according to the sheriff . "  Citizens of Calaveras County can sleep a little better tonight , " Kuntz said . Leila Fowler and her brother were said to be alone on Saturday , April 27 , in their family 's northern California home when she was found dead . The 12-year-old told police that he 'd seen an intruder leaving the home , then found his sister suffering from stab wounds . The 8-year-old died minutes after arriving at a hospital , authorities said . After the incident , police offered a sketchy description of the suspect as a 6-foot-tall white or Hispanic male with a muscular build . Hundreds flock to vigil for slain girl They also interviewed registered sex offenders in the area , ran down leads and searched in attics , storage sheds and more in the rural , mountainous community located about 60 miles southeast of Sacramento . Authorities also combed the Fowler 's home and neighborhood looking for evidence . "  We did collect fingerprints during that search , " Calaveras County Sheriff 's Capt. Jim Macedo said days after the attack , "  and we did collect what we believe to be DNA . " Kuntz said law enforcement officers "  put over 2000 hours into this investigation to provide Leila Fowler 's family with answers in her death . " He declined to answer questions after giving his statement , including on the exact charges against the brother , where he is being held or when he will appear in court . The death of young Leila , known for her bubbly personality , shook the small town of Valley Springs , where purple ribbons , Leila 's favorite color , were tied to stop signs . "  We are devastated , " the girl 's mother , Crystal Walters , told CNN via her Facebook page . "  She did n't deserve this . ... She was so full of life . "	The brother , 12 , was arrested at a sheriff 's substation late Saturday afternoon "  Citizens of Calaveras County can sleep a little better tonight , " sheriff says Leila was fatally stabbed ; her brother had told police he 'd been an intruder
CNN  -- The message sent by the military council that rules Egypt was simple : "  Do n't mess with Egypt 's armed forces . " The message received by the activists who flooded Tahrir Square 18 months ago : "  Egypt 's revolution , which began with a bang , is ending with a whimper . " With several decrees , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -- a body of 20 generals - moved to neuter civilian authority and give itself unprecedented powers . It got some help from the Supreme Constitutional Court . The timing was hardly coincidental . The candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood was running strongly in the final round of the presidential election against a former Egyptian Air Force general . -LSB- Read more about the candidates -RSB- What many observers are calling a "  constitutional coup " has serious implications not only for the prospect of democracy in Egypt , but also for the future of the Arab world and for the close relationship between Washington and Cairo . Conflicting reports about whether Mubarak has died The drama began Thursday , when the Court ruled to expel one-third of the parliament entrusted with drafting a new constitution . The court held that the entire parliament , in which the Muslim Brotherhood and allies have a majority , had to be disbanded . The court 's ruling was "  absurd , destructive and essentially voids Egypt 's last year of politics of meaning , " Marc Lynch wrote in Foreign Policy . The director of the Institute for Middle East Studies said the country was going through the "  stupidest transition in history . " "  With Egypt looking ahead to no parliament , no constitution and a deeply divisive new president , it 's fair to say the experiment in military-led transition has come to its disappointing end , " Lynch wrote . While Egypt dealt with upheaval , its justice ministry  part of the government appointed by the ruling military council  extended the powers of military police and intelligence agents , allowing them to arrest civilians for a wide range of offenses , including protesting . Late Sunday , Egyptians had still gone ahead and voted in the presidential election . The United States Embassy in Cairo tweeted Monday : "  We congratulate Egypt on this presidential race . It 's a historic event 4 democracy in Egypt . " Hours later , the view from the U.S. State Department seemed different . "  We are particularly concerned by decisions that appear to prolong the military 's hold on power , " said spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . Meanwhile , the Supreme Council announced that an appointed assembly would draft the constitution , replacing the assembly chosen by the elected parliament . The Supreme Council also announced it would "  decide all matters related to military affairs , " including the country 's defense budget . There would be no civilian oversight , they said . Egyptians already appeared to be losing faith in politics , with a low turnout in voting between the Muslim Brotherhood 's candidate , Mohammed al-Morsi , and Ahmed Shafik , who was Mubarak 's last prime minister . Now , whoever wins could discover the office of the president has much lesser authority than it did before . Nobel Laureate Mohamed ElBaradei , himself once a presidential contender , tweeted : "  Electing president in the absence of constitution and parliament is electing an 'em peror ' with more powers than deposed dictator . A travesty . " ElBaradei was once considered a sell-out by disappointed leaderless revolutionaries for not participating in this year 's presidential race . Whatever their ultimate goal , Egypt 's traditional institutions are reasserting themselves in the face of an unpredictable political landscape . The Supreme Constitutional Court is afraid the Muslim Brotherhood plans to reform the judicial system , said Steve Cook , a senior fellow for Middle Eastern Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations . Nathan Brown , a political science professor at George Washington University , agrees . "  The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and the Court have a similar outlook , regarding themselves as guardians of the Egyptian state -- with responsibilities above politics , " he said . "  Both felt threatened by the prospect of a Muslim Brotherhood-dominated system . The Egyptian military has now become a state within a state , with oversight of the political system and the constitutional process , " Brown said . All four Egyptian presidents over the past 60 years have been former military men . The military and retired generals , like their counterparts in Pakistan , run important state enterprises , overseeing everything from food manufacturing to running hotel resorts . But what 's new and unusual in Egypt is that the military had put itself beyond civilian control . It is "  the locus of power , authority and legitimacy in the system , without having to run the country on a day-to-day basis , " Cook said . Debate rages over whether this power grab was the military 's plan all along , or whether it has reacted to events . Michael Hanna , an analyst at the Century Foundation , thinks it was the latter . "  Over the past several months , they saw that the political climate had shifted in their favor and consequently regained their confidence , " he said . "  They knew the revolutionaries had lost support on the streets and were viewed negatively , so they seized the opportunity . " Many Egyptians still feel the military is something to be proud of , a sentiment shared especially among the poor who are more concerned that Egypt becomes stable and they can provide for their families . In the Upper Egyptian rural governorate of Asyut , home to many young people who have served in the military , factory worker Mohammed Nour , 23 , praised the military . "  The military and the people are still one hand , " he said . "  The military alone can save Egypt and make us one of the greatest countries in the world . " Meanwhile , secular pro-democracy activists who took to Tahrir Square last year are wringing their hands . The very democratic structure they dreamed of appears to have withered in part because they developed no unifying ideology . They appeared to have no plan for a post-Mubarak Egypt . They failed to get solidly behind a single presidential candidate , not least because several possible contenders were disqualified . Mahmoud Salem , a popular blogger who has journaled the revolution and goes by the name Sandmonkey , said the pro-democracy movement has itself to blame . "  You successfully dethrone a tyrant , and you have neither plan nor vision on what to do afterwards , and no real understanding of the regime itself , " he posted . But he also criticized reformers who voted for the Muslim Brotherhood 's presidential candidate simply because he was not the "  counter-revolutionary . " "  Our revolution called for a civil state : nonreligious , nonmilitary , and this guy will try to form a religious military state , " Salem wrote about Morsi . Cook said he believes that the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces wo n't be swayed by reaction from the United States . The United States gives $ 1.3 billion in annual aid to Egypt , an amount second only to aid the United States provides to Israel . "  The question is , Does anyone in Cairo care ? " he said . "  The answer is yes and no . It is clear that the -LSB- top military commander and de facto leader of Egypt -RSB- Field Marshal -LSB- Mohamad -RSB- Tantawi and his colleagues are giving far more weight to their domestic interests than the potential consequences with the United States . " But a note from U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta to Tantawi to "  ensure a full and peaceful transition to democracy " appears to have fallen on deaf ears . Cook wrote the recent book , "  The Struggle for Egypt : From Nasser to Tahrir Square , " chronicling the influence of the military in Egyptian national politics . Cook said the level of aid has been static since the early 1980s . "  Historically , the military aid program was intended to help secure peace between Egypt and Israel , establish an ally that could be an asset for military contingencies in the Gulf and be a partner to prevent Soviet penetration of the region , " he said . "  Now , we are basically paying for access to airspace and transit through the Suez Canal . " "  Now is n't the time to publicly threaten to end U.S. aid , in the midst of an extremely volatile and fluid situation , " Lynch said . "  But it is the time to forcefully convey to the SCAF privately that the transfer to civilian rule really does matter to the U.S. " Shadi Hamid , research director at the Brookings Doha Center , disagreed . "  The U.S. has to show that it 's on the side of Egyptian democracy and willing to stand up for it publicly , " he said . "  Frankly it has to undo damage . Obama 's policy toward the Arab Spring has been completely reactive . We wait until something disastrous happens when we should have anticipated it months ago . " The political chaos and an ever worsening economy appears to have induced a sense of resignation among Egyptians . The turnout in Sunday 's run-off vote and the prospect of the Muslim Brotherhood joining forces with secular activists in defense of democracy seems remote . Some secularists even take solace from the dissolution of the parliament , thinking they may do better in fresh elections . But that should n't be confused with stability , warns Lynch . If Shafik is declared the victor , "  he will preside over a country in economic collapse , with little prospect of restoring investor confidence any time soon . " Mahmoud Salem , aka Sandmoney , said the pro-democracy movement must start over . "  Do something except running around from demonstration to march to sit-in , " he wrote . "  Real street work means that the street you live in knows you and trusts you , and will move with you , because you help them and care for them , not because you want to achieve some lofty notions you read about in a book . " But with a people more exhausted than incensed by 18 months of uncertainty , finding the determination for another uprising wo n't come easily . Fast facts on the life of Hosni Mubarak CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Experts : The "  constitutional coup " in Egypt has serious implications for democracy there Generals neutered civilian authority , gave themselves unprecedented power The move called into question whether Tahrir Square uprising really made Egypt more open
CNN  -- Changing winter conditions are causing Scotland 's wild Soay sheep to get smaller , according to a study that suggests climate change can trump natural selection . Ca n't see me now : Climate change could be shrinking Soay sheep in Scotland . The authors of the study published in "  Science " believe that it highlights how wide-ranging the effects of global climate change can be , adding further complexity to the changes we might expect to see in animal populations in future . "  It 's only in the last few years that we 've realized that evolution can influence species ' physical traits as quickly as ecological changes can . This study addresses one of the major goals of population biology , namely to untangle the ways in which evolutionary and environmental changes influence a species ' traits , " said Andrew Sugden , deputy and international managing editor at Science . The researchers analyzed body-weight measurements and life-history data for the female members of a population of Soay sheep . The sheep live on the island of Hirta in the St. Kilda archipelago of Scotland and have been studied closely since 1985 . They selected body size because it is a heritable trait , and because the sheep have , on average , been decreasing in size for the last 25 years . According to the findings lambs are not growing as quickly as they once did as winters have become shorter so do not need to put on as much as weight in the first months of life to survive . The results suggest that the decrease is primarily an ecological response to environmental variation over the last 25 years . Evolutionary change , the report says , has contributed relatively little . "  Sheep are getting smaller . Well , at least the wild Soay sheep living on a remote Scottish island are . But according to classic evolutionary theory , they should have been getting bigger , because larger sheep tend to be more likely to survive and reproduce than smaller ones , and offspring tend to resemble their parents , " said study author Tim Coulson of Imperial College London . "  Our findings have solved a paradox that has tormented biologists for years -- why predictions did not match observation . Biologists have realized that ecological and evolutionary processes are intricately intertwined , and they now have a way of dissecting out the contribution of each . Unfortunately it is too early to tell whether a warming world will lead to pocket-sized sheep , " said Coulson .	Study of wild sheep in Scotland suggests climate change making them smaller Authors of report suggest that climate change can override natural selection Wild Soay sheep in remote Outer Hebrides closely studied since 1985
CNN  -- A whole lot of us are stuck with credit-card debt that goes up each month , mortgages worth more than our homes and student loans that extend into infinity . So it 's only natural that we look at the debt crisis from the bottom up : from the perspective of the 99 % who are getting screwed . But what if we instead looked at this whole mess from the top down , from the point of view of the 1 % : the billionaires and venture capitalists in Mitt Romney 's world ? Maybe , just maybe , their problem is our problem . In fact , as I have come to see it , short of civilization-ending revolution , solving the debt crisis might actually mean saving the 1 % . They have the power and the money , they own our government , and they wo n't go down without taking everyone and everything else with them . Instead of backing them even further into the corner of fear and defensiveness , we need to help them find a way out . And that means helping them understand how they got there . The debt crisis is not entirely President Bush 's or President Obama 's fault . It 's not even Congress ' fault . It actually resulted from a short-term "  fix " to the economy made about 700 years ago . See , for pretty much the entire first millennium -- what we call the Middle Ages -- the 00.01 % , the feudal lords , enjoyed total control over the land and its people . The 99.99 % worked the land and served the lords , who created no value at all . But by around 1100 , the Crusades moved a whole lot of people and stuff around Europe . Peasants were exposed to sugar , cotton and all sorts of new weaving and milling technologies for the first time . Former peasant farmers started to get smarter and more productive . They established market days and traded what they grew and made with one another . They invented local currencies to store and exchange value instead of bartering . Local currency then worked very differently from the money we use today . Someone would simply bring grain they harvested to the grain store , and come out with a foil receipt . The receipt could be broken into smaller pieces , which served as money . Since some grain was lost to spoilage , the currency 's value went down over time . This meant it had to be spent instead of saved . So the money circulated very rapidly . People got wealthy , invested in upkeep on their windmills , paid one another good wages , and got taller . Little towns got so rich that they built cathedrals . That 's how a peer-to-peer economy works . Watch : "  Pawning " for rich people But the aristocrats were n't participating in any of this wealth . Without a dependent peasant class , they had no way to survive . They did n't know how to do anything themselves . They needed a way to make money simply by having money . So they came up with some ways to force new kinds of dependence . Their first trick was to outlaw local currency . If people wanted to trade among themselves , they would have to borrow money from the central treasury , with interest . Wars were fought , blood was spilled , but they got their way . We have all but forgotten that the money we use today is a monopoly currency that costs us more than it 's worth . The second great idea was the chartered monopoly : the corporation . It gave just one firm -- one friend of the king -- the authority to do business in a certain industry . The British East India Trading Company , for example , had all rights to cotton in America . A farmer was n't permitted to sell his cotton to neighbors , or to make it into anything . He had to sell it at fixed prices to the company , which shipped it to England and let some other chartered corporation make mittens and hats , which were then shipped back to America for sale . That 's why we fought the Revolution . The problem with this scheme is that it works by stifling innovation and competition . The wealthy stay wealthy by extracting value instead of creating it . The more value they extract , the more laws they write protecting the rights and privileges of the extractors . As companies like General Electric realized , it was better to sell off productive assets and become more like a bank . The system was created for people who have money to make money . The value creators are the chumps . The most surprising victims in this whole saga , however , are the corporations themselves . You think you 're scared ? Talk to the heads of America 's corporations . They have sucked all the money out of the system , and do n't know how to create any more . According to Deloitte , asset profitability for American firms has steadily fallen 75 % over the last 40 years . In other words , corporations have managed to absorb all the money , but they do n't know how to do anything with it . They have no skills , no competencies and no vision . It 's not the 99 % who need to retrain themselves in order to get jobs . It 's the 1 % who need to face the fact that their 600-year workaround of the value creation has reached the very endpoint of diminishing returns . They need to consider whether they might actually make more money at this stage of the game by helping people create value instead of actively preventing it . What would that look like ? Right now , companies like Google , eBay , Square , Kickstarter and even PayPal and Apple are at least pointed in the right direction . They create and sell tools and services that give people and small businesses the ability to create and exchange value with one another again . They understand that real value creation comes by fostering the peer-to-peer transactions of a bottom-up marketplace rather than simply repressing such activity . But we , the 99 % , are the only ones who can show them the way . We need to begin by abandoning the fruitless quest for gainful corporate employment , and instead start working for ourselves and one another . We must stop outsourcing our savings and investments to bankrupt corporations , and instead invest in the people and businesses in our own communities -- however we define those . In doing so , we will very quickly create demand for the kinds of networks , supply chains and services that only larger companies can provide . We will give the 1 % an opportunity to re-educate themselves , to find a path to success , and -- for the first time in centuries -- to experience the guilt-free satisfaction of working for a living . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff says the richest people tend to make money from finance He says historically , aristocracy took control from peasants of currency and its value Over time , they learned how to extract value and forgot how to create it , he says Rushkoff : The 1 % could play a key role in new ways of creating value
For many millions of years , the oceans have been filled with the sounds of a geologically and biologically active planet : waves , rain , earthquakes and the songs of life from snapping shrimp to great whales . Before the age of engine-driven ships , the resounding voices of the great whales could be heard across an ocean . Today , in much of the Northern Hemisphere , commercial shipping clouds the marine acoustic environment with fog banks of noise , and the near continuous pounding of seismic airguns in search of fossil fuels beneath the seafloor thunder throughout the waters . In the ocean 's very quietest moments , blue whales singing off the Grand Banks of Canada can sometimes be heard more than 1,500 miles away off the coast of Puerto Rico . But on most days , that distance is a mere 50 to 100 miles . So why should we care ? Over the past decade , scientists who study noise in the ocean have tried to understand how loud , man-made sounds disturb or injure whales and other marine mammals , even driving some to strand on beaches and die . It is time for us to focus on the more pernicious influence of chronic , large-scale noise on marine life . Whales , dolphins and seals use sounds to communicate , navigate , find food and detect predators . The rising level of cumulative noise from energy exploration , offshore development and commercial shipping is a constant disruption on their social networks . For life in today 's ocean , the basic activities that we depend on for our lives on land are being eroded by the increasing amount of human noise beneath the waves . These stark realities are worrying . But emerging technologies for quantifying and visualizing the effects of noise pollution can help drive a paradigm shift in how we perceive , monitor , manage and mitigate human sounds in the ocean . Ocean noise is a global problem , but the U.S. should step up and lead the way . First , we must extend fledgling efforts to fully comprehend the acoustic footprint of our offshore and coastal activities . As a nation , we are failing the oceans by lacking a sufficiently effective program for listening to them . The U.S. should develop and maintain dedicated undersea acoustic monitoring networks as integral parts of ocean observing systems . This would be lead by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  and enabled through private and academic partnerships . Such a plan has been developed ; now it should be implemented . Second , we should encourage and accelerate the development of noise-reduction technologies . Thanks to proactive collaborations among industries , scientists , environmentalists and government officials , efforts are underway within the U.N. 's International Maritime Organization to develop quieting technologies for the most pervasive global noise source : large commercial ships . These and related technologies for reducing noise in oil exploration and marine construction should be standardized . Finally , federal regulation on ocean noise must be changed . For decades , regulators have focused entirely on the short-term effects of one action at a time . A more holistic and biologically relevant risk assessment system , centered on the concepts of ocean acoustic habitats and ecosystems , is sorely needed . Emerging trends in marine spatial planning are encouraging signs , as is NOAA 's support of two groups that are developing geospatial tools for mapping underwater noise and marine mammal distributions in U.S. waters . The loss of acoustic habitats for marine species that rely on sound to live and prosper is increasing . Solutions are available . The question is whether we humans value and will invest in a healthy ocean ecosystem that supports life , and in doing so , sustain our own health and future . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter	Commercial shipping , other man-made sounds cause injury or death to marine life Whales , dolphins and seals use sounds to communicate , find food and detect predators Christopher W. Clark , Brandon Southall : U.S. needs to combat the problem of ocean noise They say having a healthy ocean ecosystem will help humans sustain our own future
CNN  -- Former NBC news anchor Tom Brokaw is being treated for cancer , but doctors are very encouraged by the progress he is making , NBC said Tuesday . Brokaw , 74 , was "  diagnosed with multiple myeloma , a cancer affecting blood cells in the bone marrow , in August at the Mayo Clinic , " the network said . "  His doctors are optimistic about the outcome of the treatment he is receiving , and Brokaw said he remains ` the luckiest guy I know , ' " it said . Brokaw sat in the anchor chair of the "  NBC Nightly News " from 1982 until he stepped aside in 2004 to serve as a special correspondent for the network . He joined NBC as a reporter in 1966 . "  Throughout the treatment , Brokaw has continued to work on NBC News projects , including a two-hour documentary on the assassination of JFK , appearances on ` TODAY , ' ` Nightly News with Brian Williams , ' ` Meet the Press ' and MSNBC , " the announcement said . "  He is also contributing to NBC Sports coverage of the Winter Olympics in Sochi . " Brokaw : Risks and rewards from warzone reporting The NBC release included a personal quote from Brokaw . "  With the exceptional support of my family , medical team and friends , I am very optimistic about the future and look forward to continuing my life , my work and adventures still to come , " he said . "  I remain the luckiest guy I know . " Brokaw said in a 2012 interview with CNN that the death of ABC news anchor Peter Jennings from lung cancer in 2005 "  really affirmed my decision " to retire . "  The line that you do n't know anybody near death who says ` Gee , I wish I had spent more time at the office , ' " he said . "  That 's kind of how I felt . I wanted to be free to do things that I care about , and not worry about whether or not it was a rating period or I have to rush back to the studio to be on air . " Leonard Nimoy diagnosed with lung disease	Brokaw was diagnosed with multiple myeloma in August , NBC says Brokaw says he remains "  the luckiest guy I know " He sat in the "  NBC Nightly News " anchor chair from 1982 until 2004
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Thursday night that it "  may be appropriate " for him to appoint a czar to lead his administration 's response to Ebola . "  It may make sense for us to have one person ... so that after this initial surge of activity , we can have a more regular process just to make sure that we 're crossing all the T 's and dotting all the I 's going forward , " Obama said . His comments to reporters in the Oval Office came after a meeting Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden , Homeland Security adviser Lisa Monaco and others . Obama pointed to those two as the leaders of the U.S. response to Ebola so far . He said they 've done an "  outstanding job " so far , but that with flu season coming and Homeland Security officials also involved in combatting ISIS , "  they also are responsible for a whole bunch of other stuff . " Obama also said he has no "  philosophical objection " to a ban on travel between West Africa and the United States . But said that doing so could make it tougher to determine whether passengers entering the United States from elsewhere had recently visited the region that 's at the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak . He said a "  flat-out travel ban is not the way to go " and that it 's less effective than other steps the United States has already taken . Some lawmakers have clamored in recent days for a travel ban , arguing that the United States should be able to track international passengers from the origins of their flights . "  You ought to look at at least immediately suspending visas for non-U.S. nationals , " GOP Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana told Obama administration officials at a House committee hearing Thursday .	Tom Frieden of the CDC and Lisa Monaco of Homeland Security have led effort so far President Barack Obama says flu season and ISIS will also demand their attention "  It may make sense for us to have one person " coordinating effort , Obama says Obama has no "  philosophical objection " to West Africa travel ban , but is n't leaning that way
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- The head of the German army has resigned after a news report that he knew civilians could be killed in a September airstrike in Afghanistan , Germany 's defense minister told Parliament Thursday . Gen. Wolfgang Schneiderhan , the army 's chief of staff , asked to be relieved of his duties following the report in Germany 's Bild newspaper , said German Defense Minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg . The Sept. 4 NATO airstrike in the northern province of Kunduz killed at least 90 people . The German commander in the area called in the strike after Afghans tried to siphon fuel from two tankers hijacked by the Taliban a day earlier . The fuel had been earmarked for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . Local Afghan officials said at least half of those killed were civilians , and NATO acknowledged soon afterward that civilians had been killed . NATO and Afghan officials launched an investigation , the results of which are still classified , ISAF told CNN Thursday . Bild , which said it had access to confidential documents and posted a video of the airstrike on its Web site , reported that German Colonel Georg Klein was not able to rule out the possibility of civilian victims before he ordered the strike . Bild said a report dated September 6 -- two days after the strike -- made clear that it was impossible for Klein to verify information his informant had provided before he called in the airstrike . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	General Wolfgang Schneiderhahn asks to be relieved of his duties Bild claims German army chief knew civilians could be killed in airstrike At least 90 killed -- many believed to be civilians -- in September airstrike NATO , Afghan officials investigating airstrike but results still classified
Washington  CNN  -- Before leaving Washington to concentrate efforts on their re-election campaigns , U.S. senators voted Saturday to fund the federal government into 2013 and passed a measure asserting a tough stance towards Iran over its nuclear program . In a 62 to 30 vote in a session that stretched past midnight , the legislators approved the moneys necessary for government to function for the next six months and avoided a possible shutdown until early next year - thus forgoing any partisan funding standoff well past November 's election date . The bill will go to President Obama for its anticipated signature into law . In a bipartisan show of steadfastness on Iran , Senators passed a non-binding resolution - nearly unanimously - for the United States to pursue a policy other than containment , if necessary to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons . Senate Joint Resolution 41 advises that time is running out on diplomacy , and it "  rejects any United States policy that would rely on efforts to contain a nuclear weapons-capable Iran . " The bill reflects and supports President Obama 's existing stance . It passed with only one vote against it , that of Republican Senator Rand Paul from Kentucky . "  A vote for this resolution is a vote for the concept of preemptive war , " Paul objected in his arguments before the Senate preceding the roll call ballot . The bill text ended with the statement : "  Nothing in this resolution shall be construed as an authorization for the use of force or a declaration of war . " Paul found himself at odds with Senators from both parties a second time in the late-night session , when legislators from both parties in a 81 to 10 vote handily rejected a bill , which the Kentucky senator had sponsored , to strip perceived uncooperative Islamic countries of U.S. foreign aid . Under the measure , Egypt , Libya and Pakistan -- nations Paul argues have not been willing partners in the war on terror -- would have lost American support . Several Republican senators had spoken out against Paul 's measure saying now is not the time to take the funds from countries with nascent governments that could be important partners with the United States in the future .	Senate votes to fund the federal government into 2012 , putting off any possible shutdown Senators pass a bipartisan resolution on Iran with only one dissenting vote Only Kentucky Senator Rand Paul votes against the Iran resolution Senate votes down handily Paul 's proposal to strip U.S. aid to Egypt , Libya and Pakistan
Sao Paulo  CNN  -- Brazil ¹ s Congress postponed a vote on Tuesday on a controversial forest code , which has pitted farmers and ranchers against environmentalists . According to state-run Agencia Brasil , the vote was rescheduled for next Tuesday so the government can try to secure support for the current text . Lawmakers are still sharply divided , with the rural lobby in Congress demanding more protection for farmers who have cleared land and environmentalists accusing the government of repealing landmark laws . Over the past decade , Brazil has cracked down on clear-cutting , especially in the biodiverse Amazon rain forest , reducing the rate of deforestation by 80 % . Environmentalists are concerned that some of those gains could be threatened if the new legislation is passed . The bill eases limits on deforestation and extends an amnesty to some developers who cut down trees illegally in the past . Still , it is more eco-friendly than an earlier version of the bill that was supported by the rural lobby in Brazil ¹ s Congress . The Amazon rain forest covers a huge area , roughly half as large as the United States , with about 60 % of it in Brazil . It is estimated that nearly a fifth of the Brazilian forest has been lost since 1970 . Initially cleared by loggers , much of it was turned into pastures and farmlands as Brazil went from being a food importer to a global agricultural powerhouse .	Brazil ¹ s Congress postpones vote on controversial forest code for a week Rural lobby in Brazil 's Congress is demanding more protection for farmers Environmentalists are concerned ecological gains could be threatened Amazon rain forest is huge -- roughly half as large as the United States
