CNN  -- Six-year-old Falcon Heene was cowering inside the attic above his family 's garage . Falcon Heene , to the left of his father Richard , said he was yelled at earlier in day for playing in balloon . He had gotten in trouble several hours earlier for playing inside the family 's homemade helium balloon and told his 10-year-old brother Bradford that he planned to sneak inside . Richard Heene , the boys ' father , had walked away for just a minute when the tether became undone , causing the balloon to begin floating miles above the house , he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer as he sat next to his family on Thursday 's broadcast of "  Larry King Live . " It shocked the couple , who began arguing and screaming , trying to figure out what happened . The balloon -- a family experiment for the couple 's anniversary -- was not supposed to go higher than 20 feet above the ground , Mayumi Heene said . The eventual goal , her husband said , was for the balloon to hover over the ground and help ease commutes . But as the balloon continued to drift higher and further out of sight , the family 's worries grew . Watch the family describe how balloon ordeal unfolded " As police , the National Guard and the media scrambled to figure out what happened , Falcon ran into the attic above the garage . "  The reason why I went up there -- my dad yelled at me , " Falcon Heene said . "  He did n't want me to play in the flying saucer . " His parents , meanwhile , frantically searched anywhere they could think of . "  We searched any place , even small drawers , " Mayumi Heene said . "  We searched his friends ' houses . ... We went through any possible place . " Falcon , meanwhile , was playing inside a box in the attic . His parents shouted his name as they ran through the house . "  Uh-huh , " the boy said , when asked whether he heard them . His parents both appeared surprised and asked why he did n't come out . "  You guys said we did this for the show , " the boy said . When his father was pressed about what his son meant , he became uncomfortable , finally saying he was "  appalled " by the question . He added Falcon was likely referring to all the media coverage . Authorities say they believe the case was genuine . Watch Richard Heene react to son 's comment " Richard Heene said his family grew even more frantic after they could n't find him in the house . They thought he was inside the balloon or had fallen out at one point . Then , as millions worldwide watched , the balloon touched down . "  They said he was n't in there , " Richard Heene said as he began to tear up . "  You know , I just kind of lost it at that point . " They knew he was n't aboard the balloon , but speculation grew that Falcon may have been inside a separate basket that was attached at the bottom . Fearful , the family gathered in house , trying to gain their composure . "  We were sitting on the couch , -LSB- and -RSB- some of the folks were in the room trying to help us calm our nerves , " Richard Heene said . "  And my wife , I heard her scream . Falcon came around the corner . I dropped to my knees . I screamed , you know , here he is . He is safe . And he 's alive . It was a great moment . " Richard Heene said his son Falcon has done things like this before -- just not on such a grand scale . "  Whenever we tell him things like , you know , it 's a bad thing to do , he does go and hide , " he said . He said that he normally knows his kid 's hiding spots , but not this time . "  He scared the daylights out of us , " Richard Heene said . After a couple of hours of time to cool down , he sat down and talked with his son . "  I just asked him to please never do that again . "	Falcon Heene said he went in attic because he had gotten in trouble earlier Dad said he "  lost it " when he saw balloon land without his son inside Family searched small drawers , friends ' houses in case he was hiding "  I dropped to my knees , " father said when boy emerged from attic
CNN  -- So your daughter will just die if she does n't wear a princess costume for Halloween ? And of course it has to be pink . And every little girl you know wants to be a princess for Halloween , except for the neighborhood tomboy down the street ? Is this desire to be a princess hardwired ? Do girls just come that way , wanting to look pretty in pastels ? And does this explain why teenage and adult women are drawn to "  feminine " careers , and likely to be less competitive in sports and at work than their male counterparts ? That 's what some research scientists think . They argue that differences between boys and girls are in large part because of variations in hormonal levels during gestation , and thus begin before birth . On average , fetuses that become girls are exposed to less testosterone in the womb than those destined to be boys . Lower exposure to testosterone , some scientists claim , makes girls more passive and less adventurous than boys , and more interested in dressing up , looking nice and pleasing others . These scientists admit that some girls embrace a much wider range of interests and behaviors than those that are stereotypically "  feminine . " But they argue that such girls were exposed to higher levels of testosterone in the womb . The bottom line , according to this school of thought , is that it does n't much matter how parents raise girls . Their paths are predetermined before birth . There 's little point in giving girls gender-neutral toys or encouraging them to think beyond their wedding day . Most girls will naturally gravitate toward pink princess dresses and white wedding dress fantasies , and most women will avoid traditionally "  masculine " activities and aspirations . We had a unique opportunity to test this theory by analyzing data that followed 342 women for more than three decades , from when they were still in their mother 's womb as fetuses until adulthood . We had measures of how much testosterone each woman had been exposed to in the womb . We also had measures of the kinds of messages the girls had received from their parents . They had answered questionnaires over the years where they described whether their parents had pushed them toward feminine activities or encouraged them to play with a range of toys , including those traditionally viewed as masculine . We found that the level of testosterone exposure in utero did have a small effect on how adult women described their personalities . On average , women exposed to more testosterone reported being less passive and were more likely to exhibit "  go-getter " personalities . But this only explained about 4 % of the differences in the adult women 's personalities . Far more important , indeed two to three times as important , was what parents had encouraged their daughters to do and be . Women who were more assertive and confident as adults were much more likely to report that their parents had encouraged them to be active and independent . So , by all means , let your daughter be a princess this Halloween if she insists . But also let her know how powerful she looks as a Hunger Games rebel leader , a warrior queen , a pirate captain , or even a ninja , because our research suggests that what you say now will have a powerful effect on the options your daughter will envision for herself later in life . And if she just has to have that pink dress , just remember that less than 100 years ago , many people thought blue was a more appropriate color for girls than pink , because pink was perilously close to red -- a strong , passionate , and yes , masculine color .	Risman , Davis : Are girls hardwired to want pink princess Halloween costumes ? They say some scientists think lower testosterone in utero makes girls passive , "  girly " Their own study shows the testosterone has less affect than messages from parents Writers : Girls encouraged by parents to be independent , active became assertive women
CNN  -- Driver 's licenses and other state benefits are at the heart of a new battle in the national immigration debate . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer fired the opening salvo last week , on the same day that federal authorities began accepting applications for a program aimed at helping tens of thousands of young immigrants who entered the country illegally as children . Brewer ordered officials in her state not to provide driver 's licenses or any other benefits to immigrants granted "  deferred status " under the new federal program , which allows accepted applicants to remain in the United States and work without fear of deportation for at least two years . Undocumented immigrants take chance of a lifetime "  A lot of these issues are in uncharted waters . In this particular area , which is how do you treat people that are deferred action , there 's very little legal precedent to go by , " said Muzaffar Chishti , director of the Migration Policy Institute 's office at the New York University School of Law . "  States are making their own judgments . " That means the actual benefits recipients see could depend on where they live . Governors in Nebraska and Texas have already followed Brewer 's lead . "  The state of Nebraska will continue its practice of not issuing driver 's licenses , welfare benefits or other public benefits to illegal immigrants unless specifically authorized by Nebraska statute , " Gov. Dave Heineman said Friday . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has said that the federal immigration "  directive does not undermine or change our state laws , " writing in a letter to the state 's attorney general that the federal guidelines "  confer absolutely no legal status whatsoever " on any immigrant who qualifies . But California is moving toward granting licenses to the influx of undocumented immigrants expected to take advantage of the federal policy , as is Oregon . "  We 're still trying to sort out what this new limbo category means for states , " said Ann Morse , program director of the Immigrant Policy Project at the National Conference of State Legislatures . Under the new policy , people younger than 30 who arrived in the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military , can get a two-year deferral from deportation and apply for work permits . A memo outlining the Obama administration 's policy states that the program does not grant legal status . But it does provide for a work permit and , presumably , the benefits that come with it . The policy does n't grant "  legal status , " but does give "  legal presence , " Morse said . State authorities , she said , are struggling to answer a key question : "  What do these two terms mean , and how do they intersect ? " Undocumented immigrants line up for relief from deportation For Brewer , Heineman and Perry , the two do n't intersect . "  If lawful status is required to receive a benefit , an individual will need to seek lawful status , not deferred action , " Perry spokeswoman Lucy Nashed said . So if undocumented immigrants in their states could n't get licenses before , they ca n't get them now , since the legal status of the immigrants has not changed , their argument goes . In some states , a work visa could be enough to establish legal presence and receive a driver 's license , said Ian Grossman , vice president of the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators . The topic has been coming up for many state officials , he said . "  They 're definitely talking about it . The consensus is that well , we have our rules of who 's eligible for a license , " he said . "  At the end of the day , it 's a state-issued document , and the state has the authority to determine who is eligible for that document . " But in every state , the statutes determining those rules are different . "  It 's too early to qualify or really predict what the impact may or may not be , " he said . Even in some states that have passed strong anti-illegal immigration laws , such as Georgia , driver 's licenses may be available to undocumented immigrants who qualify under the new policy . Under current Georgia law , people with deferred status can get a license , and that 's what the state will do unless it gets different orders , said Susan Sports , spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Driver Services . "  We 're waiting for direction , " she said . The situation could be even more complicated when it comes to university tuition . Policies in different states vary , from barring undocumented immigrants from enrolling at all , to granting them in-state tuition . In Georgia , the tuition rules are not mandated by law , but by university regents , said Charles Kuck , an immigration attorney in Atlanta . Once these new young immigrants are able to get Social Security numbers and driver 's licenses , they may qualify for more benefits , he said . 5 things to know about the big change in immigration policy States such as Arizona can not discriminate against the new deferred action holders , and will eventually have to relent , Kuck argued . Immigration lawyers are aware of the driver 's license issue , but are more focused right now on helping immigrants apply to the deferred action program , said Carlina Tapia-Ruano , former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association . "  Once applicants are approved , we will then as a group turn our attention to how to resolve this problem , " the Chicago-based immigration attorney said . "  Our concern  now  is not can you get a driver 's license . Our concern is how can we get you qualified to get a work permit . " But battle lines are already being drawn in the latest war between the states and the federal government on immigration legislation , said Chishti of the Migration Policy Institute . "  States that have chosen to be welcoming towards immigrants will embrace this program through their state policies , and states that have been somewhat restrictive toward immigration and immigrants will see this as a new occasion to restrict state benefits from these programs , " he said . U.S. Department of Homeland Security spokesman Peter Boogaard said that the agency "  does n't comment on state specific matters . " Faces of hope line up for two more years in the U.S. . But he noted , in a written statement , that the department 's deferred action program "  is only a temporary measure . " "  Congress must still act to provide a permanent solution to fix the broken immigration system , " he said . "  Until Congress acts , DHS is dedicated to implementing smart , effective reforms to the immigration system that allow it to focus its resources on common sense enforcement priorities , including criminals and other public safety threats . " In her executive order last week , Brewer said giving deferred action recipients "  improper access " to state and local benefits would "  have significant and lasting impacts on the Arizona budget , its health care system and additional public benefits that Arizona taxpayers fund . " Critics have slammed the Arizona governor 's approach . "  Brewer is distorting federal law and inaccurately interpreting state law , " Alessandra Soler , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , said in a statement . "  This order conflicts with state and federal law , because people who are granted deferred action will , in fact , have authorized presence in the United States . " Governors in Arizona , Nebraska and Texas are "  shooting their economies right in the foot , " said Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum . "  If this political grandstanding is successful , what will happen is that job creators wo n't be able to drive to the small business they want to start , and this new class of taxpayers will be kept from contributing to their states , " said Noorani . "  At the state level , we 're going to watch this very closely . " Chishti , of the Migration Policy Institute , said the battle could end up in the halls of state legislatures -- or at the U.S. Supreme Court . Court blocks provisions in immigration laws , lets some controversial ones stand	Arizona 's governor : Immigrants granted "  deferred status " ca n't get driver 's licenses Official : "  We 're still trying to find out what this new limbo category means for states " Analyst : "  A lot of these issues are in uncharted waters " The benefits recipients see could depend on where they live
CNN  A small drone crashed onto the White House grounds on Monday . Described as a 2-foot-long quadcopter -- a drone with four propellers -- the event raises some troubling questions about the possibility that terrorists using armed drones could one day attack the White House or other tightly guarded U.S. government locations . The White House incident occurred the same day a CIA drone strike was launched in Yemen , the first such strike in almost two months , following the Yemeni government being forced out of office last week . This indicates that the CIA drone program is still moving forward despite the instability in Yemen . Not so long ago , launching a U.S. strike on the other side of the world with an armed drone would have been something from science fiction . Before 9/11 , the United States had only a handful of experimental drones that had never been used to kill anyone . Today , there are at least 7,000 drones in the U.S. arsenal , more than 200 of which are armed drones that have killed thousands of people . This large American fleet of drones is a harbinger of an important trend . Armed drones will likely prove as important to the future of warfare as tanks were during World War II . We can , of course , expect to see them used not only by the United States , but also by other countries such as China and Russia that are jumping into the production of armed drones . But we will also see them being used by terrorist groups . A harbinger of this was Hezbollah , the militant Shiite group based in Lebanon , that in September reportedly used drones to bomb a building in neighboring Syria used by the al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front . The drone attack killed a number of militants . Iran is the key sponsor for Hezbollah and has plausibly claimed for the past several years to have manufactured armed drones . Hezbollah 's use of drones marked a milestone for terrorist groups worldwide : It would be the first time a terrorist group used armed drones successfully to carry out an attack . That said , it will likely be many years before other countries or terrorist groups are able to build up the capacity that the United States has to carry out lethal drone strikes . After all , the United States has had drone bases in countries such as Afghanistan , Djibouti and Saudi Arabia . And it is n't as easy as some might think to arm a drone . Such weapons systems require specific electrical engineering : The wings must be reinforced for the aircraft to sustain the force of launching a missile ; the drone must be equipped with fire control systems and built-in mounting brackets are needed to attach munitions to the vehicle . Still , even with these inherent limitations , the drone industry thrives , and more companies and nations continue to jump on board the drone bandwagon . According to a count by New America , some 80 countries have some kind of drone capability , but few of them have succeeded in arming their drones . The United States ' aggressive and secretive drone campaign against al Qaeda and its affiliates in countries such as Yemen appears to be setting a powerful international precedent about the use of armed drones . Despite this fact , there has been virtually no substantive public discussion about what an international legal framework governing such drone attacks should be among policymakers at the international level . It 's long past due for that conversation to happen . Perhaps a drone landing inside the White House perimeter will help precipitate a wider discussion about how we might prevent a future drone flying into the White House grounds , one that might actually be armed .	A drone crashed Monday on White House grounds Peter Bergen : American fleet of drones a harbinger of an important trend
CNN  -- Pain , pain and more pain . Amy Williams is an expert in discomfort . Plagued by a chronic knee complaint , the 31-year-old has had numerous epidural injections to soothe three swollen vertebrae and she suffers almost constant sciatica . Not to mention the degenerative disc in her neck . These injuries are legacy of a death-defying decade in skeleton racing -- 10 years of hurling herself headfirst down an icy track in pursuit of golden glory has come at a cost . "  I 'm pretty much broken between my back and my knees , " says the Briton , who won gold at the Vancouver 2010 Winter Games . "  I got to the point where I was so blinkered and obsessed by winning a medal that I put all of the physical pain to one side . "  After winning gold suddenly that pain that had been with me for years and years became too much . "  I thought , ` That 's enough now . ' " Images : Olympic torch leaves Earth Nearly four years after that career-defining success , and despite physical complaints which would halt even the most relentless athlete , Williams is back in search of a new adrenaline rush as she pushes against the pain barrier . Instead of being in a final buildup to February 's Winter Olympics in Sochi , she 's now in the passenger seat of a Mitsubishi rally car , preparing for a new white-knuckle ride . Williams will co-drive for veteran compatriot Tony Jardine at this weekend 's final round of the World Rally Championships in Wales . "  I 've enjoyed getting in the car and the thrill you get from it , it 's definitely replaced something I 've lost since retiring from skeleton , " she told CNN . "  It 's physically not the same demands on your body , so that suits me . " Rallying is a discipline in which competitors traverse public and private roads at breakneck speeds . While the driver is straining to keep the car on course , the co-driver navigates from point-to-point along a route littered with twists and turns . There are spectators in close proximity and the threat of a high-speed collision is never far away . "  I 've surprised myself not being more nervous , " confessed Williams . "  Certainly the skills I had in skeleton and being a world-class athlete has definitely transferred into the rallying . " Jardine is a rally veteran who has enjoyed a career as a respected motorsport broadcaster and television pundit . It was TV which prompted him to contact Williams when the 61-year-old saw her co-driving during an appearance on a British comedy show . Not that her new role is one to be taken lightly . The co-driver , as well as being an unofficial team manager and timekeeper , is responsible for memorizing the route and relaying exact instructions . The driver must trust his partner implicitly . "  I 've been thrown in at the deep end , " continued Williams , who only obtained her license to compete this weekend after completing a series of minor rallies across the UK . "  It 's quite a mind-boggling amount of information I 'm being given each rally . So it 's been really tough , a lot tougher than I thought , physical and mentally . "  I 've been very lucky that I 've not been anxious or worried or put off by the speed of the car , whereas I guess most people would be . "  Tony has put a lot into me and you feel a pressure to perform . We 've given ourselves a big challenge to complete in Wales . " Compared to other divisions of motorsport such as Formula One and MotoGP , rallying can appear lacking in glamor . Think muddy puddles rather than perfectly preened pit girls . And while the likes of F1 champion Sebastian Vettel and MotoGP prodigy Marc Marquez bask in the limelight , rallying 's stars rarely occupy back-page column inches . This disparity irks Williams , especially when WRC boasts a champion as dominant as Sebastian Loeb -- the French master who has won the title in each of the last nine years . "  Rallying is not a sport you see on the back pages all of the time but they 're such skilled drivers , " she said . "  The teamwork between the co-driver and the driver is incredible . I really admire that and I think it 's a shame it 's not out there as something everyone knows of . " Skeleton is another sport which rarely commands media attention , but , between 2002 and 2010 , it demanded Williams ' complete concentration . And eight years after first attempting the event at a push-start facility in Bath , England , Williams was stood at the top of the podium . Not that her journey was all smooth sliding . Williams missed out on a spot at the 2006 Winter Games in Turin to compatriot Shelley Rudman , who went on to clinch a silver medal . Four years of fierce dedication followed and the result was a gold medal for which her body is still paying the price . While she is pleased to be heading to Russia 's first Winter Games as a broadcaster , Williams fully expects to feel pangs of regret once the Olympic cauldron is officially lit . "  Emotionally I might find going to Sochi very tough , " she said . "  There is still a big part of me that would love to compete . I still feel that I could definitely get another Olympic medal , but I had to listen to what my body was telling me . "  I listened to the sports doctors and they were telling me to retire years ago . So that 's why I 've stopped . " So for now , rallying has sated Williams ' competitive appetite . In the future , however , she might have to take to the high seas to quench her thirst for adventure . "  I 've agreed to try to break the record for going around the world in a RIB  Rigid Inflatable Boat  , " said Williams . RIBs are most commonly used a rescue vessels and military boats . "  We 've got a lot of money to raise by the end of this year . If we get the correct amount of money , we 'll be setting sail in spring 2015 . " After conquering ice and land , mastering the world 's oceans would complete an impressive hat-trick for Williams .	Amy Williams has swapped skeleton racing for rally driving The Briton will co-driver at the final round of the World Rally Championship Williams won Britain 's first individual Winter Games gold medal at Vancouver 2010 The 31-year-old has set her sights on sailing around the world in inflatable vessel
CNN  -- After 75 long years , the United States ' national soccer team can finally celebrate a victory across its southern borders . The U.S. had drawn one and lost 23 of 24 previous matches in Mexico , but Michael Orozco Fiscal 's late goal in Wednesday 's friendly international was enough for a landmark success over the newly-crowned Olympic champions . Orozco Fiscal , who plays for Mexican club San Luis , netted from close range in the 80th minute to inflict just the ninth defeat for Mexico in 120 games at the Azteca Stadium . Mexico beat the U.S. 4-2 in last year 's Gold Cup final in Pasadena , after which former Germany international Klinsmann replaced Bob Bradley as coach . "  I think it 's huge , " head coach Jurgen Klinsmann told U.S. Soccer 's official website . "  It 's huge for all American fans and it 's huge for the team . It 's historic . "  We were well aware that we 've never won here at Azteca and this is an amazing experience for all the players . We told them before the game , ` This moment is for you , go and grab it . ' " Which clubs will win Europe 's big leagues ? The Americans ' triumph owed much to the performance of goalkeeper Tim Howard , who produced a string of saves , including an impressive late denial of striker Javier Hernandez . "  It 's a wonderful moment because winning a game against a very good Mexican team that we have a lot of respect for at the Azteca Stadium , that means a lot to us , " added Klinsmann . "  That was very difficult for us and Tim Howard made some unbelievable saves , and I 've said it many times over the last few years that he belongs to the top three goalkeepers in the world and he showed that tonight . " Defeat for Mexico comes off the back of an impressive run at the Olympic tournament , where the under-23 team upset the odds to defeat Brazil 2-1 in the London 2012 final on Saturday . None of the players involved played in Wednesday 's Mexico City game . Manchester United agree fee for Arsenal striker Van Persie "  I think it 's important for us to understand that we can compete with big teams at their stadiums , " said Klinsmann , whose team recorded a historic first win in Italy earlier this year and next face two World Cup qualifiers against Jamaica in September . "  It 's like when you play Wembley in England or Stade de France or in Berlin . Those are special occasions . I want the players to appreciate that . I want the players to take it all in because you never know when you 'll have another occasion like that . "  That 's what we told the players : You have nothing to lose here . Give it all you have . Can we play better ? Yes . Can we play technically cleaner ? Yes . " Elsewhere , Argentina registered a 3-1 win away to Euro 2012 semifinalists Germany with Lionel Messi scoring after missing a penalty in the Frankfurt contest . The Barcelona forward failed to convert a first-half spot kick after Germany goalkeeper Ron Robert Zieler had been sent off for hauling down Jose Ernesto Sosa . An own-goal from Sami Khedira gave Argentina the lead early in the second half , before Messi and winger Angel Di Maria put Alejandro Sabella 's team 3-0 up . Germany could only offer Benedikt Howedes ' late goal in response . Louis van Gaal began his second spell in charge of the Netherlands national team with a 4-2 defeat in Belgium , as Robin van Persie was omitted from the match-day squad . The striker , who is poised to join Manchester United after a fee was agreed with Arsenal that day , has lost his place to Klaas-Jan Huntelaar after struggling to impress at Euro 2012 . Christian Benteke gave Belgium a 1-0 lead in Brussels , before a first international goal for Luciano Narsingh and a Huntelaar strike put the Netherlands 2-1 ahead . But Van Gaal 's team collapsed in the final 15 minutes , with Dries Martens , striker Romelu Lukaku and defender Jan Vertonghen sealing a shock success for Belgium . In a rematch of the Euro 2012 quarterfinal , England turned the tables on Italy to register a 2-1 win in Switzerland . Fielding a much-changed team weeks after being beaten 4-0 by Spain in the tournament final , Italy took the lead through Daniele de Rossi 's first-half header . Defender Phil Jagielka equalized for Roy Hodgson 's team before substitute striker Jermain Defoe fired in a fine late winner . Former World Cup winner Didier Deschamps began his reign as France coach with a 0-0 draw against 2010 semifinalists Uruguay , while Vicente del Bosque 's Spain earned a 2-1 win in Puerto Rico . New Arsenal signing Santi Cazorla and former Gunner Cesc Fabregas gave the world and European champions a 2-0 lead before Marc Cintron scored a consolation goal for the Caribbean side .	The U.S. earn historic first win in Mexico thanks to Michael Orozco Fiscal 's late goal Argentina beat Germany 3-1 in Frankfurt as Lionel Messi scores and misses a penalty Louis van Gaal 's first game of his second spell as Dutch coach ends in defeat England beat Italy 2-1 in Switzerland while Spain win 2-1 against Puerto Rico
The Internet got its Christmas wish to #SaveBela . Bela is now being sent to live at a Utah animal sanctuary . The Indiana German shepherd tugged at collective heartstrings last week when it was revealed he could be euthanized due to a stipulation in his late owner 's will . But Bela will go to Best Friends Animal Society , the group revealed on its blog Tuesday . "  We are thrilled to announce that Bela has been released to Best Friends Animal Society and we are currently arranging his transport to our sanctuary in Kanab , Utah , " wrote Francis Battista , vice chair of Best Friends . People across the country learned of 9-year-old Bela 's story through media reports last week that emphasized a provision in the will of his owner , Connie Ley , that said the dog should be put to sleep and his ashes placed with Ley 's ashes if a suitable home could n't be found for Bela . The social media hashtag #SaveBela was born after the public expressed outrage at Ley 's request to put down a healthy dog . "  Add me to the list of people who would gladly adopt Bela and give her a happy home . Please #SaveBela from her dead owner 's stupidity , " one woman wrote . However Doug Denmure , Ley 's attorney , said outsiders did n't know the whole story . Before her death on November 25 , Ley worried that Bela 's aggressive behavior could pose a danger to other people . "  He could cause damage and inflict bodily harm on strangers , in particular , children , " Denmure told CNN affiliate WCPO-TV in Cincinnati . "  When  Ley  died , she died at her home and the dog was in there . No one could enter the house because they were concerned the dog would attack . " The dog was housed in a special kennel at PAWS of Dearborn County Humane Center in Lawrenceburg , Indiana , until a decision could be made . Ley 's will left the option to send Bela to the Utah animal sanctuary or to put him to sleep up to a close friend . Ley stated that if it was cost prohibitive or otherwise impossible to send the dog to the shelter , he should be put down and laid to rest with her , according to her attorney . "  Denmure and her designated friend , charged to decide what was best for Bela , were unaware of Best Friends experience in providing appropriate care for dogs like Bela , " Eric Rayvid , a shelter representative , told WCPO after it was revealed that the dog would be saved . Before the decision was reached , Denmure maintained that everything about Ley 's request was legal . "  The dog was being owned by my client and now it 's part of her estate , " he told WCPO . "  And those are her wishes , as far as the future of the dog is concerned . Outsiders do n't have the grounds to rewrite the provisions of my client 's will and impose what they want . " The case has raised ethical questions about how much control the deceased should have over the lives of their pets . "  On the whole , we do n't allow people to euthanize healthy pets , " said Edward Queen , a professor of ethics at Emory University . On the other hand , he said , it 's not uncommon for unwanted pets to be euthanized . "  As a matter of policy , do we really want people to control the life of a healthy pet on a whim ? " he pondered . "  Assuming the dog is healthy and will be cared for , I 'm not sure we want to encourage this . " Best Friends Animal Society said in its blog post that it 's time for a new hashtag : #BelaIsSafe -- but he is n't out of the woods yet . "  Of all those party to the unfolding events following Connie Ley 's passing , Bela has experienced the trauma of losing his life-long companion and his home . Our first priority is to do everything we can to make Bela 's life whole once again in keeping with Connie Ley 's wishes for her beloved dog . "	#SaveBela started after the public learned a healthy Indiana dog might be euthanized In her will , Bela 's late owner asked that the dog be put to sleep and laid to rest with her A Utah animal sanctuary has agreed to take the dog
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Seven months in the Los Angeles County jail have taken a physical toll on Conrad Murray , the doctor convicted in Michael Jackson 's death , his lawyer told CNN Monday . "  He looked horrible , " Attorney Valerie Wass said , describing a visit last week with Murray . "  I 've never seen him like that . I 'm shocked . " Word that Murray is suffering behind bars may be welcomed news to some Jackson fans who were angry that prosecutors charged him with involuntary manslaughter and not the more serious crime of murder . Murray , 59 , has been in jail since November when he was found guilty . He must serve two years of his four year sentence in jail , which would put his release in October , 2013 . Michael Jackson ` Bad ' reissue to feature unreleased Wembley Stadium show Next Monday will be the third anniversary of Jackson 's death , which the Los Angeles County coroner ruled was caused by a fatal combination of the surgical anesthetic propofol and sedatives administered by Murray . "  He told me last Tuesday ' I may not make it out of here alive . This is a very dangerous place . I 'm in here dying . The system is intent on killing me , ' " said Wass , who is handling Murray 's appeal . The doctor suspects his moldy , fly-infested , 5-by-7-foot cell is making him sick , causing headaches that have plagued him for several weeks , Wass said . When Wass took Murray 's complaints to jail officials , they told her his activities are restricted because "  we 're afraid somebody 's going to pop him , " she said . It took several days for Murray to see a doctor about his persistent headache last week , Wass said . Murray is "  receiving the appropriate level of care for his medical condition , " Los Angeles County Sheriff spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said Monday . Murray is serving his sentence in the county jail , which is operated by the sheriff , because of rules imposed to relieve state prison overcrowding . There is little chance he would be transferred there , Wass said . Dr. Murray 's medical license suspended Wass said she believed Murray would better off in a state prison , where he would be able to get exercise and fresh air regularly . He 's only seen the sunshine once in the past four weeks , even though prisoners in the high-security "  F Block " are suppose to be taken to the jail roof each Monday afternoon , she said . Murray told his lawyer even the "  Grim Sleeper " suspect , who is charged with killing 10 women over a 22-year period , was allowed on the roof last Monday while Murray was not , Wass said . The sheriff "  s spokeswoman said he was getting "  standard roof time " of once a week . "  I feel like a POW , " Murray told his lawyer , using the acronym for prisoner of war . He gets fresh underwear just once a week , his lawyer complained . Murray 's getting the "  normal linen and clothing exchange , " Nashida said . Still , Murray appears to be getting along well with his jailers , his lawyer , Wass , said . "  I 've been respectful to the sheriff 's deputies and for the most part they have reciprocated , " the lawyer quoted Murray telling her . The jail food is disagreeable to Murray , Wass said . He told her he 's has "  nothing real to eat " since being locked up . A breakfast of a "  smelly " boiled egg , two slices of bread , cereal and milk is delivered at 4:30 a.m. each day , followed by a peanut butter and jelly or bologna sandwich for lunch . Dinner , delivered at 3:30 p.m. , is usually is "  a meat product that looks like clotted blood , " along with green beans , corn and cabbage , she said . Murray passes his time each day helping other inmates improve their vocabulary with a "  word of the day " game that he designed , she said . Wass , who is working without pay , is still preparing the appeal of Murray 's conviction . Conrad Murray sentenced to four years behind bars	"  I may not make it out of here alive , " Conrad Murray tells his lawyer Murray complains he 's getting sick in his moldy , fly-infested , 5-by-7-foot cell After serving seven months , Murray has 16 months to go in jail Next Monday is the third anniversary of Michael Jackson 's death
CNN  -- A pillar of black smoke billowed over downtown Lynchburg , Virginia , after a train carrying crude oil jumped its tracks and caught fire Wednesday afternoon , city officials said . Between 12 and 14 cars from a CSX freight train were involved in the derailment , which occurred along the James River and left oil burning along the river 's surface , city government spokeswoman JoAnn Martin said . About 50,000 gallons of crude oil are missing from the tankers , she said . It 's unclear how much of the oil burned in the blaze and how much spilled into the water . Buildings near the derailment were evacuated for several hours , and firefighters let the fire burn out on its own , she said . Travis Uhle was working at the Depot Grill when he came out and witnessed the crash . "  You just saw it going sideways on two wheels and then one went down , and the train just kept on coming , " Uhle told CNN affiliate WDBJ . "  And then just a dogpile on top of that . " At least three tank cars fell into the river , a photograph taken at the scene showed . Lynchburg police Lt. David Gearheart said the fire was contained , but still burning , four hours after the derailment . CSX said three of the cars caught fire after the derailment , the cause of which was n't known Wednesday . "  CSX is responding fully , with emergency response personnel , safety and environmental experts , community support teams and other resources on site and on the way , " it said . "  We are committed to fully supporting the emergency responders and other agencies , meeting the needs of the community and protecting the environment . " William Hayden , a spokesman for the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality , said it was "  too soon to say " what the environmental impact of the accident would be . The spill was contained before it stretched more than a quarter of a mile downriver , he said , but it was n't clear Wednesday evening how much oil had spilled into the James . "  We have people on the scene providing technical assistance to make sure the leak is contained properly , " Hayden said . An oil boom in North Dakota and Canada has led to a fourfold increase in the amount of crude shipped by rail since 2005 , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . Environmentalists and regulators have been paying more attention to those shipments since a July derailment and fire killed 47 people in a small town in Quebec . In March , environmentalists warned against having trains hauling oil from North Dakota 's Bakken shale pass through downtown Lynchburg en route to a storage depot in Yorktown . Glen Besa , director of Virginia 's Sierra Club chapter , said Wednesday 's accident only heightens those worries . "  This train track runs right through the heart of Richmond , by the way . This could easily have happened in the heart of the capital city , " Besa said . He said it was n't clear whether the oil would burn off completely without leaving residues on the ground or in the river . "  These are the questions that should have been asked before we started doing this , " he said . Casey Hernandez , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Transportation , said Virginia received just under $ 400,000 last year in Hazardous Materials Emergency Preparation grants . She noted , too , that the department has held two all-day hazmat transportation training workshops in the state since September . The volume of oil spilled or burned was n't immediately known . The NTSB and the Federal Railroad Administration are sending investigators to the site , those agencies said . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency was monitoring the air at the request of state officials , EPA spokeswoman Enesta Jones said . Martin said Lynchburg 's drinking water was n't affected by the spill . But in Richmond , more than 100 miles downriver , authorities have begun drawing drinking water out of a separate canal rather than the James as a precautionary measure , said Angela Fountain , a spokeswoman for the city 's Department of Public Utilities . John Aulbach , director of the state Office of Drinking Water , said it would take three to four days for any oil that may have spilled to reach Richmond , and it would be "  very diluted " before it reached that point . Other communities can bypass the river as well . "  We 're not expecting any effects to drinking water , " Aulbach said . CNN 's Athena Jones , Cristy Lenz , Greg Seaby , Greg Botelho , Kevin Conlon , Matthew Stucker , Jonathan Helman and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : 50,000 gallons of crude oil are missing from the tankers Witness says there was "  a dogpile " of train cars on top of each other No injuries reported from the derailment in downtown Lynchburg Environmentalists had raised concerns about shipping crude oil through the city
CNN  -- Amid the mish-mash of potential presidential contenders at last weekend 's Conservative Political Action Conference , pundit Ann Coulter did n't disappoint her supporters by brandishing once again the language of racialist politics . It was no surprise that she used immigration reform to inflame the right . She has depicted Latinos as "  a deluge of unskilled immigrants pouring into the country , " and she 'll explain to anyone who will listen that immigrants are looking for little more than the next government handout . Her deep ignorance of both the American Latino community and immigration reform is shameful . Among her fiery comments was an attack on GOP politicians Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , the "  endless Bushes , " New Jersey 's Gov. Chris Christie and others who have publicly voiced support for immigration reform . Coulter alleged that Republican politicians are speaking out in favor of immigration reform because they "  panicked " reacting to the lackluster voter support last November . And , she proudly announced , from now on she will be a single-issue voter against "  amnesty for illegals . " But just a few days later , her remarks seem especially out of touch , given the report released Monday by the GOP entitled "  Growth and Opportunity Project . " As opposed to Coulter 's assessment of panic in the ranks , it seems that finally Republicans are waking up and taking a clear-eyed view to how to keep their party alive . The report prescribes an overhaul of the party , including a flat-out endorsement of immigration reform . The party , the report states , "  must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform , " including a recommended $ 10 million outreach effort that includes hiring national political directors for Hispanic , Asian-Pacific and African-American voters . For the past several years , many members of the GOP have rejected any kind of immigration package that would legalize the 11 million undocumented immigrants currently in the United States . Some of those politicians  including Mitt Romney  have gone so far as to support state anti-immigrant laws that sought "  self-deportation , " like Arizona 's SB 1070 . Drawing this type of arbitrary line in the sand against any kind of legalization proposal seriously damaged the GOP 's reputation among the Latino voting bloc , which overwhelmingly supported Obama for president . Which is why the party is changing its tone . Republicans like Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and Chris Christie are following the footsteps of Ronald Reagan in recognizing that the way to move this country forward lies in the sometimes messy , complicated task of seeking a solution to the immigration problem , not in bright-line denouncements like Coulter 's sound bites . And in a significant move on Monday , tea party favorite Sen. Rand Paul , who just won the Washington Times-CPAC presidential preference straw poll , endorsed a pathway to citizenship for the nation 's 11 million undocumented immigrants . Contrary to what Coulter would have the CPAC audience believe , prominent Republican leaders are not panicked ; they are looking for commonsense ways to tackle the broken immigration system , and have clearly stated that they are not interested in giving anyone a free pass to legalization . They 've made it clear that any possible immigration package requires additional measures to secure the border , hefty fees for undocumented immigrants and a lengthy waiting period before eligible applicants are permitted to regularize their immigration status in the United States . Along these lines , on Monday , Republican members of the Senate 's Gang of Eight pushed to augment the period of time that an undocumented person would have to maintain legal permanent residency before applying for citizenship . The proposal extends the current waiting period from eight to 10 years . The negotiated time frame would permit applicants to naturalize three years after gaining legal permanent residency for a total of a 13-year path to citizenship . This proposal is on par with the current citizenship process , except that it would extend the period for permanent residency and shorten the period for naturalization . This development underscores the fact that the GOP does not support a fast-track legalization plan for people who are unlawfully present in the country . Despite Coulter 's assurances to the contrary , the negotiated principles that Rubio and other members of the Senate 's Gang of Eight have proposed are not attempts to provide "  amnesty to illegals . " The Republicans who support the measures are not weak or desperate . Instead , they are demonstrating leadership by looking for a smart solution to a complex problem by trying to reach a fair , yet stern , deal with Democratic politicians . Coulter 's smug rally to become "  single-issue voters " smacks of panic she accuses others of experiencing . Her take on immigration is exactly the kind of ill-informed and short-sighted stance that has caused the GOP to lose supporters . She ca n't be pleased with the timing of the release of her own Party 's report , which proclaims in no uncertain terms that immigration reform must be embraced , not dismantled . It is Ann Coulter 's views that are truly out of step with the leadership and the goals of the only Party that will have her . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles P. Garcia .	Pundit Ann Coulter criticized GOP leaders about their stance on immigration reform Charles Garcia : It is Coulter who is out of touch with the goals of the Republican Party He says the GOP is endorsing immigration reform with a newly released report Garcia : Prominent Republicans see the need to reform a problem that needs repair
New York  CNN  -- A Nicaraguan diplomat based in New York was found dead in his apartment in the Bronx on Thursday , his throat slashed , police said . The consul of Nicaragua in New York , Cesar Mercado , 34 , was found by his driver , said Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . A knife was found at the scene , Browne said . The body was found dressed just inside the front door to the apartment , and the door had been left unlocked , Browne said . Investigators were looking at the case as a murder , he said . "  It appears to be a homicide , " he said . A resident who lives in the apartment below Mercado 's told CNN he heard "  screaming and banging " from Mercado 's residence Wedneday night . Mercado lived on the sixth floor of the building . Mercado 's driver may have been picking him up to take him to meet with the Nicaraguan delegation attending the United Nations General Assembly , police said . Mercado was found at about 10:30 a.m. , said Danilo Rosales Diaz , deputy permanent representative of Nicaragua to the United States . Mercado had lived in the United States for eight years and had been consul the entire time , Rosales said . "  He was here yesterday , working yesterday , " he said , adding that the death was a "  shock . " CNN 's Ross Levitt and Christina Romano contributed to this report .	Cesar Mercado 's throat was slashed , police say A knife was found at the scene , police deputy commissioner says He says it 's too early to determine if it was murder or suicide
Washington  CNN  -- Leading American Muslims on Wednesday strongly criticized this week 's planned congressional hearing into the alleged radicalization of members of their community , calling it an unfair attack on loyal citizens and a dangerous break from the traditional U.S. embrace of tolerance and pluralism . Rep. Peter King , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , has said Thursday 's hearing is necessary to explore the extent to which al Qaeda is trying to influence and indoctrinate U.S. Muslims , among other things . But his plans have created an uproar , with critics accusing Republican leaders of bigotry and comparing the hearings to Sen. Joseph McCarthy 's allegations of Communist infiltration in the early years of the Cold War . American Muslim leaders have also taken issue with King 's assertion that they have n't sufficiently cooperated with law enforcement officials , and dismissed his claim that the overwhelming majority of mosques are run by extremist imams . Such claims are "  demonstrably false , " said Nihad Awad , executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations  CAIR  . "  Except for a tiny minority , " extremists have found "  no fertile ground in America , " he said . He said King is engaged in "  fear-mongering , " and called the New York Republican "  unfit " to head the Homeland Security Committee . "  We are not in denial as a community that something is going on , that there are bad actors in every community , " said Imam Johari Abdul-Malik , a member of the Council of Muslim Organizations . King is "  onto something , but he is going in the wrong direction . " And Attorney General Eric Holder weighed in as well , disputing King 's premise that Islamic leaders have n't done enough to help police during a news conference Wednesday afternoon . Holder said the Justice Department has tried to establish a dialogue with American Muslims , "  so that information flows to us , information flows from us . " And he warned against doing anything to "  alienate entire communities . " "  Leaders of the Muslim community and the Muslim community itself have contributed significantly to the resolution of many of the things that we have resolved over the course of the last 12 to 18 months , " Holder said . "  Tips that we have received , information that has been shared , has been critical to our efforts to disrupting plots that otherwise might have occurred . " In an interview with CNN , King shot back , "  That 's not my experience . " "  New York is the epicenter , and I 'm not aware of any tips that have been given in Nassau , Suffolk -LSB- counties -RSB- or New York City , " he said . "  That 's one . And then talking to officials around the country , I get the same complaints . " Holder has not been called to testify in King 's hearings , because he would contradict those complaints , King acknowledged . And he said top Obama administration officials also say al Qaeda is attempting to radicalize American Muslims , so "  Where else would we look ? " "  I wo n't demonize anyone , " he said . "  We 're going to show the threat is coming from certain elements and in many ways threatens Muslim Americans as much as it does the entire country . " But Shahid Buttar , executive director of the Bill of Rights Defense Committee , said King is more interested in "  scoring cheap political points by vilifying vulnerable communities . " On Tuesday , a national group , Muslim Advocate , launched a website aimed at tracking what it calls anti-Muslim rhetoric , particularly among elected officials . "  Our concern is that the King hearings are going to sow fear and mistrust of the Muslim community at a time when the nation needs to be coming together , " said Farhana Khera , executive director of the group that launched WhatUnites.Us . "  It 's essentially a congressional stamp of approval for anti-Muslim hate . " In an earlier interview on CNN 's "  American Morning , " King promised a "  thoughtful , meaningful , very fair hearing " and insisted he was not condemning Islam as a religion or American Muslims as a group . "  I would never question anyone 's religious beliefs , " he said . "  The overwhelming majority of Muslims are outstanding patriots . " But he added , "  There is a very small percentage who have allied themselves with al Qaeda , " and he said U.S. Muslim leaders "  do not face up to that reality . " "  I want to encourage people in the Muslim community ... to be more aggressive in choosing their leaders , " he said . "  I do n't think the leadership right now -- groups such as CAIR -- are doing an adequate job . I think in some ways doing a very poor job of representing the Muslim-American community . " CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper dismissed King 's criticism , telling CNN the congressman "  does n't like that CAIR criticizes his past anti-Muslim statements and his Keystone Cops hearing . " Some critics of the hearings have called King 's efforts against Islamic-American terrorism hypocritical . In the 1980s , King , an Irish-American , was an active supporter of the Irish Republican Army , an organization the State Department then deemed a terror group , and Gerry Adams , the leader of the IRA 's political wing . The IRA was responsible for hundreds of civilian deaths in terror attacks . But King , however , has defended his efforts , calling the IRA "  a legitimate force " for decades . The congressman has insisted he only got involved so heavily with Adams because he knew Adams would be willing to broker peace with the British government . A January 2010 study from researchers at Duke and the University of North Carolina concluded that the threat stemming from radicalized Muslims is overblown . In the eight years following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , 139 Muslim-Americans engaged in terrorism-related violence or were prosecuted for terrorism-related offenses with violent elements , the researchers concluded . That level -- roughly 17 individuals per year -- "  is small compared to other violent crime in America , but not insignificant . " "  Homegrown terrorism is a serious , but limited , problem , " they asserted . The report concluded that effective self-policing , denunciations of terrorism , and heightened political engagement were among the factors helping to minimize radicalization in the Muslim-American community . Critics such as King , however , point to a number of recent examples of alleged homegrown terrorism as evidence of a dangerous trend , including the case of Army Maj. Nidal Hassan , a psychiatrist charged with killing 13 people at Fort Hood in 2009 . Hassan had been in contact with militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was born in New Mexico and preached at a mosque in Virginia before leaving the United States for Yemen . Last April , New York taxi driver Zarein Ahmedzay pleaded guilty to involvement in a 2009 plot to blow up crowded subway trains . Prosecutors said Ahmedzay conspired with another man -- Najibullah Zazi -- who also pleaded guity and cooperated with authorities . According to a recent study from the New America Foundation and Syracuse University , the number of cases of American citizens or residents charged with or convicted of taking part in terrorist activities has jumped in recent years . There were 76 such cases in 2009 and 2010 -- nearly half the total since September 11 , 2001 . But Muslim-Americans have played a key role in stopping such plots , noted Peter Bergen , a CNN national security analyst . More than 20 percent of post-9 / 11 Islamist terror cases in the United States began with tips from Muslim community members or involved cooperation from the family members of alleged plotters , he said . Frank Cilluffo , director of George Washington University 's Homeland Security Policy Institute , told CNN Wednesday that the threat of radicalized Americans "  continues to metastasize  and  comes in varies shapes , sizes , and forms . " "  To suggest that we do n't face a threat is wrong , " Cilluffo noted . "  But to look for a single profile , unfortunately that does n't exist right now . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Alan Silverleib , Dana Bash , Mike Ahlers , and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : Holder says hearings should n't "  alienate entire communities " NEW : Congressman pledges : "  I wo n't demonize anyone " Muslim leaders say they are being unfairly targeted by King 's committee King says attacks inspired by al Qaeda could have killed thousands
CNN  -- It is widely recognized that the signing of the Armistice in 1918 did not put an end to the drama that began in 1914 . Traditional geopolitical rivalries continued but now overlapped with competing ideologies of fascism and Stalinism to foster a climate of permanent war . That is why many observers at the time described the period 1914-1945 as a modern version of the Thirty Years War . Yet this second Thirty Years War soon gave way to the four decades-long Cold War . For a very brief moment the demise of the Cold War appeared to bring to an end the conflicts unleashed on the battlefields in 1914 . But this "  End of History " moment was brief . Today we are in the midst of a conflict originally designated as a "  War on Terror " but which has been rebranded by the American government as the "  Long War " and more recently as "  Overseas Contingency Operation . " The conflicts unleashed in 1914 were not confined to the military sphere . They were also a battle of ideas and a clash of cultures . The story that began in 1914 was influenced by a crisis of meaning that afflicted the political and cultural elites of western societies . A powerful mood of estrangement and disorientation dominated cultural life . In this moment of confusion even artists and intellectual sought meaning through fighting for a cause -- even a military one . Some of the most enthusiastic supporters of the war were motivated by a disposition to react against what they took to be the soulless world of capitalist modernity . Stefan Zweig , the renowned Austrian novelist , playwright and well-known pacifist lived to see two world wars . When the Great War broke out in 1914 , he along with almost all European intellectuals , supported his nation 's war effort . Later , with a hint of embarrassment he recalled the sense of excitement and celebration that the news of the impending conflict provoked among people . "  And to be truthful , I must acknowledge that there was a majestic , rapturous , and even seductive something in this first outbreak of the people from which one could escape only with difficulty , " he recalled . World War I would be the last time that a significant body of intellectuals and artists would seek existential meaning on the battlefield . But conflicts over norms and values , which were crystallized through their quest for meaning continues to this day . Indeed on hindsight it is evident that the Great War was a catalyst for eroding the prevailing system of meaning and helped intensify a clash of values . That is why the origins of what is currently described as the Culture Wars can be situated at some time around August 1914 . Culture became politicized and geopolitical ambitions were framed through appeals to a "  way of life . " Today , very few respectable intellectuals would be caught waving the flag . Instead of the flag , competing groups flaunt their identity and instead of celebrating their way of life they acclaim their lifestyle . With the demise of old ideologies the politicization of culture has acquired an increasingly unrestrained character . It is worth noting that most of the high-profile divisive issues -- family life , gay marriage , abortion , assisted suicide , multiculturalism -- express conflicts over cultural values . These symbolic struggles over the constitution of legitimate lifestyles continually exacerbate the fragmentation of social life . What 's more disturbing is that such struggles increasingly extend into global affairs . The current conflict between Russia and its Western opponents is almost entirely conducted through the medium of culture . The denunciation of Putin as an authoritarian homophobe is self-consciously countered by the claim that Russia stands firm as the bastion of traditional values . Like Putin , many Muslims also take their stand on hallow grounds of tradition . Young Western Muslims self-consciously reject the values of the communities where they grew up and embrace a call to arms for a war of cultures . Jihadist videos often communicate a simple message -- which is that the Jihad provides quest for meaning . As I write , the war drums are again beating . Abu Bakr al Baghdadi , the head of ISIS , has declared the establishment of a new caliphate in the Middle East . His object is to abolish one legacy of World War I , the border between Syria and Iraq . There is still no end in sight to the Great War .	The period 1914-1945 was once described as a modern version of the Thirty Years War This second Thirty Years War gave way to four decades-long Cold War , says Frank Furedi Furedi : Origins of "  Culture Wars " can be situated at some time around August 1914 Young Muslims embrace a call to arms for a war of cultures , he adds
Indiana Republican Senate candidate Richard Mourdock believes that rapes resulting in pregnancy are "  something that God intends to happen . " Do you ? It 's a relevant question as we enter the last two weeks of this election , because Mourdock 's comments are not isolated . The statement comes from the same rigid ideology behind conservative Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin 's musings in August , when he said women 's bodies have the ability to "  shut down " pregnancies that result from what he called "  legitimate rape . " Mourdock and Akin were both trying to explain their determination to outlaw abortion even in cases of rape and incest , a position consistent with the Republican Party platform , which calls for a constitutional ban on abortion . Mitt Romney and some other leading Republicans repudiated Akin 's comment . But as I pointed out in a CNN column at the time , the problem seemed to lie with the politics and optics rather than underlying policy . Republicans are desperately trying to close the gender gap with women , and one way to do it is to insist that this election is only about economic issues . But many conservative candidates for Senate harbor deep-seated social conservative views , an absolute opposition to abortion among them . It 's a position that vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan has long held . Most Americans believe that abortion should be "  safe , legal and rare . " And a stunning Gallup Poll taken earlier this month in 12 swing states found that 39 % of women who are registered voters said that abortion was the most important issue for women in this election . With the Supreme Court likely one vote away from overturning Roe v. Wade -- a goal that Mitt Romney has reaffirmed on the campaign trail -- this issue is real and relevant . That 's why Mourdock 's centrist Democrat Senate opponent Joe Donnelly said , "  The God I believe in and the God I know most Hoosiers believe in does not intend for rape to happen -- ever . ... What Mr. Mourdock said is shocking , and it is stunning that he would be so disrespectful to survivors of rape . " The case against electing a right-wing ideologue like Richard Mourdock to the Senate goes deeper than social issues . When Mourdock took on the senior Senate statesman Dick Lugar in a Republican primary with tea party support , he specifically attacked Lugar 's record of bipartisan problem-solving , saying : "  The time for collegiality is past ... it 's time for confrontation . " That 's the kind of change a Tea-vaneglist candidate like Mourdock represents for the U.S. Senate , the Republican Party and the nation -- more hyper-partisan fighting , more absolutism and more religion influencing public policy . There 's nothing libertarian about government forcing a woman to carry her rapist 's baby to term . Let 's be clear -- Mourdock 's attempt to square his religious beliefs with his public policy beliefs is what led to the tortured statement . But what Mourdock said was not a mistake or a misstatement . It 's what he truly believes . Combined with his commitment to be an obstructionist and absolutist in the Senate , instead of a bipartisan problem-solver , it presents a clear choice with national implications because he 's the only Senate candidate running for whom Mitt Romney took the time to cut a TV ad . Indiana voters will get to decide if Mourdock 's comments are consistent with their common sense approach to politics and problem-solving . Voters across the nation will need to decide whether they want to empower his extreme vision of politics in Washington over the next four years .	GOP 's Mourdock says "  God intends " any pregnancies that come from rape John Avlon : This is like Akin 's assertion that women do n't get pregnant from rape Mourdock urges confrontation , wants to justify extremist positions on social issues Avlon : Electing Mourdock means hyper-partisan fighting , absolutism , religion in policy
EW.com  -- And the host of this year 's ESPYs is ... . Drake ! The rapper/singer/actor / now-host will take the stage at the 2014 ESPYs to hand out awards for Excellence in Sports Performance . For a point of reference , last year 's show was hosted by Jon Hamm . There 's no word yet on whether Drake will rap his way through the show , but we can only hope . Check out his announcement via Twitter below : The ESPYs will air on July 16 at 9 p.m. on ESPN . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The rapper/actor is set to host the show He announced it via Twitter The ESPYs will air July 16 on ESPN
CNN  -- A central Colombian farm worker has been accused of raping his daughter for decades and fathering eight children with her . The daughter , 35-year-old Alba Nidia , told CNN that her biological father has sexually abused her since she was about 5 , shortly after her mother 's death , resulting in 14 pregnancies . Eight children -- five girls and three boys -- survived . Her father , Arcedio Alvarez Quintero , is being held in jail to face charges of sexual abuse , incest and aggravated sexual assault . Alvarez and his family live near the town of Mariquita in the western province of Tolima , and the local media have dubbed him a "  monster . " The case has been likened to that of Josef Fritzl , the 73-year-old Austrian who was sentenced this month to life in prison for imprisoning and raping his daughter in his basement over 24 years , during which time she gave birth to seven children . Alvarez 's lawyer , Ricardo Correa , told CNN affiliate Caracol that his client appeared Saturday before a judge , who read the three charges . The judge ruled that the case against Alvarez was strong enough for him to be jailed with special protection as he awaits trial . No trial date has been scheduled . Caracol reported that Alvarez entered "  innocent " pleas to the charges . Correa did not respond to CNN requests for an interview . According to Caracol , the 59-year old Alavarez told the court he is innocent . Correa told Caracol that his client 's defense "  will be that Alba Nidia is not his biological daughter , " but his adopted child . Nidia insists that she is his daughter . Authorities plan to conduct blood tests to determine the two 's genetic relationship , local officials said . "  I feel confused -- knowing that he has been arrested , he is still my father , " Nidia told CNN in a phone interview . "  But I think it 's the right thing to do . " She added that , "  The children do n't talk about this situation . They are silent much of the time . " Gilma Jimenez , a local councilwoman who has had close contact with Nidia , has offered her financial assistance and has been speaking out against child abuse . "  One of the tragedies of this whole story , is that it seems that many different people in the community knew about this situation , but no one said anything , " Jimenez told CNN . "  This is the indifference , the silence that encourages more child abuse . " Nidia said that "  problems in the house " forced her to run away from the home she shared with her father nine months ago , taking her five daughters -- the youngest of whom was less than a year old -- and her 5-year-old son . She moved to a nearby town and worked 15 hours a day at a restaurant . "  For this job , for all of those hours , she earns a miserable wage of under $ 3 a day , " said Hugo Parra , an investigator with Jimenez 's office . "  We 've been sending her money , just so she can survive . " If Alvarez is convicted , he could receive as little as eight years , Jimenez said . "  This is not enough . ... We have failed our children in Colombia , " she said . Jimenez added that Alvarez is receiving special protection in the jail , saying , "  Criminals will tolerate any crime , except child abuse . I 'm sure all the other prisoners are waiting to try to get to him . " This case comes as Colombia is weighing whether to change the constitution to punish convicted child abusers with up to life imprisonment . A campaign calling for a referendum on the issue says it has collected more than 2 million signatures .	Daughter of Colombian farm worker says she had eight children by her father Alba Nidia , 35 , says her father has sexually abused her since she was about 5 Arcedio Alvarez Quintero charged with sexual abuse and incest Lawyer says defense will be that Nidia is not defendant 's biological daughter
Hong Kong  CNN  -- What has been described as the "  heaviest rain in six decades " left at least 37 people dead and raised criticism about Beijing 's infrastructure and the government 's response to disasters . The torrential downpour lasted 10 hours over the weekend , producing gusty winds and a tornado in one suburb , according to local media . The deluge was the largest since 1951 , when the state weather record was established , according to Beijing Morning Post , bringing about 6.7 inches of rain in some parts of Beijing , and as much as 18 inches in the suburban Fangshan district . Of the 37 deaths in Beijing , 25 people drowned , reported Xinhua . Another six were killed in collapsing houses , five were electrocuted , and one was hit by lightning , the agency reported , citing the municipal government . The flooding killed 95 people and 45 were reported missing in 17 provincial areas of China , Xinhua reported . Nearly 6.23 million people were affected by the heavy rains , which started July 20 . The deaths from the storm triggered a torrent of criticism , even from a state-run newspaper , as well as Sina Weibo , the popular Chinese microblogging site . Some social media users implied the number of deaths was much higher . CNN contacted Beijing 's flood control office , municipal government emergency office and municipal meteorological bureau to get an updated death toll . The agencies said that they were too busy summarizing data and could n't make comments at the time . Questions CNN sent by fax to the state meteorological bureau were not returned by Monday afternoon . Although the weather had cleared in Beijing by Sunday morning , the flooding remained a hot topic , with many expressing outrage over the deaths and what they perceived as a botched government response . The Global Times published an article stating that the downpour "  exposes holes in the modernization drive . " "  In recent years , floods caused by rain storms have repeatedly occurred in Chinese cities . And the latest downpour in Beijing has stirred up a new round of skepticism on the quality of infrastructure amid rapid urbanization . " Many people marveled at how fragile the Beijing 's infrastructure seemed for a modern metropolis . Despite the billions of dollars spent to upgrade its roads and buildings , the city 's sewage system appeared quickly overwhelmed by the rainstorm . The Beijing-based media group , Caixin wrote on Weibo : "  Why is this happening once and again ? Year after year Beijing faces the same challenge , not even hosting the Olympics can provide a solution . That 's how vulnerable our capital city can be . " Another user , chuntiangushi wrote : "  We can host the most luxurious Olympics and send satellites into space but can never seem to fix this drainage system . What a shame . " Others disagreed . Weibo user VOo wrote : "  I think our city 's drainage system is till much better then a decade ago . " Others were critical that there was no emergency broadcast system deployed , no government shelters and no special hotlines . Chinese media reported that there were various color-coded weather warnings , but several public policy experts complained in Chinese media that the warnings made sense only to experts , not the general public . Local television broadcasts focused on heroic stories of search and rescue efforts and people helping each other . Traffic was snarled for hours in the aftermath of the storm , leaving drivers and pedestrians stranded throughout the city . Many pitched into help one other as the streets were flooded , sometimes as deep as new figure is about 20 feet  6 meters  . Some on Weibo praised the way residents helped each other , calling it the "  Beijing spirit . " "  Beijing is a city with heart and soul . Love will pull us through the hardship , " wrote user liushuhan . Thousands of emergency responders were deployed and divers had to be brought in to search for anyone trapped . Officials said almost 2 million people were affected by the rainstorm and the economic losses have exceeded $ 1.5 billion . The floods submerged some power supply facilities and led to blackouts in parts of the city , according to Xinhua . CNN 's Steven Jiang , Tian Shao , CY Xu and Madison Park contributed to this report .	Chinese netizens are criticizing lack of prepardeness for the weekend flooding 37 people died in the heaviest rain in six decades ; most of them drowned Sewage system was overwhelmed , despite recent modernization
CNN  -- They protect lions , teach music to injured soldiers and open new worlds to autistic youth . They help children who are fighting cancer , poverty and a lack of opportunity . These are the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2014 . For their extraordinary efforts to change the world , each of these everyday people will receive $ 25,000 and be recognized at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs Sunday , December 7 . One of the top 10 will be named CNN Hero of the Year and receive an additional $ 100,000 for his or her cause . The star-studded tribute show will be hosted by Anderson Cooper at the American Museum of Natural History in New York . "  It has been CNN 's great honor for the past eight years to shine a spotlight on these remarkable individuals who are making a difference in their communities and the world , " said Jeff Zucker , president of CNN Worldwide . "  We are proud to provide a platform for these heroes to share their stories and their important work with our global audiences . " Since 2007 , the CNN Heroes campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . This year 's top 10 were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN . Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2014 , in alphabetical order : Arthur Bloom Arthur Bloom has used the healing power of music to help hundreds of injured soldiers recover their lives . His program , MusiCorps , pairs professional musicians with troops recovering at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , helping them play instruments and write and record music . "  By injecting music into this space , we can inject life , " Bloom said . "  There 's nothing injured about the way they do it . It 's just good music . " Jon Burns Jon Burns is rallying fellow soccer fans to help children from poor communities in cities hosting the World Cup and other major tournaments . Since 2006 , his nonprofit , Lionsraw , has engaged more than 500 volunteers in construction projects and educational programs that have benefitted nearly 6,000 children . "  We 're trying to harness the passion of football fans to make a difference , " he said . Pen Farthing Pen Farthing , a former Royal Marine Sergeant , is reuniting soldiers with the stray dogs they befriend while serving in Afghanistan . His nonprofit , Nowzad Dogs -- named for the stray Farthing rescued during his tour -- has helped more than 700 soldiers from eight countries . "  My connection with Afghanistan stayed alive because of Nowzad , " Farthing said . "  To be able to get that animal home to them , it closes the loop . " Rabbi Elimelech Goldberg Rabbi Elimelech Goldberg lost his 2-year-old daughter to leukemia in 1981 . Today , his nonprofit , Kids Kicking Cancer , uses martial arts to help children battling serious illnesses manage pain during medical treatments . The group has provided free lessons and support for 5,000 children and their families . "  They 're often so afraid , " Goldberg said . "  We teach kids how to control their pain and make them feel powerful . " Leela Hazzah Leela Hazzah has dedicated her life to lion conservation . In 2007 , she started Lion Guardians , a nonprofit that works with African Maasai warriors to protect lions . The group now employs more than 70 Lion Guardians throughout East Africa and has helped the lion population grow . "  I know we 're making a difference , " Hazzah said . "  When I first moved here , I never heard lions roaring . But now I hear lions roaring all the time . " Patricia Kelly Patricia Kelly is using horses to motivate at-risk children in Hartford , Connecticut . Her nonprofit , Ebony Horsewomen , provides horseback riding lessons and teaches animal science to more than 300 young people a year . "  We use horses as a hook to create pride , esteem and healing , " said Kelly . "  They learn that they have ability . They just have to unlock it . " Annette March-Grier Annette March-Grier grew up in her family 's funeral home . After her mother 's death , she created Roberta 's House , a nonprofit in Baltimore that helps children and their families cope with grief . Since 2008 , more than 1,000 children have benefited from the group 's free programs . "  We 're giving families in this city a sense of hope , " she said . "  We 're helping to heal wounds and bring families back together again . " Ned Norton For the last 25 years , Ned Norton has provided strength and conditioning training to people living with a variety of disabilities . He now trains more than 120 people every week through his nonprofit , Warriors on Wheels . "  I 'm building them up , building them stronger , so they can go out and live life like they 're supposed to . " Norton said . Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes Amid the violence in his native Guatemala , Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes turned his family 's home into a haven for young people . Since 2006 , his nonprofit , Los Patojos  the Little Ones  , has provided educational opportunities and support to more than 1,000 children . I want to inspire these kids , " he said . "  They are the ones in charge of writing the new history in Guatemala . " Dr. Wendy Ross Dr. Wendy Ross is opening new worlds to autistic children and their families . Since 2010 , her nonprofit , Autism Inclusion Resources , has helped hundreds of families navigate challenging social situations , such as sporting events and airport travel . "  If you start taking steps outside of your door , your world gets bigger and bigger , " said Ross . "  We just want people to have opportunities . " As part of their award package , each top 10 Hero will also receive free organizational training from the Annenberg Foundation , a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide . The Heroes will participate in a customized version of the Annenberg Alchemy program , which offers practical guidance to help strengthen organizations for long-term success .	The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2014 each receive $ 25,000 for their efforts to help change the world They will also be honored at the annual tribute show , which airs Sunday , December 7 The Hero of the Year , chosen by CNN 's global audience , receives an additional $ 100,000
PORT OF SPAIN , Trinidad and Tobago  CNN  -- President Obama said Friday he is seeking "  a new beginning " in U.S. relations with Cuba . President Obama and Venezuela President Hugo Chavez greet each other Friday at the Summit of the Americas . Before addressing the representatives of 34 countries at the Summit of the Americas , Obama and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez saw each other and shook hands . "  Every one of our nations has a right to follow its own path , " Obama told the assembly . "  But we all have a responsibility to see that the people of the Americas have the ability to pursue their own dreams in democratic societies . "  Toward that end , the United States seeks a new beginning with Cuba . " Obama arrived in Trinidad and Tobago on Friday evening for the Summit of the Americas , a key meeting of hemispheric powers . Although it was not represented at the talks , the subject of Cuba dominated the president 's speech . In prepared remarks , Obama said that "  decades of mistrust " must be overcome , but noted that he has already loosened restrictions that limited Americans from traveling to visit relatives in Cuba and from sending money to them . Obama lifted all restrictions Monday on the ability of individuals to visit relatives in Cuba , as well as to send them remittances . That may be just the beginning . "  I am prepared to have my administration engage with the Cuban government on a wide range of issues -- from human rights , free speech and democratic reform to drugs , migration and economic issues , " he said . "  Let me be clear : I am not interested in talking for the sake of talking . But I do believe that we can move U.S.-Cuban relations in a new direction . " Obama 's comments represent a significant shift in a U.S. policy that has remained largely unchanged since 1962 , when the U.S. government imposed a trade embargo with Havana . They come a day after Cuban President Raul Castro said he was prepared to discuss "  everything , everything , everything " with the United States . Castro told a summit of leftist Latin American leaders gathered in Venezuela , "  We are prepared , wherever they want , to discuss everything -- human rights , freedom of the press , political prisoners , " Castro said Thursday . Havana played a major role in Obama 's remarks , where he called for rejection of "  stale debates " that have undermined opportunities to forge new partnerships . Watch Obama speak about "  a new day " " "  They would have us make the false choice between a rigid , state-run economy and unbridled and unregulated capitalism ; between blame for right-wing paramilitaries or left-wing insurgents ; between sticking to inflexible policies with regard to Cuba or denying the full human rights that are owed to the Cuban people . "  I did n't come here to debate the past -- I came here to deal with the future . As neighbors , we have a responsibility to each other and to our citizens . And by working together , we can take important steps forward to advance prosperity , security and liberty . " Chavez 's press office said Obama walked up to Chavez to greet him , a meeting it called "  historic . " "  President Chavez expressed his hope that relations between the two countries would change , " the press office said , quoting Chavez as having told his U.S. counterpart , "  Eight years ago with this same hand I greeted Bush . I want to be your friend . " It said Obama then thanked Chavez . Chavez once referred to former President Bush as "  the devil . " On other matters , Obama , who said he is committed to fighting inequality "  and creating prosperity from the bottom up , " announced a Microfinance Growth Fund for the hemisphere and proposed creating an Energy and Climate Partnership of the Americas "  to promote renewable energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions . " He also vowed to "  take aggressive action " to slash demand for illegal drugs , and to halt the movement of arms and money to Mexico . Obama 's push for a rapprochement with Havana is supported by most Americans , 71 percent of whom said they favor re-establishing diplomatic relations , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll carried out April 3-5 . The poll had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .	President Obama says "  decades of mistrust " must be overcome Summit of Americas comes on heels of U.S. easing travel restrictions Obama : "  I did n't come here to debate the past -- I came here to deal with future "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Palestinian negotiators agreed to give up large swaths of East Jerusalem to Israel during negotiations dating back to 2008 , the Al-Jazeera network said Sunday , suggesting Palestinians have been willing to offer much larger concessions in private than what was previously acknowledged in public . The report is based on a trove of nearly 1,700 internal documents the network said it had obtained . Al-Jazeera did not disclose the source of the material , nor did it say how the documents came into its possession . It said it will be releasing what it has between Sunday and Wednesday of this week . The papers , some of which were posted on the network 's website , shed new light on the details of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from 1999 through last year . They could not be immediately verified by CNN . The documents outline meetings between Israeli , Palestinian and U.S. officials in which Palestinian negotiators offered in 2008 to relinquish claims on nearly all of the settlements built in East Jerusalem . The offer was flatly rejected by the Israeli side , according to the posted documents . Israel seized the eastern half of the city following war with its Arab neighbors in 1967 and considers Jerusalem its sovereign capital . This is a claim rejected by the international community that considers Israeli building in East Jerusalem to be illegal . Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as the capital for their future state . The leaked documents could prove to be politically damaging for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Officials from the Ramallah-based government have consistently condemned growing Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem and disclosures that Palestinians officials were willing to make offers that would allow Israeli construction to continue are likely to be seized on by their critics . In one leaked document from 2010 , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat is quoted as telling a U.S. state department official , "  Israelis want the two-state solution but they do n't trust . They want it more than you think , sometimes more than the Palestinians . What is in that paper  that  gives them the biggest  Jerusalem  in Jewish history ... what more can I give ? " In addition to details about concessions made on the issue of East Jerusalem , Al-Jazeera reported that Palestinian officials also offered compromise positions on sensitive issues like the right of return of Palestinian refugees and control of the Temple Mount , which houses the Al-Aqsa mosque , one of the most important sites in Islam . Wafa , the Palestinian Authority 's news agency , quoted President Abbas telling newspaper editors in Cairo Sunday that he did not know where Al-Jazeera got its information and that there was nothing new to report . U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Sunday night the United States is looking into the purported leak to Al-Jazeera . "  The U.S. government is reviewing the alleged Palestinian documents released by Al-Jazeera . We can not vouch for their veracity , " he tweeted .	Al-Jazeera : It has nearly 1,700 leaked documents related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Palestinians offered compromises on sensitive issues , the documents show Israel reportedly refused the East Jerusalem offer The leak could prove politically damaging for Palestinian Authority President Abbas
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad defied expectations and dashed widespread hopes during an anticipated nationally televised speech Wednesday when he made no mention of lifting a state of emergency . In his rambling 45-minute speech to the National Assembly , he acknowledged that Syrians want reform and that the government has not met their needs . Making several references to an anti-Syria "  conspiracy " and threats to "  stability , " al-Assad said strife can not win out over future reforms . "  Although President al-Assad did acknowledge the need for reform , his failure to address head-on the lifting of the state of emergency smacks of procrastination , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and Africa . "  He could declare this tomorrow if he wanted . "  He should have immediately ordered his security forces to stop using unwarranted force and announced steps towards implementing key human rights reforms . " U.S. State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said "  the speech fell short of the type of reforms the Syrian people demanded " and lacked substance . Al-Assad made few concrete promises after weeks of anti-government demonstrations that have left at least 61 people dead , according to Human Rights Watch . The address "  failed to commit to a specific reform agenda that would safeguard public freedoms and judicial independence and prohibit the Syrian government from encroaching on human rights , " the group said . Reem Haddad , a spokeswoman for the Syrian Information Ministry , told CNN the emergency law "  will be lifted , " but she said procedures must be worked out . "  The president presented his own vision " on an announced package of reforms , Haddad said . Details will come in a "  limited time frame , " she added . Asked if Syrians received enough information , Haddad said , "  I would n't say the people expected more . " At least 16 people were killed after the speech in clashes in the city of Latakia , which has been a center of unrest and the site of ongoing protests for the past few days , an eyewitness and an activist told CNN . They said the deaths happened during clashes between anti-government demonstrators and security and army forces . Haddad denied any deaths in the city . The eyewitness , who did not want to be named for security reasons , said protesters started gathering in central Latakia 's Qitar Square after the speech and chanted , "  No to sectarianism , we want freedom " and "  We stand by Daraa , " the southern city that has seen the most violence since anti-government protests started almost two weeks ago . As the crowd reached several thousand by the afternoon , they said , army personnel and security officers began shooting at the demonstrators . "  Latakia is tense and quiet tonight following the evening 's events , " the eyewitness said . "  We are fearful because we have received today 's violence as a message from the regime coinciding with the president 's speech . " Another eyewitness said protests erupted in the city of Jasem , northwest of Daraa , with thousands of demonstrators in the town square . He said he also heard about demonstrations in other nearby towns . Toner said the Syrians should not interfere with planned Friday demonstrations . Al-Assad spoke a day after the Syrian cabinet resigned amid an unusual wave of unrest across the nation . Also Wednesday , the Reuters news agency reported two of its journalists are missing in Syria . Reuters quoted diplomatic sources as saying correspondent Suleiman al-Khalidi , a Jordanian national based in Amman , had been detained by the Syrian authorities in Damascus on Tuesday . The agency said photographer Khaled al-Hariri , a Syrian based in Damascus , has not been in contact with colleagues since Monday . A Syrian official said authorities were working to establish what had happened to the two men , Reuters reported , adding the agency is "  deeply concerned " about their whereabouts . Two other Reuters journalists were detained by Syrian authorities over the weekend . Television producer Ayat Basma and cameraman Ezzat Baltaji , both Lebanese , were expelled to Lebanon , Reuters reported . Syria is the latest in a string of Arabic-speaking nations beset with discontent over economic and human rights issues . In his speech , al-Assad said Syria 's government will not fall like a domino in a string of Arab revolutions , saying that instead , Syria had kicked the dominoes of the "  conspirators " and that they had fallen instead . Al-Assad also blamed unrest in his country on "  enemies ... working daily and scientifically to undermine the stability of Syria . " He said they were "  stupid in choosing to target Syria . " "  In principle , we support reform and meeting people 's needs , " the president said . "  This is the duty of the state . But we can not be for sedition . " He referred obliquely to the anti-government demonstrations , calling them "  a test of our unity . " Al-Assad said , however , "  we ca n't say that everybody who went out was part of the conspiracy . That would n't be accurate . "  Syria is not isolated from what is happening in the Arab world . We are part of this region , " al-Assad said . "  We influence and are influenced by it , but at the same time we are not a copy of other countries . " Legislators in the People 's Assembly cheered the president when he arrived to begin the speech . The state-run SANA news agency had reported that al-Assad 's speech would "  tackle the internal affairs and the latest events in Syria " and "  reassure the Syrian people . " Al-Assad did make a passing reference to the emergency law , in place for almost 50 years . "  Sometimes we can postpone a certain suffering that may be caused by the emergency law or any other law or necessary measures that the citizen endures , but we can not postpone the suffering of a child whose father can not treat him because he does n't have the money for his medication or when the state does not have this drug or this treatment , " he said . The law allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . In effect since 1963 , it also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . Ihssan Zouabi , a protester in Daraa , called the president 's speech a disappointment because he did n't address demands , including lifting the emergency law . "  We were hopeful prior to the speech but after , everyone was shocked . We were expecting much , much more , " he said . A Syrian rights activist who goes by the alias Malath Aumran for security reasons said he and other Syrians were disappointed . He said people are dying for freedom but the "  martyrs " were n't mentioned . "  For me now , at this time ... actually he said nothing , he did nothing for us , " Aumran said . "  All of what he said was that we are traitors , that we are working for foreign conspiracies against our country , ... that the United States is behind this , what is going on in Syria . " Amnesty 's Luther said the group is "  disturbed by reports that security forces could already be shooting on demonstrators in Latakia who have been protesting against his speech . " Human Rights Watch called on al-Assad to lift the state of emergency , amend a law that allows forces to punish people for peaceful expression , investigate security services and allow the registration of new political parties . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Katy Byron , Rima Maktabi , Tracy Doueiry , Erin McLaughlin and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report	NEW : 16 people are killed in clashes in Latakia NEW : A government spokeswoman denies any deaths there NEW : Two Reuters journalists are reported missing Al-Assad makes a speech without delivering on the emergency law
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chen Xiao had pretty much given up making her own decisions and so decided to throw open her life to the whims of China 's hundreds of millions of Internet users , known in China as netizens . Beijing resident Chen Xiao decided to put her life up for sale after an unhappy 2008 . "  It 's your right to arrange Chen Xiao 's life , and it 's my obligation to serve you , " read her online shop . Since December , Chen has been allowing others to decide what she will do each day , because , for the most part , last year was awful , she said . Her hometown was hit by blizzards , her country rocked by a devastating earthquake , friends divorced and her clothing shop went bankrupt . "  Every time I had a plan for what I wanted my life to be like , nothing would come of it . It was very disappointing . I figured if other people came up with things for me to do , I might stumble upon something new and better , " she told CNN . What she stumbled upon was not only a new life but a new way to make a living . She charges about $ 3 an hour , and she 's been asked to do almost everything from delivering pet food to caring for stray cats to taking a hot lunch to a homeless man . What surprised her the most was not so much the varied requests but being able to find happiness in the process . "  If somebody asks you to do something , something simple , and you do it , it can make you very happy . You can change from a gloomy person to a very bright one . It can help give you a new sense of self-esteem , " she said . So far , the most meaningful assignment she was given was attending a child 's birth -- the father was a complete stranger who just wanted someone to take pictures and share the moment . There are limits to what she will agree to do . She will not do anything illegal , immoral or violent , but she said that has not stopped some from asking . "  When I first started there was this man who would send me these really disgusting text messages . His words were over the top ... nauseating , " she said . There was also a man who wanted to meet her for a few private hours at a ski chalet . When she turned up with a friend to take photographs , he backed out and then demanded a refund , but Chen refused . In many ways she is just a glorified errand girl , but with a unique China twist . Chen is another example here of how in China the Internet is crossing over from cyberspace to the real world . Chen does not know how much longer she will keep taking cyberrequests . For now it is a good way to survive the financial crisis when many others are losing their jobs and businesses are going broke . "  When people stop needing me , I 'll go back to my original life . But I do n't know what will come , " she said . China 's netizens will most likely make that decision for her as well .	26-year-old Chen Xiao put her life online , asking people to fill it with tasks Decision came when she discovered she did n't know what to do with her life Charging $ 3 per hour , Chen has attended births , met strangers among other tasks Chen will not do anything illegal , immoral or violent
CNN  -- Gov. Chris Christie granted interviews to all five major news networks Wednesday morning , reveling in the thumping Republican governors gave Democrats on Election Night . As chairman of the Republican Governors Association , Christie helped raise $ 106 million over the past year and made public appearances with candidates in 26 states , on top of fundraisers and other RGA events in 10 others . Republicans picked up four Democratic-held governorships and held on to key competitive states . "  I love that map this morning , " the New Jersey Republican said on Fox News , with a slightly raspy voice . "  It looks absolutely fabulous . " 4 things Christie said the morning after the midterms For Christie , the night represented a high point after months of controversy surrounding his office 's involvement with the Bridgegate scandal and budget woes in New Jersey . The victories gave him fresh momentum and leadership bona fides as he prepares for a potential presidential run . lt also capped off a year of political growth and learning how to be a "  team player , " said GOP strategist Ford O'Connell . "  Part of the midterms was about widening his political appeal -- it was about collecting chits from donors and activists , " he continued . "  But it was also about demonstrating to fellow Republicans that you can play nice with others in your own party . " Get ready : 2016 starts now Post-midterms , Christie was strategic in trying to keep the candidates in the spotlight Wednesday morning , saying on NBC that "  the candidates deserve the credit -- it 's always about the candidates . " But Phil Cox , the executive director of the RGA , was less bashful , telling reporters on a conference call that Christie "  deserves an immense amount of credit for the leadership he provided . " Cox also argued that the expanded red map puts the GOP in a strong position for 2016 , with Republicans still at the helm in presidential battleground states like Florida , Iowa , Michigan , Ohio , Nevada , New Mexico , and Wisconsin . And Cox predicted "  a number of Republican governors " will likely run for president . For his part , Christie tried to appear no more closer to making his own 2016 decision . Pressed by CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day " to elaborate on the public pressure he 's facing to run , Christie did n't budge , saying only they he 'll make his decision "  based on my own time table and not on anybody else 's . " GOP governors win blue states Asked how he can say no to 2016 after having a successful year , Christie replied : "  I do n't know that you 'd say ` no ' . But I have n't said ` yes . ' " "  That 's a big difference , " he added . On ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Christie said the past year of traveling gave him and his family a better feel for what a national campaign would be like . But Christie said it 's not fair yet to say he 's closer to a 2016 run . "  It 's fair to say that what I 'm looking for is a nap , " he said . Christie also used the morning shows to defend his tough-guy personality , a trait that was on full display last week when he blew up at a heckler who interrupted him at a Superstorm Sandy event , commanding the man to "  sit down and shut up . " Democrats -- and some Republicans -- pounced on the episode to further paint Christie as a bully . But the second-term governor said Wednesday he has no regrets and brushed off criticism that he needs to tame his temperament . "  Why would anybody think that what I did last night was n't controlled , first off ? Why would they think that I did n't do exactly what I wanted to do ? " he said on CNN . As he has several time this year , he hit back against those who say his style wo n't play beyond his home state of New Jersey . "  I 'm going to be myself . If I decide to run for something and that 's not good enough , then that 's not good enough , " he said . I 'm not going to change who I am -- not for anybody . "	Under Chris Christie 's leadership , the GOP gubernatorial campaign arm won key races The success comes as Christie prepares for a potential presidential run His work as chairman helped him lay a solid foundation for a national campaign of his own He talked about Election Night in five interviews Wednesday morning
CNN  Folks on social media are wigging out over the return of a brand that was all that and a bag of chips to alternative youth culture of the 1990s : JNCO jeans . So , what 's the revamp 's dealio ? The brand touts on its new website that "  We have been busy creating a new empire . Are you ready to join us on our new adventure ? ` Judge None , Choose One ' . " Though the brand has been active on Facebook and Twitter since October , the wide-leg reboot gained Internet traction this week after appearing at a fashion trade event in Las Vegas . "  Through the use of experimental fits , cutting-edge techniques and application of fresh , unconventional fabrications , JNCO sets to defy the rules of street wear and re-establish a brand and aesthetic that is purely in a class of its own , " according to its website . Sneak peeks of the upcoming collection hint that it 's more streetwear-focused , with flat-bill caps , graphic tees and grungy plaids , but Generation Y is buzzing for any and all impending Throwback Thursdays as the brand hints at a "  heritage " collection with jeans with 20-inch-plus leg openings . After all , there 's certainly not enough room in today 's skinny jeans to store your Tamagatchi , Dunkaroos and Walkman .	JNCO jeans were popular in the 1990s Their signature look was a super wide-legged jean
Why it 's so difficult to solve America 's gun problem can somewhat be explained within 20 seconds of the 17th episode of "  The Family Guy 's " eighth season . Brian and Stewie are trapped in a bank vault and after some silly banter , which leads to a ridiculous scuffle , Stewie ends up grabbing a gun and pointing it at Brian : Brian : Look , Stewie , c'mon you do n't know how to use that thing . Stewie : Oh really ? What if I hold it sideways like a black guy . Brian : Whoa whoa , c'mon man , take it easy , all right ? I do n't want any trouble . It 's the typical , racially charged bit of satire that defines the animated series , with the added irony being that holding a gun sideways is actually more of a sign of not knowing "  how to use that thing " than holding it correctly . That 's because aiming and thus hitting your target is harder with a side grip . Nonetheless , since the mid-1990s pantomiming holding a gun sideways has been the default pose struck by the misinformed who want to appear intimidating and/or cool . Each time a gun rights advocate talks about the Second Amendment and hunting , I think about the sheep holding their guns to the side . When it comes to the conversation on guns , we must remember one size does not fit all . There are at least two Americas , and one of them is likely populated with folks imitating fictional characters in gangster movies -- unaware that , reportedly , film directors instructed actors to hold the prop that way so they could capture the face and the gun in the same frame . It 's all Hollywood . Pretend . Except for the tens of thousands who are wounded or killed each year in our city streets . Sadly , that 's all too real . And by city streets I mean where predominantly blacks and Latinos live . Pretending the weekly gun violence that grips places such as Chicago and Baltimore does n't run along racial lines is counterproductive . Just as grouping mass school shootings perpetrated by the mentally ill with gang violence is counterproductive . Each time we link an Adam Lanza with FBI statistics about Detroit , we move further from addressing either problem . Those who are truly concerned about the regularly underreported bloodshed in urban America must resist piggybacking the media coverage that swirls around the camera-ready anomalies like Columbine . Stewie making a joke about holding a handgun sideways has very little if anything to do with background checks or mental health care . But it does highlight the shortfalls of public education and the war on drugs . It shines a light on whom the National Rifle Association is not advocating for , as no licensed instructor would tell a student to hold the weapon that way . Instead of constantly searching for sweeping laws that approach all gun violence as one in the same , we need to recognize that the comedic bit in episode 17 of the eighth season of "  The Family Guy " has nothing to do with Newtown . Until we get there in our talks , all we will ever have is talk .	The CNN Guns Project explores the role of guns in the United States One size does not fit all when it comes to talking about guns , Granderson says We ca n't link school shootings with FBI statistics about Detroit , he says Until we stop searching for sweeping laws , all we have is talk , he says
CNN  -- This time Jason Dufner hung on to the lead , and his reward was winning a first major at the PGA Championship . Two years ago at the same tournament , Dufner led by five shots in the dying stages but he crumbled and eventually lost in a playoff to pal Keegan Bradley . Although he 's not one for showing too much emotion , it hurt . Having overtaken overnight leader Jim Furyk at Oak Hill on Sunday , Dufner carried an advantage down the stretch and did n't buckle to beat his fellow American by two shots . His 68 , two under par , was n't as sizzling as his 63 on Friday that tied a low score at a major . However , it marked his third consecutive strong final round at a major -- he hit 67s at the British Open and U.S. Open . Overall he registered a 10-under-par 270 . His lone two bogeys came on the last two holes , when he could afford be cautious . "  To come back from a couple of years ago , when I lost to Keegan in the playoff , feels really , really good , " Dufner said in a televised interview . "  I 'm privileged to play in these tournaments and it is a great feeling to win one . " Dufner 's celebration was typically low key . He hugged wife Amanda and received a congratulatory hug from Bradley . "  I decided I was going to be confident , put my best foot forward , be aggressive and try to win this thing , not be scared or too soft , " Dufner said . "  I 'm happy to get the job done and it is a big step in my career . " Furyk held a one-shot lead entering the final day . By no means was his round poor -- he finished at one-over 71 -- but he could n't match Dufner . Bogeys on the last two holes did n't help . "  I needed to keep the pedal down and make pars there and keep the pressure on him and I just did n't do it , " Furyk was quoted as saying by AFP . He also could n't maintain his lead at last year 's U.S. Open , although Furyk at least owns a major . Swede Henrik Stenson came third , three shots behind Dufner , with Jonas Blixt , another Swede , a further shot adrift . Tiger Woods , meanwhile , will see his drought at majors extend to six years after he finished in a tie for 40th . Woods , still stuck on 14 majors , finished with an even-par 70 . "  Is it concerning ? No , " he told the Golf Channel . "  As I 've said , I 've been there in half of them . So that 's about right . "  If you are going to be in there three quarters or half of them with a chance to win on the back nine , you have just got to get it done . " Woods dealt with an elbow injury earlier in the summer and said he played Sunday with a stiff back . "  It 's been tight all day , " the world No. 1 said . "  Just one of those things . " Fresh off his success at the British Open , Phil Mickelson could n't repeat his heroics at the PGA Championship . But if it was any consolation , Mickelson concluded with a 72 , six shots better than Saturday . He tied for 72nd , better than a mere two players who survived the cut . Defending champion Rory McIlroy had an outside shot of catching the leaders , six shots behind Furyk entering Sunday . But his hopes faded following a triple-bogey seven at the fifth .	Jason Dufner wins the PGA Championship at Oak Hill for his first major Dufner trailed Jim Furyk by a shot overnight but beat his fellow American by two shots Tiger Woods finished in a tie for 40th and British Open champion Phil Mickelson tied for 72nd
London , England  CNN  -- On-form Wayne Rooney came off the bench to score the winner as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-1 in the English League Cup final at Wembley on Sunday . United manager Alex Ferguson opted to rest the England striker , preferring Michael Owen in attack alongside Dimitar Berbatov . Villa took the lead early on when James Milner converted a penalty after the pacey Gabriel Agbonlahor was pulled down in the box by Nemanja Vidic . Vidic was lucky not to receive a red card as he appeared to be the last defender . But United were back on level terms barely seven minutes later when Villa defender Richard Dunne lost the ball to Berbatov . Dunne 's attempt at recovering the situation succeeded only in diverting the ball to the on-rushing Owen . The former Liverpool and Real Madrid frontman slid the ball first time past Brad Friedel and into the net . Owen , who has struggled to claim a regular starting place in the United side , was forced off just before the interval with a hamstring injury . The stage was set for his replacement , Rooney . The 24 year-old did n't disappoint as he nodded in a cross from Antonio Valencia with only 16 minutes remaining . After the match , Ferguson told Sky Sports he decided to drop his match-winner for the game because of the number of key matches coming up for the club -- including the Champions League second leg tie against AC Milan . "  There are a lot of big games coming up now and that 's why we did n't play him today , but he 's had 45 , 50 minutes , " he said . "  Michael Owen had a great first half , but unfortunately he got a hamstring injury and had to come off with that . Wayne comes on and scores the winning goal . With the form he 's in you expect that . " In the English Premier League , Tottenham Hotspur beat Everton 2-1 to regain fourth spot from Manchester City , who shocked leaders Chelsea 4-2 on Saturday . First half goals from in-form Roman Pavlyuchenko and the influential Luka Modric put them in charge at White Hart Lane , but Ayegbeni Yakubu 's reply just after the break set up a tense second half . Liverpool stay a point behind in sixth place after a 2-1 home win over Blackburn with talismen Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres scoring . Keith Andrews drew Blackburn level from the spot but Spanish striker Torres grabbed a valuable winner as he continues his comeback from an injury layoff .	James Milner penalty gave Aston Villa the lead at Wembley Replacement Michael Owen leveled for United but then left pitch injured Substitute Rooney headed the winner 16 minutes from the end Tottenham and Liverpool win in English Premier League in battle for fourth spot
CNN  -- Tennis superstar Roger Federer and longtime partner Mirka Vavrinec are expecting their first baby this summer , the Swiss ace revealed on his personal Web site on Thursday . Federer 's defeat to Nadal in the Australian Open final left him in tears . Describing it as "  awesome news " , he wrote on www.rogerfederer.com . "  Mirka and I are excited to let you know that we will be parents this summer ! Mirka is pregnant and we are so happy to be starting a family together . "  This is a dream come true for us , " the 27-year-old added . "  We love children and we are looking forward to being parents for the first time . Mirka is feeling great and everything is going well . " Federer met Vavrinec at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and she has been his constant companion at tennis events around the world . Former world number one Federer is in Indian Wells in California for the first Masters Series event of the season , his first tournament since his emotional defeat to Rafael Nadal in the final of the Australian Open . "  I arrived in Indian Wells earlier this week and I am eager to get back out on court , " Federer said . "  My back is feeling much better and I am ready to go . " Federer , a 13-time grand slam winner , will look to renew his rivalry with current world number one Nadal in the prestigious tournament having been out of the action since losing in five sets to him in Melbourne . In other tennis news on Thursday , tickets for the first match to be played under the new roof on Wimbledon 's centre court sold out in just five minutes . Husband-and-wife team Andre Agassi and Steffi Graf , both former Wimbledon champions , will be playing mixed doubles when the roof is officially opened on May 17 . Belgian favorite Kim Clijsters and former British number one Tim Henman will also be competing before a capacity 15,000 crowd on the most famous court in tennis . Organizers need to test out the facility ahead of the Wimbledon championships at the end of June .	Roger Federer and longtime girlfriend Mirka Vavrinec expecting their first child Federer broke the news ahead of Masters Series tournament at Indian Wells Tickets for Andre Agassi - Steffi Graf appearance at Wimbledon snapped up
CNN  -- We 've come to know her as Lady Gaga , but before the world tours , "  The Fame " or even the dress made of meat , photographer Malgorzata Saniewska knew her simply as her restaurant co-worker , Stefani Germanotta . In the summer of 2005 , Saniewska , who goes by Maggie , happened to be tending bar at the same West Village restaurant where the 19-year-old soon-to-be star worked as a waitress . Just 24 at the time , Saniewska had moved from her native Poland to the United States two years prior with dreams of becoming a photographer . But to support herself , "  I started working as a bartender , " she recalled . "  It was definitely a money thing . I did want to go to school , but I did n't do research on photography , my focus was to make better money . " Keeping an eye on her bank account is what drove Saniewska to study accounting , leaving photography to become an amateur pursuit for a while . She went from taking landscape photos of New York City to setting up her own shoots , with Gaga being among some of her first ones . "  We were colleagues , we did n't hang out really heavily , but she 's the nicest girl ever . ... She 's down-to-earth , " Saniewska said . "  At that time , she gave me a CD of her first single , and I listened to it and I was really impressed . And she 's a beautiful girl . Based on her looks and her personality I thought  a photo shoot  would be great fun . " CNN Photos : See Malgorzata Saniewska 's exclusive and unseen photos of Lady Gaga Back then , Gaga "  played piano and sang . This 19-year-old girl , she was really talented . She did n't talk about it a lot ,  but  she did say that she studied music . ... I can not even explain to you what she sounds like with just a piano , then or now , " Saniewska said . "  I offered her the photo shoot , and she said yes right away . " Gaga had the perfect location in mind : Her parents ' place on the Upper East Side .  CNN has reached out to Lady Gaga 's rep for comment . The two young women hopped on a train and headed over there , and set to work creating what Saniewska says became Lady Gaga 's first photo shoot , although Saniewska did n't know that at the time . "  The house was empty , it was just the two of us , " Saniewska said . "  I knew she was a singer , so our focus was her and her very first piano . We just hung out in her parents ' living room , and the piano was right by the window . " "  She 's a good model , obviously , " Saniewska added with a laugh . Armed with just her first point-and-shoot camera , Saniewska let the intimate shoot unfold organically . "  We had no plan . " "  We basically walked into her house , she did hair and makeup , picked out the clothes and we started , " she recalled . The lighting was natural : "  No strobe lights , nothing special , no tripods , " she said . "  It was hand-held . " Saniewska , who 's never been formally trained , said she shot around 200 photos that day . After culling through the resulting images , choosing the photos with the best natural lighting , she presented Gaga with a CD of the pictures . The burgeoning singer was happy with them , and used some of the art for her own promotional materials . Of course , there 's no way Saniewska could have known that the young woman she photographed on a summer day in 2005 would become the international superstar she is today . As a matter of fact , Saniewska says that at first , when she saw her as Lady Gaga , she did n't recognize her , having been accustomed to her as a long-haired brunette waitress . Even as Gaga 's fame continued to grow , Saniewska kept those early photos to herself "  out of respect , " she said , particularly because she was n't in touch with her . And then , she just so happened to bump into her old colleague in 2010 . "  I actually ran into her in the East Village , and she came up to me . She was already Lady Gaga , and we spoke a little , and she leaned on me , and she said in my ear , ` Did you know that this was my first photo shoot ? ' I had no idea , " Saniewska said . "  She was really excited . From that moment on I figured I could do something about it . And she 's OK with it . " Saniewska hopes that those viewing the photos will get to see another side of Gaga , a peek at who the star was before the world knew her name . But even with all the fame , to Saniewska , she 's "  still the same girl . The fact that we ran into each other and she came up to me - she did n't say ` Hi ' and run off . She stood there for 15 minutes , just chatting . She remembered my name , she remembered who I was , and she had so much to say . She 's still the same person to me . "	Malgorzata Saniewska worked at the same restaurant where Stefani Germanotta worked "  I offered her the photo shoot , and she said yes right away , " Saniewska said Saniewska kept those early photos to herself "  out of respect , " she said Saniewska hopes that those viewing the photos will get to see another side of Gaga
Editor 's note : Andrew J. Imparato is chief executive of the American Association of People with Disabilities  AAPD  , a national nonprofit , nonpartisan membership organization of people with disabilities , their family members and supporters that was founded in 1995 . Andrew J. Imparato says Kennedy 's family experience helped drive his commitment to disability rights . CNN  -- The disability rights movement has lost a giant in our global struggle for equal opportunity , human dignity and self-determination . Sen. Ted Kennedy 's leadership as a disability champion was part of a broader commitment to civil and human rights . But his accomplishments in the area of disability law and policy may prove to be his greatest and most long-lasting success as a legislator . Senator Kennedy 's commitment to the cause of disability rights was informed by his experience as the brother of Rosemary , who was born with an intellectual disability ; and the brother of Eunice , who devoted her life to improving the world 's treatment of people with intellectual disabilities . It was deepened when his son Ted Jr. had his leg amputated at age 12 after being diagnosed with bone cancer ; and deepened again when his son Patrick experienced bipolar disorder and substance abuse as an adult . Senator Kennedy understood disability as a human issue because he had a front-row seat from which to witness society 's all-too-often callous and bigoted treatment of children and adults with disabilities . In his heart of hearts , Senator Kennedy understood that America was at its best when it expanded opportunities for people with all types of disabilities , for women , for immigrants , for racial and ethnic minorities , for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered people , for infants and children and for seniors . He was able to couple this understanding and commitment with a knack for finding Republican and moderate Democrat partners and working out legislation that could pass with enormous bipartisan support . When the Americans with Disabilities Act  ADA  passed in 1990 , the vote in the Senate was 91-6 . That vote was the product of hours of cajoling and negotiating between Senator Kennedy , his Democratic allies Tom Harkin and Steny Hoyer , the George H.W. Bush White House , Senators Bob Dole and Orrin Hatch , and others . The ADA was a once-in-a-lifetime piece of civil rights legislation . Thanks to the ADA , the U.S. demonstrated to the world that it was possible to mandate that buses , telecommunications , buildings and schools be accessible . Our country showed the world that it is possible to outlaw discrimination in employment against people with disabilities without harming businesses . The example of the ADA helped more than 70 foreign countries pass similar legislation , and laid the foundation for the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , which is driving even more change globally as the 65 countries who have signed and ratified the convention seek to pass implementing legislation . Senator Kennedy 's legacy extends from the ADA to so many other critical bills : the Family and Medical Leave Act , the Fair Housing Act Amendments of 1988 , which added disability to the group of protected classes under that critical law ; the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act , which outlaws discrimination and guarantees a free appropriate public education to all children with disabilities ; the Family Opportunity Act , which gives parents of disabled children the ability to purchase Medicaid coverage for their children even if they were not low-income ; the Help America Vote Act , which requires every polling place to have a machine where disabled people could vote privately and independently ; and the more recent Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act and mental health parity legislation . As an attorney with bipolar disorder who graduated from law school in 1990 , I am one of a generation of professionals who have developed our careers in the wake of the ADA and other critical laws that protect our right to equal opportunity and fairness . I have personally benefited from Senator Kennedy 's leadership . I have had the privilege of working closely with his extraordinary sons Ted and Patrick and with his top notch staff . I can not imagine a more effective champion for disability rights , for civil rights , for health care , for basic human decency , than Edward M. Kennedy . His legacy will be felt by more than 600 million children and adults with disabilities around the world for generations to come . We have lost a champion , and we must all work harder to continue to make progress toward his compelling vision of a world where all people have value , all people have dignity , and all people can participate as equals in the lives of their communities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew J. Imparato .	Andrew Imparato : Kennedy 's family helped spark interest in disability rights He says Kennedy 's involvement in pushing the ADA legislation was key He says the ADA has helped create a global movement for rights Imparato : His legacy will be felt by 600 million people with disabilities
CNN  -- Once upon a time , the idea of having a trained , disciplined , cultivated memory was not nearly so strange a notion as it might seem to be today . People invested in their memories , in laboriously furnishing their minds . Over the last few millennia , we 've invented a series of technologies -- from the alphabet to the printed book to the photograph to the iPhone -- that have made it easier and easier for us to externalize our memories and essentially outsource this fundamental human capacity . These technologies have made our modern world possible , but they 've also changed us . They 've changed us culturally , and I would argue that they 've changed us cognitively . Having little need to remember anymore , it sometimes seems as if we 've forgotten how . One of the last places where you still find people passionate about the idea of a disciplined , cultivated memory is a strange contest held each spring in New York called the USA Memory Championship . Contestants compete to see who can memorize the most lines of poetry , the most names of strangers , even the most random digits in five minutes . Watch Joshua Foer 's TED Talk The sport of competitive memorizing is driven by a kind of arms race . Each year someone comes up with a new technique to remember more stuff more quickly , forcing the rest of the field to play catch up . Three-time World Memory Champion Ben Pridmore invented a memory system , which he alone has mastered , that allowed him to memorize the precise order of 28 shuffled packs of playing cards in one hour . He used a similar trick to memorize the precise order of 4,140 random binary digits in half an hour . Even more incredible than the mere fact of this feat is that this is not an innate talent , but rather a skill he taught himself . TED.com : How your brain tells you where you are While there are lots of different tricks for remembering better , all of the techniques used in these memory contests ultimately come down to a concept that psychologists refer to as elaborative encoding . And it 's well illustrated by a strange kind of forgetfulness that psychologists have dubbed the "  Baker/baker paradox . " The paradox goes like this : A researcher shows two people the same photograph of a face and tells one of them that the guy is a baker and the other that his last name is Baker . A couple of days later , the researcher shows the same two subjects the same photograph and asks for the accompanying word . The person who was told the man 's profession is much more likely to remember it than the person who was given his surname . Why should that be ? Same photograph . Same word . Different amount of remembering . TED.com : The real reason for brains When you hear that the man in the photo is a baker , that fact gets embedded in a whole network of ideas about what it means to be a baker : He cooks bread , he wears a big white hat , he smells good when he comes home from work . The name Baker , on the other hand , is tethered only to a memory of the person 's face . That link is tenuous , and should it dissolve , the name will float off irretrievably into the netherworld of lost memories .  When a word feels like it 's stuck on the tip of the tongue , it 's likely because we 're accessing only part of the neural network that "  contains " the idea , but not all of it .  But when it comes to the man 's profession , there are multiple strings to reel the memory back in . Even if you do n't at first remember that the man is a baker , perhaps you get some vague sense of breadiness about him , or see some association between his face and a big white hat , or maybe you conjure up a memory of your own neighborhood bakery . There are any number of knots in that tangle of associations that can be traced back to his profession . TED.com : A computer that works like the brain As I describe in my book "  Moonwalking With Einstein " , the art of remembering better in memory competition -- and to remembering better in everyday life -- is about figuring out how to turn capital "  B " Bakers into lowercase "  b " bakers . It 's about taking information that is lacking in context , lacking in meaning and figuring out a way to transform it so that it makes sense in the light of all the other things that you have floating around in your mind . Pridmore uses a complicated technique to memorize decks of playing cards and strings of binary digits , but we can all take advantage of the Baker/baker paradox . If you want to make something memorable , you first have to make it meaningful . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joshua Foer .	Josha Foer observed the 2005 USA Memory Championship and won it in 2006 He says you can teach yourself to remember a lot of information effectively One of the keys is to associate a word or a fact with other things you remember , Foer says Foer : "  If you want to make something memorable , you first have to make it meaningful "
Editor 's note : This is part of a series of reports CNN.com is featuring from an upcoming , six-hour television event , "  God 's Warriors , " hosted by CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Sondra Oster Baras : "  Israel has many enemies . We have to take advantage of every single one of our friends . " MELBOURNE , Florida  CNN  -- Sondra Oster Baras is an Orthodox Jew doing an unorthodox job . "  If you had asked me 10 years ago what I would be doing with my life , I do n't think I would have told you I 'd be in church , " she said . Baras stumps for money from evangelical Christians to support Jewish settlements in the occupied territories -- land she calls biblical Israel . A recent stop finds her in Melbourne , Florida , visiting Pastor Gary Christofaro at his First Assembly Church of God . Christofaro and his flock take their Jewish roots so seriously that on Friday nights they observe the Jewish Sabbath with Hebrew prayers . This is not just religious ritual . They support Israel -- which to them includes Jewish settlements on the occupied West Bank . Church members tour settlements with Baras and have donated more than a $ 100,000 to support them . "  If it was n't for what the Jews brought to Christianity , there would be no Christianity , " Christofaro said . "  There is a promise to those who bless Israel to be blessed . Those who curse it will be cursed . " Christofaro and Baras are part of a growing alliance between evangelical Christians and Israelis . Watch the bond between observant Jews and evangelical Christians " A recent poll found that 59 percent of American evangelicals believe Israel is the fulfillment of biblical prophecy . The Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs estimates 85 million evangelicals believe God tells them to support Israel -- more than six times the world 's Jewish population . One of the most successful Jewish fundraisers , Rabbi Yechiel Eckstein , raised $ 39 million last year from Christian Zionists to fund human services and humanitarian work in Israel and the settlements . Christian Zionists often converge on Washington by the thousands to lobby members of Congress in support of Israel . Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , was among the speakers at last month 's convention of Christians United for Israel . "  There are a lot more Christian Zionists in America than Jewish Zionists , " the former Democratic vice presidential candidate told the group . "  The support of Christian Zionists today is critical to Israel 's security and strength and to America 's security and strength . " Watch behind-the-scenes with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour for the making of the TV special "  God 's Warriors " Back in church , Baras told the congregation : "  We need to stand together so that our governments will believe that the land of Israel , the entire land of Israel , belongs to the Jewish people . " Baras said God called her to this work . She left her high-powered , high-paid job as a Wall Street lawyer and moved to Israel in 1984 . "  I was never fully American , " she explained . "  I was Jewish . " Judaism was not only her religion but also her nationality . "  We learned how to read Hebrew before we learned how to read English , " she said . Her parents , who narrowly escaped the Holocaust , sent her to Zionist summer camps that championed the Jewish homeland . "  My parents felt very safe in America ... but there was always a part of them that said there needs to be an Israel in the event that we have another Hitler . Put it all together and I could n't help but be a Zionist . " Baras moved her family to Karnei Shomron , a settlement deep inside the West Bank . "  Just by building my house ... I was strengthening the Jewish presence here in Samaria , " she said , referring to a biblical name for the northern part of the West Bank . In 2002 , a Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up inside a pizza parlor in her neighborhood , killing three children . She said she fought back by encouraging support from evangelical Christians in America . "  If we give any part of that land to the Arabs , we are looking at terrorism , " she told a church audience . Christofaro 's Florida congregation responded with money -- all while singing a prayer for peace in perfect Hebrew . Their money builds parks , child care centers and music therapy programs -- projects that make Jewish life in the settlements more comfortable . And more permanent . "  If you do n't live somewhere , if you do n't take possession of it , it is not yours , " Baras said . Some people say Jews and evangelical Christians make strange bedfellows , given historical anti-Semitism . "  Because of this doctrine of a Jew being a Christ-killer ... so much hatred and anti-Semitism has been propagated throughout the Earth , " Christofaro said . Now such historic anti-Semitism has given way to an urgent support of Israel among some evangelicals , many of whom believe that when Jews live in all of the Holy Land -- what they call Greater Israel -- only then will Christ return and true believers be raptured up to heaven . "  It is a controversial issue here in Israel as to whether we should be partnering with the Christians in any way , " Baras said . It 's controversial in part because in the judgment day scenario embraced by some evangelicals , Jews who do n't convert to Christianity burn in hell . But Baras said she is n't worried . "  I know that I 'm not going to burn in hell because I did n't accept Jesus , because I do n't believe Jesus is the Messiah , " she said . "  So how could I possibly be threatened ? " Baras concedes the alliance between God 's Jewish and Christian warriors may seem odd to some people . But if Baras is anything , she 's practical . "  Israel has many enemies , " she said . "  We have to take advantage of every single one of our friends . " E-mail to a friend CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report , along with CNN producers Andy Segal , Jen Christensen and Steve Goldberg .	Orthodox Jew asks evangelical Christians to fund West Bank settlements Florida church among supporters , writing checks and observing Jewish Sabbath Poll found 59 % of U.S. evangelicals believe Israel is fulfillment of prophecy One rabbi raised $ 39 million last year from Christian Zionists for Israel
CNN  -- It 's normally a story of man versus beast -- but in this case the man is a three-year-old girl , and her wild encounter is thrilling online viewers around the world . The video shows young New Zealander Sofia Walker facing off with a large lion on a viewing platform while visiting the Wellington Zoo with her family last week . Malik the lion had just been given his breakfast when he noticed Sofia pressing up against the viewing glass . The big cat then twitches , glares and growls at the young girl just inches away from her face , before abruptly standing up on its hind legs and violently pawing the separating glass . Giggling , she asks her mother what the lion is trying to tell her . "  I think he 's telling you to move away , Sofia . He wants to eat his food , " her mother replies . Instead she continues the face-off , only to see Malik again attack the glass . "  He 's massive and you sometimes forget how big he is until you see a picture of him right up next to a small child . He 's a big character , " Wellington Zoo team leader of carnivores and primates Paul Hatton told the New Zealand Herald . He added that Malik was a "  dark-natured " lion who was "  quite stroppy . " Sofia 's father was n't completely sure why the incident took place , but was prepared to offer two explanations . "  Maybe the lion felt threatened that Sofia would try and take his breakfast . Or maybe he preferred to eat her , " he said . The video is being showcased in online media around the world , including CBS , The Telegraph , the New York Daily News , and The Sydney Morning Herald .	Video shows young New Zealand girl facing off with a large lion called Malik The big cat glares and growls at the young girl just inches away from her face Zoo keeper : Malik is a huge and ` dark-natured ' lion who is ` quite stroppy '
CNN  -- There will be no more Mo ` ne Davis , at least for now . The Sports Illustrated cover girl and her Philadelphia team are out of the Little League World Series after losing an elimination game Thursday night in Williamsport , Pennsylvania , to a squad from Chicago . Mo ` ne 's Taney Dragons jumped out to a quick 2-0 lead , but it did n't last . The Jackie Robinson West Little League club went ahead 4-2 in the bottom of the first inning , and added two more runs the next frame . Taney narrowed the score to 6-4 in the fourth inning , then to 6-5 the next . But despite advancing the tying runner to third base in the bottom of the sixth and final inning , the Dragons could n't finish off the comeback . The result means Chicago will face off against Las Vegas at 3:30 p.m. ET Saturday for the U.S. championship . The winner of that game plays for the World Series title on Sunday . It also ends Mo ` ne 's high-profile run on youth baseball 's biggest stage . While other girls have played in the World Series , none have gotten the same attention as the South Philadelphia resident and Taney Dragons standout . The 13-year-old became a national sensation after tossing a shutout -- giving up three hits and notching six strikeouts in the process -- to help Taney become one of the final 16 World Series contenders . Mo ` ne persistently deflected attention to her teammates -- all of them boys -- even as the media consistently made her the headline . She recalled how she happened into baseball after a coach spotted her tossing a football , how her stellar play caught some off-guard and how she interacts with her teammates . One would expect , then , that this will all die down . Mo ` ne is too old to be in another World Series . But that does n't mean we wo n't hear from her again . The Sports Illustrated cover says it straight out : "  Mo ` ne -- remember her name  as if we could ever forget  . " The accompanying story says Mo ` ne 's first love is basketball and her dream is to play for legendary coach Geno Auriemma 's University of Connecticut team . Elliott Hughes-Taylor does n't doubt Mo ` ne can do it , saying she "  completely dominated the Philly league  despite  every play matching up with 6-foot-2 , 6-3 boys . " "  Everyone 's seen her pitch , " Hughes-Taylor , Mo ` ne 's coach in soccer , told SI . "  Well , I promise you , she 's five times better at basketball . " Meet Mo ` ne Davis	Mo ` ne Davis is a star pitcher for a Philadelphia Little League team -- and a girl The World Series ' most hyped player makes the cover of Sports Illustrated Her team loses 6-5 to Chicago , failing to advance to the U.S. championship game
CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that Israel could accept a peace agreement with a "  demilitarized Palestinian state " as its neighbor . Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu said he would agree to peace with Palestinians . In his first speech accepting the concept of a two-state solution for the Middle East conflict , Netanyahu set rigid conditions for moving forward . Among them : unequivocal Palestinian recognition of Israel as the Jewish national state with Jerusalem as its capital , and full demilitarization for a Palestinian state -- no army , no rockets or missiles , no control of airspace . "  I say this in a clear voice -- if we receive a guarantee of this demilitarized unit , we will be prepared to reach agreement to a demilitarized Palestine side by side with the Jewish state , " Netanyahu said , according to a direct translation of his speech at Bar-Ilan University 's Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies in Ramat Gan , Israel . Initial Palestinian reaction was negative , with Palestinian legislator Mustafa Barghouti saying Netanyahu was calling for creation of a ghetto state . "  He is proving there is no partner for peace in Israel , " Barghouti told CNN . Chief Palestinian Negotiator Saeb Erakat said Netanyahu "  left us with nothing to negotiate as he systematically took nearly every permanent status issue off the table . " "  He announced a series of conditions and qualifications that render a viable , independent and sovereign Palestinian state impossible , " Erakat said . "  This speech fell far short of every single one of the benchmarks required of Israel in line with international law and existing agreements , " he said , including the 2003 Roadmap for Peace . Netanyahu 's speech , billed as a major statement on the peace process , follows President Obama 's recent high-profile speech to the Muslim world and a visit to the region by Obama 's Middle East envoy , former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell . Obama welcomed Netanyahu 's speech as "  an important step forward " and said the president remained committed to a two-state solution that would ensure Israel 's security and provide the Palestinians "  a viable state , " according to a White House statement . Obama pledged to continue working with all parties "  to see that they fulfill their obligations and responsibilities , " the statement said . Netanyahu , of the center-right Likud party , previously refused to endorse a two-state solution . Netanyahu sounded themes popular with his conservative followers , repeatedly referring to Israel as the Jewish national homeland and demanding recognition of that by all Arab foes , including the Palestinians , for any chance at a peace agreement . He prompted applause with his statement that "  the land of Israel is homeland to the Jewish people , and that is the basis of our right to it . " "  The Palestinian leadership must rise up and say in a very straight way that we are tired of this conflict , we will recognize the right of the Jewish people to have a national homeland in this part of the world , " Netanyahu said , according to the direct translation . He said Jerusalem would remain the capital of Israel -- refusing to yield on a sensitive issue for Palestinians -- and that a Palestinian state would have to be fully demilitarized to ensure the safety of Israel . Obama , in his June 4 speech in Cairo , Egypt , endorsed a two-state solution and urged compromise between "  two peoples with legitimate aspirations . " He repeated his call for both Israel and the Palestinians to fulfill all obligations under the 2003 Roadmap for Peace , including a halt to any expansion of West Bank settlements by Israel . Obama called America 's bond with Israel "  unbreakable " but said Palestinians have suffered in pursuit of a homeland . He also called for an end to Palestinian incitement against Israel and greater security in Palestinian territories . On Sunday , Netanyahu acknowledged the suffering on both sides from the continuing Middle East conflict , but insisted the roots of the conflict came from the Arab world 's refusal to accept Israel 's right to exist .	NEW : President Obama calls Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech "  important step forward " Palestinian legislator accuses Netanyahu of calling for creation of ghetto state Demilitarized state could not have army or control its airspace , he says Before Sunday , Netanyahu had not endorsed a two-state solution
CNN  -- The Taliban have been forced out of power , Osama bin Laden is dead , and al Qaeda , by many accounts , is not nearly as powerful as it once was . But 10 years after the start of the war in Afghanistan , many issues still plague the country . Insurgent violence remains a major problem , as the Taliban have regrouped in recent years . Questions also persist about the long-term viability of the Afghan government led by President Hamid Karzai . U.S. President Barack Obama has said that combat operations in Afghanistan will end by 2014 , but the country 's future is still very much in the air . Where will Afghanistan be 10 years from now ? CNN.com asked five people -- either Afghans or Afghanistan experts -- to explain what they think is the most important thing needed for a successful Afghanistan . Here 's what they had to say . Menon : Disperse power to the provinces Rajan Menon is a professor and the chairman of the international relations department at Lehigh University . He recently wrote "  The End of Alliances , " which examines U.S. foreign policy . After a decade fighting the Taliban , the United States still faces a resilient insurgency , one that will neither surrender nor pursue serious negotiations . But the Taliban 's tenacity is not the main problem ; it 's that Afghans overwhelmingly  and rightly  regard President Hamid Karzai 's regime as irredeemably inept and corrupt . Battlefield successes against the Taliban wo n't matter unless an Afghan government emerges with the capacity and legitimacy to govern . The United States can scarcely remake the Afghan government . But it can goad Karzai to disperse power to the provinces . If locally elected politicians with grass-roots support replace central-government appointees , the Taliban will find it harder to operate . Simultaneously , the U.S. should accelerate the training of Afghan security forces . It should be doing its utmost to help Afghanistan build the most effective military and police force possible . This is the most feasible strategy given the enormity of the problem and paucity of time . Anything more ambitious is wishful thinking . Calls to get tough with Pakistan are commonplace . But squeezing Pakistan would generate a backlash in a country already rife with anti-Americanism . Besides , it would n't work . Nayib : We must unite as a nation Naweed Ahmad Nayib is an Afghan iReporter living and working in Kabul . He is also studying at the American University of Afghanistan , majoring in political science and public administration . The most important thing Afghanistan must do is prioritize the idea of one nation -- a nation without tribal , ethnic or other differences . Until we are united under one identity , we wo n't be successful in the future . In order to have a legitimate government with the participation of large segments of the population , the government has to unite the people . The government also has to work with the nation 's interests at heart and not their own . The importance of governance at the local and regional level is very important ; therefore it is vital that power is shared among all groups equally . And high-level government positions should be appointed on merit , not corrupt political deals or non-transparent criteria . The system must also work to exclude the involvement of warlords in the system . None of them has knowledge or the experience to be a part of this system , but most of them are actually running it now . In the long run , Afghanistan has to transform from a centralized model of governance to a decentralized one . That way , every province can come up with creative ideas and further build the bond between the communities and the government . Mosadiq : Defend basic human rights Horia Mosadiq , Amnesty International 's Afghanistan researcher , has more than 15 years of experience advocating for human rights , justice and gender issues in Afghanistan . In 2007 , she brought victims of war crimes to testify before Karzai . She is also a survivor of human rights abuses in Afghanistan . Hopes were high in Afghanistan following the international intervention 10 years ago . But since then , human rights gains have been put at risk by corruption , mismanagement and attacks by insurgent groups who have shown systematic contempt for human rights and the laws of war . Today , many Afghans dare to hope for improvements in human rights in their country : to be able to go about their lives without fear of attack , to have access to basic services , education and work . For women , there is also the hope that they will have genuine and meaningful representation in policy and decision-making . For success , it 's imperative that the Afghan government and its international supporters back these hopes with concrete action to defend them . There have been many international conferences on Afghanistan , much talk , and new benchmarks for success have been discussed and set many times . Yet a lack of success -- rather , many failures -- has not been acknowledged or properly remedied , either by the Afghan government or its international partners . An Amnesty International scorecard on the state of human rights in Afghanistan has found some progress in enacting human rights laws , reducing discrimination against women and increasing access to education and health care . However , progress on justice and policing , human security and displacement has faltered . Civilian deaths are increasing , and Afghans living in areas heavily affected by the insurgency have seen a serious deterioration in their living conditions . The Afghan government 's international allies , including the U.S. , have repeatedly said that they will not abandon the Afghan people . For success in Afghanistan , they must stand by this commitment and ensure that rights are not swept aside as the international community seeks an exit . Daiyar : Education , development can help fight extremism Abbas Daiyar is an Afghan journalist on the editorial board of the Daily Outlook Afghanistan , Afghanistan 's first independent English-language newspaper . His views can also be found on his blog , Kabul Perspective . Afghanistan is a war-ravaged country that has gone through three decades of crisis and chaos . For all those years , governance has been nonexistent . There has also been a lack of socioeconomic structures . So Afghanistan can not become a model society overnight . Of course , peace and security are the utmost requirement to Afghanistan 's future success , but there are other major factors to consider . We have not had a stable political system for the entire history of Afghanistan . We have never had a peaceful transition to power , just bloody coups and assassinations . During our entire history , the strongest rulers in Kabul have never had control over all parts of Afghanistan . We need a viable alternative , decentralized power and a continued movement toward a democratic system that assures long-term political stability in the country . Only a stable and democratic system can ensure good governance and socioeconomic development , which is the remedy for most of Afghanistan 's problems . Religious fanaticism , a root cause of militant extremism , is a product of ignorance and illiteracy . It can be fought through education . Jones : Afghans must feel empowered Kimberly Jones is a faculty associate at the Middle East Center for Peace , Culture and Development at Northeastern University . A successful Afghanistan requires a more pronounced shift away from the rhetoric and reality that is still underlying some policymaking . Instead of "  fixing " or "  patching " Afghanistan , there should be an increased focus on empowerment , particularly at the local and regional levels . Empowerment should center on creative strategies and tactics designed to transform the conflict : facilitating economic self-sufficiency , reducing corruption and creating sustainable local and national governance institutions . This is about the Afghans building something from the bottom up and being able to set and meet goals so their expectations for the future are realistic and are n't frustrated . This is about security -- theirs and ours . An empowerment approach must unfold with the understanding that Afghanistan is a complex country partly because of its diversity . With differences in ethnicity , religion , tribes and clans , careful planning will have to ensure that one particular group does n't have an unfair advantage over another . It will also need to give due consideration to the influence of Afghanistan 's neighbors , some of whom do not play well with one another and want to manipulate Afghan politics for their own ends . History has taught us that the Afghans can not , and indeed should not , be controlled . Over time , empowerment places responsibility and accountability with the Afghan people for their own affairs -- where it should be .	It has been 10 years since the start of the war in Afghanistan Progress has been made in the country , but some issues still remain Afghans , Afghanistan experts describe what they think the country needs most
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish officials engaged in last-minute shuttle diplomacy with their restive neighbor Syria and repeated calls for restraint ahead of what is expected to be another violent day of protests across the Arab nation on Friday . Turkey 's National Security Council met on Thursday in Ankara to specifically address the increasingly bloody crisis , which some analysts fear could spill over to the Turkish side of the border . The council issued a statement calling for Syrian security forces to act with restraint and for the government to implement swift reforms to satisfy demonstrators . "  It is important that necessary steps are taken rapidly and in a determined way in order to establish social peace and stability in brotherly , friendly Syria , to put an end to the violence and to maintain security of life , basic rights and freedoms , " the council announced . Also , the head of Turkey 's national intelligence agency , the MIT , traveled to Damascus on Thursday for high-level talks . The wave of unrest that has swept across the Arab world this year surprised the Turkish government as it was dramatically expanding ties with its Arab neighbors . Syria has perhaps been the greatest beneficiary of what the Turkish government calls its "  Zero Problems " foreign policy initiative with Turkey 's neighbors . In the late 1990s , Syria and Turkey were on the brink of war because of Syrian support for Kurdish rebels battling the Turkish state . But in recent years , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad have become close political allies . The two leaders have vacationed together with their wives along the Turkish coast . And last year , Erdogan lifted visa restrictions on Syrian visitors and announced Syrians should treat Turkey as their "  second home . " When pro-democracy protests erupted in Egypt , Erdogan was swift to call for embattled Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak to listen to the voices of his people and step down . But Erdogan has been much more restrained about criticizing al-Assad , even as Syrian tanks encircled the rebellious southern town of Daraa and more than 400 demonstrators were killed across the country in the growing government crackdown . "  Turkey has to reckon that in some cases of the Arab Spring , it just may be on the wrong side of history , " wrote Turkey expert Henri Barkey , in an article released this week by the Carnegie Endowment for Peace . "  As much as Turkey thought it was on the side of change , it has become a status quo power ... with its own vested interests , commercial concerns , and close ties with regimes . " As the death toll mounts in Syria , a growing number of voices in Turkish newspapers normally sympathetic to the Erdogan government have been calling for Turkey to re-evaluate its cozy relationship with the Assad regime . " ` Zero problems ' with neighbors who know how to kill , " wrote Yavuz Baydar in the pro-government Today 's Zaman newspaper this week . "  Ankara should not resort to double standards when it comes to autocratic regimes in the Middle East killing their own people , " wrote columnist Lale Kemal in the same newspaper . Turkey has also come under fire in Libya from rebels who have accused Ankara of supporting the Moammar Gadhafi regime in Tripoli . Last year , Erdogan received a human rights prize from Gadhafi , and earlier this month , the Libyan opposition movement refused to allow a Turkish ship to dock in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . Demonstrators also staged a protest outside the Turkish Consulate in Benghazi . The escalating Syrian conflict may not only embarrass the Turkish government ; some analysts warn it could destabilize Turkey . Experts point to Saddam Hussein 's crackdown on rebellious Kurds in northern Iraq in 1991 , which resulted in a flood of refugees spilling over the Turkish border . Over the past two years , much smaller numbers of refugees fled to Turkey to escape the crushing of pro-democracy protests in Iran -- another authoritarian neighbor that enjoys booming economic ties with Turkey . So far , Turkish officials say they have not seen an increase in the number of Syrians fleeing government persecution . But officials are clearly worried about this possibility . "  You have to think of all kinds of scenarios , " said Selim Yenel , undersecretary of Turkey 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , in a phone interview with CNN . "  People have asked if we are our reassessing our visa policy -LSB- with Syria -RSB- . And we 're not , " Yenel said . Instead , Yenel said Turkey 's intelligence chief traveled to Damascus on Thursday leading a delegation that is offering to advise the Assad regime on how to implement reforms aimed at satisfying the growing protest movement . "  They were going to talk about public administration , how to reform it economically and politically , " Yenel said . "  All this has to be done as quickly as possible so people can feel the changes . "	The Arab unrest surprised the Turkish government Erdogan , al-Assad and their wives have vacationed together Some analysts say the Syrian conflict could destabilize Turkey
CNN  -- A Chicago grandmother pleads for a respite as television cameras roll : "  Y' all out here killing these innocent people , kids , parents , grandparents , mothers , fathers : It 's got to stop . You need to stop . " Semehca Nunn 's grandson , Deonta Howard , was in a hospital after being shot in the head Thursday night . In all , 13 people were . None of the victims suffered life-threatening injuries , but that fact offered little relief . Once again , Chicago is in the spotlight over gun violence ; a reminder that it is the city with the highest number of homicides in the country . An assault-style rifle with a high-capacity magazine was used in the shooting , which appears to be gang-related , Chicago Police Superintendent Garry F. McCarthy said Friday . The violence "  needs to stop , " a tearful Nunn said after she came home to find police and television cameras all around . It was only then that she learned that her grandson had been shot in the ear and that the bullet exited through his mouth . Deonta 's condition has stabilized , and he is heavily sedated and will have plastic surgery on his face , Nunn said . "  They said he is going to be OK , " she said . "  That 's what Grandma gave him , strong man , 3 years old , strong survivor . " The other victims include two 15-year-olds who were listed in stable condition , said Officer Ron Gaines of the Chicago Police Department . The rest were adults ages 21 to 41 . Video from CNN affiliate WLS-TV showed police had taped off an outdoor basketball court at Cornell Square Park . No suspects were in custody as of Friday , and police were focused on interviewing witnesses and victims and gathering any video that may be available . "  We need to keep illegal guns and military-type weapons out of our communities , " McCarthy said . "  Illegal guns drive violence . Military-type weapons , like the one we believe to have been used in this shooting , belong on a battlefield , not on a street or in a corner or in a park . " The nation needs a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines , he said . "  It 's a miracle in this instance there have been no fatalities based on the lethality " of the weapon used Thursday , McCarthy said . There was a basketball game being played when the shooting happened , the police superintendent said . People were enjoying the park as they do on any other day . The shooting prompted Mayor Rahm Emanuel to cancel a trip to Washington . "  Senseless and brazen acts of violence have no place in Chicago and betray all that we stand for , " the mayor 's office said in a statement . "  The perpetrators of this crime will be brought to justice and prosecuted to the full extent of the law . I encourage everyone in the community to step forward with any information and everyone in Chicago to continue their individual efforts to build stronger communities where violence has no place . " Chicago 's record murder rate : Do n't blame guns alone "  It 's pretty frustrating , it 's very disappointing this is happening in our neighborhood once again , " said the Rev. Corey Brooks , a spokesman for the 3-year-old 's family . On any given day , any child in the park or walking to school can be shot , until the community does something about it , he said . "  The truth is that in Chicago , we are facing murders every single day on the south side and west side , " Brooks said . "  Blacks and Latinos are facing extreme violence . " Opinion : Treat Chicago gangs as terrorists Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said he was saddened by what he called "  horrific violence . " "  We pray for the swift recovery of all the shooting victims , and our hearts go out to their families , " he said in a statement . "  This senseless violence must be stopped . " The January shooting death of another child , 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton , brought national attention to Chicago because the band majorette had performed in Washington at events surrounding President Barack Obama 's inauguration in January . The president invited Pendleton 's parents to his State of the Union address in February . Obama mentioned her in that speech and a few days later when he returned to Chicago , his hometown , for another speech in which he pressed for stricter gun laws . Police charged two men in Pendleton 's death . They said the two were gang members seeking revenge and mistook Pendleton for someone else . The FBI 's annual crime report this week showed Chicago had 500 homicides in 2012 , up from 431 in 2011 and more than any other American city . Chicago officials have said homicides this year are below the 2012 pace . Still , Chicago does not have the highest homicide rate in the United States . That unwanted distinction belongs to Flint , Michigan , with one homicide for every 1,613 residents , according to the FBI data . Detroit is close behind , with one killing for every 1,832 residents . In 2012 , the number of violent crimes increased by 0.7 % , compared with the previous year , according to the FBI figures . Chicago bans some semiautomatic weapons and high-capacity magazines , and restricts handguns . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this story from Chicago . Kara Devlin , Shawn Nottingham , Tina Burnside and Jennifer Feldman contributed to this report .	Police superintendent calls for ban on assault weapons The 3-year-old boy was shot in the ear , and 12 other people also were injured Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel cancels a trip to Washington after the shooting Police call the shooting gang-related ; no suspects were in custody
CNN  Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party were killed and another was wounded in clashes with Turkish armed forces in eastern Turkey , the country 's military said Saturday . Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri , the armed forces said in a written statement . The Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance , targeting Turkish soldiers who were securing an area in Agri ahead of a spring festival , CNN Turk reported . Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu condemned the violence and said via Twitter that "  the appropriate answer to the heinous attack in Agri is being given by the Turkish armed forces . " Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan also harshly condemned the attack , describing it as the Kurdish separatists ' attempt to "  intervene in the resolution process  with the Kurds  in our country . " Last month , Abdullah Ocalan , longtime leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  , called from his jail cell for the violence to end . In a historic letter , he urged fighters under his command to lay down their arms , stop their war against the Turkish state and join a "  congress " to focus on the future . Since the first incidents more than three decades ago , an estimated 40,000 lives have been lost . The conflict has been , some say , a battle by activists among Turkey 's Kurdish minority for independence . It has been , others say , a guerrilla war by rebels who have punctuated their campaign with terrorist acts . About a fifth of Turkey 's population is Kurdish -- a minority long living under cultural oppression , most of them in the underdeveloped southeastern part of Turkey . From Turkish prison , Kurdish leader tells followers to lay down their arms	Four Turkish troops were wounded in the flight , according to the country 's military Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says clashes are attempt to halt a resolution process with Kurds Violence between Kurds and the Turkish military has been ongoing for more than three decades
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Part-nationalized British banking group RBS announced massive losses for 2008 , totaling # 24.1 billion  $ 34.7 billion  on Thursday . The results are the worst in British corporate history . RBS 's loss exceeded the previous record set by Vodafone in 2006 by more than # 10 million  $ 14.2 million  . "  Last year was undeniably tough and a worsening economic environment means that 2009 will present significant challenges in all of our markets , " said Philip Hampton , RBS chairman . "  The path to recovery will be neither smooth nor straight . " The results were not quite as bad as had been expected , said CNN business anchor Charles Hodson , and they caused RBS shares to rise 25.5 percent by close of play Thursday . "  This is a watershed , " Hodson said . "  RBS hopes this is a positive turning point ... that now this is where the recovery begins , with the old regime being laid to rest . " Watch as CNN 's Charles Hodson analyses RBS results " Hodson added : "  RBS will hope this is as bad as it gets . But there 's a body of thought that says it 's badly positioned . " The 2008 financial report from RBS includes a three - to five-year restructuring plan that will focus the group 's business in the United Kingdom , with more limited global operations . The plan includes changes in management , isolation of toxic assets , and selling or closing "  non-core " businesses . Last October , RBS was one of three major banks the British Treasury pumped $ 63 billion into to keep liquid . The other two financial institutions were HBOS and Lloyds TSB . The bailout saw the government take a 70 percent stake in RBS , making the government the bank 's largest shareholder and effectively nationalizing the company . "  We have moved purposefully to take major decisions that are necessary to restructure the group , " said Stephen Hester , RBS group chief executive . "  We are charting a path to standalone strength and with it the goal of justifying the support of the UK government and all our shareholders . " In January , the government announced the Asset Protection Scheme -- an effort to help British banks caught up in the global financial crisis . The Treasury revealed details of the plan Thursday . The plan has a number of facets benefiting the bank and the government . Under the plan , the British government will insure # 325 billion in RBS assets . RBS must pay a "  participation fee " of # 6.5 billion to the Treasury and bear 19.5 billion of any loss -- a sort of deductible . In addition , RBS will promise to lend # 25 billion this year -- # 9 billion for mortgage lending and # 16 billion to businesses . That commitment is key for the government , which has been urging banks to increase lending . The government will also inject an extra # 13 billion in capital -- a move that will raise the government 's stake in RBS to 80 percent . RBS must now start restructuring and cutting costs , and layoffs are likely . "  We 're going to see a much slimmer bank , a much smaller balance sheet , several billion dollars ' worth of costs taken out , and hopefully that will guarantee them a future , " Hodson said . The Royal Bank of Scotland is one of Britain 's oldest banks . It was founded in Edinburgh , Scotland , in 1727 and branched out to England in 1874 . After winning a takeover battle for British bank NatWest in 2000 , RBS set its sights on Dutch bank ABN-AMRO . Two years ago , RBS bought ABN-AMRO as part of a consortium with Santander and Fortis , paying $ 15 billion for its share out of a total of $ 75 billion . ABN-AMRO was the source of big write-downs for RBS , leading to the government bailout in October . Former RBS Chairman Tom McKillop recently admitted publicly that buying ABN-AMRO was a mistake . Earlier this month , former RBS Chief Executive Fred Goodwin told members of the British Parliament he was sorry for the bank 's part in the global financial crisis . Watch consternation at Goodwin 's # 16 million pension " "  There is a profound , unqualified apology for all of the stress that has been caused , " Goodwin said . But he said the troubles at the bank were not all due to him . "  It 's just too simple if you want to blame it all on me , " Goodwin said . "  If you want to blame it all on me and close the book now , that 'll get the job done very quickly , but it does not go anywhere close to the cause of all of this . " Goodwin , 50 , faced scrutiny Thursday over his annual pension of 650,000 pounds  $ 933,000  following RBS 's announcement . British Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling urged Goodwin to give up his pension , telling the BBC that "  these excesses " can not be justified .	British banking group RBS posts huge losses for 2008 , totaling $ 34.7 billion Results are worst in British corporate history RBS was one of three major banks British Treasury pumped $ 63 billion into
CNN  -- Online video has gotten a bum rap . YouTube is often thought of as a home for juvenile idiocy , mindless narcissism and not much more . The collective 80 million hours we spend watching it every day seems to some like a terrible waste of human attention . But if you dig under the surface , you can discover something much more hopeful . Hidden among all the cute kittens and pirated TV shows , online video is driving astonishing innovation in thousands of different fields ranging from the ultra-niche to the sharing of truly world-changing ideas . In my TED talk , just posted , I point to numerous examples of this innovation , such as the dance revolution exemplified by a dance troupe called the LXD who played the Oscars this year . And I coin a term for it : crowd-accelerated innovation . The term is new , but the process is old . Actually , this is pretty much the only type of innovation there has ever been . Contrary to the romantic myth , innovation does n't suddenly emerge from lone geniuses and their eureka moments . It emerges when groups of people spark off each other . In history , progress took off when people came together in cities , and the scientific revolution took off when people around the world could read about each others ' discoveries in print . We 're a social species . We spark off each other . One of the most significant aspects of the Web is that it has connected vastly larger groups than ever before in history , and thereby sparked massive new types of innovation . For example , the open-source movement that created Linux and scores of other incredible pieces of software would not have been possible before the Web brought programmers together . Similar explosions in innovation have happened in music , photography and animation , to name just three areas . But what these fields have in common is that people 's work output could be easily shared digitally -- via still photographs , MP3 files , and software programs , for example . The reason online video is so significant is that it is now allowing the rest of the world 's talents to be shared digitally . It 's not just YouTube , of course , it 's all over the Web . Here are some examples : Unicycling Makeup artistry Video Poetry Dance Skateboarding Sports training Science The world of ideas In my talk , I explain that you need just three things in place for crowd-accelerated innovation to take off : a "  Crowd , " "  Light " and "  Desire . " Crowd : It can be any group , small or large , of people who share a common interest . The bigger the group , the better the chance that it contains real innovators . But successful crowds also depend on lots of other roles like trend-spotters , cheerleaders , commenters , and even skeptics . Light : You need to be able to see what the very best people in the crowd are capable of . And the amazing thing about the Web is that even when the crowd is in the millions , the best contributors can readily bubble up to the surface -- for example , by winning the most views or highest ratings on a website . Desire : On the Web , this is provided through social recognition . If you can do something innovative and special , you get thousands of people viewing your work and talking about you . It 's intoxicating . And it 's driving hundreds and hundreds of hours of effort from potential innovators across the globe . The rise of online video has vastly expanded the Crowd , shone a brighter Light on the best talent , and dialed up the Desire by offering participants a form of global fame . Someone sees a video with 50,000 views and thinks , "  That 's awesome , I 'll copy it and take it to the next level . " They emulate , then they innovate , and the bar gets raised again and again . We 've noticed it on our website http://www.ted.com/ . Ever since we started posting TED talks online , speakers have started raising their game . They could see what great TED talks looked like . And they had a greater motivation to shine . So the amount of preparation going into each talk rose dramatically . But the phenomenon is everywhere , and it has the potential to transform any organization and give an amazing platform to any individual . I 'm convinced that the latest iteration of crowd-accelerated innovation , fueled by Web video , is about to ignite the biggest learning cycle in human history . There are huge implications for the future of global education . Tomorrow 's best teachers will be global stars reaching literally millions of kids . And talented students around the world will no longer have their potential destroyed by lousy teachers . They can learn directly from the world 's finest . My talk ends with an incredible video shot in Africa 's biggest slum , which turns out to be teeming with innovation , innovation that in past years would have simply remained invisible to the rest of the world . If we 're in an age where the TED audience can learn from residents of a slum and vice versa , there 's reason to be hopeful for our future . Reaction to the talk has been intense . It 's sparked dozens of comments and loads of new ideas . But what do you think ? Have you had an instance where Web video has taught you something important or provoked you to action ? Have you made videos yourself , and has the process of making them motivated you to innovate ? If so , I 'd love to hear from you . I will be reading every comment submitted below . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Anderson .	YouTube does n't get enough credit for its productive side , says Chris Anderson Online video on YouTube , other sites drives "  crowd-accelerated innovation , " he says Anderson : Global sharing of video prompts outstanding performances in variety of fields "  Tomorrow 's best teachers will be global stars reaching literally millions of kids , " he says
CNN  -- The United States government on Friday released a declassified summary of why it says it believes Syria 's government used chemical weapons in an attack in the Damascus suburbs on August 21 . The report 's release came amid continuing U.S. signals of a possible military attack on Syria in response to the suspected poison gassing , which reportedly killed hundreds of people . Here are five key points : 1 . A chemical weapons attack killed more than 1,400 people August 21 The U.S. government has preliminarily assessed that 1,429 people -- including at least 426 children -- died in the attack . The report cites "  a large body of independent sources , " including U.S. intelligence information , accounts from medical personnel , videos , witness accounts and reports from nongovernmental organizations . Three hospitals in the area received about 3,600 patients with "  symptoms consistent with nerve agent exposure in less than three hours ... according to a highly credible international humanitarian organization , " the report said . "  The reported symptoms were consistent with mass exposure to a nerve agent . " What do Syria 's neighbors think ? The report also cites 100 videos showing bodies "  exhibiting physical signs consistent with , but not unique to , nerve agent exposure . " Some videos show imagery "  consistent with death from chemical weapons , and inconsistent with death from small-arms , high-explosive munitions or blister agents , " the report said . 2 . Syrian government launched rocket attack on area Multiple intelligence streams show that the Syrians executed a rocket and artillery attack in the affected area shortly before symptoms were reported , the U.S. report said . This includes detection of rocket launches from government-controlled territory about 90 minutes before the first social media report of a chemical attack , the report said . 3 . ` High confidence ' that government behind chemicals The report concludes "  with high confidence " that the regime used the munitions to deliver chemical warfare agents . Some of the points it makes : -- Intelligence indicates Syrian chemical weapons personnel were preparing chemical munitions . They "  were operating in the Damascus suburb of ` Adra from Sunday , August 18 , until early in the morning on Wednesday , August 21 , near an area that the regime uses to mix chemical weapons , including sarin . " Bergen : Syria is a problem from hell for the U.S. -- "  We intercepted communications involving a senior official intimately familiar with the offensive who confirmed that chemical weapons were used by the regime on August 21 and was concerned with the U.N. inspectors obtaining evidence . " -- "  On the afternoon of August 21 , we have intelligence that Syrian chemical weapons personnel were directed to cease operations . At the same time , the regime intensified the artillery barrage targeting many of the neighborhoods where chemical attacks occurred . " 4 . Opposition could n't have fabricated this "  We assess the Syrian opposition does not have the capability to fabricate all of the videos , physical symptoms verified by medical personnel and NGOs , and other information associated with this chemical attack , " the report reads . Why Russia , China , and Iran are standing by Syria The report also said that it was highly unlikely that rebels executed the attack . It cited , among other things , Washington 's belief that the rebels have not used chemical weapons and have not carried out a large-scale rocket and artillery attack like the one seen August 21 . 5 . A possible reason why government would have used chemical weapons "  The Syrian regime has initiated an effort to rid the Damascus suburbs of opposition forces using the area as a base to stage attacks against regime targets in the capital , " the report said . "  The regime has failed to clear dozens of Damascus neighborhoods of opposition elements , including neighborhoods targeted on August 21 , despite employing nearly all of its conventional weapons systems . "  We assess that the regime 's frustration with its inability to secure large portions of Damascus may have contributed to its decision to use chemical weapons on August 21 . " The report adds that Washington , to protect sources and methods , can not publicly release all available	U.S. report says more than 1,400 people killed in August 21 Damascus-area attack Report : ` High confidence ' that Syrian government behind chemicals Report : Intercepts show official confirming that chemical weapons were used by the regime
Washington  CNN  -- Ending a decade-long campaign led by African-American lawmakers , the House Wednesday approved and sent to President Barack Obama a measure to reduce the disparity in penalties between use of crack and powder cocaine . Under a 25-year-old law , mandatory minimum sentences involving crack cocaine -- a drug more commonly used by blacks than whites -- led to far more severe penalties than for offenses involving powder cocaine , generally preferred by whites . "  The Fair Sentencing Act will reduce sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine from 100-to-1 to 18-to-1 , " said Congressman John Conyers , D-Michigan , who applauded the passage . Conyers said the crack mandatory sentences had pushed the number of drug offenders in federal prisons from fewer than 5,000 in 1980 to nearly 100,000 in 2009 . The law drops the five-year mandatory sentence for first time offenders , and for repeat offenders with less than 28 grams of crack . Current law sets the mandatory sentence for conviction at five grams . Support for reducing the disparity with powder cocaine offenders increased with reports beginning in 2002 by the U.S. Sentencing Commission calling for Congress to change the crack cocaine law . The commission is independent agency in the judicial branch that develops national sentencing policy for the federal courts . The House measure , passed on a voice vote with bipartisan support , follows passage by the Senate in March . President Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder had both pressed for passage of the law . "  This day was long in coming , " said Holder . He said the bill will "  go a long way toward ensuring that our sentencing laws are tough , consistent , and fair . " Members of the Congressional Black Caucus had led the battle for passage for 10 years . Holder also singled out key Republicans including Sens. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , and Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , who had joined with Democrats . Conyers tipped his hat to House GOP members Dan Lungren , R-California , James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , and Ron Paul , R-Texas , for their support . Not all Republicans joined the majority , however . The top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee Lamar Smith , R-Texas , argued vigorously shortly before passage that to reduce the crack cocaine penalties would be a serious mistake . "  Reducing the penalties for crack cocaine could expose our neighborhoods to the same violence and addiction that caused Congress to act in the first place , " Smith said . "  Crack cocaine is associated with a greater degree of violence than most other drugs . And more than any other drug , the majority of crack defendants have prior criminal convictions , " Smith said . The White House is expected to schedule a presidential signing ceremony within a month .	A 25-year-old law set mandatory minimum sentences in crack cocaine cases Crack cocaine sentences were more severe than those in powder cocaine cases The new law 's supporters say it offsets disparities in penalties Conyers : The old law pushed the number of drug offenders in federal prison to nearly 100,000
EW.com  -- "  Maleficent " managed to enchant audiences and take flight opening weekend while Seth MacFarlane 's sophomore effort , "  A Million Ways to Die in the West , " stumbled out of the gates . Disney 's gothic fantasy , a PG-rated re-imagining of the classic Sleeping Beauty villain starring Angelina Jolie in the titular role , netted an estimated $ 70 million from 3,948 locations -- $ 6.7 million of which was from the 347 IMAX screens . Boasting an A Cinema Score , the $ 180 million pic also brought in $ 100.6 million internationally from 47 territories  40 percent ahead of "  Oz : The Great and Powerful "  , bringing its global cume to a mighty $ 170.6 million . It opens in China on June 20 and in Japan on July 4 . "  We 're feeling great , " Dave Hollis , Disney 's distribution head told EW . "  We came into the weekend thinking that we were going to do somewhere around $ 60 million and to end up with $ 70 million is a really encouraging start . " EW : Review of ` Maleficent ' As far as "  Maleficent 's " demographics go , 60 percent of audiences were female , 45 percent families , and 18 percent teens . On Saturday , audiences were strong at all showings , from matinees to late night . "  It feels like there 's some momentum and great word-of-mouth helping to propel the picture overall , " said Hollis . "  It 's good to see that during the daytime you can be a really meaningful option to families . " But , the late-night business is key , too , he said . It shows that it appeals to a cross-section of demographics . He added : "  It 's a nod to the draw of Angelina Jolie . She has had such extraordinary passion for this role . " EW : Angelina Jolie Q&A - Bringing malevolent ` Maleficent ' to life Last weekend 's shiny new comic book movie , "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " plummeted 64 percent in its second weekend with $ 32.6 million to take the No. 2 spot . Most high-opening actioners are front-loaded , so this was n't unexpected , although it is on the higher end . Second weekend falls have been all over the place in this seven-movie franchise . For comparison 's sake , "  X-Men : The Last Stand " fell nearly 67 percent in weekend two , while X-Men : First Class fell only 56 percent . But the Fox saga is doing just fine . The $ 200 million film has made an estimated $ 162 million domestically , and $ 500 million worldwide . Seth MacFarlane 's "  A Million Ways to Die in the West "  B Cinema Score  did not fare so well , opening in third place with $ 17.1 million from 3,158 locations . That 's less than half of what Ted opened at in 2012  $ 54.4 million  , and also below studio and analyst expectations , which assumed that the Western comedy would at least break $ 20 million . In terms of the audience , 45 percent were female and 28 percent were under 25 for the raunchy R-rated pic . Internationally , "  A Million Ways " opened in 21 territories and brought in $ 10.3 million , bringing its worldwide total to $ 27.4 million . Westerns are historically a tricky genre to track , and combined with the fact that MacFarlane is an untested lead  as himself at least  , this was much more of a wildcard than we initially assumed . But , the pic , which reportedly cost a modest $ 40 million to produce , could have legs amongst MacFarlane 's devotees in the long run . "  I 'm disappointed . I would n't tell you otherwise , " Nikki Rocco , Universal 's President , Distribution , told EW . "  We would have hoped it would have been a little bit better , but it 's not a grave loss to the studio . " Rounding out the top five are Warner Bros. and Legendary 's "  Godzilla " and "  Blended "  Warner Bros. as well  . The King of the Monsters brought in $ 12.23 million in its third weekend in theaters , bringing its domestic total to $ 174.66 million . Finally , in weekend two , Adam Sandler 's comedy "  Blended " managed to beat out Neighbors  now in its fourth weekend in theaters  to take the fifth place spot with $ 8.43 million . The $ 40 million pic has made an estimated $ 29.63 million to date , domestically . Here 's the top five : 1 . Maleficent -- $ 70 million  domestic total : $ 70 million 2 . X-Men : Days of Future Past -- $ 32.6 million  domestic total : $ 162.1 million 3 . A Million Ways to Die in the West -- $ 17.1 million  domestic total : $ 17.1 million 4 . Godzilla -- $ 12.23 million  domestic total : $ 174.66 million 5 . Blended -- $ 8.43 million  domestic total : $ 29.63 million UPDATE : In the specialty box office world , Cinedigm 's "  Night Moves , " starring Jesse Eisenberg as a radical environmentalist , made $ 24K from two locations . Entertainment One 's "  The Grand Seduction , " starring Brendan Gleeson and Taylor Kitsch , opened in three locations to $ 18K , and Sebastian Junger 's Korengal made $ 15K from one location . Next weekend Warner Bros. ' "  Edge of Tomorrow , " starring Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt , takes on Fox 's teen drama "  The Fault in Our Stars , " starring Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Disney film came in first place "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " dropped 64 percent "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " did n't do well
I was diagnosed with diabetes 12 years ago . At the time , I was caring for my mother , who was on dialysis and had had her leg amputated . As a family , we knew very little about diabetes -- only that once you got it , you deteriorated and died . Like our father , who suffered a stroke and then died years later of a massive heart attack brought on by complications of diabetes . Both my parents , in fact , died from complications of diabetes . They were strong pillars of our family and community , taken way too soon by a disease that is the leading cause of death among Pacific Islanders . Before seeing the doctor , I had been experiencing extreme thirst , especially at night . The tips of my toes felt like bees lived there and were desperate to burst out of my skin . My vision became blurred after each meal . It was 2 p.m. and I had n't eaten anything when the doctor tested my blood sugar level . It was in the high 200s . Normal is between 110 and 125 . You have diabetes , Ms. Figiel , the doctor said . He prescribed metformin and directed me to a dietitian . She further reiterated what the doctor had told me : how food was related to high blood glucose levels and how consistently high blood glucose levels will eventually lead to amputations , blindness , kidney failure , stroke and other complications . Fit Nation : Why I gave up soda I followed the dietician 's plan for the next few months . I took up walking and noticed that my vision had become clearer . But it did n't take me long to fall back to my old eating habits . A colleague 's birthday celebration , a brother 's graduation party , a friend 's wedding , a cousin 's funeral -- these were all occasions where food was at the center . And in our culture , you show appreciation and respect for those who prepared the food by eating it . I soon found myself hovering around 400 pounds . After six years of oral medication , I was switched to insulin injections . My blood sugar levels were too high , and I was not managing them well . Insulin was scary at first . But then I realized it gave me the freedom to eat all my favorite foods ! I would just inject 100 units , and my blood sugar would be normal in a matter of minutes . Soon , I was injecting as much as 300 units of insulin a day . It was at this time that I began experiencing extreme pain in my teeth and gums . One of my front teeth became longer than the rest , and I found that I could n't bite into certain foods , such as apples . This front tooth was eventually pulled . The dentist did n't have to do much ; it pretty much fell out on its own . Injecting large amounts of insulin meant I was prone to low blood sugar . I would wake up in a sweat as energy quickly left my body . My 8-year-old son saved my life continuously during this time ; he knew exactly what to do and how to inject insulin . The fact that my life was being saved by a child shamed me . Eighteen months ago , my sister and I moved our family from American Samoa to Utah . I saw the move as an opportunity for me not only to change my own life but , most important , to give my son his childhood . Fit Nation : Celebrate small victories The first thing we did as a family was to enroll at a recreation center . We were all exercising together . The kids had fun in the pool , and I found myself walking again . I also decided to educate myself about diabetes . I had read about people reversing diabetes by eating a plant-based diet . It was an easy plan to follow because I love fruit and vegetables , and they are in abundance here . Yet I found that I could n't chew much without feeling extreme pain . I bought a Vitamix blender and started throwing all my vegetables and fruits into it . By Christmas , I had dropped 80 pounds . Then , three days before Christmas , my dentist told me that I had advanced periodontal disease and all my teeth had to be removed . Not effectively controlling my diabetes had proven too much for my gums . I was actually relieved . I welcomed anything to remove the pain I was experiencing . I decided to ask my friends to film the surgery . The filmmaker kept asking me , "  Girl , are you sure about this ? Are n't you afraid people are going to talk about you ? " You can watch the film on YouTube . It 's called "  Sia at the Dentist . " Since then , my son has n't had to worry about waking up at 3 or 4 a.m. to revive me . In fact , since I began training for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon three weeks ago , we are all sleeping soundly through the night . With the demands of training , I realize that my body needs more fuel . While I enjoy green smoothies , I also need protein and carbohydrates . Our choice of animal protein comes from turkey , salmon , chicken , canned tuna and eggs . I buy whole-grain pasta , quinoa and brown rice . We eat only wheat bread and do not eat white flour or sugar . My boys love saimin , a form of ramen noodles popular on the islands . When I make it now , I add broccoli , peas and green onions and throw out the spice packet , which contains a ton of sodium . They complain and ask , "  Then what 's the use of eating saimin ? " That 's when I show them my dentures , and there 's sudden silence . I still do n't know all the answers to diabetes and obesity . All I know is that we have to look hard at our reasons for change . I 'll be damned if I lose any other body part to this disease . Did I mention that I ran my first mile this morning nonstop ? How the ` Sassy Six ' came to be	Sia Figiel is from American Samoa , where food is a big part of the culture Figiel developed diabetes and struggled to manage it Since moving to the United States , Figiel has lost 100 pounds Follow her journey training for a triathlon @TriHardSia
San Diego , California  CNN  -- An investigation into the death of two brothers and the fiancee of one is focusing on an unidentified man seen in the San Diego shopping mall where one victim left work shortly before she was fatally wounded , police said Friday . San Diego police made the announcement one day after authorities identified a decomposed body found in a car trunk 100 miles away in Riverside as being that of Gianni Belvedere , 24 . He was the fiance of Ilona Flint and the brother of Salvatore Belvedere , both 22 , who were found shot December 24 in Salvatore Belvedere 's car . What some first speculated as a love triangle gone wrong with two brothers is now a triple murder mystery . "  We have much work to do and there are many detectives working on this case , " homicide Lt. Mike Hastings told reporters . San Diego authorities , now leading the investigation , declined to comment in detail about the Gianni Belvedere 's autopsy other than to say the manner of death was a homicide , and the final autopsy report wo n't be available for a few weeks , said Hastings . A series of events began at 1:15 a.m. on Christmas Eve Day when Flint called 911 to report she had been shot . She had just finished working at a Macy 's in the mall , which was keeping late hours for holiday shoppers , and her future brother-in-law picked her up in the middle of the night . Police found her dead in car with a gunshot wound to the head , and Salvatore Belvedere was in the driver 's seat fighting for his life with gunshot wounds to the head and torso . He died three days later . Police searched for Gianni Belvedere , 24 , who was listed as missing . Last Friday , police in Riverside found the decomposing body of a young man in the trunk of a car parked in a fast-food restaurant . The body was that of Gianni Belvedere . The "  person of interest " sought by police was seen in the mall at 11:15 p.m. on December 23 and again at 12:15 a.m. on December 24 , Hastings said . He was described as a man of unknown race , 5-foot-10 to 6-foot tall , wearing a black hoodie with unique white bands around the sleeves near the biceps , dressed in tan pants and all-white tennis shoes , Hastings said . He did not explain the source of that description . A Belvedere family reward of $ 10,000 , initially offered for the location of the missing brother , is now being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction in the case , Hastings said . The two brothers worked at a family Italian restaurant in Lakeside , outside of San Diego , a friend said . Flint and the two brothers lived in the Belvedere family home in San Diego , said friend Andre Briones . The engaged couple were together for about seven years and met in Provo , Utah , where Flint 's family lives . Flint then moved to San Diego at her fiance 's invitation , Briones said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Casey Wian contributed to this report from San Diego . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Police seek a man seen in a San Diego mall before two of three homicides He 's a man of unknown race , with a black hoodie , police say Family of two slain brothers offer $ 10,000 reward
CNN  -- A sniper who ambushed volunteer firefighters in upstate New York on Monday , killing two and seriously wounding two others , left a note saying he hoped to burn down his neighborhood and kill as many people as possible , police said Tuesday . A charred body , believed to be his sister 's , was found in the burned house she shared with him Tuesday , police said . William Spengler , 62 , used a Bushmaster semiautomatic rifle , the same kind of weapon used in the assault on Sandy Hook Elementary School , Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said . "  He was equipped to go to war , " Chief Pickering said . The shooter , who was convicted of killing his grandmother decades ago , was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound hours later . Read more : N.Y. man who shot dead 2 firefighters killed grandmother in 1980 Pickering , at a news conference Tuesday , read a sentence from the three-page typewritten note that detectives believe Spengler left behind : "  I still have to get ready to see how much of the neighborhood I can burn down and do what I like doing best -- killing people . " The note indicated Spengler 's intentions , but not his motive , Pickering said . The rest of the contents will not be made public because it is evidence in a criminal investigation , he said . There is "  all kinds of speculation " about why he wanted to destroy his neighborhood and kill firefighters and residents , Pickering said . One theory is that he was upset about a donation his mother , who died in the past year , made to the fire department , he said . Another theory is there could be a connection to his arrest in the killing of his grandmother , he said . "  Motive is always the burning question , and I 'm not sure we 'll ever really know what was going through his mind , " Pickering said . Spengler was convicted in 1981 of first-degree manslaughter in the death of his grandmother and had been released on supervised parole , Pickering said . It will be a challenge for the medical examiner to determine if William Spengler 's sister -- 67-year-old Cheryl Spengler -- was killed before the fire was set , because it was a "  raging inferno , " Pickering said . A former neighbor , Roger Vercruysse , said that Spengler was a nice guy who used to come over to Vercruysse 's sister 's house for holiday parties and would wave to the family from his front porch , where he often sat during the summer . "  He 'd come to our house , we used to have picnics , " he said . Spengler was especially attentive to his mother , who passed away in October , Vercruysse said , visiting her every day in the nursing home where she lived until she died . "  He loved his mama , " Vercruysse said . "  He always talked about his mother . " Spengler did not share the same closeness with his sister , with whom he shared his home , Vercruysse said . "  He told me he hated his sister and never could tell me why , " he said . "  I 'd always wave to the sister , but she was not friendly . " Firefighters from the Rochester-area town of Webster responded before 6 a.m. Monday to a 911 call , reporting a fire that Spengler is believed to have set , when the gunfire began , Pickering said . "  This was a clear ambush on first responders , " he said . Spengler was firing from "  a natural depression " against a bank and a tree , he said . An off-duty police officer , who happened on the scene , returned gunfire and sheltered firefighters with his car , Pickering said . "  Had the police officer not been there , more people would have been killed because he immediately engaged the shooter with a rifle , " he said . "  Essentially , it was a combat condition . " Investigators wo n't know until after an autopsy if any of his shots hit Spengler , he said . Officer John Ritter of the Greece , New York , Police Department , suffered minor shrapnel wounds but was released after treatment at a hospital . The two wounded firefighters were in stable condition after surgery Tuesday , Pickering said Tuesday morning . They were being treated for "  serious injuries " in intensive care at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester , New York , he said . Seven houses were destroyed and several others damaged by the fire , which investigators believe spread from a car parked next to the home where they believe Spengler lived , Pickering said . Authorities do not know how Spengler obtained the Bushmaster rifle , .38 - caliber revolver and 12-gauge shotgun he used , Pickering said . As a convicted felon , Spengler was not allowed to legally possess weapons . In chilling audio heard over a scanner Monday , a West Webster Fire Department firefighter reported "  multiple firemen shot " -- including himself , with wounds to his lower back and lower leg -- and "  shots still being fired . " "  I 'm pretty sure that we have two DOAs " -- the term for dead on arrival -- "  on the street , " the wounded firefighter said . " ... They 're down and not good . " For several hours after that , the threat of gunfire stopped firefighters from battling the blaze and forced police SWAT teams to evacuate 33 people in the neighborhood of small waterfront homes . The fire destroyed seven houses . It was under control by 2:30 p.m. ET , but authorities were n't able to get into any of the homes . Pickering said it 's possible that more victims could be inside . Lt. Michael Chiapperini , a firefighter who died at the scene , was a veteran of the West Webster Fire Department and a police lieutenant . He 'd been named Firefighter of the Year just two weeks ago . And not long before that , he had volunteered to go to Long Island to help those suffering after Superstorm Sandy , New York Lt. Gov. Bob Duffy said . The other slain firefighter was Tomasz Kaczowka , who was also a 911 dispatcher . He 'd been with the West Webster Fire Department for just more than a year , department spokesman Al Sienkiewicz said . The shooting occurred amid a renewed gun control debate after the December 14 elementary school massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , that killed 26 people , most of them children . The gunman in that case , Adam Lanza , also killed his mother and himself . The head of a lobbying group that represents first responders said the Monday shooting was "  senseless and cruel . " "  The firefighters who responded today were performing a selfless , meaningful service to their community , unaware that a cold-hearted maniac was planning to ambush them and take their lives , " said Harold Schaitberger , general president of the Washington-based International Association of Fire Fighters . "  Coming on the heels of the horrific tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut , and on Christmas Eve , this shooting is even harder to comprehend . " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo described the Webster shooting as "  horrific . " And the state 's attorney general called it a "  senseless tragedy " President Barack Obama has set a January deadline for "  concrete proposals " to deal with gun violence after the Newtown shooting . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , has said she will introduce legislation to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , while National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre has said his group will fight any new gun restrictions , saying most gun laws now on the books are rarely enforced . Pickering , the Webster police chief , said it was important -- after the shooting in his town and others -- to "  get a handle on gun control . " He also said more needs to be done to make sure that dangerous people are n't in society , where they can kill . "  For the last 20 years , we have been turning people loose and de-institutionalizing people , and I think we 've swung too far , " he said . "  I think there are still people that need to be in institutions that are a danger to themselves or others . And this is a classic example . " CNN 's Brittany Brady , Chuck Johnston , Jake Carpenter and John Fricke contributed to this report .	NEW : A charred body believed to be the shooter 's sister 's was found in her burned house The shooter used a Bushmaster rifle , the same kind used in the Sandy Hook assault , police say William Spengler , 62 , shot himself to death after his ambush killed two firefighters , police say Spengler was convicted in 1981 of killing his grandmother
CNN  -- A wildfire jumped a road in central Florida , scorching homes and wiping out trees as it charred more than 1,900 acres , a fire official said Sunday . Some 24 structures in Marion County had been burned by what 's being called the Hopkins Prairie Fire , said U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Susan Blake . Ten of those buildings were homes , according to a tweet from the National Weather Service . The blaze around Ocala National Forest was 80 % contained as of early Sunday evening , Blake added . About 100 local , state and federal firefighters were on site . Video from CNN affiliate WCJB showed ground smoldering , with most trees singed or felled , even as a few somehow still stood tall . One picture posted on the Marion County Sheriff 's Office 's Facebook page featured little more than the frame of what appeared to be a charred trailer obliterated by the blaze . Another depicted a home in Sportsman 's Haven -- newly purchased with a new roof in the plans -- that had been reduced to ash and rubble , spare some of its concrete walls . The fire caused the partial closure of State Route 19 , according to the Florida Highway Patrol . Marion County includes the county seat of Ocala and sits south of Gainesville . No injuries tied to the wildfire have been reported . A fire line has been set up around the blaze , and crews are optimistic about the situation , said Blake .	A wildfire burns 24 structures , including 10 homes , in Marion County , authorities say Images show some buildings reduced to rubble , beyond their frames or concrete walls The blaze prompted the partial closure of State Route 19 in central Florida The fire was 80 % contained early Sunday evening , a forest service spokeswoman says
CNN  -- There 's nothing like getting stuck into a good book -- but getting stuck in a good book store is a different matter . Just ask David Willis , a tourist from Texas who was inadvertently locked inside a London retailer for several hours , after strolling in minutes before the store was closing . Willis , from Dallas , entered the Waterstones store near London 's Trafalgar Square on Thursday evening to use the store 's WiFi . "  I walked into the store about five minutes before 9 p.m. , " he told the UK 's ITV television network . "  I walked in right past employees and I needed to use the internet ... I peeked up on the second floor and saw there were chairs and a table up there so I walked up there and was using the internet for 10 or 15 minutes and all the lights were on upstairs . "  I get ready to leave and I walk down and it 's completely dark and the doors were locked . " Willis said despite setting an alarm off by trying to open the doors and speaking to a security guard and police via telephone , no one came to his aid . After several hours of waiting , he took to social media to broadcast his plight , posting on Twitter and Instagram . That did the trick . As his messages were retweeted thousands of times , a Waterstones employee spotted them and secured his release . The bookstore posted its own Twitter message shortly afterward , announcing : "  We 're pleased to announce that @DWill_ is a free man once more . Thanks for your concern and tweets ! " After three hours in captivity , Willis followed that with his own Twitter declaration : "  I 'm free " . Speaking the morning after his ordeal , Willis told ITV : "  I 'm very tired , I did not sleep very much last night but it feels good to be free . " READ MORE : The world 's coolest bookstores	Texan David Willis wandered into London book store to use free WiFi Willis made phone calls after realizing he was locked in , but no one initially came to his aid He was released after three hours when his social media posts were spotted
CNN  -- Hundreds filed by a casket on Sunday to say goodbye to a small-town hero who died shortly after scoring the winning shot to clinch an undefeated season for his Michigan high school basketball team . Friends , family and even competitors braved a cold Michigan day for a pair of afternoon visitations for 16-year-old Wes Leonard of Fennville . Some piled off of school buses and hugged each other in the crisp winter air . "  He was just an all around great guy to play against , " Craig Peterson , a player on the Bangor high school basketball team , told CNN affiliate WZZM . "  He was always respectful , he did n't run his mouth like most of the people would . He just liked to have fun , and was a great athlete . " Leonard 's funeral is set for 10:30 a.m. Tuesday at Christ Memorial Church in nearby Holland . Leonard died moments after scoring the winning basket in overtime Thursday , securing a perfect season for the Fennville High School Blackhawks . Leonard scored his team 's last four points in the 57-55 victory . An autopsy Friday revealed Leonard died of cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart , according to a statement from Dr. David A. Start , the Ottawa County chief medical examiner .	Wes Leonard collapsed after scoring a winning basket in overtime His shot secured a perfect season for his high school team An autopsy revealed the teen died of cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart
Hotels are working overtime to accommodate the needs of one of the fastest growing demographics in the travel industry : businesswomen . "  Women are nearing half of all business travelers , and they make up 85 % of purchase choices in the household , " says Carolyn Pearson , the founder of Maiden-Voyage . com , a website that connects female business travelers across the globe and rates femme-friendly hotel brands . "  A woman might choose a hotel for business travel and then , if she likes it , go back for a weekend stay , or book the room again with the family . Hotels are starting to realize that when it comes to travel decisions , women are really influential . " Pearson also trains hotels to look at their service from a female perspective , enabling them to tweak what they offer to appeal more to women . "  We take the entire hotel staff -- from concierge to food and beverage -- and really get them to see their hotel through a woman 's eyes . We identify two things : how can they improve her experience , and how can they create more loyalty and value so that she 's more likely to return , " she explains . Maiden Voyage 's rankings are based not simply on amenities but also on a hotel 's discretion and safety . "  Does the receptionist announce the room numbers out loud ? " says Pearson . "  Are the rooms located next to the lifts ? " The Sofitel Le Grand Ducal , Luxembourg , for instance , receives high marks because of its low-risk location , 24/7 manned reception , on-site secure parking , room service delivered by female staff , as well as for its high-powered hair dryers and Hermes toiletries . Read more : Layovers become more pleasure than pain "  There are differences between what men and women need , " says Judi Brownell , professor and dean of students at the School of Hotel Administration at Cornell University . "  Most women are more particular than their male counterparts . Both are concerned with safety and comfort but these things make more of a difference to women travelers . They want to feel that hotels have taken into consideration their needs as women , and so appreciate the small things that are done to make then feel recognized . " They Hyatt hotel group has spent the last 18 months surveying guests in 40 facilitated group discussions around the world on how they can improve their services . It was the largest guest listening exercise ever conducted by the brand , and it was made up completely of women . "  We 've found that approximately 80 % of all business travel decisions are made by females , " notes Kristine Rose , Hyatt 's vice president of brands . "  Whether it 's a family trip , and mom is deciding what hotel to stay in , or it 's a travel agent -- most of whom happen to be female . There 's a rise of female travel globally , especially in China , where more and more women are traveling every day . " Based on the feedback , Hyatt rolled out a number of innovative amenities across all its brands  over 500 locations worldwide  , including adding the dermatologist-approved KenetMD Skin Care line to their list of bath amenities . It also introduced the "  Hyatt Has It " program whereby Hyatt hotels stock everything and anything a traveler might have forgotten to pack , from deodorant to humidifiers  and every color of nail polish under the sun  . Guests can borrow these items free of charge , or purchase them at retail value . Though the initiative benefits all guests , regardless of gender , Rose says the program was inspired by the survey responses of their women travelers . "  When we talked to some women , they were very vocal about not being perfect all the time . They said , ' I forget things , I do n't always want to worry about whether I packed shampoo or conditioner . ' " Read more : Economy class goes gourmet This sort of catered service seems to have replaced the trend of "  female-only " floors that surfaced in the hospitality industry last year . Some hotels maintain a single-sex block of rooms . The Georgian Court Hotel in Vancouver , for instance , has the Orchid Floor , a group of 18 rooms stocked with Aveda products , complimentary fashion magazines and the type of gadgets that supposedly speak to a woman 's heart , such as curling irons and hair straighteners . Some hotels that originally instated single-sex units have since done away with them . Don Shula Hotel in Florida was one of the first hotels to introduce the concept back in 2006 . Their Patrician Rooms had enlarged makeup mirrors , women 's magazines and breast exam cards in the showers . During renovations last year , the hotel decided their occupancy was too low to justify their continuance . "  They served their purpose a few years back but simply lost their luster over time , " admits Lisa Gory , the hotel 's director of sales and marketing . Hyatt has also eschewed installing all-female floors . "  There 's a difference between creating a tailored experience that meets their needs , and calling them out as a group of people who need special treatment . They actually consider that kind of offensive , " says Rose .	Women make up nearly half of all business travelers Maiden-Voyage . com set up to connect women on the road and rate services Hotel chains looking to improve what they offer to women Female-only floors becoming less popular
CNN  -- Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Serie A goals since October as third-placed Napoli earned a morale-boosting 4-2 win at Lazio on Monday . Higuain has struggled to match his feats at Real Madrid since joining from the Spanish club in a reported $ 55 million deal in July , but he netted in each half to put the Naples side within three points of second-placed Roma and six of leader Juventus . The Argentina striker put Napoli ahead in the 24th minute at Rome 's Stadio Olimpico but an own-goal from teammate Valon Behrami less than 60 seconds later leveled the score . Fellow forward Goran Pandev made it 2-1 five minutes after the break , and Higuain -- who also had a first-half effort disallowed for offside -- extended the lead in the 72nd minute with his seventh goal in Italy 's top flight this season . Striker Keita Balde Diao pulled one back on 88 , but Higuain 's fellow former Real star Jose Maria Callejon sealed the win with his seventh goal in the league . It helped boost Napoli ahead of this weekend 's home match against Udinese and next week 's must-win European Champions League Group F clash with Arsenal . The defeat left Lazio in ninth place , 20 points behind champion Juve . The Turin side suffered a setback Monday with the news that key midfielder Andrea Pirlo will next week 's Champions League Group B decider at Galatasaray after suffering a knee injury in Sunday 's 1-0 win against Udinese . Juve needs a point to qualify for the knockout stage in second place behind Real Madrid . Meanwhile , Fiorentina stayed fifth in Serie A after Monday 's 4-2 win at home to 10-man Verona , with the score 2-2 inside 15 minutes . Borja Valero netted two of those to level for La Viola , who then went ahead through Juan Vargas just before halftime . Verona had Serbia midfielder Bosko Jankovic sent off in the 54th minute , allowing Giuseppe Rossi to net his leading 12th goal in 14 league games , while Brazil-born Italy Under-21 international Jorginho ensured a nervous finish when he reduced the deficit on 72 . It left Fiorentina behind fourth-placed Inter Milan on goal difference , with Verona five points adrift in sixth .	Napoli six points behind Italian league leader Juventus after beating Lazio 4-2 Striker Gonzalo Higuain scores twice to end his Serie A goal drought Argentine is five goals behind league-leading Giuseppe Rossi of Fiorentina Rossi nets his 12th in 14 games as fifth-placed Fiorentina wins seven-goal thriller
Palisades , New York  CNN  -- The recent volcanic eruption in Iceland is stranding hundreds of thousands of air travelers at Heathrow Airport in the UK and other airports across northern Europe , due to its voluminous clouds of volcanic ash that can clog airplane engines and limit visibility . However , this is by no means the first such volcanic eruption in Iceland to affect human activities . Long before the advent of air travel , the eruption of Iceland 's Laki volcano in 1783-84 had profound effects on climate , not just in Iceland but around the globe . Volcanologists Thorvaldur Thordarson and Stephen Self estimated that a comparable event in the modern era would release enough ash and other eruptive materials into the atmosphere that the resulting ash cloud and sulfuric haze would probably disrupt air travel over much of the Northern Hemisphere for about five months . But there were impacts well afield of Iceland and Europe at the time of Laki . Besides releasing clouds of ash into the atmosphere that can disrupt visibility and damage airplane engines , eruptions can cool the climate with the reflection of incoming solar radiation from the troposphere by volcanic sulfur-rich ash , which can decrease temperatures significantly for months or years in some cases . Just such an aerosol effect is believed to have disrupted the Earth 's thermal balance during the Laki event , cooling some Northern Hemisphere regions by as much as 1 or more degrees Celsius below the long-term average . Highly unusual conditions were described in the summer of 1783 after Laki , including poisonous volcanic fumes that killed perhaps 25 percent of the population of Iceland , persistent haze and oppressive heat in Europe , and blood-red sunrises over North America , Europe and other locations . The Laki eruption was believed to have caused thousands of deaths because of unusual conditions in Europe that summer , along with the severe cold of the following winter . Benjamin Franklin was one of the first to suggest that the extreme cold of 1783-84 over much of the Northern Hemisphere was connected to the Laki event . In North America , Laki has been blamed for the starvation of Inuit populations from severe cold in northwestern Alaska , based on Inuit oral history as well as tree-ring density data investigated by Gordon Jacoby and others , who estimated that conditions were about 4 degrees Celsius colder than the mean . The density record of temperature-sensitive white spruce for this region showed extremely low values in the summer of 1783 , known in Inuit lore as "  the summer that did not come " . This observation was used to infer that this was the coldest summer in at least the past 400 years . Such tree-ring records , along with other so-called proxy archives , can provide a wealth of information about volcanic events and their varying impacts around the globe because of resulting shifts in atmospheric circulation and other climate changes , dating for centuries prior to the period of instrumental record . The effects of major volcanic eruptions such as Laki can also be felt elsewhere on the globe , often far from their actual location . For example , significant cooling and strong dynamical effects after the Laki event and other high-latitude eruptions are believed to have caused decreased flow of the Nile River in Egypt and weakened African and Asian monsoons based on climate model simulations , with potentially very significant impacts on food and water supplies . Tree-ring , coral and ice core records also indicate the effect of major volcanic events in the tropics of monsoon Asia for low-latitude eruptions such as that of Tambora , Indonesia , in 1815 and other such events of the past several centuries , although this climate signal is also complicated by the El Nio-Southern Oscillation . Although the current eruption of Eyjafjallajoekull in Iceland appears not to be comparable in intensity to those of Laki and Tambora , it will have some effects , such as those on air travel , that were never realized back in those simpler times . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rosanne D'Arrigo .	Ash from Iceland volcano has grounded much of western Europe 's air traffic Rosanne D'Arrigo says Iceland volcano in 1783 had drastic effects She says it killed many , stunted agriculture and led to starvation A similar event today could prevent some air travel for five months , she says
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Three Kenyan political leaders accused of crimes against humanity following the country 's disputed 2007 elections had their first appearance Thursday before the International Criminal Court at The Hague . Another three are scheduled to appear Friday . The court 's top prosecutor , Luis Moreno Ocampo , named the six as suspects in December , claiming they organized violence that left more than 1,000 people dead and displaced hundreds of thousands more . Former Agriculture Minister William Ruto , opposition leader Henry Kosgey and radio journalist Joshua Arap Sang appeared Thursday . Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta , Cabinet Secretary Francis Muthaura , and former national police chief Hussein Ali are set to appear Friday . The two groups of three come from opposite sides of the political dispute in Kenya . Ruto , Kosgey , and Sang face four counts of crimes against humanity : murder ; deportation or forcible transfer of the population ; torture and persecution . The judge set a date for them of September 1 to hear arguments as to whether they should go to trial . Judge Ekaterina Trendafilova quashed their attempts to plead their cases Thursday . When asked whether he understood the allegations , Ruto said he did , but that "  the allegations sound like they came from a movie . " Trendafilova warned the suspects that they should refrain from political activities relating to the case . "  It has come to our knowledge , " she said , "  that there are some movements towards triggering the violence in the country by way of some speeches . Such type of action could be seen as an inducement and could constitute a breach of conditions . " She warned that if the suspects continued in such a vein that the summons could be turned into "  warrants of arrest . " By late April , the two sides need to meet to start sharing evidence , the judge said . Last month , Kenya challenged the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court , saying its own authorities will investigate and prosecute the cases on Kenyan soil . The Netherlands-based court calls itself , on its website , "  an independent international organization ... established to help end impunity for the perpetrators of the most serious crimes of concern to the international community . " Kenya 's disputed presidential election sparked chaos that escalated into ethnic violence pitting supporters of incumbent President Mwai Kibaki against those of challenger Raila Odinga , who was later named prime minister in a power-sharing agreement . Muthaura , Kenyatta and Ali are accused of committing or contributing to the killing , rape and other acts of violence against supporters of the opposition Orange Democratic Movement . Ruto , Sang and Kosgey are accused of being co-perpetrators in the murder , deportation and commission of other offenses against supporters of Kenya 's Party of National Unity . E.J. Hogendoorn of the International Crisis Group said the case is "  a major victory , especially for civil society in Kenya , and it is potentially a significant step to the end of impunity in Kenya . "	NEW : Three appear before the ICC NEW : The allegations sound like ' a movie , ' one says The six are accused of organizing violence that left more than 1,000 dead The violence pitted supporters of two political parties following a disputed election Kenya has challenged the jurisdiction of the Netherlands-based court
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy commander , a Naval Criminal Investigative Service agent and a Singapore-based defense contractor face federal charges in two bribery schemes involving hundreds of millions of dollars in Navy contracts with payoffs that included prostitutes and luxury travel , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in San Diego . The three men -- Navy Cmdr. Michael Vannak Khem Misiewicz ; NCIS Supervisory Special Agent John Bertrand Beliveau II and contractor Leonard Glenn Francis , the CEO of Singapore-based Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd. , -- were all arrested earlier this week . According to a news release from the U.S. attorney 's office , Misiewicz , 46 , used a position as deputy operations officer of the U.S. Seventh Fleet to help schedule visits of U.S. Navy ships to ports where Francis ' company provided services including tugboats , security , transportation , supplies , fuel and waste removal . "  In return , Francis provided Misiewicz with paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . The information Misiewicz passed on to Francis , a citizen of Malaysia who lives in Singapore , was "  confidential , " meaning its disclosure could cause serious harm to U.S. national security , the U.S. attorney 's office said . It detailed Navy ship movements months in advance , according to the U.S. attorney . A separate complaint alleges Beliveau , 44 , provided Francis with information about an NCIS fraud investigation into his company 's dealings with the Navy . "  In exchange , Francis provided Beliveau with , among other things , paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . The complaint , which was filed in the Southern District of California , states that Beliveau made arrangements to travel to Bangkok , Thailand , through the same travel agent Francis used . Read the complaint No evidence was found that Beliveau paid for his hotel or travel , or that he reimbursed Francis for the trip . Francis also arranged for a female escort to entertain Beliveau while there , according to the complaint . In e-mail correspondence between the two as detailed in the complaint , Francis attached a picture of the escort saying : "  Joyce your kinda Babe ? " Beliveau responded : "  Nice . You bet . Hopefuly I 'm her kinda guy , hehe . " Francis allegedly paid for three days of the escort 's time , including her airfare , according to the complaint . In all , the complaint alleges that Francis received the three-day trip to Thailand , escort included ; a laptop for a female acquaintance ; and went on a three-week , five-country trip through Asia . In return , Francis allegedly saved 125 NCIS investigative reports to his government computer . The affidavit states the reports were in connection with the NCIS investigation into Glenn Defense Marine Asia -- Francis ' company . According to the complaint , after many of the downloads the CD burner was activated , but it 's unclear what , if anything , was burned . The affidavit alleges that Francis burned the documents to a CD so that he could transport them out of the NCIS office . The special agent who wrote the affidavit wrote that there is no "  direct proof " that Beliveau gave Francis the downloaded documents . The three men are charged with conspiring to commit bribery and could face up to five years in prison if convicted . Francis is being held without bond in San Diego , where he was arrested . Navy SEAL video game scandal Beliveau was arrested in Virginia and Misiewicz in Colorado , where he was serving with the U.S. Northern Command at Peterson Air Force Base . Both men are expected to be sent to San Diego to face the charges against them . If true , the allegations against Misiewicz will tarnish what has been an inspiring immigrant success story . Born in Cambodia and adopted by an American woman serving in the U.S. Army in Phnom Penh , Misiewicz came to the U.S. in 1973 , a few years before the Khmer Rouge takeover of Cambodia . Millions died during the group 's brutal reign in what became known as the "  Killing Fields . " Misiewicz went on to earn his commission from the U.S. Naval Academy and in 2010 was in command of the destroyer USS Mustin when it made a port call in Cambodia . "  It is important for me to be strong and to remember and honor the sacrifices that were made for me , " Misiewicz said at the time , according to a Navy News Service report . "  Both Cambodians and Americans in my young life sacrificed life and happiness so I could have a better life . " "  Anything is possible . You can start anywhere , any place , if you 've got freedom and you have opportunity like we have in the U.S. , the sky is the limit , " he said in the report . Navy : Captain relieved , others investigated over questionable videos	Navy commander steered ships to contractor 's ports , complaint alleges NCIS agent told contractor of investigation , U.S. attorney says Payoffs included prostitutes , luxury travel , according to U.S. attorney 's office
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson feared his father so much he would faint or vomit sometimes when his father entered the room -- even when the pop singer was an adult , according to a book written by a former Jackson confidant . Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , Michael Jackson 's confidant , sat down with the King of Pop and taped 30 hours of interviews . "  The Michael Jackson Tapes " includes Jackson talking about his fear of growing old , his relationship with children , his friendships with Madonna and Brooke Shields , and his remarkable shyness around people that made his surround himself with mannequins . Jackson opened up to Rabbi Shmuley Boteach for 30 hours of interviews , which were taped nine years ago and intended for a book Jackson wanted written , Boteach said . "  He was trying to reclaim his life , " Boteach said Friday in an NBC "  Today Show " interview . Jackson , who died on June 25 of what the coroner found to be a deadly combination of drugs , "  lost the will to live , I think he was just going through the motions of life toward the end , " Boteach told NBC . CNN has not independently confirmed Jackson 's quotes in the book , but Boteach was known to be a spiritual adviser to Jackson for several years beginning about 1999 . Ken Sunshine , spokesman for the family , including the singer 's father , Joe , issued a statement on the book . "  We are not going to dignify this with a comment , " he said . The book was not published during Jackson 's lifetime because of the pop star 's child molestation trial , which ended with an acquittal in 2005 , the author said . The author said Jackson 's arrest ended any interest in a book about him . "  I do n't want to grow old , " Jackson is quoted as saying in one interview with Boteach . "  When the body breaks down and you start to wrinkle , I think it 's so bad , " Jackson said . Jackson talked to Boteach about why he was drawn to children , especially those who were sick . "  I love them . I love them , " he said . Helping children enjoy their childhood is his mission , Jackson said . "  I feel that this is something really , really in my heart that I am supposed to do , and I feel so loved by giving my love , and I know that 's what they need , " he said . Jackson said that while adults "  appreciate me artistically as a singer and a songwriter and a dancer and a performer , " children "  just want to have some fun and to give love and have love and they just want to be loved and held . " Boteach , in an interview about two years before Jackson 's November 2003 arrest , asked Jackson about the young cancer patient who would later become his main accuser . "  He 's special , " Jackson said . Boteach asked Jackson whether by speaking to people like the boy "  part of the pain goes away for them . " "  Absolutely , " Jackson said . "  Because every time I talk to him he is in better spirits . When I spoke to him last night he said , ' I need you . When are you coming home ? ' I said , ' I do n't know . ' He said , ' I need you , Michael . ' Then he calls me ` Dad . ' " Michael Jackson 's taped statements about his father 's treatment of him as a child echoed what he has said previously . "  He was rough , the way he would beat you , you know , was hard , " Jackson said . "  He would make you strip nude first . He would oil you down . It would be a whole ritual . He would oil you down so when the flip of an ironing cord hit you , you know , and , it was just like me dying , and you had whips all over your face , your back , everywhere . And I always hear my mother like , ` No , Joe , you 're gon na kill him . You 're gon na kill him . No . ' And I would just give up , like there was nothing I could do . And I hated him for it . Hated him . " Joe Jackson has denied physically abusing his son . "  Now , Michael was never beaten by me , I 've never beaten at all , " he told CNN 's Larry King in July . He did suggest he used spankings for disciplining his children . Another Michael Jackson quote from the book alleged emotional abuse by Joe Jackson : "  God bless my father because he did some wonderful things and he was brilliant , he was a genius , but one day he said , ` If you guys ever stop singing I will drop you like a hot potato . ' It hurt me . You would think he would think , ` These kids have a heart and feelings . ' Would n't he think that would hurt us ? If I said something like that to Prince and Paris , that would hurt . You do n't say something like that to children and I never forgot it . It affects my relationship with him today . " Jackson told Boteach he was still "  scared of my father to this day . " "  My father walked in the room -- and God knows I am telling the truth -- I have fainted in his presence many times . I have fainted once to be honest . I have thrown up in his presence because when he comes in the room and this aura comes and my stomach starts hurting and I know I am in trouble . He is so different now . Time and age has changed him and he sees his grandchildren and he wants to be a better father . It is almost like the ship has sailed its course , and it is so hard for me to accept this other guy that is not the guy I was raised with . I just wished he had learned that earlier . " In the excerpts provided to CNN by the book 's publisher , there were no quotes from Jackson discussing his drug use , but Boteach does write about what he saw during the several years he was Jackson 's spiritual adviser , starting in 1999 . While Boteach said he never personally saw Jackson use drugs , he did suspect it . "  In the time that I knew him , he always seemed intent on me having a positive view of him and nothing untoward was ever done in my presence , " he wrote . While their close relationship ended around the time of the molestation charges , Boteach said Jackson 's parents reached out to him later for help in convincing him to enter drug rehab . "  Perhaps I could inspire Michael to make that decision , and his parents thought I could at least help , " Boteach said . "  But I knew they were wrong . Michael had long since ceased taking my counsel . He found my advice too demanding . I was an irritant and was treated as such . " He said he told Joe and Katherine Jackson that "  it was imperative for them to save their son 's life by becoming available parents in his greatest hour of need . " Sometimes those closest to Jackson were not people -- but mannequins , the book said . Jackson said he was so shy at times he surrounded himself with dummies . "  Because I felt I needed people , someone , and I did n't have , " he said . "  I was too shy to be around real people . " Boteach , in the NBC interview Friday , said it made his skin crawl to hear that . "  His celebrity had created a degree of isolation where he could not simply feel comfortable around other people , " Boteach said . "  He thought that everybody wanted something from him . He felt that he was trapped in this cocoon of fame and that there was some exploitative relationship with virtually everyone that he met . " The book does offer insight into Jackson 's dating of celebrity women , including actress Brooke Shields . "  That was one of the loves of my life , " Jackson said . "  I just wished she loved me as much as I loved her , you know . " He told Boteach one problem he had with women was their jealousy of his fame . "  They admire you and know you 're wonderful and great , but just they 're jealous because they wish they were in your place , with they were in your shoes . And 'M ' is one of them -- Madonna . Hate to say that on tape . " CNN asked Madonna 's publicist Liz Rosenberg for a response : "  Madonna was very fond of Michael Jackson  as she clearly expressed in her tribute to him at the VMA 's  and I doubt anything in the book will change her mind , " Rosenberg said . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Former confidant 's book based on 30 hours of interviews with Michael Jackson Jackson told Rabbi Shmuley Boteach he was still "  scared of my father to this day " Jackson said Brooke Shields "  was one of the loves of my life " King of Pop said father would strip him naked and beat him , according to book
CNN  -- American military aircraft will fly African and European peacekeepers to the Central African Republic , which is in the midst of a bloody internal conflict between various proclaimed Christian and Muslim militias and other rebel factions . The decision announced the Pentagon was followed by a statement from President Barack Obama , who called on the country 's citizens to reject violence and urged the transitional government to join "  respected leaders " in Muslim and Christian communities in calling for "  calm and peace . " "  Individuals who are engaging in violence must be held accountable in accordance with the law . Meanwhile , as forces from other African countries and France work to restore security , the United States will support their efforts to protect civilians , " Obama said . Pentagon spokesman Carl Woog said "  the United States is joining the international community " in aiding the peackeeping effort "  because of our belief that immediate action is required to avert a humanitarian and human rights catastrophe . " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel responded after talking with his French counterpart , Yves Le Drian , on Sunday from Afghanistan , Woog said , adding that France asked for "  limited assistance . " The request for near term help involves U.S. air support to enable the prompt deployment of African forces "  to prevent the further spread of sectarian violence , " Woog said . Violence has raged in the former French colony east of Cameroon since a coalition of rebels deposed President Francois Bozize in March . It was the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . Bozize fled the country after his ouster . Left uncontrolled , militia groups are uniting along religious lines . Christian vigilante groups have formed to battle Seleka , the predominantly Muslim coalition behind the President 's removal . More than 400,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations . The U.N. Security Council unanimously approved a resolution last week authorizing military intervention by an African Union-led force backed by French troops to protect civilians , restore humanitarian access and stabilize the country . As part of the effort , the United States will fly troops from Burundi to the Central African Republic capital of Bangui . The Pentagon will provide security for its planes , but there is no indication about the number of troops involved . The operation is expected to be relatively small . Violence on the ground , which has included machetes , knives , rifles and grenades , will be a "  big factor " in any U.S. operation , a U.S. official told CNN . "  It 's a concern , " the official said . French President Francois Hollande said in Paris over the weekend that the goal is to hold elections once security is restored . Hollande will visit the Central African Republic on Tuesday , his office said , after he first attends the memorial service for former South African leader Nelson Mandela . No time was specified . Those displaced include people hiding in the bush without shelter , food , or drinking water , Doctors Without Borders has said . In a statement on Monday , the international medical organization called for all parties to let the wounded and sick "  safely obtain medical care , " and for "  an end to violence and threats against patients , civilians , and medical staff " nationwide . CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	NEW : French President Francois Hollande will visit the Central African Republic on Tuesday U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the country to reject violence U.S. military to fly African and European peacekeepers into capital The Central African Republic is wracked by internal conflict
CNN  -- A Florida man picked the wrong day to tickle Elmo . The man who police say assaulted another man dressed in an Elmo suit left the altercation with two broken fingers and was detained for a mental health evaluation , police said . The dust-up between the suspect and the man dressed as the beloved Sesame Street character occurred Saturday afternoon in a guitar store in the city of Winter Park . The suspect came into the store and began assaulting customers , including the man in the red furry suit , police said . "  The man who was wearing the Elmo costume was already in the store when the suspect entered the store and was physically aggressive towards customers and staff , " Winter Park police said in a statement . "  The suspect in this case suffered broken fingers and was taken to the hospital where he would receive treatment for his injuries and undergo a mental evaluation . The man dressed as Elmo was the victim in this incident and was not injured . " CNN affiliate WFTV said the man had been hired to perform as Elmo at a children 's event and the attacker began throwing punches at the costumed man . The scuffle sent the guitar store into chaos , according to store employees who called 911 . "  He has physically hit customers ; he knocked over a display , " an employee said on 911 tapes that police released . "  The place is in complete disarray right now . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Police say a suspect attacked another man who was dressed in an Elmo suit The incident occurred in a Florida guitar store Elmo is a character on the kids ' television show "  Sesame Street "
Southfield , Michigan  CNN  -- For 12 years , Rabbi Elimelech Goldberg worked at a camp for children battling cancer . He often witnessed the pain and discomfort many of them endured while undergoing medical procedures . "  It 's really indescribable , what it 's like ... to watch a child go through so much pain , " said Goldberg , who served as the director of Camp Simcha in New York . "  The child looks at you for help and then you end up having to hold them down . " One day , he tried to soothe a young camper who was screaming in pain during treatment . Goldberg , a black belt in Choi Kwang-Do , offered to teach the 5-year-old boy some of the craft . "  In martial arts , you learn that pain is a message that you do n't have to listen to , " he said . "  That lesson is so unbelievably effective . " Goldberg taught the boy some breathing techniques . When the nurse removed the needle after chemotherapy , he said the boy had hardly noticed . Goldberg realized he was on to something . "  When we are able to breathe through pain and imagine the pain lowering , " he said , "  the brain has an amazing capacity to put us into a different place . " In 1999 , Goldberg founded Kids Kicking Cancer . The program provides free martial arts classes focused on breathing techniques and meditation for children battling serious illnesses . "  When children get a diagnosis like cancer or any major disease , they lose any sense of feeling that they 're controlling their lives . They 're prodded and poked and touched , and they 're often so afraid , " Goldberg said . "  We teach kids how to control their pain and make them feel powerful . " A personal journey Goldberg knows what many of the children 's families are going through . His first child , Sara , was diagnosed with leukemia a week before her first birthday . Yet he was struck by his daughter 's positive spirit during the emotional time . "  She was such an incredible little soul , " Goldberg said . "  After very painful treatments , she would give the doctors a kiss and thank them . " In 1981 , after putting up a strong fight , Sara passed away at age 2 . "  She is our inspiration in everything that we do , " Goldberg said . Through classes and one-on-one support , Kids Kicking Cancer has helped more than 5,000 children and their families . "  We use martial arts as a platform for meditation , for relaxation , to allow children to gain these tools and to really face down so much of the fear and the anger and the junk that accompanies pain , " Goldberg said . The group provides individual support during hospitalizations and medical procedures . It also offers transportation to and from classes , as well as counseling . Power . Peace . Purpose . Haley Wallace joined Kids Kicking Cancer after she was diagnosed with cancer last year . The 9-year-old used to run for the door when doctors attempted to administer her treatment . Through Goldberg 's program , Haley learned to control her fear and pain . "  The way I breathe in the light is , I think of all the happy thoughts . And then the way I breathe out the darkness is I think of the bad thoughts and blow them away , " said Haley , who recently completed chemotherapy . "  I do have the power to make the pain go away . " The program encourages children to teach what they have learned to other youths and adults experiencing sickness , pain or stress . Goldberg believes that when the children teach the breathing technique to others , the children find purpose in their lives . "  When they demonstrate  that  you can bring in the light and let out the darkness -- the pain , fear and anger -- it changes people , " he said . For Goldberg , instilling that sense of purpose is especially important for children at the end of their lives . Before terminally-ill children pass away , his group gives black belts to them , organizing ceremonies with their family and friends . The ceremonies are sometimes held in big auditoriums filled with hundreds of people , or they may take place in small ICU rooms with immediate family crowded together . "  When we give children this black belt , we embroider the child 's name on one side and the words ` master teacher ' on the other , because they really are teaching the world , " Goldberg said . The organization began in Michigan and has since expanded its programs to New York , Los Angeles and Florida and internationally to Italy , Israel and Canada . "  I am so humbled by these children when they are able to face down big stuff , and you could see that light on their face , " Goldberg said . "  I feel like their souls are shining . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Kids Kicking Cancer website at www.kidskickingcancer.org and see how to help .	Kids Kicking Cancer provides martial arts classes that focus on breathing and meditation Elimelech Goldberg 's nonprofit was inspired by his daughter , Sara , who passed away at age 2 Kids Kicking Cancer allows children to face down fear and pain through various techniques
Coastal Living  -- Whether you 're looking for the perfect honeymoon spot , or just a romantic weekend for two , these ten Caribbean resorts are prime places to relax and indulge with each other . Island resorts in the Bahamas , Turks & Caicos , Antigua , Aruba , Tobago , Jamaica , Dominica , St. Barts , Grenada , and the British Virgin Islands have all the essentials for an exotic adventure together . The Bahamas : Kamalame Cay This private island is just a 15-minute flight from Nassau and offers an isolated sanctuary . No distractions , just you and your loved one . Surrounded by crystal-clear water and shaded with rustling palms , the 96-acre island can be navigated in your personal golf cart . Or just loll on the private stretch of beach outside your villa . Go Ahead , Indulge : You 'll get as much  or as little  attention as you want from the staff . If privacy is your priority , stay in your room for meals . Enjoy a homemade breakfast served in a wicker basket placed at your door . Make A Date : Wake up early to catch the sunrise in a double kayak , navigating placid waters under a pink-and-orange sky . Best Sunset : Grab a cocktail at the resort 's Great House and stroll across the sandy path to the dock . Rates : From $ 395 ; 876/632 -3213 or kamalame.com Turks & Caicos : Amanyara This luxurious slice of Eden on Turks & Caicos features a group of pavilion-style rooms and private villas shrouded in lush greenery . Outdoor enthusiasts will enjoy such activites as stand-up paddleboarding , kayaking , and swimming . Go Ahead , Indulge : Each open-air suite has a private entrance accessed via a palm-lined , crushed-shell path . Inside , sumptuous touches include water views , platform beds , and free-standing spa tubs . Enjoy sunbathing pads and sunken Japanese-style tables on two additional terraces . Make A Date : For dinner , choose a private picnic table on the beach at the casual Da Conch Shack . Order the salad made with fresh conch and refreshing rum punch , and get your groove on Thursday and select Saturday nights with live music ; 649/946 -8877 or conchshack.tc . Best Sunset : Grab a seat at Ocean Cove where you can perch on a rocky ledge overlooking the ocean . Rates : From $ 1,600 ; 866/941 -8133 or amanresorts.com Coastal Living : 10 Romantic island inns Antigua : Hermitage Bay This sybaritic spot is a paragon of privacy and sclusion . Just a 40-minute drive from the airport on the west side of Antigua , the four-year-old resort includes tropical gardens surrounding 25 cottages of a hillside above the beach . Outside , each private bungalow 's wooden deck overlooks the bay . Inside , gleaming dark wood floors , handmade furniture , and white linens lend a sophisticated but comfortable ambience . The resort 's 17 Hillside cottages feature private plunge pools . Go Ahead , Indulge : The bountiful gardens are brimming with native blooms , intermingled with organic fruits , vegetables , and herbs -- all used in the resort 's meals . Make A Date : Ask the chef to pack a basket with your choice of gourmet snacks and then hit a secluded beach or private island  transportation provided  . Best Sunset : The view 's excellent from the Hillside Cottages . Rates : From $ 1,450 ; 268/562 -8080 or hermitagebay.com Aruba : Bucuti Beach Resort featuring Tara Suites and Spa Artfully arranged on 14 acres of Eagle Beach , Bucuti is a boutique-style resort designed exclusively for couples , with an adults-only policty  no guests under the age of 18  . Utterly quiet thanks to a ban on motorized water sports , the resort is within walking distance of more than 20 restaurants and features rooms and suites with balconies overlooking the garden or ocean . Go Ahead , Indulge : After a couples massage on the beach , relax beneath the shade of a comfy palapa for two . Make A Date : It 's all about just-caught seafood and toes-in-the-sand chic at the Flying Fishbone restaurant , 20 minutes from Bucuti ; flyingfishbone.com Best Sunset : Sign up for a horseback ride along the sandy coastline at dusk . Rates : From $ 393 ; 297/583 -1100 or bucuti.com Coastal Living : The 31 best beach vacations Tobago : The Villas at Stonehaven The pastel cottages of this resort hug a high bluff overlooking the blue Caribbean and tropical rain forest , only 20 minutes from the airport . Designed by famed Mustique architect Arne Hasselquist , the 14 villas -- each with three oceanview bedrooms , a private infinity pool , and a personal housekeeper/cook -- nestle into the hillside with a 100-acre bird sanctuary as a next-door neighbor . Go Ahead , Indulge : Enjoy a candlelit dinner at the resort 's Pavilion Restaurant . Make A Date : Stroll through the oldest protected rain forest in the Western Hemisphere , or head to one of dozens of uncrowded powder-sand beaches to see giant leatherback turtles . Best Sunset : Watch the sun dip below the horizon from a comfy chaise lounge on your spacious veranda . Rates : From $ 413 ; 868/639 -0361 or stonehavenvillas.com Jamaica : Round Hill Resort Round Hill has hosted its share of icons -- from Elizabeth Taylor to Fred Astaire -- but every guest is treated famously . A driver picks you up from Montego Bay Airport for the 30-minute ride to the resort , where louvered doors open to private balconies overlooking tropical plans and the beach from each of the stone-floored , Ralph Lauren-decorated oceanfront rooms . Go Ahead , Indulge : Sit at the thatched-roof beach bar and sip an ice-cold Red Stripe while checking out the surf . Make A Date : Call for a dinner reservation at the nearby Tryall Club and request the private water-front gazebo . Enjoy local seafood as waves lap in the background ; 876/956 -5660 . Best Sunset : Float to the edge of the infinity pool for unobstructed views of the pink , purple , and gold sky . Rates : From $ 579 ; 876/956 -7050 or roundhill.com Coastal Living : Top 10 feel-good getaways Dominica : Rosalie Bay Mountainous adventure and dramatic photo ops await couples at Rosalie Bay . Set on the wild Atlantic coast of rugges , mostly undeveloped Dominica , this brand-new nature resort 's 28 guest rooms and suites have mountain , ocean , river , or garden views amid towering palms , coconut trees , and sea grapes . Go Ahead , Indulge : Swin in the tranquil Rosalie River , or walk along Black Sand Beach -- also a leatherback , hawksbill , and green turtle sanctuary . Make A Date : Lace up your hiking boots for an intense trek over moss-covered paths to Boiling Lake , the world 's second-largest volcanically heated body of water . Best Sunset : Take a bottle of wine to the sandy Turtle Beach on Dominica 's unspoiled west coast . Rates : From $ 250 ; 767/446 -1010 or rosaliebay.com St. Barts : Le Sereno Recently updated by esteemed French designer Christian Liaigre , Le Sereno offers the perect balance of milimalism and luxury . Situated on the east shore of St. Barts , its 37 suites and villas -- all with ocean views and private terraces -- look out over a palm-studded beach . Inside , cuddle up on king-size beds and enjoy modern amenities , from iPod docks to wireless Internet and flat-screen TVs . Go Ahead , Indulge : Get an in-room massage with luscious Ligne St. Barth products and swaddle yourself in plush Porthault linens and robes . Make A Date : Try dinner at the decadent Le Ti St. Barth , which features an innovative menu and nightly cabaret ; letistbarth.com . Best Sunset : Watch the sky at the open-air Do Brazil restaurant on Shell Beach ; dobrazil.com Rates : From $ 680 ; 888/537 -3736 or lesereno.com Grenada : Spice Island Beach Resort A three-mile drive from the airport takes you to this family-run boutique resort on the largest of the so-called Spice Islands in the Grenadines  known for bounteous crops of nutmeg and mace  . In the lavish suites , you 'll find flat panel HDTVs , some with Bose soud systems . Listen to your favorite iPod playlist while lounging on the chaises on your private patio or balcony overlooking the tree-studded shores of Grand Anse Beach . Go Ahead , Indulge : The open-air beachfront restaurant , Oliver 's , takes full advantage of its abundant herb garden , serving up island favorites like twice-baked callaloo souffle . Make A Date : Enjoy the sights and sensory delights -- from a whiff of cinnamon to the sounds of steel-drum calypso -- at the spice-and craft market off Grand Anse Beach ; grenadagrenadines.com/detail/grand-anse-craft-spice-market . Best Sunset : Go for a cruise along Grenada 's leeward coast as night falls . Rates : From $ 618 ; 473/444 -4258 or http://www.spicebeachresort.com/ British Virgin Islands : Peter Island Resort Peter Island has all the romantic essentials : secluded beaches , luxurious suites and villas , and a quietly attentive staff . Located on one of the largest private islands in the Caribbean , the resort is the only attraction  excluding wild goats  , and five different beaches ensure you 'll have your own stretch of soft sand . Go Ahead , Indulge : Surrounded by lush gardens , the spa offers an Indian Ayurvedic program , including massage and yoga . Make A Date : Escape to Honeymoon Beach , where the hotel will drop you off with a picnic lunch to enjoy the day under the shade of a lone palapa . Best Sunset : Sign up for the Sunset Loop , an exciting ride up the curvy mountain roads to one of the highest points on the island . Rates : Oceanview rooms start at $ 740 ; 877/547 -5711 or peterisland.com Escape to the Coast ! Sign up for our newsletter filled with coastal style and top travel destinations .  Coastal Living , 2011	Kamalame Cay is a private island just 15-minutes from Nassau and offers an isolated sanctuary Antigua 's Hermitage Bay is a paragon of privacy and sclusion Dominica 's Rosalie Bay promises mountainous adventure and dramatic photo ops
CNN  -- As a teenager , Roger Pontz 's eyesight began to fail . Doctors told him there was nothing they could do to save his vision and over the years his sight deteriorated until , by the age of 40 , he was completely blind . Pontz had been diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa , a hereditary eye disease that damages the retina -- a layer of tissue at the back of the eye that converts light to nerve signals and sends them to the brain . But he always believed that one day he would see again . A few years ago he heard about a device called the Argus II . Known as the "  bionic eye , " it gave a glimmer of hope that some of his sight might be restored . "  At that time it was all experimental , " recalls Pontz , "  so I just kept waiting and kept waiting and thought someday it would happen , because you have to believe in yourself . " The Argus II system consists of a pair of glasses with a small video camera mounted on it , which captures images . A prosthesis no larger than a pencil eraser is surgically implanted on the surface of the retina and information from the camera is transmitted wirelessly to electrodes on the artificial retina , where it is converted to electrical pulses . Any remaining cells that have n't been damaged by the eye disease are stimulated by the pulses , leading to a perception of light patterns in the brain . It 's a long way from perfect vision -- the users perceives simple flashes of light , no color or details -- but it can be enough to get around . The Argus II has been used in Europe since 2011 in countries including Italy and Germany , but Pontz lives in Michigan , and the device was n't approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration until last year . On January 22 , 2014 Pontz became the second person in the United States to get the implant . The surgery itself lasted around four hours but the recovery took a few weeks . When doctors at the Kellogg Eye Center , at the University of Michigan , finally activated the chip , they warned Pontz that he might not see anything right away , but in fact the effects were immediate . He remembers : "  They turned it back on and I 'm sitting there and I 'm thinking : there was a light flashing on the screen was n't there ? And they said , ` yeah . ' "  I looked up and I said ` there 's a light up there , ' and I turned around and the three lights in the room , I pointed right at them . " The surgery was a success . It appeared Pontz would regain some vision with the help of the glasses and the implant , but it would n't be easy . After years of not processing visual information , it was n't just Pontz 's eyes that had to learn how to see again . "  You have to go through the process , kind of like learning a new language , " says Kari Branham , genetic counselor at Kellog Eye Center . "  You have to retrain your brain to see and understand those images that it 's seeing . " So every week , Pontz and his wife drive to Ann Arbor for rehab , three hours there , and three hours back . "  They start out in the beginning really just teaching them what they 're seeing , " says Branham . "  So , how do they understand what they 're seeing ? What 's the difference when they see the lights and when they do n't see the lights ? How to interpret what a shadow is , what 's a light ? Then learn about interpreting lines and things like that . " Although seeing pulses of light may not sound like much , for Pontz it 's so much more than he had before the procedure . "  It 's been pretty awesome , " he says . "  I can tell when my grandson runs around the house , I can tell when people step in front of me , I can tell when my wife had on a white top versus dark bottoms , vice versa . I could follow my mom around on Easter ; she had a light top on . Every day it 's something small but something different . " There have been four such surgeries performed at Kellogg this year -- one of only two clinics in the United States currently doing the procedure , although 10 more are working to add the operation . The American Academy of Ophthalmology notes that surgery like this does come with "  potential complications " and this procedure still is n't available to the "  mass public . " But it also notes that for "  someone who has no vision this is an outstanding breakthrough , " even if the vision is still only "  rudimentary . " With the progress of patients like Pontz , there is growing hope for the "  bionic eye , " and for a second chance at sight . "  I told my wife for years , ' I do n't know when , what , or how , but I will see again , " says Pontz . "  You got to believe in yourself -- I always have . Someday , yes , I will see again . I did n't know how , where , when -- but it 's happening now . "	An artificial retina is restoring partial vision in blind people The Argus II collects visual information using a video camera on a pair of glasses Roger Pontz is only the second person to get the implant in the United States "  It 's been pretty awesome , " he says
Washington  CNN  In a broad bipartisan vote , the Senate on Tuesday gave final approval to a Medicare reform bill that includes a permanent solution to the "  doc fix , " a method the government has used to ensure payments to Medicare providers will keep up with inflation . The bill , which passed 92 to 8 , also includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program . The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years . Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch of Utah called passage of the bill a "  major , major accomplishment . " "  Tonight , the Senate is voting to retire the outdated , inefficiency-rewarding , common sense-defying Medicare reimbursement system , " said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon , the top Democrat on the Finance Committee just before the final vote . The House approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and President Barack Obama is expected to sign it . Senate passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place since the last temporary "  doc fix " had already expired . Some conservative senators , including Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz of Texas , balked at the more than $ 200 billion price of the bill and pushed an amendment to have the costs offset . The bill , "  institutionalizes and expands Obamacare policies that harm patients and their doctors while adding roughly half a trillion dollars to our long-term debt within two decades , " Cruz said in a statement . "  Any deal should be fully paid for and include significant and structural reforms to Medicare . " But that amendment was defeated , as were several others from each party that came up for votes . Earlier , House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio warned the Senate not to change the bill . "  Unless the Senate passes the House-passed ` doc fix , ' significant cuts to physicians ' payments will begin tomorrow , " Boehner said . "  We urge the Senate to approve the House-passed bill without delay . " Cruz voted against the bill , as did Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , another Republican running for president . GOP presidential contender Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky voted for the bill .	Bill passes 92 to 8 ; passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place GOP presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio vote against the bill , candidate Rand Paul votes for it
Editor 's note : Rep. Jared Polis , a Democrat , represents Colorado 's 2nd Congressional District and is appearing in CNN.com 's "  Freshman Year " series along with Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Republican from Utah . Jared Polis says America 's immigration system is broken and urgently needs reform . CNN  -- Twelve-year-old Josh Garcia courageously took the stage . Fighting back tears , he told how he came home from school one day to find that his father had been taken into an immigration detention facility . His father , an entrepreneur who had created dozens of jobs , was "  exactly the kind of person we want in this country . " And there was n't a dry eye in the place as this young American boy told the audience how the next time he saw his father , he was traumatized to find him "  in a prison " surrounded by men with guns . On June 13 , I sponsored an immigration town hall in my home state of Colorado to discuss the harm our broken immigration system is causing American families and the urgent need for comprehensive immigration reform . More than 1,600 attendees , including representatives from Protestant , Catholic , Jewish and Muslim faiths , filled the Immaculate Heart of Mary Parish Center in Northglenn and spilled outside onto the lawn in the hot June sun . Catholic Archbishop Charles Chaput -- despite our many differences -- joined me onstage to urge people of faith to stand up for immigration reform . The audience listened with rapt attention as Josh and several other Americans directly impacted by our broken immigration laws recounted their haunting tales . Our current immigration system is broken and greatly in need of reform . In order to create real , long-lasting reform , we must create a pathway to legal status for the millions of undocumented immigrants who have made lives for themselves and their families in the United States . It is essential for our national security to know who resides within our borders . And this phenomenon is not unique to Colorado ; throughout the country , Americans agree that it is time to reform our broken immigration system . According to a recent poll of 1,000 voters by the Benenson Strategy Group , more than eight in 10 Democratic , Republican and independent voters support Congress passing comprehensive reform , as do 86 percent of voters who are undecided on the 2010 congressional race . Only 14 percent oppose the reform . Americans agree that comprehensive immigration reform is fair to both taxpayers  81 percent agree  and illegal immigrants  79 percent agree  , and 91 percent agree that the comprehensive proposal would help taxpayers by making illegal immigrants pay taxes . If we secure our borders and crack down on employers who illegally hire , and deport illegal immigrants who have committed crimes , nearly seven in 10  68 percent  voters argue that the remaining 12 million illegal immigrants should be required to register , meet conditions and eventually be allowed to apply for citizenship . A whopping 62 percent of self-identified Republicans say they should be allowed to stay and apply for citizenship . Clearly , Americans agree that the economic and national security burdens placed on state and local governments -- not to mention the incredible hardships placed on immigrant families -- because of the failures of federal immigration policy are unfair and that we desperately need meaningful reform . It is rare to find this kind of across-the-board consensus , and it indicates that rather than demagoguery , the American people want action . Our town hall 's other special guest , my colleague Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , formed the United Families movement . It works to bring diverse groups to the table from faith-based organizations , civil rights groups , unions and businesses to demand comprehensive immigration reform . Thanks to their leadership , progressives and conservatives in Colorado and across the country are working to urge President Obama and Congress to take it up this year . Amnesty alone is not the solution . We need real reform . We tried amnesty in the late 1980s , and because we never took serious steps at enforcement , we wound up in precisely the same predicament 20 years later . If all we do is pass amnesty , we will likely be having the same debate again a few years . Likewise , the "  enforcement-only " policies of the past few years have failed and have resulted only in even more illegal immigration and the separation of American families . Trying to enforce our out-of-touch laws is as foolish and impossible as trying to enforce a law requiring that water flow uphill . The good news is that we can solve this issue . We can pass practical comprehensive immigration reform . Crafting a solution to this complex problem will require a debate , which should begin without delay . Citizens and elected leaders of this great nation must realize our common goal of putting an end to illegal immigration and demand immigration reform now . We are a nation of immigrants . Our diversity has always been our strength . We should be thankful that we have even have this problem to consider , thankful that America continues to be a beacon of hope and liberty , and thankful that the best and brightest from across the globe are fighting to start a better life in our country and take part in the American dream . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jared Polis .	Jared Polis : America urgently needs to reform broken immigration system He says the public supports comprehensive immigration reform America 's strength comes from being a nation of immigrants , Polis says
Beijing  CNN  -- In China online popularity can sometimes spell trouble . Charles Xue realized that recently when he was arrested in Beijing on charges of soliciting prostitutes . Xue 's supporters claim he is being singled out because of his online activities . Xue , 60 , is a Chinese-American businessman and blogger , whose regular musings about issues such as corruption and political reform have made him hugely popular -- he has more than 12 million followers on Sina Weibo , China 's Twitter-like micro-blogging site . But he has also caught the attention of authorities . His arrest , prominently reported in state-run media , is widely seen by Chinese netizens as part of a government crackdown on the spread of rumors on the Internet . On Friday , another well-known microblogger was reported to have been detained . Dong Rubin was being held on charges of mis-stating his company 's registered capital , according to a statement from his lawyer reported by the South China Morning Post . China has more Internet users than any other country , with more than 500 million people online , and an estimated 300 million microblog users . Although the services are censored -- with sensitive terms blocked and posts deleted -- the speed with which information can be disseminated has proven a headache for Beijing . While the microblogs have been used to disseminate false information such as extraterrestrial sightings , they have also become a forum for spreading news of scandals , protests and venting public anger at incidents such as the 2011 Wenzhou bullet train crash , when the response from authorities was heavily criticized online . After that incident , which focused public opinion against authorities , a senior Beijing official visited the headquarters of Sina and urged the Internet firm to curb the spread of "  false information . " Counting re-tweets Since then the authorities have even quantified what constitutes such a crime . "  Internet users who share false information that is defamatory or harms the national interest face up to three years in prison if their posts are viewed 5,000 times or forwarded 500 times , under a judicial interpretation released on Monday , " the state-run Xinhua News Agency reported this week . If a netizen posts a single message deemed as slanderous , for instance , and it 's viewed more than 5,000 times , or re-tweeted or shared more than 500 times , it may be considered as a "  serious case " punishable under China 's libel law . The authorities have not been slow to take action . Last month Beijing police closed down an Internet marketing company and arrested four of its employees for publishing posts attacking Lei Feng , a "  selfless " People 's Liberation Army soldier who became the subject of an official propaganda campaign after his death more than four decades ago . The police said the company , Erma , has long used salacious and provocative posts about public figures and institutions to "  rock " the Internet and drive traffic to certain sites , the South China Morning Post reported . Earlier this year , journalist Liu Hu was arrested after publicly accusing a senior official of negligence . Prior to his detention , Liu used his real Weibo account to make repeated allegations against Ma Zhengqi , deputy director of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce and former vice-mayor of Chongqing , a bustling metropolis in southwest China . The police have said only that Liu was suspected of fabricating and spreading rumors . Persecution According to Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher with Human Rights Watch , China 's state media may say the campaign is aimed at combating fraud , hoaxes and defamation , but in reality "  it is more a political persecution of critics of the party and the government . " But why the crackdown now ? It is prompted in large part by the uncertainty caused by China 's slowing economic growth and by the current leadership transition in China , said Jeremy Goldkorn , founder and editor of Danwei , a China-focused blog and media research firm . "  These factors have caused the party to return to the Leninist tactic of stepping up information controls , and to the Maoist practice of asking ` who are our enemies ? ' and ` who are our friends ? ' which is why some social media personalities now find themselves in trouble , " he said . Shaping opinions Another factor is that China 's massive Internet-savvy population consists mostly of young people who go online for online games , e-commerce and social networking . Each day , tens of millions of people use micro-blogging services such as Weibo to share information . Among them are celebrity bloggers like Xue $ " business tycoons , movie stars , writers and commentators $ " who have millions of "  followers , " giving them enormous influence in shaping the opinions of such a large and mobile population -- a real worry for the Beijing government anxious to avoid an erosion of its control . As a result -- no doubt influenced by the online whistle blowers exposing official malfeasance -- the new administration of President Xi Jinping is pursuing an anti-corruption campaign , vowing to target those who put the party and state in jeopardy . "  Xi was forced to accelerate the drive by a steady drum beat of Internet revelations that forced the regime to sack and try a series of mid-level officials to demonstrate to a deeply cynical public that it was willing to act against rampant corruption and arrogance of power , " said Andrew Wedeman , author of "  Double Paradox : Rapid Growth and Rising Corruption in China . " "  The contradictory response to the media , bloggers and whistle blowers reflects the regime 's fear that it might be losing control of the campaign , " Wedeman said . "  It can not afford to let the Internet keep driving the campaign . It can not lose control over the choice of targets . " Internet regulation Yet even advocates for change accept not all accusations made online are accurate . "  You have a need to regulate the Internet , " said Bequelin . "  There are a lot of unsavory things happening in China , such as unscrupulous PR companies mounting campaigns against another company just to offer their service to put an end to it . But the best disinfectant is sunlight . If you have a free press , then these rumors just get dragged out naturally . " Because many Chinese citizens do not trust the state-run media to expose any wrongdoings of the party , Bequelin said , they turn to Weibo . Meantime , the authorities are trying to assuage concerns that the drive against rumor-mongering could muzzle legitimate whistleblowers . A recent Xinhua report quoted Sun Jungong , a spokesman for China 's Supreme Court , pledging that "  netizens who help expose corruption online will not face charges , even if their posts are not 100 % accurate . " Still , the campaign may be intimidating some bloggers . "  When posting on Weibo , some bloggers joke about it by adding words like ` be kind to me , do n't forward more than 500 times ' , " said a Chinese journalist who requested anonymity . "  Others are having fun forwarding nonsensical messages , press releases or Weibo postings from government accounts more than 500 times . " "  At some point , the government will need to declare victory and pull back , " said Wedeman , a professor at University of Nebraska-Lincoln who has focused on the issue of corruption in China . "  So long as it can not control the flow of rumors and charges on the Internet , it can not begin to draw the campaign to a close without looking like it is sweeping things under the rug . "	Chinese government involved in crackdown on the spread of rumors on the Internet They are targeting sharing of false information that is defamatory or harms national interest Bloggers , users with huge numbers of followers , influence under the official spotlight Critics believe the crackdown is a politically-motivated campaign against free speech
CNN  -- Airlines were scrambling to accommodate passengers affected by the cancellation of hundreds of flights after a monster weekend winter storm that blanketed a swath of the East Coast . In addition to refunds , a spokesman for Delta Air Lines said the company is providing a weather waiver that allows passengers to reschedule without a penalty if they were scheduled to travel before Christmas . "  We 're doing everything we can to accommodate customers to get them to their holiday destinations , " said Paul Skrbec , Delta spokesman . American Airlines said it would add extra flights , use bigger planes where possible and reflow passengers to other flights . Passengers who were affected can switch flights with no change fees through Thursday , said Charley Wilson , airline spokesman . Continental Airlines said though flights are extremely full because of the holidays , it is working on a "  case-by-case basis " to ensure passengers get home for the holidays . Passengers can also either get a refund or change their flights for free at Continental 's Web site or through the 800 number , said spokeswoman Mary Clark . Record snow blanketed some areas Sunday , including 23 inches in Bethesda , Maryland , and 24 inches in Medford , New Jersey . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , received 23.2 inches -- its second-highest snowfall ever in a single event . East Coast travelers faced treacherous roads , and flight delays and cancellations Sunday . Dulles and Reagan National airports in Washington saw snowfall of 18 inches and 16.4 inches respectively -- the highest one-day totals ever for December . At New York 's LaGuardia Airport , some passengers were resigned to their fate . "  You sort of crumble once , get it over with and then put on a smile and just understand that 's the weather and there 's nothing you can do about it , really , " said Mira Chopra , who was stranded at the airport . Two people were killed in weather-related crashes , the Virginia State Police said Sunday , and "  there are two additional deaths that are likely related to the winter storm . " The storm , known as a nor'easter , blanketed the mid-Atlantic region and the heavily populated Interstate 95 corridor . Meanwhile , western North Carolina residents were digging out from the powerful storm . About 28,000 households had no power into Sunday night , said Drew Elliot , spokesman for Progress Energy . In Washington , Mayor Adrian M. Fenty said the storm is "  perhaps the biggest we 've seen in several years . " "  We are going to throw everything we have at it to keep the District open for business on this busy pre-holiday weekend , " Fenty said when he announced the snow emergency . But , he also urged residents to stay put in their homes . "  We urge everyone if you do n't have to go anywhere , wait . We should have a lot of streets ready to go by rush hour Monday . And , hopefully , all of it done between Monday and Wednesday . " Nine people were taken to a hospital after a bus and a city snow plow collided , a D.C. fire official said . The injuries were not considered serious .	Monster weekend winter storm blankets a swath of the East Coast Delta offers weather waiver on rescheduling fees ; American to add flights Record snow blanketed some areas Sunday ; Philadelphia gets 23.2 inches At least four deaths have been linked to the winter storm
CNN  -- The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is coming to the rescue of Republican Senator Pat Roberts , airing its first television ad in Kansas starting Wednesday morning , CNN has learned . The Chamber of Commerce has been playing a big role this election year by spending millions on ads to prop up incumbents in GOP primaries , and now in the general election , to help defeat Democratic incumbents . Spending money in the ruby red state of Kansas to defend Roberts was hardly the original plan for the Chamber of Commerce . But after the Democratic Senate candidate Chad Taylor dropped out , and Orman , an independent , began rising in the polls , the group decided to join several others to try to save Roberts , and potentially a GOP takeover of the Senate . Related : Republicans hit South Dakota airwaves Orman 's calling card is that he is a businessman outside Washington and outside the party structure , beholden to no one . It 's a powerful weapon in an election where voters are even more fed up with politics and politicians than usual . The Chamber 's ad , which is set to air statewide in Kansas on broadcast and digital , is trying to crack that image of Orman by painting him as just another politician refusing to take positions on key issues , and follows the GOP talking point of the last few weeks -- linking Orman to President Obama and Democrats in the Senate . It even uses the classic Obama campaign logo for the "  O " in Orman . Orman has donated to Democratic campaigns including Obama 's in the past , and said he voted Democrat too . But he has also voted for GOP candidates . His line is that he tried both parties , and liked neither . The ad also whacks Orman for refusing to say which party he would caucus with if he were to win the Senate seat . He has said he would caucus with the majority , but wo n't say what he would do if there is no clear majority and his decision on which party to back would be a deciding factor . CNN / ORC Poll : Roberts rebounds in Kansas Senate race CNN is told this initial ad buy is half a million dollars . Scott Reed , former campaign manager for Bob Dole 's presidential run , heads the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's political team . Dole , a longtime Kansas senator and good friend of Roberts , has been playing an active private and public role trying to prop him up . Last week , CNN reported that several other conservative groups from all corners were also beginning to pour resources into Kansas , including the Koch brothers ' group Americans for Prosperity . Republicans had hoped to only be defending competitive seats in Georgia and Kentucky , but Roberts tarnished image in Kansas as someone who lost touch stuck with him even after he won a tough GOP primary earlier this year .	Republican Sen. Pat Roberts is in a tough reelection fight with an independent candidate . The Democrat dropped out of the race because the independent had a better shot at winning . Republican leaning groups have rallied around Roberts in an attempt to keep the seat .
Alamogordo , New Mexico  CNN  -- Shortly after her birth , Moesha was taken away from her mother and sent to a laboratory for a life of medical testing . Like the 265 other chimpanzees at the Coulston Foundation 's facility in Alamogordo , New Mexico , Moesha would be poked and prodded in the name of medical research . Moesha was one of the lucky ones : She survived . Others were not so fortunate . Three chimpanzees housed at the Coulston Foundation were literally cooked to death when their enclosures heated to 140 degrees Fahrenheit . When federal authorities found out about the facility 's mistreatment of these animals , it lost its funding and went bankrupt . That 's when a team of animal welfare experts stepped in and changed these chimpanzees ' lives forever . With the help of a $ 3.7 million grant , the Save the Chimps organization purchased the facility in 2002 and transformed it into the world 's largest sanctuary for chimpanzees . It would serve as temporary housing for the chimps until the organization could create a more permanent outdoor sanctuary in Florida . But first , Moesha and the others -- isolated for most of their lives -- would have to learn how to live as family units . And that process would take nearly a decade of rehabilitation . Learning to become chimps again One of the first priorities in rehabilitating the chimps was modifying their cages , known by the Save the Chimps team as "  the dungeon . " This gray , concrete structure housed 54 chimpanzees , most of them crammed into small , individual cages . The cages where the rest of the chimpanzees were housed were n't much bigger but they shared the space with another animal or two . "  It was six months of cutting doors into six-inch thick concrete walls so that chimps could actually see each other for the first time and meet each other for the first time , " said Save the Chimps sanctuary director Jennifer Feuerstein . Even with the new doors and skylights , the dungeon still had a dark feel to it , and resembled a concrete block of prison cells . Once the buildings were modified , the care of the animals became routine and the team began to slowly create diverse family groups for the chimps . "  The ultimate goal was forming family groups of 20 to 25 chimpanzees , " explained Feuerstein , "  We did it by introducing one chimpanzee at a time , so we 're talking over the past 10 years thousands of thousands of introductions . " Meet one of the oldest chimpanzees in captivity For Moesha and many of the other chimps , this was a completely new experience . Moesha would rock back and forth and often scream for no apparent reason . She was pale , balding and anxious when Save the Chimps took over the facility . Moesha was immediately introduced to another chimpanzee , Alari , and soon after bonding with her , Moesha was introduced into a chimpanzee family . Her hair has since thickened and her skin darkened from the sunlight that peeked through the bars in her newly improved cage . Feuerstein said it took a while for the chimpanzees to get used to each other . Some groups took up to a year to form . "  When a family was ready and an island was ready , then we would migrate a group to Florida , " she said . "  Eleven groups were formed and migrated over a period of six years . We started doing large scale migrations in 2005 , 2006 . " Chimpanzees as medical test subjects The United States is one of two remaining countries -- the other being Gabon -- that legally allow chimps and other great apes to be used in invasive biomedical research , according to the Humane Society of the United States . However , other countries still contract the services of research centers that use chimps , according to Dr. Thomas Rowell Director of the New Iberia Research Center in Louisiana . There are more than 930 chimpanzees at U.S. medical research facilities , most of them used for hepatitis testing , according to a report by the Institute of Medicine issued in December . The report stated that chimpanzees are not necessary for most biomedical research . The institute recognized two possible uses for chimps : one for cancerous tumors that are already part of ongoing investigations , and the other for a hepatitis C vaccine . A panel of experts advising the National Institutes of Health on how to implement the the Institute of Medicine 's report is expected to issue its recommendations by the end of the year . Read more about the Institute of Medicine report A bill that would end invasive research on chimps and other great apes has been before Congress since 2008 , reintroduced in subsequent years , most recently as the the "  Great Ape Protection and Cost Savings Act of 2011 . " A Senate subcommittee has the bill on its agenda for Tuesday . Frederick Coulston began using chimpanzees for toxicology tests in the 1940s at Holloman Air Force Base in Alamogordo , New Mexico . Coulston , who died in 2003 at age 89 , helped develop hepatitis vaccines and spent years working on a vaccine for AIDS , according to his obituary in the Los Angeles Times . But the use of chimpanzees in his research made him a target of animal welfare advocates . In 1993 , he established the Coulston Foundation in Alamogordo -- considered the largest chimpanzee laboratory in the world -- where he carried out his research on chimps and loaned them out to other laboratories , with the help of government funding . The facility was cited numerous times for violating the Animal Welfare Act and federal funding was withdrawn , forcing it to close in 2002 . That year , Coulston reached out to Save the Chimps founder Dr. Carole Noon , offering to sell the laboratory and donate all 266 chimpanzees to the organization , according to Save the Chimps . Nine years later , the chimps were ready to move from the former laboratory to the outdoor sanctuary in Florida . Getting ready for the journey Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are handed out to Moesha and her family as they get ready for the 2,000-mile cross-country journey . Moesha is one of the final 10 chimps heading to the sanctuary in Fort Pierce : 150 acres of former orange groves , transformed into islands where the chimpanzees will be permanently retired . The islands keep the chimpanzees , who are afraid of water , on the property without the need for fencing . It will be their first time living outdoors . Before the specially designed trailer carrying the final 10 chimps departs New Mexico , tears fill the eyes of the Save the Chimps staff as they say goodbye . The chimps are wheeled onto the trailer in small , single cages near the members of their family units . Each chimpanzee has a window seat . It is after dark when Alari , the last chimpanzee , is loaded into the trailer . She is placed next to Moesha and across from Taz . As the staff takes pictures and says their goodbyes , high-pitched hoots and screams can be heard outside the trailer , which the chimpanzees aggressively rock . This behavior is barely noticed ; it is no different from the past 26 times workers have loaded a group of chimpanzees destined for Florida . But this trip is different and Feuerstein 's thoughts are on the Save the Chimps founder , who passed away before the "  Great Chimp Migration " could come to a happy end . "  I wish Carole Noon was here . She started it . All this was her project . This was her dream , " Feuerstein said . As the truck pulling the trailer slowly drives out of the gate , a crowd of former and current employees gives a loud cheer . The last of the Coulston chimpanzees is heading for a new life far away from the former research facility . Back to nature The 2,000-mile road trip will take a day and a half , because of frequent stops to check on the chimpanzees . They are fed fruits and juice and medicine is administered . Moesha , Alari and Sarah are on birth control pills and Bart , Alari and Brody are given medicine for anxiety . When the trailer arrives in Fort Pierce , Florida , the chimps are greeted by a cheering crowd of workers and volunteers . After being reunited with the other nine members of their family that arrived ahead of them , Moesha and her traveling companions are let out onto the island . It 's the first time these chimpanzees have felt grass under their feet and direct sunlight on their skin . Feuerstein recalls how far Moesha has progressed over the past decade . "  Moesha is amazing , " said Feuerstein , with the emotion of a proud mother . "  When she first came , she was the most scared , timid chimp . " Showing no fear of her new surroundings , Moesha -- unlike her other family members -- confidently walks across the grass to the middle of the island . There she sat for a few minutes , taking in her new green surroundings , soaking up the kind of life she never knew existed .	Save the Chimps spent nearly a decade rehabilitating chimps from the Coulston Foundation The 266 chimps were used as medical research test subjects until 2002 The animal welfare group recently transported the chimps to a sanctuary in Florida It 's the first time these chimpanzees have lived outdoors
CNN  -- Europe 's largest powers appeared Wednesday to be united in their goal of removing al Qaeda-linked militants from the West African nation of Mali , where Islamist rebels are fighting to overthrow Mali 's government . A quarter-million people have fled Mali -- twice the number who have fled fighting in Syria -- and stirred international fears that Mali will become Africa 's next haven for terrorists . Why is Mali important ? French troops and warplanes have been helping Malian government forces stop Islamists from overrunning the capital , Bamako , an effort they 're calling Operation Serval . French President Francois Hollande told reporters in Paris on Wednesday that it was a "  necessary decision " to go into the country , a former French colony . Read more : France vows to halt jihadist charge in Mali "  If we had not acted when we did , it probably would have fallen into the hands of terrorists , " he said . France is "  doing it to help the Malian people . " French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday that French troops and warplanes joined the battle last week on the side of Malian government forces , and prevented the Islamists from capturing the city of Mopti . Germany 's Defense Ministry announced Wednesday it will contribute two Transall transport planes to the offensive . Italy said it is "  ready for a logistical support operation " in Mali , Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi told a senate hearing on international missions Wednesday . Read more : Malian rebels vow to ` open gates of hell ' as U.S. weighs policy options Belgium 's defense minister said Tuesday that Brussels will send two C-130 transport planes , two medical helicopters and 75 soldiers to Mali . Canada , which is supplying logistical support to the mission , sent a military transport plane to France , where it was loaded Tuesday with supplies and personnel to continue on to Mali . The United States has promised to help the effort , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States is reviewing requests from the French , but that no decisions have been made on specifics . A spokesman for the Turkish Foreign Ministry , Selcuk Unal , said Turkey was watching the developments in Mali with concern and added that his government did not prefer unilateral actions and operations , according to the semi-official Turkish news Anadolu Agency . Unal noted that Turkey has issued a travel warning for Mali . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? The operation , though , is being led by France , those countries say . Hollande has said France had three aims : stopping the "  terrorist aggression " from the north ; securing Bamako and safeguarding French nationals there ; and enabling Mali to recover its territorial integrity . He stressed that France was in Mali at the request of its government , with the support of its neighbors and world powers , and within the framework of international law . "  If we had not taken up our responsibility and if on Friday morning we had not acted with this intervention , where would Mali be today ? " Hollande asked . The fighting has spurred the U.N High Commissioner for Refugees to prepare for a possible flow of refugees from Mali into neighboring countries of Niger , Mauritania and Burkina Faso . "  We have been preparing contingency plans and getting ready on the ground to ensure that we can deal with various possible scenarios , " said Karl Steinacker , the UNHCR representative in Niger . "  The provision of water , sanitation and hygiene , health , education , protection from sexual and gender-based violence , and child protection are our main priorities , " he added . Mali was one of the most successful democracies in Africa until insurgents began trying to take it over . Besides taking many lives , the insurgents have destroyed historic shrines in Timbuktu that date to the 15th century . The attackers say the shrines offend Sharia law . Read more : Panetta : U.S. could provide logistical , intel support in Mali Such allegations have spurred the International Criminal Court to launch a war-crimes investigation , its chief prosecutor announced Wednesday . Fatou Bensouda said Mali 's government asked the U.N. tribunal to investigate in July , after Islamists had taken control of much of the country . "  The international crimes committed in Mali have deeply shocked the conscience of humanity , " Bensouda said Wednesday . "  The legal requirements have been met . We will investigate . " The ICC has found "  reasonable basis " to support allegations of murder , torture , mutilation , rape and pillaging , Bensouda said . The human rights group Amnesty International welcomed the announcement , calling it "  a crucial step towards justice for the victims . " But the group said the ICC should look at human rights abuses committed by all sides in the conflict , including by government troops and the ethnic Tuareg rebels , whose 2012 revolt set the stage for the current conflict . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Hada Messia and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	A United Nations tribunal will investigate claims of war crimes in Mali , prosecutor says French president : Going into Mali was a "  necessary decision " International community fears Mali will become next haven for terrorists Germany says it 's contributing planes ; Italy says it 's "  ready " to give support
CNN  The artificial breathing support for a clinically dead woman who is 18 weeks pregnant has been switched off by the Irish hospital treating her , an official with detail knowledge of the case said Saturday . Ireland 's High Court ruled Friday that doctors can withdraw the artificial breathing support as there is "  no reasonable prospect " her unborn child will survive . The 26-year-old woman was pronounced clinically dead on December 3 after suffering serious brain trauma . Prior to the High Court ruling , doctors had refused to turn off the machine providing artificial breathing support out of concern for the rights of the unborn child . Under Ireland 's constitution , the unborn have the same right to life as the mother . Abortion is illegal except in cases where the mother 's life is at "  real and substantial risk " due to medical complications or the threat of suicide . The court said in its ruling that this was a "  tragic and unfortunate case , " and that medical experts showed no medical or ethical basis to continue "  with a process described as verging on the grotesque . " The woman had two children ages 6 and 4 years and was engaged . Ireland 's Pro Life Campaign also called the case tragic , but said the court proceedings were necessary . "  While it is very difficult for the families concerned that cases like this sometimes end up in court , the fact is that it is a sign of a healthy democracy that life and death issues are taken seriously and appropriately determined , " the group 's Ruth Cullen said in the statement .	Doctors in Ireland remove breathing support from a pregnant woman She had been declared clinically dead December 3 after a brain injury Doctors kept her breathing over concern for the rights of the unborn under Irish law
CNN  A few months before Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing , an enthusiastic plane spotter named Gunnar Kullenberg heard Malaysia Airlines was about to stop flying to the United States . He wanted a photograph of its majestic Boeing 777-200 and planted himself at the Los Angeles airport at dawn . That 's where he snapped a photo of the airplane dancing in the glowing sky . "  I did n't think much of it , other than that it was a beautiful fall day here in Southern California , " Kullenberg recalled . Ercan Karakas , an airline captain , captured a similar image in Istanbul in January 2012 . "  I 'm a spotter . I love to watch and photograph the takeoffs of heavy aircrafts , " he wrote of the experience . "  I know they are not a metal , flying bird ; they connect thousands of people in a journey to happiness . " When Flight 370 went missing , Kullenberg and Karakas were among the plane spotters who checked their trove of images . Several found they had photos of the plane when they discovered the registration number matched . Flight 370 was airplane 9M-MRO . These spotters ' fantastical musings of planes in flight turned suddenly to dark speculation . "  I fly 60 to 90 times a year ; how could this happen ? " asked Hansueli Krapf , a Swiss businessman who captured 9M-MRO sitting on the runway in South Africa two years ago . "  What on earth could have happened to a plane when there is so much tracking ? " Plane spotters upload hundreds of images to air buff websites all the time , reflections of their fascination with flight . They chat for screen pages about the mechanics and wonder about their far-off destinations and the passengers . They invent stories about people from far-flung countries touring faraway lands , on holiday , on business or studying abroad -- just like the passengers of Flight 370 . After the plane disappeared , Michael Raisch , a visual historian , surfed the airline websites looking for postings of the missing plane . "  You begin to see how interconnected the world is , " said Raisch , who once compiled a time-lapse photo project of the rebuilding of One World Trade Center . "  There is a mystique to flying . Like everything matters more if it happened on an airline . " Raisch put up a Web page with some of the photos and reached out to the photographers for their recollections . What is emerging is a visual history of the plane . The plane spotters document the 9M-MRO 's travels . It spent time in Los Angeles , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , and Perth , Australia . It set down in South Africa , Vienna and Rome . The dates the spotters shared with CNN for the pictures they posted on websites such as airliners.net and Wikimedia.org sync with the dates the plane flew through those airports . So does the information they provided about their own backgrounds as pilots or aviation students or ordinary folks with long histories of photographing planes . Their motive for recording air travel is also well-documented . They all love planes . Plane spotters seek ` Wayne 's World ' thrills Canadian Dan Miclea said he contributed to the gallery after he had an "  Oh , wow " moment when he realized he 'd seen 9M-MRO sitting on a runway in Rome on June 27 , 2010 . The 20-year-old has taken thousands of images of planes , including the moment he spotted a shiny Boeing 777 from Malaysia . "  It 's fascinating that we get such a big piece of metal up in the air and fly , " he said . Bernhard Ebner posted his photo when he discovered he had spotted the missing plane on May 5 , 2013 , in Amsterdam , the Netherlands . "  We wanted to wake up early in the morning to catch the most long-haul flights , " Ebner said . "  It was a beautiful sunrise at this day as you can see on the picture , and a little bit foggy . Perfect for catching the early birds . " His excitement over capturing a picture of an exotic Malaysian airliner turned to sadness when he realized it had later vanished from the sky . "  I was so surprised about this and ca n't really believe it . They have 105 planes , 15 Boeing 777-200 , and I caught exactly this one , I do n't know what I really should  say  now , " Ebner said . Raisch said he believes the plane spotters are deeply affected by having a piece of the airplane 's history . "  It 's human nature to want to hold on to a piece of something , " said Raisch , who still marvels at his photos of the towers before 9/11 and talks passionately of his chance encounter with actor Paul Walker , who died in a car crash . "  The human part of you says , ` OMG , I have this piece of something that is now missing . I have something that is now lost . ' " Krapf , the frequent flier , said he feels like each picture allows him to share a special part of an airplane 's history . He has been fascinated with planes since he was 4 . "  My father used to take us to Zurich Airport , and we would just watch , " said Krapf , who later became an amateur pilot . "  For me , pilots were heroes , gods . The aircrafts themselves with the noise they made and the size of them , the fact that we could fly , it all fascinated me . " He remembers the five-hour layover in South Africa , where he caught sight of the bold white plane with its blue and red streaks sitting on the runway , a glint of sunshine piercing the metal . "  I was on a business trip on the way home from Zambia . I always take free time at airports to take some photos of planes , " he said . Lorenzo Giacobbo 's image on January 30 , 2011 , in Rome is the kind of breathtaking photo the plane spotters yearn to capture . The sky is cloudy and rain showers are painting the clouds . Streaks of light pierce the liquid gray sky and illuminate the metal . "  The moment I saw those images that I took of the plane , I was feeling shock and glad at the same time , because I never believe that plane is now gone and I have in my personal collection a copy of the plane , " he wrote . The experience is perhaps most emotional for Ignatius "  Iggy " Kwee , who snapped his image in Perth on August 10 , 2010 . He was active on a WhatsApp chat group for aviation fans when word of the missing plane came through . "  It 's just sad really , and being a Malaysian myself , I might even have had a ride on that similar aircraft once upon a time ago flying from Kuala Lumpur to Perth back in the days before AirAsia X came to this part of the world , " he said in a message to Raisch . "  The triple seven is a joy to fly in . It 's graceful with its huge twin engine , feeling robust in the air and beautiful to photograph in action with all the flaps down , the triple landing gear bogeys . Now having learned this is the first total airframe and lives lost of a triple seven in a crash , it 's just unbelievable in this modern aviation world . " Ocean Shield : A mission of hope in search for Flight 370 Flight 370 : High-tech search tools Inside the flight simulator Read the cockpit transcript	Plane enthusiasts discover they took photos of missing Malaysia Airlines plane In photos , Boeing 777-200 registration number is visible on plane Plane spotters seem both happy and dismayed to find they have these images
"  I have here in my hand a list of 205 communists ... " The ghost of Joe McCarthy 's ulcerous accusations hung over a disturbingly casual comment this past week by U.S. Rep. Allen West , R-Florida . When asked by a constituent at a town hall , "  What percentage of the American legislature do you think are card-carrying Marxists ? " "  That 's a fair question , " West replied . "  I believe there 's about 78 to 81 members of the Democratic Party that are members of the Communist Party . " Keep in mind that this is the man Sarah Palin recently recommended be Mitt Romney 's vice presidential nominee . And not only did West not apologize -- or receive significant criticism from his fellow Republicans -- his revealing response was to raise funds off it . The number West picked out was apparently based on the number of congressmen affiliated with the Congressional Progressive Caucus . This is an organization of the most liberal members of Congress , but to call them communists is a slander splashed with blood . Communists , of course , murdered more than 100 million people in the past century , if you add up the rough total of butchery by Vladimir Lenin  Soviet Union  , Joseph Stalin  Soviet Union  , Mao Zedong  China  and Pol Pot  Cambodia  . This is the reason people were understandably offended at Miami Manager Ozzie Guillen 's recent comments professing admiration for Cuban Communist dictator Fidel Castro . But there were no widespread protests or requests for censure in West 's case . Instead it was greeted as an almost unremarkable part of the new normal . A military man of West 's rank understands the magnitude of his misstatement . So I 'm assuming that he was sincere in the accusation . To equate liberals in Congress with communists is like equating conservatives in Congress with fascists -- something only the most brain-dead Occupy protester would attempt . And just for a moment imagine if a liberal member of Congress made an equal and opposite accusation , saying that all the members of the tea party caucus were Nazis . It would be rightly greeted with wall-to-wall outrage . But the asymmetric polarization of our politics has made such accusations within the easy reach of politically successful ideologues at unguarded moments . West 's comments were simply extensions of U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann 's infamous statement in 2008 about how then-candidate Barack Obama -- and many Democratic members of Congress -- held "  anti-American views . " They really believe this stuff : Anyone who is not avowedly conservative is considered liberal -- and therefore anyone who is avowedly liberal is considered communist . This is not a little insane . It is this logic also that allows conservative activists to paint Obama as socialist or communist . Anything even slightly left of center is immediately seen as extreme . Thereby ideas embraced by Republicans even a decade ago -- such as the individual mandate to buy health insurance -- are now seen as radical and a clear attempt to undermine the U.S. Constitution and replace freedom with socialism . This is what happens when politics starts looking like a cult with litmus tests and loyalty oaths and periodic purges of anyone who dissents . Perspective is the first thing abandoned . And when a member of your "  team " says something extreme , it is either ignored or excused by invoking extreme statements from the other side of the ideological gulf -- therefore the conservative response to Rush Limbaugh calling Sandra Fluke a slut was to try and make the debate about Bill Maher 's past statements about Sarah Palin . An insensitive but not entirely inaccurate statement by liberal pundit Hilary Rosen is suddenly seen as serving as a surrogate for the Obama campaign despite their immediate denunciations of it . Extending this logic , Mitt Romney will be held that responsible for anything extreme conservative talking heads say in this campaign . Fundraising off extreme statements is just the latest innovation -- something even more cynical than anything Joe McCarthy might have tried . At least for now , West is not a new McCarthy . He 's not a fearful force , but a fringe voice in Congress . But the ratcheting up of rhetoric has been occurring for so long that we almost do n't notice it anymore . This feeds the cycle of incitement that is polarizing our politics . It will only stop when members of the two parties start condemning extreme comments made by members of their own team . And if elected officials start to equate liberals with communists , it is time to break the glass in case of emergency , because we are losing any sense of perspective in American politics .	GOP congressman falsely claimed up to 81 Democrats in House are communists John Avlon says leaders of right and left have to condemn extreme views in their ranks He says Rep. Allen West 's attempt to raise funds compounded his nutty claim
A doctor who recently returned from Guinea has tested positive for Ebola -- the first case of the deadly virus in New York City and the fourth diagnosed in the United States . Here is a timeline of Craig Spencer 's movements since he got back from the West African nation : When did he return from Guinea ? Spencer came back to the United States last week after treating Ebola patients in Guinea , where he worked for Doctors Without Borders . He completed his work in Guinea on October 12 and left the country two days later via Brussels , Belgium . He arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport on October 17 , but he exhibited no symptoms of the virus until Thursday morning , said Dr. Mary Travis Bassett , New York City 's health commissioner . The physician , who works at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital , was checking his temperature twice a day . He has not seen any patients since his return . Did he have any symptoms ? The 33-year-old did not have any symptoms just after his return , but he developed a fever , nausea , pain and fatigue Thursday morning , authorities said . He began feeling sluggish a couple of days ago , but his fever spiked to 100.3 degrees Fahrenheit  about 38 Celsius  the day his symptoms appeared . How many people has he been in contact with ? Spencer was in contact with a few people after he started exhibiting symptoms . Ebola is n't contagious until someone has symptoms . Three people -- his fiance and two friends -- are being placed on quarantine and monitored , health officials said . "  They are all well at this time ; none of them is sick , " Bassett said . What places did he visit ? Spencer started feeling fatigued Tuesday , though without a fever , officials said . That day , he visited a coffee stand and a meatball restaurant in Manhattan . The next day , he ran for 3 miles in his neighborhood , and took the subway to a bowling alley in Brooklyn . He was n't symptomatic until Thursday , when he had a low-grade fever , officials said . The bowling alley closed Thursday and its bar was cleaned and sanitized as a precaution , it said . Both the coffee stand and the bowling alley were assessed and cleared by health officials while the restaurant was expected to reopen Friday evening . Spencer also traveled on three subway lines . "  At the time that the doctor was on the subway , he did not have fever ... he was not symptomatic , " Bassett said . Chances of anyone contracting the virus from contact with him are "  close to nil , " she said . Is the hospital equipped to handle Ebola cases ? Spencer is at New York 's Bellevue Hospital Center , where he has been in isolation since emergency personnel took him there . It 's one of eight hospitals statewide designated by Cuomo as part of an Ebola preparedness plan . "  We are as ready as one could be , " Cuomo said . His state will be different from Texas , he said , where a Liberian man was diagnosed with Ebola and two nurses who treated him later contracted the virus . The man , Thomas Eric Duncan , died October 8 . "  We had the advantage of learning from the Dallas experience , " he said . CDC issues new hospital guidance for Ebola How will his case be different from Duncan 's ? Duncan , who had flown from Liberia to Dallas , was the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States . Two nurses who helped care for him also got infected , raising concerns about the nation 's ability to deal with an outbreak . One of the Dallas nurses , Nina Pham , has been declared free of the Ebola virus while another one , Amber Vinson , is still hospitalized . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said his city followed every protocol in its handling of Spencer 's case . For starters , Spencer was admitted to a hospital as soon as he developed symptoms , unlike Duncan , who was sent home with antibiotics the first time he went to Texas Presbyterian Hospital . Duncan returned days later and was hospitalized . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has dispatched a team to New York to help with the case . "  We want to state at the outset there is no reason for New Yorkers to be alarmed , " the mayor said . 5 things nurses say the Texas hospital got wrong What about his neighbors ? Spencer 's Manhattan apartment has been isolated and locked . City health department workers canvassed the neighborhood , distributing information about Ebola and slipping fliers under doors , said Eugene Upshaw , who lives in Spencer 's building . The handbills , which read "  Ebola : Am I at risk ? " explain the virus , its symptoms and how you can get it . "  What we 're doing now is just telling the folks who live here in the neighborhood that they 're safe . It 's safe for them to be in their buildings , it 's safe for them to go to their apartments , it 's safe for them to walk down the street , " said Sam Miller , associate commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . The outbreak has killed nearly 5,000 people , mostly in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . How many Ebola cases have been diagnosed in the U.S. ? Spencer is the fourth person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States . After Duncan , who was infected in his native Liberia before being diagnosed in Dallas , two nurses treating him later tested positive . Latest Ebola developments Have there been other cases involving Americans ? Yes . Five other Americans have been diagnosed with Ebola in West Africa and later transferred to the U.S. for treatment . They were treated and discharged from hospitals in Atlanta and Omaha , Nebraska . An additional American died of Ebola in July after traveling to Nigeria from Liberia .	Craig Spencer , 33 , came back to the United States last week The doctor did not have any symptoms until Thursday , health officials say New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo : "  We are as ready as one could be "
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will learn the fate of a controversial law that would shield him from prosecution on Thursday , the country 's Constitutional Court said Tuesday . The court heard arguments Tuesday about the legality of the "  legitimate impediment " law , which would effectively grant top Italian government officials immunity while they are in office . The Berlusconi-backed law says top government officials can not be prosecuted because their officials duties make it impossible for them to attend court hearings . The law would suspend criminal trials until the official leaves office . The law was approved in March 2010 , but prosecutors in Milan challenged the constitutionality of the measure , saying it should be judges , not politicians , who determined whether someone had time to attend court . Two separate trials against Berlusconi are pending , and a third one is in the works . He 's accused of bribing a witness to commit perjury in one case , and of tax fraud and other financial irregularities in another . Both trials began but were suspended when the immunity law was passed . Berlusconi has called the charges politically motivated . A third case against the prime minister , also related to tax fraud , is in preliminary stages . Berlusconi has been tried on at least 17 separate charges since first taking office as prime minister in 1994 , but remains very popular with the Italian public . The immunity law was due to expire 18 months after it was passed , which would make it expire in October . The Constitutional Court can rule it is unconstitutional and strike it down , uphold it , or rule it partially unconstitutional and modify it , Italian media reported .	Silvio Berlusconi 's government passed a law protecting officials from prosecution Prosecutors challenged it on constitutional grounds Berlusconi was facing two separate prosecutions when the law was passed
CNN  -- The chairman of the Republican National Committee said he was "  appalled " by a song called "  Barack the Magic Negro " on a CD distributed by one of his political rivals . Republican National Committee Chairman Mike Duncan is first party member to criticize "  Barack the Magic Negro . " "  The 2008 election was a wake-up call for Republicans to reach out and bring more people into our party , " RNC Chairman Mike Duncan said in a statement reported Saturday afternoon by Politico . "  I am shocked and appalled that anyone would think this is appropriate , as it clearly does not move us in the right direction . " Chip Saltsman sent RNC members the parody CD "  We Hate the USA " for Christmas , which includes the controversial tune . He defended his decision Friday , telling CNN the song was clearly intended as a joke . Watch the controversy over the song " "  I think most people recognize political satire when they see it , " Saltsman told CNN . "  I think RNC members understand that . " Saltsman , a former chair of the Tennessee Republican Party , was a top advisor to former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and managed former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's presidential campaign . He is one of several candidates running to replace Duncan in the closely contested race to lead the Republican Party . The song , set to the tune of the 1960s pop hit "  Puff the Magic Dragon , " was first played on Rush Limbaugh 's radio show in 2007 . Its title was drawn from a Los Angeles Times column that suggested Obama appealed to those who feel guilty about the nation 's history of mistreatment of African-Americans . Saltsman said the song , penned by long-time friend Paul Shanklin , should be easily recognized as satire directed at the Times . The CD includes parody songs referencing former Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards and the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , among other targets . Also Saturday , Peter Yarrow , who co-wrote "  Puff the Magic Dragon , " called Saltsman 's decision to distribute the parody tune "  offensive , " and "  shocking and saddening in the extreme . " "  It is almost unimaginable to me , " Yarrow wrote in a statement sent to CNN , that Saltsman "  would seriously be considered for the top post of the Republican National Committee . Puff , himself , if asked , would certainly agree . " Yarrow , a member of the 1960s folk group Peter , Paul and Mary , was a contributor to Obama 's presidential campaign .	RNC Chairman Mike Duncan says he is shocked by "  Barack the Magic Negro " Duncan says controversy "  clearly does not move us in the right direction " Campaign advisor Chip Saltsman sent CD to RNC members for Christmas Saltsman is running to replace Duncan as leader of Republican Party
CNN  -- Harry Kewell scored a dramatic extra-time winner as Australia beat holders Iraq 1-0 in the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup in Doha Saturday . The former Liverpool star struck with three minutes left of added time to deal a hammer blow to Iraq 's title defense . The Socceroos will now take on Uzbekistan for a place in Saturday 's final in Qatar . Kewell , who now plays for Galatasaray in Turkey , headed a cross from Matt McKay past Iraqi goalkeeper Mohammed Kassid to settle a tense encounter . Victory was sweet revenge for the Australians , who were beaten 3-1 by eventual winners Iraq in the group stages of the competition four years ago . Chances were few and far between in the first half of normal time , although McKay and Kewell came close just before the break . But in the second half , the Lions of Mesopotamia started to roar and Emad Mohammed hit the post with Mark Schwarzer beaten . Into extra-time , it was Australia who looked the more likely to make the breakthrough with Sasa Ognenovski nearly scoring with a spectacular overhead kick . Penalties were looming though when 32-year-old Kewell cropped up to score the vital goal to send Holgier Osieck 's men through . "  We showed great character in this game . It was delightful for the coach to watch . " he told AFP . "  Basically , we should have done it in the regular 90 minutes . Iraq played better in extra time . " Meanwhile , South Korea beat Iran 1-0 in in the later quarterfinal , again after extra-time , to set up a last-four meeting with Japan . South Korea dominated for most the match but created few clear-cut chances at the Qatar Sport Club stadium . However , a goal from South Korean midfielder Bit Ka Ram Yoon in the 105th minute was enough to knock out the three-time champions . Both semifinals are scheduled to take place on Tuesday .	South Korea score in extra-time to beat Iran 1-0 in Asian Cup quarterfinals Harry Kewell scores only goal of the game as Australia knock out 2007 champions Iraq Kewell heads home winner with three minutes left of extra time in Doha Australia to face Uzbekistan in semifinals ; South Korea to meet Japan
CNN  -- It will be her second retirement from tennis , but this time former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters insists she is quitting the court for good . The Belgian has announced she will bow out in September after the U.S. Open , the setting for three of her four grand slam titles . Clijsters retired in 2007 to give birth to her first daughter , but returned in 2009 to enjoy the most successful period of her career . The 28-year-old added to her first grand slam in 2005 by securing back-to-back titles at the U.S. Open in 2009 and 2010 . She then added the 2011 Australian Open to her roll of honor . It was during this period that Clijsters regained the No. 1 ranking for the first time in five years , but since then a series of injuries have disrupted her career . She told a press conference in New York that a swansong in the Big Apple would be a fitting end to her career . "  As it stands I will end my career at the U.S. Open . That is where I enjoyed my greatest triumphs and it is a very special place for me , " she said . "  The stadium is only about 45 minutes away from our house in the United States and my parents-in-law will be able to be present . " Clijsters announced last month she would miss the clay court season after suffering a hip injury at the Miami Open . She intends to return for the calendar 's third grand slam , at Wimbledon , and will compete in the London Olympics at the same venue later in the year before calling it a day at Flushing Meadows . Meanwhile , at the WTA tournament in Strasbourg , there were victories for 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone and Israel 's Shahar Peer . On the men 's ATP Tour , world No. 7 Tomas Berdych defeated veteran American Andy Roddick 6-1 6-2 at the World Team Cup in Dusseldorf , Germany . Berdych ensured a point for his native Czech Republic in the team event , while Florian Mayer got defending champions Germany off to a strong start by defeating Croatia 's Ivan Dodig 6-1 6-1 . Serbian pair Viktor Troicki and Janko Tipsarevic also enjoyed victories over Russian duo Dmitry Tursunov and Alex Bogomolov Jr. respectively .	Former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters announces she is to retire in September The Belgian has won four grand slam titles during a 13-year career in tennis Clijsters won three times at the U.S Open , which will be her last tournament The 28-year-old quit in 2007 before returning to the game in 2009
CNN  -- Growing up , I wanted to be Too Tall Jones , the Hall of Fame defensive end for the Dallas Cowboys . The way I saw it , I already had the last name . And I was oversized , much taller than the other girls -- and the boys for that matter . So in my mind I was Too Tall . No one could tell me different . It made me feel special to walk around the neighborhood with that nickname . Too Tall was a superstar . So I was , too -- and not just the gangly girl some people saw trying to find her way . My scruffy friends and I would play tackle football for hours in a dusty patch behind my building . And I would charge the field , screaming with unbridled joy , crushing anything in my path . No pads . No flags . No rules . Getting injured ? Nobody worried about such nonsense . But those days are long gone . Today , though few things bring me greater joy than football , I am at a crossroads . It 's obvious we need new rules to save the game and protect players . No one can ignore the mounting medical evidence that brain damage sustained in football , as well as other contact sports , is linked to serious health problems , including depression , dementia , suicide and death from respiratory problems . The discussion has even reached the White House . Last week , President Obama weighed in , urging the NCAA to address the serious health hazards in the college game . This week , the NFL players union announced it has given Harvard University a $ 100 million contract to conduct a 10-year study on concussions and other health issues associated with the game . For me , it is not only a question of whether the multimillionaire NFL pros are being protected . You do n't have to be a sports insider to understand that the tragic death of Junior Seau and the serious health problems of many retired NFL players demand changes in the way football is played . There really is no choice . But football is also putting our kids in danger . Research , such as a study done by Boston University School of Medicine , has identified serious brain damage , or CTE -- chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- not only in the autopsied brains of professional football players but in at least one high school player 's brain as well . More than ever before , parents are terrified of putting their boys on the field and , understandably , refuse to let their kids play football . Even Obama , a big football fan , told The New Republic that if he had a son , he would "  have to think long and hard " about whether he would let him play , because of the potential of getting injured . And those parents who allow their kids to play football want safer rules and better oversight . "  My son was kickoff returner . I could n't even watch . " said Paige Hockman , whose oldest boy was a star player at Vestavia Hills High , a public school outside of Birmingham , Alabama . "  You are watching 11 huge boys fly downfield and their goal is to kill your child , just to knock a ball loose . It 's the scariest part of the game . If anything could be done on the kickoff where the momentum  would be  slowed down , I would be all for that , " she said . "  Maybe we could do away with the kickoff completely . " Hockman is a football mom . She understands well that even a small rule change , such as eliminating the kickoff , might cause a nationwide revolt . But she also knows her job is to keep her boys safe . When her 10th-grader , a lineman at Vestavia , was recently sidelined for more than two weeks with a concussion after a dirty hit in practice , his mother did n't panic . She is confident that the school is following the stringent injury policy mandated by the state of Alabama . But Vestavia Hills High is rare . It is a well-funded school district where most of the parents are college-educated , Hockman said . The football team has a trainer and team doctor , who regularly communicate with parents . Other players and families might not be as fortunate . "  It 's very different in Podunk , Alabama , schools , where parents and coaches are less educated and more concerned about winning than safety for the children , " Hockman said . "  I hate to say it , but economics make a big difference . They do n't do things the right way in those schools . " Ex-NFL stars after concussions : Lives unraveled Football 's a dirty , dangerous game . It 's never been for the fainthearted , and that 's part of the appeal . But in order to save the game , and stop parents from steering their kids away from the gridiron , new rules are necessary . The game will have to be safer to attract future generations . Change might have to come first from the ranks , where parents ' impact is still greater than that of big-money TV deals and wealthy alumni boosters . Change may come from schools like Vestavia Hills High , or even from the Pop Warner organization , the nation 's oldest youth football and cheerleading program , where an estimated 250,000 kids play football across the country . Pop Warner 's executive director , Jon Butler , is taking safety more seriously these days , thinking of new rules and creative ways to better train volunteer coaches . His organization created a medical advisory board of neurologists and neurosurgeons to examine how to avoid and detect concussions . It has decided to immediately take any child with a head or neck injury out of the game , and to require a doctor 's note to allow that child to play again . The group has set limits on how long each player can stay in a game and how much contact is allowed during practices . Coaches can not spend more than a third of practice time in full speed contact . And no full-speed drills can start more than three yards apart . Butler envisions a time when brain scans will be mandatory each season for all children who want to play football . He wants to use this technology to identify kids who are most susceptible to brain injuries . And those players , he said , would be directed to other sports with less contact and fewer collisions . Good luck selling those ideas to the NCAA or the NFL and its player unions -- or even some parents . But I think Butler is headed in the right direction . He 's putting player safety first . Call me silly , but I think a kid should be able to dream about becoming an NFL star playing in the Super Bowl -- a safe Super Bowl . Who knows ? She might just become a superstar on her own field on the way to the Big Game . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones has always loved football , but says it 's time to recognize its risks Evidence mounting that playing football can result in dangerous brain injuries Jones : The game needs rules to make it safer or more parents wo n't let sons play Change will be very difficult , she says , but it 's time to set up better safeguards
EW.com  -- Obi-Wan Kenobi said act on instinct  $ " but others might see this as a disturbance in the Force . Lucasfilm has announced that "  Star Wars : Episode VII " director J.J. Abrams and "  Raiders of the Lost Ark " writer Lawrence Kasdan have taken over screenwriting duties from Michael Arndt , an Oscar winner for "  Little Miss Sunshine " and nominee for "  Toy Story 3 , " who had previously been working on the story . The movie is slated for release in 2015 but no firm date has been set . In its announcement about the screenwriter shuffle today , Lucasfilm said the current plan is still to begin shooting in Spring 2014 . Abrams started out as a screenwriter with such films as "  Regarding Henry " and "  Forever Young " before becoming more genre and sci-fi focused with "  Alias , " "  Lost , " and movies such as "  Mission : Impossible 3 , " "  Super 8 " and the "  Star Trek " reboot . ` Star Wars : Episode VII ' will be filmed in the United Kingdom Kasdan has a rich history in the "  Star Wars " universe . While best known as a writer-director of dramas such as "  Body Heat , " "  The Big Chill " and "  The Accidental Tourist , " Kasdan also co-wrote "  The Empire Strikes Back " and "  Return of the Jedi . " He had been consulting on the development of the new trilogy , which picks up with the Rebellion after the death of Darth Vader and Emperor Palpatine . Kasdan was also working with screenwriter Simon Kinberg on the development of spin-off prequels being developed by Lucasfilms . Sources tell EW that one film will follow the adventures of young Han Solo , while the other focuses on Boba Fett and his rival bounty hunters . ` Star Wars ' spin-offs : A young Han Solo movie , and a Boba Fett film It 's not clear what role Arndt will have moving forward . Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy characterized the change-up as a positive in her statement . "  I am very excited about the story we have in place and thrilled to have Larry and J.J. working on the script , " she said . "  There are very few people who fundamentally understand the way a ` Star Wars ' story works like Larry , and it is nothing short of incredible to have him even more deeply involved in its return to the big screen . J.J. of course is an incredible storyteller in his own right . Michael Arndt has done a terrific job bringing us to this point and we have an amazing filmmaking and design team in place already prepping for production . " Massive productions like this typically go through multiple rewrites , so it would be premature for anyone to have a bad feeling about this just yet . While Abrams and Kasdan get the script in shape , pre-production for "  Episode VII " remains underway . The plan is to shoot mostly at London 's Pinewood Studios , but exterior locations are being scouted , nearly every actor in the business is trying to land a role with the casting department , and sets and costumes are being designed in preparation for those actors to inhabit when principal photography gets underway . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	J.J. Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan have taken over screenwriting for "  Episode VII " Michael Arndt had previously been working on the story The movie is slated for release in 2015 but no firm date has been set Lucasfilm said the current plan is still to begin shooting in Spring 2014
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For "  Coco Avant Chanel " director Anne Fontaine , there was only one actress who could play Coco Chanel in her biopic about the legendary couturier -- French actress Audrey Tautou . In "  Coco Avant Chanel , " French actress Audrey Tautou plays Coco Chanel , founder of the iconic Parisien haute couture house , Chanel . Already uncannily similar in looks , Tautou 's strong performance breathes life into Gabrielle "  Coco " Chanel , the fiery designer who would found iconic Parisian haute couture house , Chanel . From the way she holds her cigarette to Coco 's famously sharp gaze , Tautou is a dead-ringer for the young Coco . "  She is perfect for the part , " Fontaine told CNN . "  She has this determination and authority . " "  Coco " charts the couturier 's early life -- an almost fairytale journey from orphaned cabaret performer in Moulins to the 20th Century 's foremost fashion designer . Fontaine , who also wrote the script for "  Coco , " says the film would have been impossible without Tautou : "  For me , it was the beginning of the story to have a good interpretation of Coco -- if not , I would n't have written the script . " But , while Tautou 's unmistakable similarity to Coco Chanel made her an obvious choice for the role , the striking actress says she was n't interested in doing a "  birth to death " biopic of the designer . "  It seemed to me that the period when Coco was building herself and asserting her personality is the most interesting in her life , " says Tautou who rose to international prominence in quirky 2001 drama , "  Amelie . " It was Fontaine 's vision that finally convinced the 32 year-old actress to take on the role : "  When Anne explained how she intended to treat the subject , I immediately agreed , " Tautou told CNN . "  She knew she was predestined for this role , " says Fontaine . "  She has this ` little black bull ' side to her , a grace , finesse , and an irrefutable charisma . " "  Coco " focuses on the years Chanel spent living with wealthy socialite , Etienne Balsan . Balsan , played brilliantly by Benoit Poelvoorde , introduces her to the Parisian high society and fashion -- lavishness the wide-eyed Chanel rapidly acclimatized to . "  Chanel looked at everything . Her culture was not one of knowledge , but a culture of observations , " says Fontaine . It was during this time Coco 's own style and creativity began to blossom -- partly in disgust at the unnecessary extravagance of upper-class style during the gaudy years of the late Belle Epoque in France . Designers of the time projected their image of the ideal woman onto the corsets and elaborate hats they created for them to wear . Coco rejected that ideal , opting to build a style based solely on herself , liberating the female body from the constricting style of the time . "  She 's the beginning of the modern woman , " said Fontaine . Unlike other recent film forays into the fashion world , "  Coco Before Chanel " is less about the clothes and accessories and more about the intellectual and philosophical evolution of one of fashion 's greatest minds . "  Coco " stops short of telling the story of Chanel 's darker years in Nazi-occupied Paris during WW2 , when she took up residence at the Ritz Hotel and was criticized for her affair with Hans Gunther von Dincklage , a Nazi officer . It is one of two films about the iconic couturier 's early life this year . The other , "  Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky , " a lavish , part-fact , part-fiction portrayal of Chanel 's brief affair with the avant garde composer directed by Dutch-born Jan Kounen was the closing night film at this year 's Cannes Film Festival . Highlights from the French film talent at this year 's Cannes Film Festival " Fontaine also had to add an element of fiction to her telling of Chanel 's early years , taking liberties with the script to get some of Chanel 's most iconic designs into the film . The blue-striped mariner 's sweater Tautou wears in one scene did n't actually come into being until the 1930s , and the quilted sewing pouch , which in the film , prompts the idea for Chanel 's world-famous bag was not the true inspiration . Fontaine also includes the death of Chanel 's great love , the British industrialist Boy Capel  played by Alessandro Nivola  , which took place in the years after those shown in the film , because of the huge impact his death had on the designer . "  It was the most important love of her whole life , " the 49 year-old Luxembourg-born director told CNN . "  When he 's dead , when he disappears , something breaks and she only has the work . " That Chanel never married has been attributed to her heartbreak over Capel 's tragic death in a car accident . Indeed , Coco herself once said , "  I lost everything with the loss of Capel . " Tautou 's portrayal of Chanel 's broken heart in the scenes around Capel 's death may be her finest . It is almost as if the actress becomes the young Coco Chanel . "  The portrayal was not in the costume , not in the superficial side of the character , but in -LSB- my -RSB- inner self , " says Tautou . "  In the last part -LSB- of the film -RSB- , I was completely her . " Fontaine and Tautou both acknowledge the biggest challenge of making "  Coco Before Chanel " was doing justice to one of the most well-known and influential women of the 20th Century . "  The most difficult thing when you speak about somebody who 's so known , so legendary , is to be true to her , " said Fontaine . "  Coco Avant Chanel " is in UK cinemas from 31 July 2009 .	Biopic charts early years of designer who founded iconic couturier , Chanel French actress Audrey Tautou plays Gabrielle "  Coco " Chanel Writer/director Anne Fontaine would not have made the film without Tautou as Chanel Fontaine on Chanel : "  She 's the beginning of the modern woman "
CNN  -- On average , 18 people in the United States die each day waiting for an organ transplant . Billionaire Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg wants to change that . He announced Tuesday that the social networking site wants to "  help solve the crisis " by allowing users to volunteer as potential organ donors in the United States and the United Kingdom . "  We think that a lot of people who might just be on the fence about whether or not they want to do this , could be convinced to do that , " Zuckerberg told ABC News . He described widespread acceptance of organ donation as "  a shift in society that will probably take a while to fully take hold " until more Facebook users start sharing their experiences . "  But I think that if people choose to share these stories with their friends , that can make a big difference over time . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen : Each donor can save seven lives More than 114,000 people in the United States are awaiting organ donations , 79 people on an average day receive a transplant while 18 die , according to Organdonor.gov . The site says more than 100 million people in the U.S. are registered donors . "  We could save thousands more lives a year if we had another 20 , 30 , 40 million more people registered , " said David Fleming , president and CEO of Donate Life America , which is partnering with Facebook in this effort . The Facebook tool works like this : Users go to their timelines , where under Life Event they will see a health and wellness section . Zuckerberg said : "  You put in , ' I decided to be an organ donor ' and your state or country you live in and you can add a story about how you decided to be an organ donor . " More than 10,000 people in the United Kingdom need a transplant , according to the website for NHS Blood and Transplant . A Facebook user will also see a Share Your Donor Status link when a friend 's donor update hits their news feed . The Facebook page also includes links to Donate Life America for people to become official donors . Going through an online state registry or indicating you want to be a donor when you get your driver 's license means signing a legal agreement , unlike the Facebook pledge . "  The Facebook partnership is an opportunity for people to share decisions , " Fleming said . "  The most important part of this is actually registering to be a donor so that your wishes can be carried out . Sharing that decision through Facebook is an opportunity to encourage your friends and family to also register . " People have shared their desire to donate their organs on Facebook before , and others have talked about their need for a transplant , but the idea is n't to match these people , Fleming said . Promoting social agendas has n't been a big tradition at Facebook , although in 2011 it did pair with CNN 's sister company , Cartoon Network , to rally against bullying . There have been several other initiatives . "  Encouraging users to share that they are organ donors is another simple and non-controversial move Facebook can make to add value to the service beyond the traditional status updates and photo sharing , " wrote Brittany Darwell , lead writer at the blog Inside Facebook , in an e-mail to CNN . She said Facebook has also been involved with finding places to vote in national elections , issuing Amber Alerts through some pages , as well as joining a group of companies to promote world peace . Anne Paschke , a spokeswoman for the United Network for Organ Sharing , applauded the organ donation plan . "  It 's absolutely fabulous that so many people will learn how easy it is to sign up to be an organ , eye and tissue donor , " she said . Organdonor.gov also recommends that people who want to be donors inform family members , tell their doctors and include this wish in their wills . Facebook has 161 million users in the United States , spokeswoman Sarah Feinberg said in an e-mail . She said the company did n't have solid numbers on how many people had used the organ donation tool yet . CNN 's Miriam Falco and Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	NEW : Facebook says users in U.S. and U.K. can sign up Facebook is allowing users to ID themselves as potential organ donors Mark Zuckerberg says the move may "  make a big difference over time " More than 114,000 people in the U.S. are awaiting organ donations , government says
CNN  -- Hockey great Gordie Howe suffered a stroke this week , his son said Tuesday night . "  It has affected his entire right side , " Marty Howe said . "  We are all on our way to Texas to see Gordie . He is not looking good but do n't give up on him yet . " Howe , 86 , was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1972 . He was a member of four Stanley Cup champion teams with the Detroit Red Wings and was the NHL 's Most Valuable Player six times . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Gordie and the Howe family . Get well soon , Mr. Hockey , " the Red Wings tweeted . Howe scored 801 goals in his 26 years in two stints in the league . In between , he also played six seasons in the World Hockey Association and added 174 more goals . The Detroit News reported that Howe had spinal surgery during the summer , according to another son , Dr. Murray Howe . But the son said Howe had been doing well in the months since the surgery and told the newspaper the hockey legend had been walking a mile a day pain free . "  So we helped him with one problem , " Murray Howe , a radiologist in Ohio , told the News . "  But this one is a little bit tougher to fight . " The paper reported Gordie Howe was resting at his daughter 's home in Lubbock , Texas . CNN 's Kevin Dotson contributed to this report .	Gordie Howe was a six-time Most Valuable Player in the NHL He had a stroke that has affected him on his right side Howe scored 975 goals in his professional hockey career He is known as "  Mr. Hockey "
CNN  -- Eunice Kennedy Shriver , the sister of President John F. Kennedy and a champion of the disabled who founded the Special Olympics , died Tuesday , the Special Olympics said . She was 88 . Eunice Kennedy Shriver speaks at a dinner in honor of the Special Olympics in July 2006 . Born on July 10 , 1921 , in Brookline , Massachusetts , Shriver was the fifth of nine children to Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . She emerged from the long shadow of siblings John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy and Sen. Edward M. Kennedy as the founder of the Special Olympics , which started as a summer day camp in her backyard in 1962 . Today , 3.1 million people with mental disabilities participate in 228 programs in 170 nations , according to the Special Olympics . "  She was the light of our lives , a mother , wife , grandmother , sister and aunt who taught us by example and with passion what it means to live a faith-driven life of love and service to others , " the Shriver family said Tuesday in a statement . "  For each of us , she often seemed to stop time itself -- to run another Special Olympics Games , to visit us in our homes , to attend to her own mother , her sisters and brothers , and to sail , tell stories , and laugh and serve her friends . " No final decision has been made on funeral arrangements , a source close to the family said . Shriver 's husband , R. Sargent Shriver , and her five children and their spouses and all of her 19 grandchildren were with her when she died , the Special Olympics said in a statement . Watch a look at Eunice Kennedy Shriver 's life " "  We are tremendously grateful for the extreme outpouring of support and prayer from the public as we honor our beloved founder , " Brady Lum , Special Olympics president and chief operating officer , said in a statement Tuesday . "  Today we celebrate the life of a woman who had the vision to create our movement . It is an enormous loss , but I know we can rest assured that her legacy will live on through her family , friends , and the millions of people around the world who she touched and transformed . " Even before launching the Special Olympics in 1968 , Shriver had established a reputation as an advocate for the disenfranchised and a trailblazer for the rights of the disabled through a variety of roles in the private and public sector . She also persuaded the Kennedy family to go public with one of its most guarded secrets . In September 1962 , Shriver wrote an article about her mentally disabled sister , Rosemary , which was published in The Saturday Evening Post . At an event honoring her in 2007 , Shriver spoke of her life : "  Most people believe I spent my whole life really interested in only one thing and that one thing is working to make the world a better place for people with intellectual disabilities . "  As important as it has been , it is not the whole story of my life . My life is about being lucky as a child to be raised by parents who loved me and made me believe in possibilities . It is also about being lucky to have had these extraordinary children . ... It is also about being especially lucky to have a wonderful husband . " Watch Shriver reflect on her life " At the same event , Edward Kennedy paid tribute to his sister , saying she had inherited the best qualities from his parents , including compassion . "  She had that sense no one should be left out or left behind . She picked this up , obviously , at a very early age . All of us could see that special relationship that Eunice had with Rosemary . " After receiving a degree in sociology from Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , Shriver worked for the U.S. State Department in the Special War Problems Division from 1943 to 1945 , helping former prisoners of war readjust to civilian life . From 1947 to 1948 , she worked for $ 1 at the Department of Justice as executive secretary for the National Conference on Prevention and Control of Juvenile Delinquency . See highlights of Shriver 's public and private life " In the early 1950s , she was a social worker at a federal prison for women in West Virginia and in juvenile court in Chicago , Illinois . She married Sargent Shriver Jr. , a World War II veteran who was building his career as a lawyer and public servant , in 1953 . The couple 's five children include California 's first lady , Maria Shriver . Sargent Shriver had roles in many top government initiatives of the 1960s , including Head Start and the Peace Corps . He also worked with his wife on the Special Olympics . He ran President Johnson 's War on Poverty and was U.S. ambassador to France from 1968 to 1970 . He was Democrat George McGovern 's running mate in the 1972 presidential election . In 1957 , Eunice Shriver became executive vice president of the Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. . Foundation , which was established in 1946 to honor the family 's eldest son -- who was killed in World War II -- to research the causes of disabilities and to improve the treatment of disabled people . Watch Shriver receive a special honor " Her work with the foundation paved the way for a number of initiatives furthering the cause of disability advocacy . In 1962 she helped establish the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , a government agency that conducts research on topics related to the health of children , adults and families that was named after Shriver in 2008 . Disturbed by the treatment of disabled people in institutions across the country in the 1950s and 1960s , Shriver began inviting disabled children to a summer day camp , called Camp Shriver , on her farm in Maryland . Her vision expanded over the years , and in July 1968 the first International Special Olympics Games were held in Chicago . She also assisted in the establishment of a network of university-affiliated facilities and intellectual disabilities research centers at major medical schools across the United States , including centers for the study of medical ethics at Harvard and Georgetown universities in 1971 . In 1981 , Shriver began the Community of Caring program to reduce disabilities among babies of teenagers . That led to the establishment of Community of Caring programs in 1,200 public and private schools from 1990 to 2006 . Along the way , Shriver earned worldwide accolades and awards , including the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom , the World Sports Humanitarian Hall of Fame 's Founder 's Award and nine honorary degrees . In 1995 , the U.S. Mint issued a commemorative coin with her portrait . The Mint says that made her the first living woman to be depicted on an American coin . In 2009 , a painting of Shriver with several Special Olympians was added to the permanent collection of the National Portrait Gallery . See images from Shriver 's life " Her health began to fail in recent years , landing her in the hospital in 2005 after a minor stroke and hip fracture . She was hospitalized again in 2007 for an undisclosed ailment . In addition to her husband and daughter , Shriver is survived by her sons Robert Sargent Shriver III , Timothy Perry Shriver , Mark Kennedy Shriver and Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver .	NEW : "  She often seemed to stop time itself , " family says in statement Sister of President Kennedy , Sen. Edward Kennedy dies at 88 Eunice Kennedy Shriver was Special Olympics founder , honorary chairwoman Husband R. Sargent Shriver , five children , 19 grandchildren with her at death
CNN  -- Earlier this week , CNN 's Jim Spellman offered some tips for visitors to his adopted hometown of Denver , Colorado , and we asked CNN.com readers to add their suggestions to his picks . Some readers were down on Denver , while others had top spots and tips to share . A reader with the handle Rgrange summed Denver up like this : "  Denver 's not for everyone . It 's a casual , outdoorsy mid-size city with some nice cultural offerings . While it  hopefully  will never be like LA , NY , SF , or even Chicago , it 's definitely worth a visit . " Here are some of your tips : Best view of the city City Park offers the best views "  hands down , " wrote commenter musicmac1 . Denver 's largest park offers a mile-high hiking and jogging trail , lakes , spectacular views of the city and surrounding mountains and is home to the Denver Zoo and the Denver Museum of Nature and Science . Favorite neighborhood Congress Park is Rgrange 's top neighborhood , a favorite for funky restaurants , the Tattered Cover book store , leafy streets and the Denver Botanic Gardens . Brews and food For beer , the Vine Street Pub and Falling Rock Taphouse get one reader 's vote . The Vine Street Pub serves its own Mountain Sun ales and Falling Rock offers a constantly changing lineup of more than 200 beers . Another reader said the tasty street food along 16th Street should n't be overlooked , including Biker Jim 's Gourmet Dogs , a sausage stand that 's been featured on Anthony Bourdain 's "  No Reservations . " Beatrice and Woodsley on South Broadway received a thumbs-up from commenter jeffrois . The restaurant 's interior is inspired by an 1800s love story . "  Imagine a deserted , rustic cabin in a beautiful aspen grove , complete with time accurate details like raw split wood laid horizontally as a bar shelf , " jeffrois wrote . Favorite spots for outdoor activities "  I always liked Waterton Canyon , and the Elkhorn Trail up near Foxton for outdoor recreation , " a reader with the handle kadler wrote . Waterton Canyon offers visitors a range or activities from fishing , hiking and biking to horseback riding in this reservoir facility southwest of town . Wildlife seekers may spot bighorn sheep and mule deer . The Elkhorn Trail weaves through woods and a meadow in Reynolds Park , also southwest of Denver . Cultural and kid-friendly attractions Commenters kadler and dtboco3 both recommended the Denver Art Museum , where newly remodeled galleries for American Indian and Northwest Coast art opened at the end of January . The Denver Zoo and the Denver Museum of Nature and Science , both located in City Park  above  , are both adult and kid-friendly , dtboco3 said , as is the Butterfly Pavilion in nearby Westminster , Colorado , about 10 to 20 minutes from downtown Denver . What else has been overlooked ? Share your top spots below .	City Park offers the best view of the city , says one CNN.com reader Another suggests Vine Street Pub and Falling Rock Taphouse for great beer Recreation areas outside the city offer many opportunities to enjoy the city 's natural setting
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge Thursday sentenced a Pakistani scientist convicted of attempting to kill Americans in Afghanistan to 86 years in prison . A jury in Manhattan convicted Aafia Siddiqui on seven charges , including attempted murder and armed assault on U.S. officers , in February . She will serve her sentence at a facility in Texas where she was previously held while awaiting trial . Prosecutors said Siddiqui picked up a rifle and shot at two FBI special agents , a U.S. Army warrant officer , an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unrestrained at an Afghan facility on July 18 , 2008 . The agents returned fire shooting her in the abdomen . Afghan police had arrested her outside the Ghazni governor 's compound in central Afghanistan after finding her with bomb-making instructions , excerpts from the "  Anarchist 's Arsenal , " papers with descriptions of U.S. landmarks , and substances sealed in bottles and glass jars , according to the charges . The indictment said Siddiqui had "  handwritten notes that referred to a ` mass casualty attack ' " listing several locations in the United States and "  construction of ` dirty bombs . ' " Upon her conviction , the American-educated neuroscientist , blasted the decision as "  a verdict from Israel , not America . " Siddiqui 's family said she had been unjustly convicted . At her sentencing Thursday morning , the 38 year-old MIT graduate shook her head in defiance and wagged her finger in a "  no " gesture as U.S. District Judge Richard M. Berman laid out the case against her . But Siddiqui was more subdued when Berman allowed her to speak before the packed courtroom filled with family , spectators and foreign and national press . Clad in a khaki suit and a hijab that covered most of her face , Siddiqui repeatedly asked her Muslim supporters to not "  get emotional . " "  I do n't want any violence in my name , " Siddiqui said of demonstrations in her native Pakistan , where her case has become a cause celebre . "  If you do anything for me , please educate people about Islam because people do n't understand that it is a religion of mercy . " Before the judge sentenced Siddiqui to more than eight decades in prison , defense attorney Dawn Cardi told the court that it was the most difficult case of her career . "  Dr. Siddiqui is an enigma , " Cardi said of her client , who had attempted multiple times to fire her team of attorneys hired by the government of Pakistan . Cardi said there were many unanswered questions in her client 's case , including where she was between the years of 2003 and 2008 , when Siddiqui claims to have been held in a secret prison . "  The government has not admitted to secret prisons or torture . But the information is going to come out , " Cardi said , noting that solitary confinement had taken a visible toll on Siddiqui who "  had diminished mental capacity . " Since 2003 , the whereabouts of Siddiqui had been the source of much speculation . According to Amnesty International , Siddiqui and her three small children were reported apprehended in Karachi , Pakistan , in March 2003 , shortly after the FBI issued an alert requesting information about her location . Several reports indicated that Siddiqui was in U.S. custody after her arrest in Karachi . But in May 2004 , then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller identified Siddiqui as being among several sought-after al Qaeda members . Siddiqui was extradited to the United States in August 2008 , after the shooting incident . "  We are going to look back on this era in our country and we are going to say that fear is what drove our sentences , " Cardi said . "  Despite the fact that this is a woman of peace who has repeatedly said she does n't support any acts of vengeance in her name , I fear that the injustice done to her will cause outrage throughout the Muslim world , " said Tina Foster , executive director or International Justice Network and spokesperson for the Siddiqui family . Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara hailed the sentence , commending federal and military investigators in the case . "  As a unanimous jury found beyond a reasonable doubt , Aafia Siddiqui attempted to murder Americans serving in Afghanistan , as well as their Afghan colleagues . She now faces the stiff consequences of her violent actions . " But Elaine Sharp , one of Siddiqui 's defense attorneys , said , "  We just put someone in prison for the rest of her life who is mentally ill . " CNN 's Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	Aafia Siddiqui was convicted in a U.S. court in February Prosecutors said she tried to kill Americans in Afghanistan Her attorney calls Siddiqui "  an enigma "
CNN  When people are faced with overwhelming trauma in their lives , some become consumed by their difficulties , while others emerge stronger for it . In special circumstances , they may find their destiny , and seek to heal the world and make all of us stronger . Myrlie Evers-Williams and Sybrina Fulton are two great women whose achievements demand our attention . Although their personal stories are separated by five decades , these women share parallel lives . Thrust into a position of leadership for the greater good of society , they have used personal grief over the loss of a loved one to become agents for change . Each of these extraordinary women experienced unthinkable tragedy : the killing of a black man in their life who was gunned down while still young . Recently , the two women met in person for the taping of a video for CNN and theGrio . Evers-Williams is the widow of Medgar Evers , the iconic civil rights leader who served as the field secretary for the NAACP in Mississippi . On June 12 , 1963 , Evers , who fought against discrimination and segregation and led voter registration efforts , was assassinated by a white supremacist named Byron De La Beckwith , a founder of the state 's White Citizens Council . Evers , 37 , was shot in the back while in his driveway after coming from an NAACP meeting . The Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission , a state agency that spied on the civil rights movement and was complicit in the death of civil rights workers , assisted Beckwith 's lawyers . Evers ' murder received national attention and was a factor leading to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . For the Evers family , the fear of Medgar 's murder was ever present . "  Both Medgar and I knew the day would soon be upon us when he would be killed , and that last night that we had together , I said , ' I ca n't make it without you , ' " Evers-Williams said . "  And he told me ` You 're stronger than you think you are . ' " Following her husband 's death , Evers-Williams emerged as a civil rights leader in her own right , serving as chairwoman of the NAACP in 1995 and helping to revive what was then a financially troubled , debt-ridden civil rights organization . She has continued the fight for those things that were important to her husband . Evers-Williams served on the NAACP board for 30 years and was awarded the organization 's Spingarn medal , served as editor of "  The Autobiography of Medgar Evers : A Hero 's Life and Legacy Revealed Through His Writings , Letters , and Speeches " , and through the establishment of the Medgar and Myrlie Evers Institute , she has kept his legacy alive . On January 21 , 2013 , she delivered the invocation at President Obama 's second inauguration , becoming the first layperson and the first woman to serve in that capacity . Further , Evers-Williams sought justice for Medgar through Beckwith 's 1994 murder conviction , following two trials with deadlocked all-white male juries 31 years earlier . "  All of us have a job to do , and mine has been to rear those three children , to be a strong , loving but strict mother , to give to society , to give back to Medgar , " she said . Meanwhile , not unlike Myrlie Evers-Williams , Sybrina Fulton found her calling through grief nearly 50 years later . Three years ago , on February 26 , 2012 , Fulton 's son , Trayvon Martin , was shot to death by George Zimmerman , a self-proclaimed neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida . Martin , 17 , was visiting his father , and Zimmerman , who is a Latino of Afro-Peruvian and German ancestry , claimed Martin looked suspicious and killed the black teen , invoking self-defense . The police would not arrest Zimmerman for several weeks . In July 2013 , a jury acquitted Zimmerman of second-degree murder . The case shone the national spotlight on the killing of innocent , unarmed African-Americans such as Martin , who was armed with nothing more than a pack of Skittles and an iced tea . Sybrina Fulton realized the need to fight not only for justice for her own son , but also for other families and their children as well . "  When this initially happened to Trayvon , we thought this was about Trayvon , " Fulton said . Then , when she saw how many lives were touched by Trayvon 's death , she became a voice for the voiceless , like others before her . "  We have to speak out for those people , just like Trayvon , and just like Dr. King , and just like Medgar ; they were sacrifices for better lives in a better world . " Fulton founded the Trayvon Martin Foundation , and has reached out to others such as the family of Michael Brown , 17 , who was fatally shot by police in Ferguson , Missouri , while unarmed on August 9 , 2014 . Last year , she testified before the United Nations in Geneva on racial discrimination in the United States . In addition , Fulton has spoken out against "  Stand Your Ground " laws , which are often used to claim self-defense by whites who shoot African-Americans . Zimmerman 's lawyers did not raise the stand your ground defense at trial , but a juror admitted the jury had discussed the law before acquitting him . Further , the judge 's instructions to the jury included mention of the law . In the eyes of many , these laws have ushered in an open season on black men -- and women . "  It just amazes me how God is using me to go from that average life , and using me to be a vessel to speak to so many people . I would not voluntarily give my son 's life , and the loss of his life was because of the color of his skin . I feel like I just have to do my part , " Fulton said . Despite the half century separating the death of Medgar Evers and Trayvon Martin , the grieving women-turned-activists have lived and struggled under similar circumstances . And the more America has changed , the more it has remained the same . Whether during the Jim Crow era or 21st century America , the lives of black people have been under siege , their bodies devalued . Then and now , African-Americans have faced lynching at the hands of white men , whether police officers , self-proclaimed cops , vigilantes , mobs or domestic terrorists who were empowered to take matters into their own hands . History is about change , and yet it represents a continuum as well , with injustice likely to repeat itself , particularly if society fails to heed its lessons . As we celebrate progress , we must also acknowledge the relentless nature of injustice , and the need to remain vigilant in order to eradicate it . The two black women both have faced a fight against what the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. called unjust laws . The regime of Jim Crow segregation was an attempt to block the full freedom of black Americans and stifle their aspirations , backed by the authority of the government and the courts , and secured through the threat of violence . People such as Medgar Evers were willing to take the risk of becoming martyrs to break down those arbitrary , oppressive laws . However , today the country is witnessing a backlash against progress , with a rollback of the civil rights legislation of the 1960s , restrictions on the right to vote , and gun laws that endanger black lives such as that of Trayvon Martin . Unjust laws have turned America into a nation of entrenched poverty and heightened economic inequality , unparalleled gun homicide and the largest prison population in the world . Meanwhile , in the midst of a nascent , multiracial #BlackLivesMatter movement led by black women , Myrlie Evers-Williams and Sybrina Fulton continue the struggle and teach a new generation of leaders . "  Life does go on , but we must never forget that we can not stop at one point , that it calls us to continue , " said Evers-Williams . "  And there are young people out there who need to be reached , who need to know what this is about , and who will eventually dedicate themselves to justice , to peace , to equality and to love . " During Black History Month , we are reminded that civil rights martyrs become catalysts for new movements . And great women lead and transform the world .	Three years after Trayvon Martin 's killing , his mother meets Medgar Evers ' widow David Love : Both women confronted injustice , were made stronger by the trauma they endured
CNN  Monica Lewinsky told an audience in Philadelphia on Monday that her new mission in life was to end cyberbullying . Her speech -- and her goal -- come as the former White House intern steps into the public eye after years of trying to live privately . "  Having survived myself , what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive , too , " she told the audience at Forbes ' 30 Under 30 summit . "  I want to put my suffering to good use and give purpose to my past . " Lewinsky , who as an intern in 1995 had an affair with President Bill Clinton , said she was "  patient zero " of online harassment . "  There was no Facebook , Twitter or Instagram back then , " she said . "  But there were gossip , news and entertainment websites replete with comment sections and emails which could be forwarded . Of course , it was all done on the excruciatingly slow dial up . Yet around the world this story went . A viral phenomenon that , you could argue , was the first moment of truly ` social media ' . " Lewinsky became emotional when describing the months after her 1998 scandal with the president , when national attention was fixed on her . "  Staring at the computer screen , I spent the day shouting : ` oh my god ! ' and ' I ca n't believe they put that in ' or ` That 's so out of context , ' " she said . "  And those were the only thoughts that interrupted a relentless mantra in my head : ' I want to die . ' " Lewinsky also recapped her affair with Clinton . "  Sixteen years ago , fresh out of college , a 22 year old intern in the White House -- and more than averagely romantic -- I fell in love with my boss in a 22-year old sort of way . It happens , " Lewinsky said . "  But my boss was the president of the United States . That probably happens less often . Now I deeply regret it for many reasons , not the least of which is that people were hurt . And that is never okay . " The former White House intern -- who since has received a masters from the London School of Economics and tried her hand as a purse designer -- said the affair was "  my everything . " Lewinsky , however , struck a resilient tone , according to Forbes , and focused on what she wants to do going forward : End cyberbullying . The former White House intern has said in past interviews and essays that she feels a connection with people who have been caught up in online scandals that forever changed their lives . In a May Vanity Fair piece , where she discussed life after her affair with Clinton , Lewinsky cited the 2010 Tyler Clementi case as the reason she was going public with her cause . Clementi was a freshman at Rutgers who committed suicide after his roommate secretly used a webcam to stream his sexual encounter . "  My own suffering took on a different meaning , " Lewinsky wrote about her reaction to the Clementi case . "  Perhaps by sharing my story , I reasoned , I might be able to help others in their darkest moments of humiliation . The question became : How do I find and give a purpose to my past ? " In the piece , Lewinsky said her new goal was to "  get involved with efforts on behalf of victims of online humiliation and harassment and to start speaking on this topic in public forums . " Lewinsky 's speech comes on the same day that she joined Twitter , a move that is just the latest step in Lewinsky 's re-entry into public life .	Monica Lewinsky said Monday that her new goal was to end cyberbullying . "  Having survived myself , what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive , too . " Lewinsky joined Twitter on Monday , too , a coordinated effort to step into public life once again . Lewinsky cited the 2010 Tyler Clementi case as the reason she was going public with her cause .
A security official with the U.S. Embassy in Yemen was shot dead on his way to work Thursday , Yemeni officials said . The killing of Qassim Aqlan , a Yemeni national , bears the hallmarks of al Qaeda , the officials said . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been blamed for numerous attacks in Yemen . Gunmen on a motorcycle shot at the vehicle Aqlan was in . He died at the scene , Interior Ministry officials said . "  Motorcycle attacks are currently al Qaeda 's main tactic , " a senior Interior Ministry official said , adding that such attacks "  are easier for terrorists to coordinate and plan for . " The shooting took place along Siteen , a main street in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , which is generally considered one of the safest , officials said . The Yemeni president 's house is on the same road . "  We are deeply saddened by the killing , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . "  We condemn this vicious act in the strongest terms possible and extend our deepest condolences to his family and friends at this difficult time . " Aklan was a foreign service national investigator for the embassy for the past 11 years , Nuland said in a statement . "  He was a dedicated professional who will be greatly missed . We are coordinating closely with the Yemeni authorities to investigate this attack and to help bring those responsible to justice . " While some Interior Ministry officials at first said Aqlan was overseeing the investigation into an attack last month on the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa , others later told CNN he was not . The U.S. State Department said he was not involved in the investigation . Interior Minister Abdulkader Qahtan is overseeing that investigation , said a Yemeni government official not authorized to speak to the media . Aqlan 's death "  sends a message that if you 're working with the Americans you 'll be targeted no matter who you are , " the official said . Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in front of the embassy in September to protest the video "  Innocence of Muslims , " which maligns the Prophet Mohammed . The demonstration turned violent , and some protesters broke into the embassy . Clashes between security forces and demonstrators left at least four protesters dead and more than 30 people injured .	The security official was not involved in the embassy attack probe , the U.S. says Qassim Aqlan was a foreign service national investigator for the embassy The Yemeni national was killed on a major road in the capital Protesters stormed the embassy in September
CNN  -- Authorities have charged a teenage boy who said he planned to hijack a commercial jetliner in an attempt to commit suicide , an FBI spokesman told CNN late Thursday . The 16-year-old was taken into custody by airport police without incident on Tuesday evening after flying from Los Angeles , California , to Nashville , Tennessee , on Southwest Airlines Flight 284 . "  His stated intent was to hijack the airplane and commit suicide , " said George Bolds , an FBI spokesman in Memphis , Tennessee . "  He did indicate he intended to die in Louisiana . It appears he had a ticket to Louisiana . " Bolds said the boy indicated he had lived in Louisiana . The teen wanted to crash the plane into a Hannah Montana concert in Lafayette , Louisiana , two CNN television affiliates in Nashville , WSMV and WTVF , reported , citing unnamed sources . The concert is scheduled for Friday night at the Lafayette Cajundome . Bolds said he had no information on whether the concert may have been targeted as part of the plot . In the teen 's possession were handcuffs , duct tape and a type of rope or yarn , according to the FBI . Authorities noted that those are not prohibited items . "  His plan contemplated overpowering the flight crew , " Bolds said . The teen is being held on unspecified state charges and could face federal charges as well , Bolds said . CNN affiliate WTVF reported the teen has been charged with felony terrorism and is being held at the Davidson County juvenile detention center . "  It is my understanding that at no point in time during the course of the flight there was ever any safety concern , " Southwest Airlines spokesman Chris Mainz said . Bolds also said nothing threatening occurred on the flight from California to Nashville . It was not immediately clear how police became aware of the teen 's presence on the flight or his alleged suicide plans . "  Hannah Montana " is a hit Disney Channel show -- which stars 15-year-old Miley Cyrus and her country singer dad , Billy Ray Cyrus -- about a teenage girl who is a typical high-schooler by day but has a secret pop-star alter ego by night . E-mail to a friend	Teen 's target was Friday Hannah Montana concert , unnamed sources tell affiliates 16-year-old was arrested without incident Tuesday after L.A.-to-Nashville flight Teen "  contemplated overpowering the flight crew , " FBI spokesman says
CNN  -- Publicly expressing deeply held emotions is not always easy . When attending a rally , displaying a clever sign can attract more attention than even the most powerful chant . Tuesday 's protests in front of the U.S. Supreme Court attracted outspoken crowds on both sides of the debate over same-sex marriage . The arguments Wednesday on the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act drew similar crowds . Here are 16 signs that mixed bravery and humor with a strong point of view . Share your images of the rallies by tagging #cnnireport on Instagram , or share your reaction to the hearings . Mobile users click here to see the Storify . .	Rallies on same-sex marriage at the U.S. Supreme Court have drawn large crowds Supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage have waved signs The creative signs display plenty of personality
CNN  -- As British Prime Minister David Cameron called on footballers to act as role models , Liverpool 's Luis Suarez chose not to appeal his 10-match "  biting " ban handed to him by the English Football Association for biting Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic . Earlier this week the Uruguayan striker was hit with the sanction by the English Football Association for biting Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic following the ruling of an Independent Regulatory Commission . The ban 's severity sparked fierce criticism from the Liverpool hierarchy . The ban will start with immediate effect , meaning Suarez will play no part in Liverpool 's four remaining Premier League matches with the Uruguayan also ruled out for the start of next season . "  Liverpool forward Luis Suarez has not appealed the suspension issued to him by an Independent Regulatory Commission this week , " read an FA statement released on Friday . "  The FA intends to publicize the Independent Regulatory Commission 's written reasons in due course . " Suarez issued a statement of contrition via his personal website where he once again apologized for his actions . "  I know that all the things that are happening to me in England will help me to improve my conduct on the field , " said the 26-year-old , who could still yet win the Professional Footballers ' Association Player of the Year award , after an outstanding season for Liverpool . "  Whilst 10 games is clearly greater than those bans given in past cases where player have actually been seriously injured , I acknowledge that my actions were not acceptable on the football pitch so I do not want to give the wrong impression to people by making an appeal . "  I really want to learn from what has happened in the last two-and-a-half years , many things have been said and written about me , I just tried to do my best on the field . " In the aftermath of Sunday 's game Liverpool condemned Suarez 's actions and fined the player , but the club expressed "  shock and disappointment " at the punishment meted out to their 23-goal top scorer . "  The charges against Luis were his to consider and we have to respect his decision to not appeal the 10-game ban , " Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre said in a statement released by the club . "  Luis is an important member of our team and nothing has changed in that regard . "  We are committed to helping him improve his conduct and he will be given our full support . We look forward to him returning to the team next season when he is available for selection . " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers echoed Ayre 's sentiments and praised the form Suarez has shown this season . "  Luis has made a huge contribution to the squad this season and we respect his decision to accept the ban , " said the Northern Irish coach . "  He will be missed for the remainder of this season and the early part of next , but we will have the opportunity to welcome a better person and player when he returns . " Rodgers had earlier sprang to Suarez 's defense , suggesting the player had been unfairly targeted and that he would understand if he felt he needed to leave English football . "  This is a guy who I see on a daily basis trying very hard . His two passions in life are his family and Liverpool Football Club , " the Northern Irish coach told a press conference ahead of Saturday 's match against Newcastle United . "  He loves this country and being here . If I 'm Luis Suarez sitting at home with my wife and family , who absolutely love it here -- they love life in Liverpool and learning the language -- it 's arguable he will never have a better season than he has had this . "  Yet he has still come under this scrutiny and criticism . "  That will make you think , no question . But in a couple of days ' time when he is more reflective , because there is a shock and anger at the moment , a sense of reality will set in . " For a second time this week , Cameron weighed in on the debate over Suarez 's bite on Friday . "  As a dad and as a human being , do I think we should have tough penalties when football players behave like this ? Yes , " the British Prime Minister told BBC Radio 5 Live . This is not the first time the Uruguayan striker has been sanctioned for a bite . Suarez was handed a seven-match ban by Dutch football authorities in 2010 for biting PSV Eindhoven 's Otman Bakal while playing for Ajax . Last season he was hit with an eight-match ban for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra .	Liverpool 's Luis Suarez will not appeal 10-match ban for biting Branislav Ivanovic The incident occurred during last Sunday 's 2-2 drew between the two teams at Anfield Suarez was given a seven-match ban for biting while playing for Ajax in 2010 British Prime Minister David Cameron had called for tough action
CNN  -- Newspapers do not have to warn people that they are going to publish details about their private lives before going to press , the European Court of Human Rights ruled Tuesday , rejecting a complaint by former Formula 1 motor racing boss Max Mosley . Mosley sued the British tabloid weekly News of the World after it published a 2008 story about him under the headline "  F1 boss has sick Nazi orgy with 5 hookers . " A British court found that there was no Nazi element to the incident , which was secretly recorded by one of the participants , and ordered the tabloid to pay Mosley 60,000 British pounds  about $ 98,000  . But Mosley said the judgment did not go far enough in protecting his private life , and took the case to the European Court of Human Rights . The court Tuesday rejected his claim .	Former motor racing boss Max Mosley sued a newspaper over false reporting He won damages , but took the case further on privacy grounds
Editor 's note : This story was originally published on CNN in August 2013 . We 're bringing it back so you can protect yourself at the pool and beach this summer . Happy "  Do n't Fry Day ! " Health.com  -- Unless you 've been living under a rock , you know to apply sunscreen . There 's lifesaving reason to : About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year . "  The incidence of skin cancer , including melanoma -- the deadliest kind -- is going up , and wearing sunscreen is one of the best ways to prevent it , " says Dr. Ronald Moy , a dermatologist and spokesperson for the Skin Cancer Foundation . Stick with these smart tips to make sure you 're as protected as you can possibly be . Select a sunscreen you love Finding your sunscreen soul-mate is the key motivating factor for using it regularly , experts agree . "  If you think your sunscreen is pasty , thick or smelly , you have the wrong kind , " says Dr. Jeffrey Dover , clinical associate professor of dermatology at Yale University . "  It may make you less likely to put it on , or to reapply when you do . " Happily , there are plenty of lightweight , sheer formulas on the market . Health.com : Which sunscreen is best for you ? Remember , SPF 30 is the new 15 As a general rule , SPF 15 blocks 93 % of UVB rays , SPF 30 blocks 97 % and SPF 50 blocks 98 % . Doctors now typically recommend at least SPF 30 -- at least being the key words . If you have a family history of skin cancer or are vacationing in a tropical spot  where the sun is especially intense  , go for 50 or even 70 . Just keep in mind : No sunscreen provides 100 % protection . So to be safe as possible , you still need to reapply every two hours and after a swim , even if you used the water-resistant kind , says Dr. Joshua Zeichner , director of cosmetic and clinical research in dermatology at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City . FYI , sunscreen becomes less effective about three years after you open the container . Health.com : Is it a mole ... or skin cancer ? Check labels for the term broad-spectrum It means the sunscreen provides protection against both UVA  wrinkle - and cancer-causing  and UVB  burning  rays . Problem is , that labeling rule only went into effect in December and stores still sell inventory made prior to it , notes Dr. Steven Wang , director of dermatologic surgery and dermatology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Basking Ridge , New Jersey . So if you 're shopping and there 's no broad-spectrum mention , check the ingredients for zinc or avobenzone , the only two that provide top-notch UVA coverage , he says . Health.com : 7 ways you 're aging your skin Layer it on Think you apply enough ? Almost no one does . "  Several big studies show that most people rub in only about a fourth of what 's needed to reach the labeled SPF -- it 's faster and easier to put on just a bit , " notes Dover . Instead of that old advice to use a shot glass-size dose , all our experts recommend applying two coats . Squeeze a line of lotion down your arms and legs and rub in , then do it again . Ditto for spray formulas : hold the nozzle close to your skin and spray , moving slowly up and down until you see a sheen , then go back over the area . For your face , apply a pea-size drop to each cheek , your forehead and your chin , then smear in . Repeat ! Health.com : Sun-proof your skin from a to z Do n't forget your nose It 's the number one sunburn-spot , dermatologists say . "  People apply sunscreen to their face , but either skip or speed over their nose -- especially if they wear glasses , because they do n't want to take them off , " Wang says . Moy adds , "  80 % of the skin cancers I remove are on the nose . " Other commonly missed areas include the feet , hair part , ears and chest , as well as the backs of hands and legs . Use a sunscreen stick to spot-apply . Get antioxidant insurance Since rays can still get through sunscreen , companies are now including antioxidants such as vitamins C and E and green tea to help mitigate damage . If you do n't want to bother applying a serum that contains them beneath your moisturizer or sunscreen  Wang 's first choice  , try a souped-up SPF pick . Realize that sunscreen is only one part of a sun-smart plan "  The hierarchy of sun protection should be avoidance first , then seek shade and wear a wide-brim hat and protective clothing , then use sunscreen -- but most people have that sequence backward , " Wang points out . Consider hitting the beach or pool in the morning instead of midday  when sun is strongest  , and bring an umbrella and a tightly woven long-sleeve shirt . Know that it 's never too late to start safe habits So you baked in the sun as a teen with little or no sunscreen . While regular tanning or getting several bad burns when you 're young raises your risk of skin cancer , Moy says , what 's critical is that you put on sunscreen these days . "  Since skin 's ability to repair itself decreases with age , your risk is even greater if you burn now . " Good thing you 're using it ! Photos : Your worst sunburns ever Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Wearing sunscreen is one of the best ways to prevent melanoma No sunscreen provides 100 % protection so reapply every two hours SPF 15 blocks 93 % of UVB rays , SPF 30 blocks 97 % About 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this year
CNN  -- Rio +20 , a major international environmental conference begins in Brazil on Wednesday , billed by its organizers as a "  once in a lifetime " opportunity to safeguard our planet for generations to come . For three days from June 20 , scores of world leaders and tens of thousands of people from all over the world will descend on Rio de Janeiro in the hope of reaching consensus on how to achieve this . Some critics have already dismissed the event as a hugely expensive talking shop that stands little more chance of succeeding than previous environmental summits . Others are more optimistic . Here we look at some of the key issues surrounding the conference . What is Rio + 20 ? Rio +20 is a summit that takes place from June 20 - 22 , organized by the United Nations to tackle environmental issues . Its name signifies it is being held in Rio de Janeiro 20 years after a similar "  Earth Summit " in the same city . The biggest U.N. conference in years , it is being billed as a major effort to improve mankind 's relationship with the planet . See also : Five cities fight for climate survival Who will be there ? The 1992 event was attended by U.S. President George H.W. Bush but President Barack Obama is not expected to show at this year 's event , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will head the U.S. delegation . British Prime Minister David Cameron , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the entire European Parliament have also declined to turn up . Russian President Vladimir Putin and his French counterpart Francois Hollande have confirmed they will be going . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will also be there , as will India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , with China 's Premier Wen Jiabao expected to attend . Also present will be representatives of so-called "  stakeholder " groups deemed crucial for future environmental decision making . These include organizations speaking for children , indigenous peoples , workers , farmers and the business sector . A huge security operation will also be deployed to safeguard the summit . In all an estimated 50,000 representatives from 190 countries are expected , including around 120 heads of state and government . See also : Teenager gives world leaders her vision for the future What will they talk about ? The summit will essentially look at how to safeguard global economic growth without destroying the planet in the process . It also aims to ensure that any new environmental policies will transcend international borders . Within these goals , there are key areas of discussion , including food security , water and energy -- and a focus on developing countries . Drafting an agenda and getting everyone to agree to talk about it is has not been easy , however . Ahead of the summit there have been weeks of haggling between participants . With so many vested interests , organizers have struggled to whittle down hundreds of pages of recommendations and goals into a manageable document . Why is it important ? The world 's environment has continued to suffer since the 1992 summit . The World Wildlife Fund 's recent Living Planet report said the ever-swelling global population is still consuming far more than can be replenished . The report said there was a widening and "  potentially catastrophic " gap between the ecological footprints of rich and poor nations . Global consumption of natural resources , carbon emissions and poverty have all continued to increase . Although some contest such claims , scientific research points to a steady rise in world temperature which , if unchecked , is forecast to have catastrophic consequences for the planet . See also : Extinction threat ' a call to leaders ' at Rio summit What do organizers hope to achieve ? It is hoped that the conference will lay the groundwork for a set of sustainable development goals  SDGs  that can be adopted worldwide . A text produced by negotiators , but still to be approved by world leaders at Rio , lists processes to establish "  action-oriented " SDGs . If adopted the text would also strengthen the U.N. Environment Program and ultimately lead to better protection for the world 's oceans . Will they succeed ? Few expect hard and fast policies to be put in place after three days of discussion and the likelihood is that participants will sign up to a document committing themselves to further action in the future . What is open to question is how effective that document will be given the struggle to build consensus ahead of the conference . The absence of key players like Obama has cast a shadow , as has the relative failure of the 1997 "  Kyoto Protocol " on limiting greenhouse gases , which was set in motion at the 1992 Rio summit . There are also numerous sticking points . Wealthy and poorer nations are likely to argue over sharing the burden of cutting carbon emissions . There have been concerns over the exclusion of references to basic human rights , such as access to water . Environmental monitoring methods are also expected to spark dissent . Pessimists say any agreement will be negated by the compromises needed to win universal approval . In a statement released by environmental group WWF on Tuesday , director general Jim Leape criticized revisions to the Rio +20 negotiating text made in recent days , calling it a "  colossal failure of leadership and vision from diplomats . " He said the summit is "  doomed to ridicule " unless world leaders "  get serious about sustainable development . " But others , including UK Environment Secretary Caroline Spelman , have commended the commitment to SDGs outlined in the negotiating text .	More than 100 world leaders are expected at Rio +20 , but President Obama unlikely to show Summit aims to reach a plan on how to sustain economic growth without destroying the planet Difficulty in reaching a consensus among different vested interests could mean watered-down outcome
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Senate Republicans on Tuesday blocked a Democratic initiative that would have taxed the windfall profits oil companies have enjoyed due to rising energy prices , with the minority leader calling the proposal a "  gimmick . " Record energy prices have led to record profits for oil companies . The measure failed to achieve the 60 votes required by Senate rules to proceed . The vote was 51-43 . Six Republicans , including three seeking re-election in November , broke ranks to support the bill . Two Democrats -- Sen. Mary Landrieu of oil-producing state Louisiana and Majority Leader Harry Reid , who voted no to be able to bring the measure back to the floor under Senate rules -- voted against the measure . Along with placing a special tax of 25 percent on oil companies , the bill would have permitted lawsuits against the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries , the oil-producing cartel , and suspended deposits into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve . Profits from renewable energy sources would be excluded from the tax . "  We 're not afraid , on this side , to go after Big Oil when they are not doing the right thing , " said Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York . "  And we are not afraid to go after OPEC because they are a cartel that squeezes us . "  We 're not afraid to do some strong tough things that will -- some in the short run , some in the longer run -- that will bring down the price , the all too high price , of gasoline . " Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , said the measure was needed to "  wring out " speculators he blamed for driving the price of crude oil to more than $ 130 a barrel in recent weeks But Senate Republicans insisted the new taxes ultimately would hurt consumers and cut American oil supply , saying Democrats simply were playing election-year politics . The bill is "  pure and simple a pathetic attempt to even call itself an energy plan , " said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said , "  Hitting the gas companies might make for good campaign literature or evening news clips , but it wo n't address the problem . This bill is n't a serious response to gas prices . It is just a gimmick . " The Kentucky Republican added , "  They are hoping the idea of going after energy companies will create the illusion of action after a week in which they themselves fought for a bill that would make the problem worse . What a political charade . " As the average cost of gas edged above $ 4 a gallon , high prices are definitely on the minds of voters . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Tuesday shows 40 percent of respondents are more concerned about the cost of gasoline than long lines at the pump , which occurred during the energy crisis of the 1970s . But 55 percent of those surveyed are more worried about the long lines and rationing . The poll results reflect telephone interviews with 1,035 adults on Wednesday and Thursday . The margin of error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Lisa Desjardins , Matt Smith , Virginia Nicolaidis and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	Measure fails to get 60 votes needed to proceed Bill would have added 25 percent supplemental tax on windfall profits Democrats say legislation shows they are willing to take on Big Oil Minority leader calls the bill "  a gimmick " and "  political charade "
Washington  CNN  -- A war of words continued Tuesday over the possible contempt of Congress vote against Attorney General Eric Holder later this week , with the White House citing past examples of presidents claiming executive privilege in similar disputes over documents . The White House response followed a letter Monday night from House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , that slammed President Barack Obama 's assertion of executive privilege in the panel 's probe of the botched Fast and Furious gun running sting . With the House scheduled to vote Thursday on the contempt measure against Holder , the White House fired back against Issa with a list of past cases in which presidents asserted executive privilege for the same kinds of documents sought by Issa 's committee . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday that House Republicans have made the dispute a political issue , while another spokesman , Eric Schultz , ridiculed Issa 's analysis of the executive privilege claim by Obama . Issa 's panel has been seeking documents that show why the Justice Department decided to withdraw as inaccurate a February 2011 letter sent to Congress that said top officials had only recently learned about the Fast and Furious operation . However , Holder has refused to turn over materials containing internal deliberations , and asked Obama to assert executive privilege over such documents last week . In his letter Monday , Issa said Obama 's assertion of executive privilege means that he and his most senior advisers were involved in "  managing " Fast and Furious and the "  fallout from it " or that the president asserted a power he knows is unjustified "  for the purpose of further obstructing a congressional investigation . " "  To date , the White House has steadfastly maintained that it has not had any role in advising the  Justice  Department with respect to the congressional investigation . The surprising assertion of executive privilege raised the question of whether that is still the case , " Issa said in his letter . Schultz responded that Issa 's account "  has as much merit as his absurd contention that Operation Fast and Furious was created in order to promote gun control . " "  Our position is consistent with executive branch legal precedent for the past three decades spanning administrations of both parties , and dating back to President Reagan 's Department of Justice , " Schultz said . "  The courts have routinely considered deliberative process privilege claims and affirmed the right of the executive branch to invoke the privilege even when White House documents are not involved . " A supporting document provided by Schultz listed five such cases , including an October 1981 assertion by Reagan involving documents describing internal deliberations inside the Department of the Interior and another by Reagan a year later involving internal Environmental Protection Agency files . Republicans on Issa 's committee approved the contempt measure against Holder for refusing to hand over all of the requested documents in the panel 's investigation of the operation run by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . The vote last week came after Obama asserted executive privilege over some documents sought by the panel . The White House move means the Department of Justice can withhold some of the documents . Opinion : Do n't be nosy about Fast and Furious The ATF launched Operation Fast and Furious out of Arizona to track weapons purchases by Mexican drug cartels . However , it lost track of more than 1,000 firearms that the agency had allowed straw buyers to carry across the border , and two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . If the House passes the contempt measure Thursday , it would be the first time in history a sitting U.S. attorney general was cited for contempt of Congress . "  I urge you to reconsider the decision to withhold documents that would allow Congress to complete its investigation , " Issa said in his letter . "  I remain hopeful that the Attorney General will produce the specified documents so that we can work towards resolving this matter short of a contempt citation . " By the numbers : Fast and Furious The showdown between Issa and Holder over the Fast and Furious program dates back to subpoenas issued by the House committee last year . Issa and Republicans contend that Holder and the Justice Department are concealing details of how Operation Fast and Furious was approved and managed . Democrats argue that Issa and his GOP colleagues are using the issue to try to score political points by discrediting Holder and , by extension , the president in an election year . A video released Tuesday by Democrats on Issa 's panel showed the chairman making past allegations of White House links to Fast and Furious , juxtaposed with Issa saying Sunday there was no evidence of a White House cover-up . "  Get the facts . Read the report , " the video says in conclusion . House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , alleged last week that Republicans were targeting Holder because he is fighting their efforts to suppress voter turnout in November . Issa , however , said in his letter that the assertion of executive privilege "  raises more questions than it answers . " The letter provided details of a June 19 meeting between Issa and Holder on the eve of the committee 's partisan vote on the contempt measure . Issa said Holder wanted to "  buy peace " on the matter . "  He indicated a willingness to produce the ` fair compilation ' of post-February 4th documents . He told me that he would provide the ` fair compilation ' of documents on three conditions :  1  that I permanently cancel the contempt vote ;  2  that I agree the department was in full compliance with the committee 's subpoenas , and ;  3  that I accept the ` fair compilation , ' sight unseen , " Issa said in the letter , calling Holder 's conditions "  unacceptable . " "  The attorney general 's conditional offer of a ` fair compilation ' of a subset of documents covered by the subpoena , and your assertion of executive privilege , in no way substitute for the fact that the Justice Department is still grossly deficient in its compliance with the committee 's subpoena , " Issa 's letter said . "  By the department 's own admission , it has withheld more than 130,000 pages of responsive documents . " Issa also stressed the importance of forging a settlement rather than pursuing contempt of Congress proceedings , and asked the White House for answers to questions about the executive privilege assertion . "  To what extent were you or your most senior advisers involved in Operation Fast and Furious and the fallout from it , including the false February 4 , 2011 letter provided by the attorney general to the committee ? " Issa 's letter said . "  Please also identify any communications , meetings , and teleconferences between the White House and the Justice Department between February 4 , 2011 and June 18 , 2012 , the day before the Attorney General requested that you assert executive privilege . " Fast and Furious investigation started with agent 's death	NEW : A video by House Democrats mocks the Republican investigation The White House cites precedents on executive privilege Rep. Darrell Issa calls the executive privilege assertion "  surprising " Fast and Furious , a botched gun-running sting , has been widely criticized
TIME.com  -- Not familiar with the "  Quantified Self ? " It 's latest trend in obsessively tracking every possible health measure , in real time , that emerged as a major theme at South By Southwest  SXSW  Interactive Festival this year . With more body-tracking gadgets that can record everything from running blood pressure to respiration to perspiration rates and more , the next question is -- so what ? What are we supposed to make of the massive amounts of data that these constantly tracking devices amass ? We 're not talking about the familiar pedometer that clunkily clicked away the number of steps you took a day . There are a new generation of medical monitoring devices originally meant to evaluate patients in the hospital that have been made over into sexier , wearable versions for the health conscious or merely health-curious . The result ? Sophisticated and personalized health monitoring that may be generating a lot of information that we are still learning to interpret . TIME.com : The quantified self evolves : A South by Southwest vision of how gadgets will teach us about ourselve Take BodyMedia , a wearable body monitoring-systems company that spent its first 10 years developing products for the medical research sector before switching gears to consumer devices in 2009 , targeting individuals who need to lose weight . Their public-friendly product is a clinically-validated armband that gathers physiological information from three small , sensors underneath the armband . The sensors start collecting a flood of 5,000 data points per minute , including measurements of heat flux  the rate at which heat is dissipating from the body  , motion , skin temperature and the skin 's electrical conductivity , which are then converted into more meaningful measurements such as the number of calories burned , sleep quality and how efficient the body is overall in performing its metabolic duties . "  That manifests itself into accuracy , personalization and more of a health orientation . We are more than an activity tracker or fitness device , we are actually a health management tool , " says Christine Robins , CEO of BodyMedia , who held a "  Wearing Your Health on Your Sleeve  Literally  " session on Sunday . BodyMedia users upload their data online where additional software analyzes the information and relays it in more digestible form . Users pre-set their body parameters and goals , and the software shows them when they fall behind in the areas like calorie burn , physical activity and sleep efficiency . TIME.com : Viewpoint : Cory Booker wins South by Southwest -- How a mayor conquered America 's biggest tech festival SXSW has a track record in the area ; last year , the Nike FuelBand -- a daily activity tracker -- debuted at the festival , launching a trend toward capturing big health data that is still struggling to find meaning . Studies show that communities of people who coalesce around a health goal may benefit from the support they receive from each other , but it 's not clear yet that having access to detailed information about the fluctuations in health measures can translate into measurable , healthier outcomes . The thought , or hope , among developers is that if the software and hardware of these gadgets and apps are appealing and easy to use , more people will adopt them and that the added information will be motivating , rather than intimidating , and prompt them to make meaningful changes to improve their health . The devices are still new , and significant and widespread behavior changes are not apparent yet . There 's no guarantee that all of that information will even be welcome , or remain inspiring after the initial thrill wears off . Studies of people on diets that required them to track and calculate calories , for example , showed that dieters tended to feel overwhelmed by the task and quickly lost interest in shedding pounds . "  The challenge is establishing what people should do with  this large volume of new health data  , " says Sarah Rotman Epps , a senior analyst at Forrester Research who led a session on "  Wearables : Moving From Niche To Mainstream . " "  A lot of consumers do n't think health is their responsibility and that it 's in the realm of their doctor . For some companies , to sell a device and track health is not resonating with people . " BodyMedia , for example , plans to turn their years of medical research knowledge into a series of monitoring devices for chronic diseases ranging from sleep disorders to diabetes management . But appealing to consumers outside of those who normally track their metabolic measures -- like athletes and dieters -- could be a challenge . So far , the benefits of these devices come in the form of the support they get from joining online communities . Most of the devices connect to smartphones and allow users to download or share the data collected -- seeding social networks of like-minded data-curious individuals who want to broadcast and analyze their latest blood pressure or skin conductivity numbers . That makes the devices an ideal fit for SXSW Interactive , says Hugh Forrest , the festival 's director . "  A lot of these business models center around the idea of building a fitness community or a healthy eating community . Community is certainly one of the bedrocks here at SXSW , " says Forrest . "  At our best moments we really celebrate and foster a sense of community , so a lot of these fitness-related apps and services really leverage that . " higi , a social networking tool that uses cloud-based technology to aggregate measurements of users ' body and lifestyle choices spawned a community centered around the "  higi Score , " an aggregated measure that represents their overall health status . Personal interactions , like your relationship status , how many friends you have on Facebook and community engagements and how often you send encouraging words to fellow users , all count toward the score . Users can update their health stats via their smartphone , or at higi stations -- which are now located in thousands of retail pharmacies -- with their weight , BMI , pulse and height . Users can even upload photos of their meals for a calorie calculation . And to make it more interesting , members can compete in the higiSphere for high scores -- topping off at 999 -- or work together to improve their scores , since the amount of interaction you have with people impacts your personal number . "  People who collect their data , share their data , " says Michael Ferro , higi creator and founder . "  It allows one to see improvements all the time and change habits . The  user 's  ranking in the world and in the community is changing by the second . You are the stock on the market , and it can go up and down depending on what 's going on in your community . We want to make it so it is not work , but a game . " TIME.com : Listen now -- 9 new bands worth celebrating at South by Southwest While it 's not clear yet that having access to detailed information about the fluctuations in health measures can translate into measurable , healthier outcomes , there is no denying that the health , fitness and tech spheres continue to provide more ways to educate people about their bodies . Forrest says health and fitness has become a popular theme of the festival , which now includes organized daily runs for attendees and more sessions focused on health-related technology and apps . And the products are by no means reserved for tech-buffs and social media over-sharers . As always , our ability to interpret and make use of all that health information lags behind the innovations made in collecting it . But if information is indeed power , that may soon change . This story was originally published on TIME.com . South by Southwest  SXSW  : Will collecting data on your body make you healthier ? & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Tracking body data emerges as a major theme at SXSW this year We are still learning how to interpret all the information from the new devices One company , BodyMedia , says its product is a "  health management tool "
CNN  -- Former Mexican President Vicente Fox has joined three other ex-leaders of Latin American nations calling for the decriminalization of marijuana . Former Mexico President Vicente Fox says it 's time to open the debate on legalizing marijuana . Fox , who was Mexico 's president from 2000 to 2006 , said the current policy is clearly not working . "  I believe it 's time to open the debate over legalizing drugs , " he told CNN on Tuesday . "  It must be done in conjunction with the United States , but it is time to open the debate . " He pointed to how the end of Prohibition in the United States in 1933 lessened organized crime violence . "  It ca n't be that the only way is for the state to use force , " he said . Watch Fox say it 's time to debate legalizing drugs " Fox was mirroring a position adopted earlier this year by his predecessor as president of Mexico , Ernesto Zedillo , and the former heads of Colombia and Brazil . The three former chief executives are members of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy . At a February meeting in Brazil , the commission called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics in the war on drugs . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria said at a news conference in which the 17-member commission 's recommendations were presented . Former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because "  you have to start somewhere . " Zedillo was president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000 . Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990 to 1994 . And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995 to 2002 . Fox said any change in drug laws must be accompanied by an education campaign in schools and homes . And because the United States is a large consumer of marijuana that comes from Latin America , any steps toward legalization must be supported in Washington , he said . Gaviria said in February that the time is right to start a debate on the subject , particularly with the pragmatic openings provided by the election of President Obama . "  In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes . And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " Gaviria said . The call for a change in strategy comes amid a horrific explosion of drug-related violence in Mexico , where officials say 10,000 people have been killed since President Felipe Calderon took office in December 2006 . Calderon said in a speech earlier this year that 6,500 of those deaths occurred in 2008 . Calderon , who succeeded Fox , ramped up the battle against the nation 's narcotics traffickers and brought in the army to reinforce often ineffective local and state police . That was a change in tactics from Fox , who said he had chosen to strengthen federal police and intelligence-gathering operations and to create a secretary for public security . But now that Calderon has chosen a different approach , he must prevail , Fox said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  If you go to war , you have to win it quickly and according to regulations , " he said . "  Human rights are very important . " It also is important that the United States "  accept its responsibility , " he said . "  I would like to see some steps taken here in the United States . We see the drugs are coming across the border and are distributed in Atlanta and Washington and Chicago and all parts of the country . " Fox 's comparison of the current battle to Prohibition in the United States in the 1920s was recently touted by Robert Pastor , who was a Latin America national security adviser for President Carter in the late 1970s . He called the problem in Mexico "  even worse than Chicago during the Prohibition era . " Pastor said a solution similar to what ended that violence is needed now . "  What worked in the U.S. was not Eliot Ness , " he said , referring to the federal agent famous for fighting gangsters in the 1920s and 19 '30s . "  It was the repeal of Prohibition . " Others are not so sure . "  This has become a world of globalization , " said Monte Alejandro Rubido Garcia , Mexico 's executive secretary for the National System for Public Safety . "  Globalization has many virtues but some errors . I ca n't conceive that one part of the world would decriminalize drugs because it would become a paradise for drug use . It might bring down violence , but there would be social damage . "	Changes in drug policy must be done in conjunction with the U.S. , Vicente Fox says Former Mexico president compares drug battle to Prohibition in the 1920s Call for a change prompted by surge in drug-related violence in Mexico
Seoul  CNN  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist , having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year , according to an assessment by South Korean intelligence agents , a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said . Shin Kyung-min , a lawmaker with the New Politics Alliance for Democracy , told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service . CNN can not independently confirm the executions . The nature of the intelligence supporting the National Intelligence Service allegations was also not immediately clear . North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world . According to Shin , intelligence officials say Kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own . He considers those a challenge to his authority , the intelligence officials said , according to Shin . For example , a senior official with Ministry of Forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country 's forestry program , the lawmaker said . North Korean defectors share their ordeals The vice chairman of the State Planning Commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower , the intelligence officials said , according to the lawmaker . And in March , according to the South Korean lawmaker , Kim executed on charges of espionage four members of the Unhasu Orchestra , including the general director , because of a scandal , Shin said . Kim became North Korea 's Supreme Commander in December 2011 following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il . According to the National Intelligence Service , he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012 , 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014 . The National Intelligence Service says there is a strong possibility that Kim will visit Russia , but given his nature , there is no way to be sure until the last minute . Why Putin is hosting Kim Jong Un CNN 's KJ Kwon reported from Seoul and Don Melvin wrote this report from London .	South Korean lawmaker quotes intelligence officials as saying Kim Jong Un countenances no disagreement Official reportedly executed for expressing dissatisfaction with forestry program Four member of Unhasu Orchestra also reportedly executed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Wednesday hailed the election of Barack Obama as "  a triumph of the American story . " "  Americans can be proud of the history that was made yesterday , " President Bush said Wednesday . Obama 's rise to become the nation 's first black president is "  a testament to hard work , optimism and a faith in the enduring promise of our nation , " Bush said in the White House Rose Garden . "  No matter how they cast their ballots , all Americans can be proud of the history that was made yesterday , " said Bush , whose second term in the Oval Office will end when Obama is sworn in on January 20 . Bush said he had called Obama and had also spoken to his opponent , Sen. John McCain . "  I congratulated -LSB- McCain -RSB- on a determined campaign that he and Gov. -LSB- Sarah -RSB- Palin ran , " the president said . Watch Bush praise presidential candidates " Bush said turning over the White House to Obama "  will be a stirring sight . " "  I know millions of Americans will be overcome with pride at this inspiring moment that so many have waited for for so long , " Bush said . Moving toward Obama 's January 20 inauguration , Bush promised the president-elect he can count on "  complete cooperation " as he makes the transition to the White House . Speaking later at the State Department , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said her department "  will do everything that we can " to ensure a smooth transition . Watch Rice pledge a smooth turnover at the State Department " Rice , an African-American like Obama , also called Tuesday 's election "  an extraordinary step forward " in the nation 's history . "  I am especially proud because this is a country that 's been through a long journey in terms of overcoming wounds , and making race not the factor in our lives , " Rice said . Bush warned America 's enemies not to expect any letup in national security during the transition . "  The United States government will stay vigilant in meeting its most important responsibility , protecting the American people , " Bush said . On Thursday , Obama is expected to receive his first top-secret intelligence briefing , similar to the one Bush gets every day , according to U.S. officials familiar with the process . In a message to CIA employees obtained by CNN , CIA Director Michael Hayden says Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell will lead Obama 's first briefing . Bush pledged to fulfill his duties as president until the final day of his presidency . "  I will continue to conduct the people 's business as long as the office remains in my trust , " the nation 's 43rd president said .	NEW : Obama to get top-secret intelligence briefing on Thursday Bush promises "  complete cooperation " during transition Watching Obama enter White House will be "  stirring sight , " Bush says Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice praises Obama
CNN  -- -- A poor decision by a regional airline was being blamed Friday for Continental Airlines passengers getting stranded overnight as their plane sat on a tarmac in Minnesota , federal transportation officials said Friday . Passengers on a Continental flight operated by ExpressJet sat on the tarmac for nearly six hours on August 8 . U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said a representative of Mesaba Airlines improperly refused requests by the plane 's captain and crew to let passengers off the plane . They were stuck on the tarmac in Rochester on August 8 from 12:38 a.m. to about 6 a.m. with nothing but pretzels to eat , LaHood said . "  There was a complete lack of common sense here , " LaHood said in a written statement . "  It 's no wonder the flying public is so angry and frustrated . " Mesaba , based in Eagan , Minnesota and owned by Delta Air Lines , was the only carrier able to assist Continental Flight 2816 , which was on its way from Houston , Texas , to Minneapolis , Minnesota , when it was diverted because of strong thunderstorms , LaHood said . Watch how pilot tried to get passengers off plane " The flight 's 47 passengers described crying babies , overflowing toilets and cramped conditions . According to a Department of Transportation preliminary report , Mesaba 's representative refused to help passengers off of the plane , incorrectly saying the airport was closed to passengers for security reasons . In audiotapes released by the Transportation Department , the unnamed captain of the aircraft can be heard pleading with an airline dispatcher to find a way to get the passengers off the plane . "  We 're stuck here with no lavs , no nothing -- no food , " he says . "  And they wo n't let them get off because the terminal is closed . " Later , the dispatcher tells the captain that he has spoken to the commuter airline 's representative and that "  she says there is nothing she can do to help us out . She 's not going to let them off the plane . " "  That 's ridiculous , " the captain responds . LaHood , who called the incident a "  nightmare , " said federal regulations allow passengers to get off of a plane , enter an airport and reboard without being screened by safety personnel as long as they remain in a secure part of the terminal . Mesaba said Friday that its employees tried to help . "  Mesaba respectfully disagrees with the DOT 's preliminary findings as they are incongruent with our initial internal review of the incident , " CEO John Spanjers said in a written statement . "  Because Continental Express Flight 2816 diverted to an airport where they have no ground handling service , Mesaba offered assistance as a courtesy during this delay . "  While the investigation is ongoing , Mesaba is fully cooperating with the Department of Transportation and looks forward to the final report . " Mesaba is a wholly owned subsidiary of Northwest Airlines , which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines . Delta CEO Richard Anderson said the airline is working with Mesaba , Continental and the Department of Transportation to help determine exactly what happened . In the department 's statement , LaHood said that the Continental crew was not at fault for the passengers being stuck . "  In fact , the flight crew repeatedly tried to get permission to deplane the passengers at the airport or obtain a bus for them , " he said . Department of Transportation investigators have interviewed passengers , the flight crew , airport workers and others during an investigation expected to be completed in the next few weeks . The department "  is considering the appropriate action to take against Mesaba , " according to the statement . The investigation did show that while the crew of the flight , operated by carrier ExpressJet , did all it could , higher-level officials should have become involved in the effort . The Aviation Enforcement Office has proposed regulations requiring airlines to have plans for how to handle lengthy tarmac delays .	Continental passengers were stuck on airplane nearly six hours Secretary LaHood calls incident a "  nightmare , " says crew did all it could Regional airline Mesaba was only one that could have helped , feds say Mesaba says it disagrees with feds ' findings , offered to help
