CNN  -- Crisis club Racing Santander has been thrown out of next season 's Copa del Rey after its players staged a bizarre on-pitch boycott of a quarterfinal tie against Real Sociedad . The protest Thursday saw Racing players link arms on the center circle and refuse to play the second leg . They needed to pull back a two-goal deficit to earn a last four clash with Catalan giants Barcelona , but months of frustration over unpaid wages boiled over . The match was quickly abandoned but the Spanish football federation  RFEF  reacted Friday by imposing the penalty and a fine of â ‚ ¬ 3,000  $ 4050  on the stricken Cantabrian club . A statement on the federation 's official website said its competitions committee had awarded the tie to Basque side Real Sociedad , who had led 3-1 from their home leg . "  The non-appearing club will not be able to participate in the next edition of the Copa del Rey , " it read . The Racing players , who were applauded by their home fans in the El Sardinero , had warned before the match that they would take action unless club president Angel Lavin and his board resigned . Substitutes and staff -- including coach Paco Fernandez -- who has reportedly not been paid for sixth months -- performed the same gesture of defiance on the touchline before the referee Gil Manzano called a halt to the proceedings after less than a minute . Fernandez told a post-match press conference that he was proud of his players for the stance they had taken and the support they had received . "  We feel touched . We regret having to make this decision but we have done it out of respect to football , the sport that we love , and to ourselves , " he said . "  I want to thank my players for their bravery . Today was the biggest game of our lives and we have done it for our dignity . Without the fans ' support , today 's decision would have been very difficult to take . " Racing had reached the quarterfinals of the Copa del Rey after upset victories over La Liga top-flight sides Sevilla and Almeria , despite languishing in Spain 's third division . The majority of the club 's 101-year history has been spent in the top division of La Liga themselves with a sixth-placed finish as recently as 2008 . But plagued by debt , Racing suffered two straight relegations as well as entering administration .	Racing Santander players stage boycott of Copa del Rey quarterfinal Angry about unpaid wages at cash-strapped club Real Sociedad led 3-1 after first leg on their home ground NEW : Spanish federation ban Racing from next season 's competition
CNN  -- A soldier apparently shot herself on Monday at a military post in central Virginia and later died , the Army said . The incident began at about 8:45 a.m. ET at Fort Lee when the soldier apparently brandished a weapon and then barricaded herself in an office at the Army Combined Arms Support Command headquarters building , according to a statement from the post . The statement said that Fort Lee Police responded within two minutes and quickly established contact with her . But during "  the course of negotiations , " she "  reportedly turned the weapon on herself " and fired one shot , the statement said . The soldier , who was not identified , later died at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center , the statement added . The post was temporarily locked down in response to the incident that is under investigation . Fort Lee is located near Petersburg , about 30 miles south of Richmond . Retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst , described Fort Lee as a "  very active " one , with soldiers "  routinely coming and going to get various types of training . " About Fort Lee	NEW : Shooter died at Virginia hospital , Army said Soldier apparently shot herself inside office at Fort Lee She apparently had barricaded herself inside the office , the Army said Fort Lee is located south of Richmond
Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's apparent use of racial and ethnic profiling will cost Maricopa County , Arizona , at least $ 22 million , according to the county . A court ruled in May that Arpaio 's routine handling of people of Latino descent was not tough enforcement of immigration laws , but instead amounted to racial and ethnic profiling . The sheriff 's office had a history of targeting vehicles with occupants with darker skin or Latino heritage , scrutinizing them more strictly and detaining them more often , U.S. District Judge Murray Snow ruled . The sheriff 's lawyers dispute the judge 's conclusion and Arpaio is appealing the decision . Meanwhile , the judge ordered a monitor to oversee retraining in the sheriff 's office and the creation of a community advisory board . Over the next 1 1/2 years , the county will have to pay $ 21,943,107 for the monitor and the retraining , according to county budget records . Each year after that it will cost $ 10 million to keep it going , according to Maricopa County spokeswoman Cari Gerchick . The money will come from the county 's general fund , Gerchick said , and it 's not clear if cuts are needed in other areas to find the money . Maricopa County , which includes Phoenix , has a total budget of $ 2.2 billion .	Maricopa County , Arizona , must pay $ 22 million to monitor and retrain sheriff 's officers A judge orders the program after finding Sheriff Joe Arpaio used racial profiling Arpaio is appealing the decision The money will come out of the general budget , a spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Veronica Campbell-Brown has been cleared to return to competition by officials in her native Jamaica despite the three-time Olympic sprint gold medalist having tested positive for a banned substance earlier this year . However , one of Jamaica 's most decorated athletes must now wait to see if the IAAF , track and field 's world governing body , agrees with the recommendation made by the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association  JAAA  . If it does , it would provide welcome relief for Jamaica 's sprinting community -- Asafa Powell and Sherone Simpson admitted to testing positive for banned substances in July . Garth Gayle , general secretary of the JAAA , confirmed to CNN Thursday that it recommended Campbell-Brown receive a warning following her positive test for a banned diuretic in May . She was provisionally suspended . Gayle did n't reveal further details but the Jamaican Gleaner newspaper reported that the JAAA 's disciplinary panel ruled the 31-year-old did n't use the substance to enhance performance . The IAAF 's doping review board is expected to make a decision in the case in two or three weeks , an IAAF spokesman told CNN . Campbell-Brown , Powell -- the former world-record holder in the 100 meters -- and Simpson all missed August 's world championships in Moscow , where fellow Jamaican Usain Bolt once again dominated the men 's sprint events . Bolt , consistently under the spotlight , has never tested positive . "  I do n't believe the majority of athletes enter the sport to cheat , " said Gayle . While not necessarily performance enhancing , diuretics can be used as a masking agent for steroids .	Veronica Campbell-Brown is cleared to return to competition by officials in her native Jamaica But now the IAAF , track and field 's world governing body , will decide if she can come back The three-time Olympic gold medalist , tested positive for a banned substance in May Jamaican sprinters Asafa Powell and Sherone Simpson said in July they also tested positive
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Five people got the lavish ride of a lifetime as the only passengers on a transatlantic flight , causing environmental groups to criticize the major carrier for leaving a wasteful carbon footprint . American Airlines has faced criticism for a transatlantic flight carrying only five passengers . Using about 68,000 liters  15,000 imperial gallons  -- or 13,000 liters per passenger -- of jet fuel for the nine-hour trip from Chicago to London , American Airlines is being accused of unnecessary waste . Each passenger left a footprint of 35.77 tons of carbon dioxide , enough to drive an average car 160,000 kilometers  100,000 miles  . "  Flying virtually empty planes is an obscene waste of fuel . Through no fault of their own , each passenger 's carbon footprint for this flight is about 45 times what it would have been if the plane had been full , " Friends of the Earth 's transport campaigner Richard Dyer said . Because of a mechanical malfunction , AA flight 90 was 14 hours late leaving Chicago 's O'Hare airport on February 8 . Though most passengers made other arrangements to London , five lucky passengers unable to be rebooked made the 6,400 kilometer  4,000 mile  flight in business class , with two crew members per passenger . American Airlines said it chose to continue with the flight because of the full load of passengers waiting at London 's Heathrow airport to return to the United States . "  With such a small passenger load we did consider whether we could cancel the flight and re-accommodate the five remaining passengers on other flights , " says American Airlines ' European spokesperson Anneliese Morris . "  However , this would have left a plane load of west-bound passengers stranded in London Heathrow who were due to fly to the U.S. on the same aircraft . " Morris was quick to point out that despite the staggeringly low passenger count , the flight did carry a full cargo load . "  We sought alternative flights for the west-bound passengers but heavy loads out of London meant that this was not possible . The only option was to operate the flight , " Morris said . "  This put the aircraft in London Heathrow for the following day , enabling us to operate a full schedule and avoid further inconvenience to our passengers and cargo customers . " Environmental groups such as Friends of the Earth say that international governments should hold the aviation industry accountable for the amount of CO2 they produce each year , and point to instances like this to show that airlines should pay a fuel tax to rein them in . "  Governments must stop granting the aviation industry the unfair privileges that allow this to happen by taxing aviation fuel and including emissions from aviation in international agreements to tackle climate change , " Dyer said . But despite these accusations , Kieran Daly , air transport intelligence editor for Flight International magazine , said the amount passengers carried was irrelevant . "  Airlines are still a business . The cargo had to be flown and perhaps some of it was time-sensitive , " Daly said . "  It 's just not practical for an airline to tell its customers that it wo n't fly until it has a full passenger load . Customers wo n't be happy and the airline will quickly be out of business . " E-mail to a friend	Environmental groups angry with American Airlines after five-passenger flight The passengers were unable to be rebooked after flight delayed by 14 hours AA says canceling flight would have left many more stranded in London next day The transatlantic flight did carry a full cargo load , according to the airline
CNN  -- Five people were killed and 10 critically injured Saturday when a minivan crashed on I-10 near Baton Rouge , Louisiana , state police said . Fifteen people were in the minivan , said Trooper Russell Graham , and only two were wearing seat belts . Among the dead were children as young as 3 years old , he said . "  The minivan blew out a tire and the driver lost control , " Graham said . The vehicle "  sideswiped a box truck and then ran off the road into the left median , overturned multiple times and finally came to rest upright on the eastbound side of I-10 , " Graham said . The one person in the truck was not injured . The accident shut down I-10 in both directions shortly after 12:15 p.m.  1:15 p.m. ET  ; one lane in each direction was opened about two hours later . Alcohol and drugs were not suspected factors in the crash , but blood was drawn from the driver -- one of the fatalities -- to confirm , Graham said . The accident came soon after the Louisiana Legislature passed a law requiring riders in every seat to be buckled up . "  This is an example of why we implemented that law , " Graham said . "  It 's very frustrating for us to come out here and see children dead , " he said .	State police : 15 people were in the minivan , only two in seatbelts Crash occurred after minivan blew a tire , trooper says Crash near Baton Rouge shut down I-10 in both directions for about two hours
CNN  -- Being Superman is n't as simple as it once was . Seventy-five years ago , when the Kryptonian caped -- crusader first appeared on the cover of Action Comics # 1 , hoisting a car over his head , he not only stood for truth , justice , and the American way , he also had a virtual monopoly on the men-in-tights genre . Lately , though , that field has gotten awfully crowded . The local multiplex is lousy with celluloid crime fighters . So what turf is left for good old Clark Kent ? That 's the nagging question that director Zack Snyder 's Man of Steel tries -- and ultimately fails -- to answer . Snyder , whose best films are 2004 's - adrenalized Dawn of the Dead remake and 2007 's hyper-stylized Spartan saga 300 , has teamed up with producer Christopher Nolan to give us a cooler , more conflicted Superman . But their Dark Knight-style makeover never quite comes - together . Sure , - Superman is still faster than a speeding bullet and more powerful than a locomotive  and thanks to the - impossibly handsome Henry Cavill , an easy-on-the-eyes slice of spandex-clad beefcake to boot  . But he 's been transformed into the latest in a long line of soul-searching super-brooders , trapped between his devastated birth planet of Krypton and his adopted new home on Earth . He 's just another haunted outsider grappling with issues . How high will ` Man of Steel ' fly on opening weekend ? At the risk of damning Cavill with faint praise , the 30-year-old Brit makes a better Man of Steel than the milquetoast Brandon Routh did in 2006 's Superman Returns . But he is n't exactly Mr. Charisma either . And I suspect that Superman aficionados will be disappointed by just how joyless most of Snyder 's reboot is . During a prologue that goes on way too long setting the bloated tone for the film , Superman 's father Jor-El  Russell Crowe  squares off against General Zod  Michael Shannon  on Krypton . The planet is on the verge of destruction , and Jor-El ships his newborn son off to Earth to save him , prompting the maniacal Zod to roar about his plans for revenge . With its shock-and-awe barrage of sci-fi fire and brimstone , the opening-act salvo should - dazzle and transport us . Instead , it just gets weighed down by CGI overkill and thickets of exposition about a Kryptonian codex . Hans Zimmer 's ` Man of Steel ' soundtrack has new surround sound tech Things pick up a bit down on Earth , where little Kal-El has crash-landed in Kansas and been raised by the Kents  Kevin Costner and Diane Lane  . They 've rechristened him Clark , a boy who 's taught to keep his special gifts under wraps - -- especially after he saves a busful of classmates and draws the wrong kind of attention . Cavill plays the grown-up Clark as a sort of existential loner who drifts from town to town , leaving a series of good deeds in his mysterious wake ... until Lois Lane  Amy Adams  figures out his game . The 21st-century Lois is n't the gullible gal Friday she was in the old comics or the Christopher Reeve Superman films , where she was played by Margot Kidder . Now she 's a hard-nosed , Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter . That 's - progress , I guess . But there 's a distinct lack of heat between Adams and Cavill , and their stabs at sub-sitcom humor fall flat . Lois Lane through the years See Amy Adam 's transformation Meanwhile , Shannon 's Zod huffs and puffs , demanding that the puny earthlings hand over Superman , which leads to endless brawls between the two where neither seems able to get hurt . I understand that fight scenes like these have become de rigueur centerpieces in comic-book - popcorn extravaganzas , but here they go on forever and have a numbing sameness . They 're simply excuses to smash the scenery to bits while Hans Zimmer works up a sweat beating the drums of war on the soundtrack . The only moments of real spectacle come when Superman learns to fly . He rockets through the air like a comet , and it 's thrilling . There are n't enough of these gee-whiz - moments of wonder in Man of Steel . Never has a race to save the fate of humankind seemed so tedious . C See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The latest Superman reboot opens in theaters June 14 Director Zack Snyder 's Superman is darker than other portrayals Yet , thew new characterization may leave some fans disappointed
CNN  -- Alyssa O'Neill sent a text to her mother earlier this month asking her whether she would take her to get a pumpkin spice latte the next day . Although her mother agreed , Alyssa was never able to try the drink . On September 4 , the morning she was supposed to get the treat , the 18-year-old died of an epileptic seizure . "  We were just shocked at the sudden loss and did n't know what to do , " her father , Jason O'Neill , said . "  So we tried to fulfill the one thing that she asked us . If Alyssa could n't get a pumpkin spice latte , we would get them for other people and try to pass the kindness forward . " O'Neill had no clue how many people this random act of kindness would affect . Two days after Alyssa 's funeral , the O'Neills went to a Starbucks in Erie , Pennsylvania , where they live , and purchased lattes for 40 strangers . O'Neill asked the manager to write the hashtag #AJO with a purple marker on each cup . According to O'Neill , the manager and employees , overwhelmed with the gesture , donated 50 drinks on top of the 40 . "  It just kind of exploded at that point . We had somewhat of a following , but nothing like this , " he said . Now the movement to raise awareness about epilepsy has gone beyond lattes . "  It was just random acts of kindness . People have been paying others ' Christmas layaways and buying meals , " O'Neill said . The Facebook memorial page AJO Forever in our Hearts has more than 28,000 likes . O'Neill said his daughter 's initials have nearly turned into a verb . "  People are saying , ' I got AJOed this morning , ' ` Have you AJOed today ? ' " From Erie to Sri Lanka , the O'Neills have been receiving photos showing #AJO . The family knew of Alyssa 's seizure disorder before the fatal episode . Alyssa was a high school cheerleader who hoped to become a nurse and help others with epilepsy . She was a first-semester student at Penn State Behrend . The O'Neills started the AJO Forever Fund to assist families of children with epilepsy and to bolster a scholarship fund for local cheerleaders looking to go into nursing .	Alyssa O'Neill never got to have the pumpkin spice latte she asked for After her death , her parents bought 40 lattes for strangers That act has grown via Facebook into a worldwide pay-it-forward movement
Diyarbakir , Turkey  CNN  -- At a campaign rally in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan tried Wednesday to draw parallels between the oppression and persecution Turkey 's largest ethnic minority has faced and the pressure he himself faced under Turkey 's former secularist leaders . "  We went through the same suffering as you , " Erdogan told a crowd of thousands of people who gathered amid rain and tight security in they city 's main square . "  Your brother  Erdogan  was jailed for only reciting a poem . ... I know what the status quo made my Kurdish brothers live through . I come from within this struggle . I know policies of dismissal , I know denial . " Erdogan referred to the six months he spent in jail in the late 1990s when he was the mayor of Istanbul . Turkish authorities imprisoned him after he recited a poem that was ruled to have Islamist connotations . In his speech on Wednesday , Erdogan emphasized "  brotherhood " with the Kurdish people . For nearly 30 years , southeastern Turkey has been the primary battleground for a guerilla war between Kurdish separatists and the Turkish state that has claimed more than 30,000 mostly Kurdish lives . "  For decades we lived in poverty together . For decades , we lived the pressure , oppression , the fascist oppression of the status quo together . What was banned for you , was also banned for us , " Erdogan said . Security was tight ahead of Erdogan 's speech . The Diyarbakir governor 's office issued a written statement announcing security forces confiscated dozens of gasoline bombs as well as ingredients for Molotov cocktails during operations launched before the rally . It said it had had information of "  possible attacks on the security forces , political party election bureaus and party offices with Molotov cocktails , flared , and handmade bombs . " Tensions were raised by clashes that erupted Tuesday during an Erdogan rally in the Black Sea town of Hopa . Diyarbakir has long been a hotbed of support for the Kurdish opposition activists , and intermittent clashes were reported there Wednesday , including one case in which the driver of a large van was pulled onto street after exchanging words with pedestrians . People were subjected to thorough checks before going into the rally , although once inside the mood was jovial , with people praising Erdogan and some women writing notes and giving them to his bodyguards in the hope that they might be passed on to the prime minister . But not far from the rally , in the Kurdish neighborhood of Baglar , almost all of the shops were closed in silent protest against Erdogan . Men on the streets sang political songs and waved flags in support of the Peace and Democracy Party , the main Kurdish political party . Later in the evening Molotov cocktails and other homemade explosives were thrown at police gathered to contain the protests . Fires were quickly put out by heavily armored police trucks and minutes then passed before the next device was thrown . No one was reported hurt in the incidents . In the clashes Tuesday in Hopa , a demonstrator died of a heart attack and one of Erdogan 's bodyguards was hospitalized with head wounds after demonstrators hurled stones that struck him as he was riding Erdogan 's campaign bus away from Hopa . The demonstrators in Hopa were for the most part members of leftist and secularist groups . Parliamentary elections are to be held in Turkey on June 12 . Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party is widely expected to once again win a majority of seats in parliament . It first swept to power in 2002 . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Erdogan says he "  went through the same suffering " as Kurds He says both have been victims of "  the fascist oppression of the status quo " Kurdish separatists have been battling the Turkish state for nearly 30 years Security was high ; the governors office said it had information of possible attacks
CNN  -- The head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has rejected suggestions that the United States has adopted too soft a stance on climate change negotiations with China . Protesters march through Sydney , Australia on June 13 to urge more government action on climate change . IPCC Chairman Rajendra Pachauri has told CNN that the U.S. is right to absolve China from setting firm caps for national cuts in carbon emissions . His comments came after U.S. climate change negotiator Todd Stern was quoted in China Daily as saying , "  We do n't expect China to take a national cap at this stage . " "  I feel that 's a very pragmatic view , " Pachauri told CNN . "  I do n't think you 'd expect any of the emerging markets to take an actual cut or even a commitment to reduce the rate of growth . " Stern was in China last week for high-level talks with his counterpart , Xie Zhenhua , vice chairman of China 's National Development and Reform Commission  NDRC  . In a press briefing on Friday , Stern described the talks as "  very constructive , " and emphasized that the while the U.S. would n't demand specific cuts in China 's carbon emissions , it expected a "  considerable " reduction "  to where they would otherwise be . " Pachauri told CNN that developed countries would be best advised to lead by example and promise specific cuts of their own . "  It does n't make sense to be tough because , let 's face it , the developed world really has not lived up to what was expected of them . I think there 's a far more productive strategy , a constructive approach would be to first make a commitment to reduce emissions in the developed world , get the emerging markets to take some fairly ambitious action within their own territories , and then we move from there onwards . " "  If you just keep pushing the Chinese that they 've got to make some kind of a commitment for cuts or reductions in emissions intensity , you 're not going to get anywhere , " he added . China has demanded that developing countries cut their emissions by at least 40 percent from 1990 levels by 2020 . It also wants rich countries to donate up to one percent of their annual gross domestic product to help poorer countries tackle climate change . "  I think that 's an opening gambit in a set of negotiations which in all will ultimately be decided by compromise from all those that are involved . I do n't think it defines what 's going to happen ultimately , " Pachauri said . "  China will be certainly be persuaded to accept something lower , I have no doubt about it , " he added . Last week , Japan became the latest developed country to publicly commit to specific cuts in carbon emissions . Its vow to reduce emissions by 15 percent on 2005 levels by 2020 was lambasted as lacking ambition , and is a fraction of the cut scientists say is necessary to prevent dangerous climate change . "  I think that 's not going to be the final word , " Pachauri said of the Japanese commitment . "  Who knows where the developed world as a whole will end , whether it will be 20 percent or 25 percent or more , but all of this is at least in the realm of possibility given the positive direction that I see coming out of Bonn . " Two weeks of talks in Bonn ending last Friday brought together delegates from 182 countries to lay the groundwork for a global climate change deal to replace the Kyoto Protocol , which expires at the end of 2012 . It 's one of a series of meetings scheduled in the lead up to the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen on December 7 , seen as the most important climate change talks since the Kyoto deal was adopted in 1997 . Pachauri told CNN the progress made at the latest round of talks in Bonn bodes well for a global deal in December . "  I think the whole spirit of the discussion it seems to me as being far more productive than one would have anticipated , particularly given the fact that the U.S. is now engaged fully in this part of these discussions in an active way , " he said .	IPCC chairman noted "  positive direction " of climate change talks in Bonn Delegates met in Bonn last week to lay groundwork for global climate deal Climate talks in Copenhagen in December aim to forge post-Kyoto agreement Pachauri : "  I do n't see what a tougher stance  with China  would do "
CNN  -- Residents of Tripoli woke up Tuesday to find that a landmark statue of a naked woman stroking a gazelle had mysteriously disappeared from the center of the Libyan capital . No one has so far claimed responsibility for removing the statue but residents and journalists suspect hardline Islamist militants who have in the past branded the nude artwork immoral and called for its removal . The bronze statue dates back to the Italian colonial era and , until Tuesday , sat in a fountain at the eponymous Gazelle Roundabout in central Tripoli near the Mediterranean . "  All that remains is part of the base , showing that the bronze statue was wrenched off its pedestal , probably by a mechanical digger , " reported the English-language daily Libya Herald . The Culture Ministry condemned the act , saying in a statement "  the stealing of the statue is an act of vandalism and is an attempt to obliterate the trace and history of Libya 's landmarks . " The Tripoli local council also issued a condemnation and called on fellow Libyans to "  protect Libyan heritage and monuments in their area . " The statue was hit by a mortar shell during heavy clashes between rival militias in August , leaving a gaping hole in the woman 's side . Its removal is the latest example of friction between the powerful Islamist groups and more liberal elements of Libyan society . A video on Libyan television from February 2012 shows a small group of intellectuals and journalists holding a demonstration at the roundabout following hardline Islamists ' threats to remove the statue . One image appears to show a cut in gazelle 's leg , indicating an attempt to saw through the statue . Around that same time , the statue was temporarily covered up by a blue plastic tarp to hide her nudity . There was plenty of condemnation on social media , but at least one poster on Twitter who sympathizes with the ISIS terror group saw the removal as a good thing . "  Statue of Italians who brutally killed Libyans for over 20 + years is brought down today in " #Tripoli . Libya is free , " tweeted the user who only goes by the name "  Islam , " later posting : "  Any Libyan who like that statue hates Libya and Islam . " Libya has been in the throes of civil unrest since the 2011 revolution and ouster of dictator Moammar Gadhafi , with rival militant factions competing for control over political and economic power and Libya 's vast oil reserves . There are even two rival governments -- an Islamist-backed , self-installed government controls Tripoli , while a Western-backed government elected in June operates out of the country 's east . There have been fierce deadly clashes for weeks in Benghazi after the Western-backed government and forces loyal it launched a military operation to drive out Islamist militias from the city .	A landmark statue has disappeared from a roundabout in Libya 's capital , Tripoli The bronze statue of a naked woman stroking a gazelle dated from the Italian colonial era Islamist militants had previously branded the statue immoral and threatened to remove it The Cultural Ministry said the "  vandalism " was an attempt to obliterate Libya 's history
Athens  CNN  -- Wandering through central Athens ' Syntagma Square , Maria Papanagiotaki and Aristotle Skalizos stop to perch on a sun-soaked bench as they consider their future . The couple , who have been dating for two-and-a-half years , belong to Greece 's post-junta generation , growing up as the country emerged into its modern democracy . As Greece 's turbulent history faded into its past , the country 's political landscape remained fraught with nepotism and mismanagement . Read more : Is Greek democracy regressing ? But the boom times had begun . Greece entered the euro in 2001 , and ex-pat money flooded back into the country . It hosted the Olympic Games in 2004 , swelling the country with pride . But by 2009 -- when the country admitted its deficit was out of control -- the financial mirage evaporated . Maria , 34 , and 25-year old Aristotle 's generation was caught in the fallout . The couple belong to a young professional class that will help shape their country 's future . Together , they must decide if they are willing to live through -- and help alleviate -- Greece 's pain . Their views differ dramatically , and it weighs on their relationship . A few meters away from where Maria , an electronic mobile technician , and Aristotle , an electronics tester , chat , a man stumbles to his knees , dropping a begging cup . Grasping for it as it rolls away , he ends up splayed on the ground . It 's a disturbing sight , but one which has become increasingly common in Athens since austerity measures began to bite . Greece 's poverty , suicide and crime rates have increased alongside unemployment and emigration . It is this environment Maria wants to leave . She dreams of life outside of Greece , in the UK or the U.S. , where she has relatives . "  I have to go , " she says . "  I have to leave from here . " Aristotle wants to remain . "  I want to stay and fight , " he says . "  I do n't want to abandon my country . " His reasoning is clear : "  I love my country . " Maria and Aristotle Maria and Aristotle began dating after meeting at their workplace , a Germany-based telecommunications company . The relationship blossomed after , in Maria 's words , "  he saw me there , we became friends , he was trying to approach me in any -LSB- way -RSB- ... and finally after eight months we were together . " They moved in together , but say their financial situation has become increasingly difficult as the crisis has unfolded . Each has taken a significant cut in pay since April , in part because both have seen their work week reduced to four days a week . They now earn $ 1,160  $ 1,415  a month between them , down from $ 1,480  $ 1,805  two years ago . They pay $ 300  $ 366  in rent and around $ 65  $ 79  a week in groceries , but face extra costs because of the crisis . Since Aristotle 's father 's sculpture business went bankrupt in the recession , the young couple must also help his parents get by , he says . Neither voted in the June 17 elections , because they could not spare the cash to return to their home villages -- $ 15  $ 18  for Maria , and $ 40  $ 48  for Aristotle -- to vote . Pro-austerity package party New Democracy won the election , despite soaring support for the radical left Syriza party . Alexis Tsipras , who heads Syriza , is , like Maria , is in his 30s . Tsipras 's vociferous rejection of Europe 's austerity-driven demands for Greece appealed to discontented youth , with the party capturing 33 % of 18 to 34-year-olds , compared to 20 % for New Democracy . The surge is all the more dramatic given that Greeks , born in a country where family loyalty is embedded deep in the national psyche , usually vote the way of their forebears . Maria , for one , would have fallen behind her parents and voted New Democracy . The party now leads a fragile coalition , but that provides no comfort for Maria . A country fights for its future Greece 's new government is now renegotiating its bailout package , but there is no guarantee the country will emerge from years of recession . And the country could lose people like Maria and Aristotle overseas , while those with less hope could give in to despair . More than 50 % of working age Greeks under 26 are without a job . Those just entering the workforce are particularly hard-hit , with 2011 figures from Eurostat showing 56 % unemployment among those aged 15 to 19 . Around one in four workers under 39 years old are unemployed . Eurostat figures show the extent of the exodus of young workers fleeing Greece 's crisis . In 2010 , almost 2.5 % of those in their mid-to-late 20s left the country , while around 2 % of those aged 30 to 34 emigrated . Dreams of going abroad Those choosing to leave must struggle against the desire to stay and help their family , and overcome a deep loyalty to a country which has suffered under civil war , dictatorship , and foreign rule under Germany , now its main paymaster . Those entering the workforce carry a cultural weight of responsibility to family . Aristotle 's 19-year-old brother , Nick , a student , wants to move to the Netherlands to study fine arts . Holland attracts him because of its place in art history , and the "  country and the color of the sky are beautiful , " he says . But any money he earns -- after he 's made enough to get by -- will be sent back to Greece , to help his family . Marios-Aristotle Koulouris , a 23-year-old soldier , also wants to go abroad , and study political science . But he wants to return , to break his generation 's "  consciousness of dependency . " Greece , he believes , needs to "  rise up and develop its own power , to protect our people 's benefits . Economically and politically , we need to rise up . " The country 's next generation needs to be taught the value of productivity , he believes . The crisis represents a chance "  to change people 's minds ... . to abolish the mentality of dependency . " Coming back home Some of those who have left Greece have already returned in an effort to help the country they love . Christina Psarra , a 27-year-old who works in policy at humanitarian organization Doctors of the World studied at the London School of Economics , while George Stathopoulos , a 33-year-old investment banker studied at Middlesex University . Although their educations opened a world of possibility , both opted to forgo careers abroad to return to Athens . Christina says when her studies in London were coming to an end last year , she knew it was time to "  feed my heart not my mind . " Christina and George describe Greece as a country where one always cooks extra food in preparation for a guest , where a feisty debate over sport will end with friendly drink , and where parents maintain close contact with children after they leave home . But this often idyllic country today finds itself immersed in anger and fear . And Christina , who is passionate about helping the vulnerable and now works with drug addicts , says she does n't know which is more dangerous . "  I 'm afraid for other people and myself , " she says . With the option to work overseas , she believes she may be forced to leave , due to Greece 's lack of opportunities . "  I have the chance , I have the choice to decide to live abroad . If I am forced to do it , I can do it , " she says . George believes the country can -- should it follow the example of others , such as Turkey -- restructure itself into a viable European economy . The revelations of its financial irresponsibility , which led the spiral into bailout , were akin to the country being caught "  skinny-dipping " when the tide went out , he says . George wants to see the country 's red-tape unraveled to allow investment into its promising industries such as tourism and shipping . The problems for Greece are structural , he says , and that can be a "  glass half full ... you can see that as an opportunity . -LSB- If -RSB- you realize you have a problem , you can transform how you do business . " The way he sees it : "  The game is not lost but we are two goals behind . " Marios-Aristotle also sees opportunity in Greece 's future , and he is not afraid of the pain that may still come . "  My country -LSB- during -RSB- its history has passed many greater disasters . So I am not afraid . " For Aristotle , there is one answer to a difficult question . It goes against his wishes but he will put his relationship with Maria ahead of his country . "  I love -LSB- Maria -RSB- , and I will follow her . I will sacrifice , " he says .	Maria Papanagiotaki and Aristotle Skalizos are in love , but they disagree over whether to stay in Greece or leave The couple belong to a generation devastated by the country 's economic crisis Others who have left Greece come back to contribute to the recovery of their homeland The country 's young face such dilemmas even as politicians try and renegotiate the bailout package
CNN  The Golden State could soon refer to the hue of California 's lawns . Gov. Jerry Brown on Wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms , ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25 % . "  We 're in a new era , " Brown said . "  The idea of your nice little green grass getting lots of water every day , that 's going to be a thing of the past . " The 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water  an acre foot of water equals about 325,000 gallons  over the next nine months , state officials said . "  This historic drought demands unprecedented action , " Brown said , standing on a patch of dry , brown grass in the Sierra Nevada mountains that is usually blanketed by up to 5 feet of snow . The reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry , except for the requirement that it report more information on its groundwater use . The exclusion prompted some criticism , as agriculture uses about 80 % of California 's developed water supply . Farms in the state have taken a hit , with reduced water allocations and thousands of farmworkers laid off . But climate writer Eric Holthaus of Slate wrote that "  wasteful agriculture is literally sucking California dry . " The action comes as the Sierra Nevada snowpack , which Californians rely on heavily during the summer for their water needs , is near a record low . One famed golf course group said it should be able to keep its fairways and greens green . David Stivers , an executive vice president of the Pebble Beach company , said his company is studying the restrictions to see what effect it will have on business . "  It will not affect our golf course irrigation because we use recycled waste water  for golf course irrigation  from a plant we built in 1994 , " he said . The company operates Pebble Beach Golf Links , Spyglass Hill Golf Course and The Links at Spanish Bay as well as three hotels . He said the drought has yet to hurt revenue . "  People up here are also very conscious about water usage and the expense of water in this area , " he said . Pepperdine University in Malibu , known for its beautiful campus , said it would be challenging to meet the restrictions given the water-saving practices already in effect . The school already uses recycled and reclaimed water for campus irrigation and now it has turned off all fountains on campus , according to Rhiannon Bailard , director of the university 's Center for Sustainability . The university was also encouraging students to further reduce water usage . In addition , Brown 's executive order will : • Impose significant cuts in water use on campuses , golf courses , cemeteries and other large landscapes . • Replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with "  drought-tolerant landscaping . " • Create a temporary , statewide consumer rebate program to replace old appliances with water efficient models . • Prohibit new homes and developments from irrigating with potable water unless water-efficient drip irrigation systems are used . • Ban watering of ornamental grass on public street medians . • Require agricultural water users to report more water use information to state regulators , increasing the state 's ability to enforce against illegal diversions and waste . "  It 's a different world , " Brown said Wednesday . "  We have to act differently . " A staggering 11 trillion gallons are needed for California to recover from the emergency . The estimate is based on NASA satellite data analysis of how much water the state 's reserves lack . That 's more than 14,000 times the amount of water it would take to fill the Dallas Cowboys stadium , according to CNN calculations . It 's the amount of water that flows over Niagara Falls in about 170 days ' time . The entire state faces at least a moderate drought , and more than half of the state faces the worst category of dryness , called an exceptional drought , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor . California is n't the only state feeling an absence of rain . As of late September , 30 % of the Lower 48 faced at least a moderate drought , particularly in the Southwest states neighboring California and in Texas , the Drought Monitor says . But none of those states is facing the extremes of California , where the drought has been a slowly building natural disaster since 2012 . In fact , Brown last year declared a state emergency , saying his constituents are facing "  perhaps the worst drought that California has ever seen since records  began  about 100 years ago . " Opinion : The end of the LA lawn On September 16 , Brown signed "  historic legislation " that created "  a framework for sustainable , local groundwater management for the first time in California history , " the governor 's office said . Before the new legislation , California was the only Western state that did n't manage its groundwater , officials said . Last month , Brown unveiled an emergency $ 1 billion spending plan to tackle the state 's historic drought . According to the State Water Resources Control Board , the package will specifically accelerate $ 128 million from the governor 's budget to provide direct assistance to workers and affected communities . Proposition 1 funding , which enacted the Water Quality , Supply , and Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2014 , will funnel $ 272 million into safe drinking water efforts and maintenance of water recycling infrastructure . Some $ 660 million from Prop 1 will also be accelerated for flood protection in urban and rural areas . As part of the changes , Brown said additional measures will crack down on water inefficiency as California enters the fourth year of a worsening water crisis . The March snowpack measurement came in at 0.9 inches of water content in the snow , just 5 % of the March 3 historical average for the measurement site . The overall water content for the Northern Sierra snowpack came in at 4.4 inches , just 16 % of average for the date . Central and southern Sierra readings were 5.5 inches  20 % of average  and 5 inches  22 % of average  respectively . Only in 1991 has the water content of the snow been lower . CNN 's Tony Marco , Amanda Watts , Ben Brumfield , Michael Martinez , Sara Sidner , Alexandra Meeks and Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	Pepperdine University seeks ways to meet new usage allowances , turns off fountains Drought-stricken California for the first time imposes water restrictions Executive order demands that cities and towns reduce water usage by 25 %
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- The effort to rescue hundreds of trekkers stranded for six days in a town near Nepal 's iconic Mount Everest due to bad weather continued Monday . With weather conditions improving Monday , the process of transporting the tourists to the nation 's capital was fully under way , the tourism ministry said . "  The target is to transport 1,500 tourists to Kathmandu today , " Hari Basyal , spokesman of the Nepal Ministry of Tourism and Civil Aviation told CNN . More than 2,200 tourists have been stranded in the village of Lukla since last week where food supplies are limited , Basyal said . Lukla , a popular starting point for people on their way to the world 's tallest peak , is located in northeast Nepal . Stranded tourists took 48 flights and helicopter rides out of Lukla on Monday . A day earlier , at least 500 trekkers were flown to the capital . Last week , some of the tourists began a four-day walk to the town of Jiri to take buses to Kathmandu .	Bad weather conditions have stranded hundreds of trekkers Tourists are being evacuated from the town of Lukla to Nepal 's capital
CNN  -- Twenty milligrams ; that 's the average amount of carbon emissions generated from the time it took you to read the first two words of this article . How green is your website ? Calculating all the factors involved in a website can be tricky . Now , depending on how quickly you read , around 80 , perhaps even 100 milligrams of C02 have been released . And in the several minutes it will take you to get to the end of this story , the number of milligrams of greenhouse gas emitted could be several thousand , if not more . This may not seem like a lot : "  But in aggregate , if you consider all the people visiting a web site and then all the seconds that each of them spends on it , it turns out to be a large number , " says Dr. Alexander Wissner-Gross , an Environmental Fellow at Harvard University who studies the environmental impact of computing . Wissner-Gross estimates every second someone spends browsing a simple web site generates roughly 20 milligrams of C02 . Whether downloading a song , sending an email or streaming a video , almost every single activity that takes place in the virtual environment has an impact on the real one . As millions more go online each year some researchers say the need to create a green Internet ecosystem is not only imperative but also urgent . "  It is part of the whole sustainability picture , " Chris Large , head of research and development at UK-based Climate Action Group , told CNN . "  Scientists are saying to us that we have 10 years to take some serious action to avoid the most catastrophic effects of climate change so taking some sort of initiative is absolutely vital . " A number of studies have highlighted the growing energy demands of computers . A 2007 report from research firm Gartner , for example , estimates the manufacturing , use and disposal of information and communications technology generates about two percent of the world 's greenhouse gases -- similar to the level produced by the entire aviation industry . Watch the report on efforts to turn tech green " Anti-virus software firm McAfee reports that the electricity needed just to transmit the trillions of spam emails sent annually equals the amount required to power over two million homes in the United States while producing the same level of greenhouse gas emissions as more than three million cars . "  Most people do n't appreciate that the computer on your desk is contributing to global warming and that if its electricity comes from a coal power plant it produces as much C02 as a sports utility vehicle , " said Bill St. Arnaud of Canarie , a Canada-based internet development organization . "  Some studies estimate the internet will be producing 20 percent of the world 's greenhouse gases in a decade . That is clearly the wrong direction . That is clearly unsustainable , " added St. Arnaud . What do you include when working out IT 's carbon footprint ? Calculating the carbon footprint of the entire web however is not as easy as measuring the greenhouse gas emissions of a car . Data centers -- massive buildings housing hundreds , if not thousands , of power hungry servers storing everything from Facebook photos and YouTube videos to company web sites and personal emails -- are often labeled as the worst offenders when it comes to harming the environment . In 2002 , global data center emissions amounted to 76 million tons of carbon dioxide -- a figure that is likely to more than triple over the next decade , according to a 2008 study by the Climate Group and Global e-Sustainability Initiative  GeSI  . The footprint of network infrastructure , which is responsible for transporting information from data centers to personal computers , mobile phones and other devices , is harder to pinpoint . However the same study estimates fixed broadband accounts for around four million tons of carbon emissions and could account for nearly 50 million tons of emissions by 2020 . The manufacturing , transport and use of personal computers and laptops also has what some say is the most significant impact , producing roughly 200 million tons of emissions in 2002 . As millions of people buy new laptops and computers every year , this figure could triple by the end of the next decade , according to the Climate Group report . And it is also true that , like driving a car compared to taking public transportation , some online activities produce more greenhouse gases than others . More electricity is needed to store , transmit and download a video compared to a simple email , for example . A single search using Google releases 0.2 grams of C02 into the atmosphere , according to Google . "  And what that includes is the energy that we at Google use to be able to receive your search , process it and then send it back to you , " Erik Teetzel , one of Google 's "  green " engineers , told CNN . "  If people are counting things outside the activity that we do , then we do n't have control over that so we do n't factor that into the equation , " said Teetzel . "  We can measure exactly the number of queries that we service and come up with a very accurate estimate and answer from measured results of our actual emissions or energy use per query that we serve . " The drive for energy efficiency Citing competitive reasons , Teetzel declined to divulge Google 's annual power bill , yet he said the internet company has been taking steps to make its main six , five megawatt server farms green as well as the other , smaller data centers it has around the world . It is doing this by using more renewable energy , recycled water and efficient software that requires less electricity to run . "  From a business perspective , it makes sense to get the most what you want to call useful work done using the least amount of resources , " said Teetzel . "  Our energy efficiency efforts really did stem from us making our business more competitive . " A number of other companies are also working to take the various pieces that comprise the infrastructure of the internet in a more sustainable direction . Wissner-Gross of Harvard has a company called C02Stats that enables businesses to monitor and manage the environmental impact of their web sites and then purchase renewable energy certificates based on their sites ' monthly carbon footprint . Netherlands-based Cleanbits lobbies web sites to go green by either by purchasing carbon offsets or switching to green hosting providers , like AISO.net , a solar-powered data center based in California . And , like Google , Yahoo also incorporates renewable power and other efficiency measures in its data centers . However as more of the world joins an age characterized by global flows of information and communication , some say the role the internet plays in making the lives of millions not only more efficient but also environmentally friendly should not be discounted . "  I do n't think we 've done a good deal with articulating the fact that IT is inherently an efficiency tool , " said Teetzel . "  That is why you and I use the internet now to find out a lot of information that would have previously been found by us getting in a car and driving somewhere . " "  It is a little bit unfair to say that you have this huge carbon cost of the IT industry without articulating the fact that in many , many cases it offsets what I would call heavier , more carbon intense activities that we do in our daily lives , " he added . "  Moving electrons is far more efficient than moving atoms . It is actually a paradigm change . "	Every second spent web-browsing generates 20 milligrams of CO2 Estimates that the Internet will produce 20 percent of the world 's GHGs in 10 years Data centers often labeled worst offenders ; many taking steps to reduce emissions ` Ultimately IT is an efficiency tool , better to move electrons than atoms , ' say Google
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The Miami area seems to be enjoyed most by people who live somewhere else . Garcia 's offers freshly caught fish and a great view from a deck overlooking the Miami River . More often than not snowbirds , the yearly visitors who winter in South Florida , and other tourists appear to take over . But there are plenty of places that are beloved by locals and wo n't cost you a fortune . A good first stop is Lincoln Road , the pedestrian boulevard that runs almost the width of Miami Beach . A farmers ' market each Sunday is a weekly meeting point for many locals , and although the area has lost some of its identity to chains , there are plenty of unique restaurants and shops to sample . Start your stroll on Lincoln with coffee at David 's Café  1654 Meridian Ave.  . From a large open window facing the street , the cafe keeps the Cuban coffee flowing 24/7 to a wide mix of Miamians who line up for their caffeine fix . Not too much English is spoken here though , so practice the following : cafecito  a shot of sugary Cuban coffee  , cortadito  sugary Cuban coffee cut with milk  and café con leche  a Latin latte  . A block west of David 's is The Frieze  1626 Michigan Ave.  , which devoted regulars will swear serves the best ice cream in the world . A taste of one of the many flavors of ice cream or sorbet -- made from fresh local fruits -- may make you a convert as well . Flavors such as wasabi or tamarind have to be tried to be believed . Whether it 's the best in the world is open for debate , but for sure The Frieze serves the best scoops in Miami . At Segafredo 's , on the West end of Lincoln  1040 Lincoln Road  , the real attraction is people watching . It 's the place to see and be seen in Miami Beach . Customers spending hundreds of dollars on champagne and cocktails or a few bucks on coffee and simple snacks enjoy the same great view of local characters on parade and the beautiful people who act as if Lincoln Road were their own personal catwalk . North of Lincoln Road , on the Biscayne Bay side of Miami Beach is Joe Allen restaurant  1787 Purdy Ave.  , a bastion of good food and service that a crowd of mostly local clientele has kept going for nearly a decade . The restaurant has locations in other cities , but walking into the low-key Miami Beach dining room you would swear you stumbled onto a well-kept secret . Joe Allen 's serves really fresh comfort food : steaming plates of mussels in an Asian broth , homemade pastas , great burgers and a killer meatloaf . This is not the place for celebrity sightings and the latest trendy food , but you will eat well and not break the bank . Many Miami restaurants boast they serve the freshest fish in town , but few have their own fishing fleet to back up the claim . Garcia 's Seafood Grille and Fish Market  398 N.W. N. River Drive , Miami  offers its own freshly caught fish and a great view from a deck overlooking the Miami River . It 's a trick to get there , and the restaurant is one of the few bright spots in a still run-down area of downtown Miami , so go with good directions . As you lunch on a mahi-mahi sandwich with a beer served in an ice-cold mug and watch the boats go by , the trip to Garcia 's will seem well worth the effort . It would n't be Miami , of course , without the beach , and every local has his or her own preferred strip of sand . The beach at Collins Avenue and 87th Terrace is a favorite for people who want to relax with the Sunday paper and a fold-out chair . The water and sand seem cleaner than most other beaches and the area is a favorite for kite surfers . If you are n't already a local , you soon will feel like one after a few hours there with the sand between your toes .	Miamians line up for Cuban coffee at David 's Cafe Joe Allen serves fresh comfort food on the Biscayne Bay side of Miami Beach Garcia 's Seafood Grille and Fish Market offers its own freshly caught fish
New York  CNN  -- Prosecutors said Friday they treating an incident in which a woman allegedly killed herself and her three young children by driving her minivan into the Hudson River as a triple murder and suicide . "  Based on all the information available , there is no one else who can be held criminally liable in this case , " said Orange County District Attorney Frank Phillips in a statement . It may take weeks before the autopsy findings are completed due to the need to receive toxicology results , Phillips added . The sole survivor in Tuesday 's tragic incident was 10-year-old Lashaun Armstrong , who escaped the sinking vehicle where his mother Lashonda Armstrong , 25 , as well as his siblings -- an 11-month-old girl , a 2-year-old boy and a 5-year-old boy -- all died . Police say an investigation into the incident suggests that the mother intentionally drove the vehicle into the Hudson in Newburgh , New York , some 60 miles north of New York City . The woman who came to the aid of the Lashaun said that the boy was both courageous and terrified . "  He kept saying , ` It 's my fault , ' " Meave Ryan recalled . The boy , hoisted himself out of the van 's driver-side window Tuesday night , swam to shore and then flagged down Ryan by the side of a road . Lashaun was waving his arms and calling out "  Help me , help me , help me , " Ryan said . "  He said , ` Mom just drove the car into the water , ' " she added . Ryan said she and the boy drove to the scene , wading into the water to look for survivors . Lashaun said his mother "  just went crazy , " according to Ryan . "  She just speeded up and went into the water , " Ryan added , recounting what Lashaun had told her . The boy eventually recalled to Ryan that , as the car was moving , his mother climbed into the back seat and "  had all her children cradled in her arms . " According to Ryan 's recollection of her conversation with Lashaun , he quoted his mother as saying , "  If I 'm going to die ... you 're all going to die with me . " Lashaun told Ryan that he resisted and broke free , yelling out the window for help . Ryan said the boy told her that as he was trying to escape , "  maybe  his mother  had a break of reality , " and she then cried out , "  Oh , my God , I made a mistake . " She then climbed back into the front seat , the boy told Ryan . But it was too late . It took responders an hour of searching , using dive teams and a circling helicopter , to find the four bodies and the van submerged in eight feet of water , according to Fire Chief Michael Vatter . Ryan said the boy told her that his mother had been frantic , packing her children into her minivan and racing off , because she thought she was being cheated on . And before the incident , a relative called police reporting a "  domestic disturbance " that police say may have involved the father of Armstrong 's children . That belief is based both on a phone call the relative received in which the relative reported hearing "  tussling in the background , " and a history of domestic problems in the family , police said in a statement released Wednesday . Authorities declined to identify the relative . Police said Thursday that they have ruled out potential criminal charges against the father of the dead children , Jean Pierre . Police say they had previously arrested Pierre on charges of endangering the welfare of a minor , which stemmed from a February incident in which his 2-year-old son was found wandering the streets shortly after 1 a.m. . The boy was found in cold temperatures , only partially clothed in wet clothing , police said in a statement Friday . Pierre was arrested three days later on February 10 alongside a woman named Shannel Baez , who police say gave conflicting accounts of being both the boy 's babysitter and his mother . Meanwhile , Newburgh Mayor Nicholas Valentine said Tuesday 's incident is certain to have "  a lasting effect on this city . " A neighbor , Christine Santos , said she "  would never have imagined  Armstrong  to do this to her kids . " "  To them little babies . I would have never have imagined . I 'm in shock , " Santos added . Ryan said Lashaun -- the lone survivor -- is wracked with guilt that he was n't able to unbuckle his baby sister or teach his two brothers to swim . "  He blames himself , " Ryan said of Lashaun , who told her he only learned to swim last year . "  That 's the sad part . " CNN 's Sheila Steffen and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutors are treating the incident as a triple murder-suicide Kids ' father arrested in February after 2-year-old found on streets Sole survivor : "  Mom just drove the car into the water "
Hong Kong  CNN  Disgraced former People 's Liberation Army  PLA  general Xu Caihou has died of bladder cancer , Chinese state media has reported . He was 71 . Xu , who passed away at a hospital on Sunday , became one of the highest-profile figures in China 's military to be caught up in President Xi Jinping 's war on corruption last year , when the government launched an investigation into him on the back of bribery allegations . The court decided not to prosecute Xu due to his illness , but said his illegal income , including the bribes he was determined to have accepted would be handled in accordance with the law . Formerly a vice-chairman of China 's Central Military Commission , the body which runs the two-million strong PLA , Xu was also expelled from the Chinese Communist Party and had his rank of general revoked , according to a statement from the state-run Xinhua news agency . A seven-month investigation , which began in March last year , found that Xu took advantage of his position to assist the promotion of other people . He confessed to accepting bribes personally and through his family . He was also found to have sought profits for others in exchange for bribes taken through his family members . The amount he received was "  extremely huge , " the statement added . In Chinese President Xi Jinping 's annual New Year speech , he reiterated China 's "  zero-tolerance " stance towards corruption , vowing to keep "  waving high the sword against corruption " and "  fastening the cage of regulations . " 2014 saw Xi take down two top officials in China 's fight against corruption , in addition to Xu . He took down former domestic security czar Zhou Yongkang , likely soon to become the most senior Chinese official ever to face corruption charges , and Ling Jihua , a top aide to ex-President Hu Jintao . State media have touted the trio as the three biggest "  tigers " caught in Xi 's now-two year old anti-graft campaign , which has a stated goal of targeting both "  tigers and flies " -- high-and low-ranking officials .	Xu , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , dies of bladder cancer The official was the most senior military leader to face corruption charges in recent memory Statement : Xu took advantage of his position to promote others and take bribes
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistan Taliban said Wednesday it will not extend a cease-fire with the Pakistani government , six days after a weeks-long pause in hostilities officially ended . In a statement released to the news media , the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP , alleged the Pakistani government had n't responded positively to the cease-fire , which began as a monthlong observance on March 1 and eventually was extended to April 10 . One of the militant group 's leaders , Umer Khalid Khurrsani , said Wednesday that the government was n't serious about peace and that the only way to implement Sharia , Islamic law , was jihad . The group made a series of demands this month , including the release of detained noncombatants . Pakistan 's government has not yet issued a response to the announcement , Interior Ministry spokesman Danial Gillani said Wednesday . The TTP has waged an insurgency against the Pakistani government , fighting for its austere version of Sharia across Pakistan and rejecting the country 's constitution . Pakistan announced a peace initiative , and a cease-fire was reached to pave the way for talks , but discussions broke down in March after Taliban attacks . Pakistani government representatives did meet the Taliban for talks on March 26 , the first direct contact between the two sides . The Taliban had made demands , including the release of noncombatants , in early April . At least 19 Taliban noncombatants were released earlier as a good will gesture to promote peace talks , said Shaukatullah Khan , governor of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province . The release came at the directive of Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , Khan said . Since taking office last year , Sharif faced mounting pressure to bring the violence under control .	The cease-fire was agreed upon March 1 and officially was in effect until April 10 Pakistani government officials met with the Taliban last week to promote peace The militant group had demanded the release of noncombatants
The rockets start raining down at her kibbutz usually around late morning . That leaves Adele Raemer precious little time to walk her two dogs and then dash into the shower . Because when those rockets arrive -- triggering air raid sirens that fill the air with short , shrill howls -- she has to be ready to duck and take cover in her indoor bomb shelter . There , all she can do is wait . **** On the other side of the border , across the security fence in Gaza , Rasha has no safe room to run to . The fighter jets can come any time , day or night . And in this place , one of the most congested on earth , there 's a high probability that if a bomb falls nearby , it might destroy her house , too . So , all she can do is pray . **** This is n't what life was always like for either woman . But ever since the long simmering tension between Israelis and Palestinians flared up this week , rockets and airstrikes have crisscrossed between Gaza and Israel . Neither woman cares for the politics of hate . They just want to live a life of peace and safety . But the new normal has upended everything -- for them and for those around them Fear for daughter 's border wedding One fence , two fates Raemer lives in Kibbutz Nirim , a Jewish community in Eshkol , just over a mile and a half from the border with Gaza . The fortified safe room has become the focus of Raemer 's life around the clock . "  Everything is ready to make it easy to run  to the safe room  , " she says . She has shoved her coffee table , her carpet , anything that blocks her path off to the side , so she can make it there in seconds . Authorities warn that it takes a rocket just 15 seconds to land after the warning has sounded . "  It 's not 15 seconds . It 's closer to 10 , " she says . "  Sometimes you hear boom and then you run . " Rasha lives in Khan Yunis . She 's afraid to use her real name . She does n't want her identity published , because she worries someone might misconstrue what she says as political statements , take offense and come after her . Like Raemer , the attacks have consumed her , without her wanting it to . Schools are closed . Shops are abandoned . She sits at home all day . When the power goes out , she sits in the dark , listening to sounds of bombs dropping . "  The sound is very strong , " she says . Close calls Raemer is an online trainer . She works a lot from home . So , unlike many others , she does n't have to step outside much for work , and risk her life every time . But there have been close calls . Since tensions spiked , the kibbutz store has kept minimal hours . It 's open for an hour in the morning and one in the afternoon . So Raemer popped by recently to pick up rations . Then she heard something . "  I ran into the refrigerator room , " she says . There have been others . Four rockets have landed within the borders of Nirim this week . She is also afraid of Hamas digging tunnels underneath the kibbutz and filling them with explosives . Collateral damage In Khan Yunis , neighbors poring through the ruins of what were homes has become a familiar sight . It happened again on Tuesday when Israeli warplanes flattened a house . It belonged to a member of the militant group Hamas ' military wing . And several men were forming a human shield on the roof . Before most strikes , the Israeli military makes warning calls , known as a "  knock on the roof , " to minimize civilian casualties . But , as cramped as Khan Yunis is , collateral damage is sometimes inevitable . Seven people died in the Tuesday attack , including two boys , ages 10 and 11 . "  In that house lived an old man and his wife and his five sons and their wives and their children and they hid , " said Ahmed , who does n't live too far from Rasha . "  Any Palestinian is a target . " When she hears about the deaths -- and she hears about them more and more each day -- Rasha is overcome with emotion . "  For the Palestinians , the people of Gaza Strip , all the people , " she says . It 's making everyone around have to get used to dying . Monitoring news Both she and Raemer obsessively monitor the news . "  I have three TVs in my house , " Raemer says . "  Sometimes all three are on . " The news these days is depressing , discouraging , dread-inducing . More than 130 rockets fired at Israeli civilians . More than 200 airstrikes in Gaza . More than two dozen Palestinians dead . About 1,000 Israeli reservists called up for military service . And yet , they ca n't tune it out . Rasha 's daughter wanted to get out of the house Tuesday and go to the university . But there were too many explosions outside . So she stayed in , with the TV on . They only have about six hours of spotty electricity a day , so they often fall back on their battery-powered radio to keep up . Jittery nerves At Nirim , every boom or hiss makes Raemer jump . She thinks she and her neighbors have signs of post-traumatic stress . She fights it with humor , posting instructions online about how to cook in the middle of a rocket attack . "  Cut , cut . Run ! Cook , cook . Run ! " she jokes . "  It takes a lot longer to cook your meal that way . " Since Tuesday , most of the rumbling around her has come from outgoing fire -- Israeli fire into Gaza . Those booms and roars come without warning and shake her . It 's worse for the children . Tal Tzukan and her husband , Dagan , live in Ohad , a community next door to Nirim . They have two daughters , ages 5 and 2 . Every time a door shuts hard or a loud car goes by , they flinch . She tries to keep them busy and takes them to a fortified kindergarten , for summer classes in arts and crafts . When sirens scream while they are on the road , she plucks the children from their Renault sedan , and ducks and covers with them on the ground . Her 5-year-old has caught on to what the sirens mean -- the hissing and crashing sound of rockets , the booms from across the border in Gaza , shaking their windows . So common are the sounds that their parrot has learned to imitate them . From her home , Tzukran can see the bombs bursting over Gaza and fears for parents there . "  It 's hard not to think about the same situation with little kids over there , " she says . Before Tzukran hangs up the phone she says that she still needs to get the most important thing off her chest : Peace . "  This is what we want and need for both sides ' sake . " Staying put It did n't used to be this way . Raemer has lived in Nirim since 1975 . She remembers a different time . She used to drive to Gaza in her car . A man from Gaza built her house . "  They are not my enemies , " she says . "  I have no doubt they want safety for their children . " Raemer is rooted in the kibbutz . Her grown son and daughter also live there and have safe houses in their homes . But after the first rockets fell , they left for central Israel . Raemer could have gone , too , but decided to stay back with her dogs . She interrupts the phone interview . "  There was just a boom . Did you hear it ? " Waiting for the war Rasha ca n't leave even if she wants to . The border crossings out of Gaza are closed . "  In all the world , there is nowhere like Gaza , " she says , "  a big jail for 2 million people . " So , she reads the Koran and waits for the war , which she is certain will come . Another day When night falls , Raemer hastily brushes her teeth , then hurries to bed in the safe room . The fighting heats up at night , and she feels safer in the fortress than in her bed . In Gaza , sleep does n't come easy , Rasha says . Children curl up to sleep in their mothers ' laps , too scared to fall unconscious lest the bombs drop . When the sun comes up , Raemer will spend her day running for her life . Rasha will spend it , she says , waiting for death . Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ? Gazans exhausted by crises , wars , clashes , upheavals	Adele Raemer is constantly dashing for her safe room , a bunker in her house In Gaza , Rasha sits at home in despair , feeling sure that a war is coming She has no place to run and says she has to get used to the idea of dying
Zintan , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan government said Sunday it had retaken the key town of Bir al-Ghanam after losing it briefly to rebel forces , but a rebel commander said his forces were holding onto the town . Bir al-Ghanam is about 85 kilometers  53 miles  southwest of the Libyan capital Tripoli . Its capture is significant because little else stands between Bir Al-Ghanam and the Libyan coastline where Tripoli is situated . After rebels gained control of the town Saturday , one rebel fighter told CNN the "  next step " was Tripoli . Libyan Prime Minister Baghdadi Al-Mahmoudi told reporters in Tripoli on Sunday that rebel forces had the town for only a few hours . Bir al-Ghanam "  is now back in the hands of the honorable brave tribes , with its surface back in normal life and under the control of the legitimate government of Libya , " Al-Mahmoudi said . But Nasr Abu al Qassem , who was in Zintan , about 70 km  43 miles  southwest of Bir al-Ghanam , said rebels remained at the front line in Bir Al-Ghanam and were being reinforced . The situation in the town was stable , he said . Some grad rockets were fired at the town from a distance Sunday morning , but no rebels were injured , he said . Rebel commanders said 1,500 opposition members joined in Saturday 's battle , which lasted five hours . Rockets and gunfire were exchanged from both sides , and rebels took on Gadhafi fighters from three fronts . At least eight rebels were killed and dozens more were wounded , according to medical sources . Casualties inflicted on Gadhafi forces were not immediately known . The fighters in Saturday 's attack were part of what some have dubbed a Mad Max army -- a fleet of pickup trucks modified to take heavy weapons speeding across the desert . Most of the men were civilians before the fighting broke out . For months , rebel fighters -- who have controlled the eastern city of Benghazi and other areas -- have been trying to move closer to the capital . They are seeking the ouster of Gadhafi , who has ruled Libya for 42 years . CNN 's Michael Holmes and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : A rebel commander says the opposition still has control of Bir al-Ghanam The town is 53 miles from Tripoli , with little between The Libyan PM says the town is back in the government 's control Rebels said 1,500 opposition members joined Saturday 's battle
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  Loistine Hoskin cared for her old car as a sentimental possession , missing a tire while parked beside her home , until one day the city ticketed her for having a "  derelict vehicle in driveway . " A tow truck took it away in 2009 . So began an odyssey with Ferguson police , municipal court and city hall that left her with $ 1,200 in fines that to this day she still does n't fully understand . She paid the sum because endless court hearings about the car wore her down . "  I do n't have a lawyer . I 'm not a lawyer . It 's me going up against the city of Ferguson when the attorneys wo n't help , " Hoskin said this week . She never saw again her 1996 Oldsmobile Ninety-Eight with 168,000 miles . Its location is a mystery . She accepts the loss because at least she 's not in jail , where city authorities threatened to put her at one point , she said . While Hoskin 's surrender of both car and $ 1,200 to the city may seem a matter of personal choice , the U.S. Justice Department revealed this week a "  pattern and practice " of racial discrimination within Ferguson that may lend credibility to Hoskin 's account of a government run amok . Just about every branch of Ferguson government -- police , municipal court , city hall -- participated in "  unlawful " targeting of African-American residents such as Hoskin for tickets and fines , the Justice Department concluded this week . The millions of dollars in fines and fees paid by black residents served an ultimate goal of satisfying "  revenue rather than public safety needs , " the Justice Department found . To the outside world , the federal findings were staggering , but to Hoskin and other longtime residents , the conclusion was nothing new . They 've felt it all along , they say . It 's only now that federal authorities have documented the institutionalized racism , as part of a civil rights investigation after a white police officer 's fatal shooting of an unarmed black teen , Michael Brown , 19 , last summer . The officer , Darren Wilson , was cleared of federal civil rights violations this week and was earlier cleared of criminal wrongdoing . The Justice Department is expected to pursue a court-supervised consent decree that requires the city of Ferguson to make changes to its police and courts . "  It 's definitely a vicious cycle , " said Hoskin , 64 , a retired airline reservation agent . "  Unfortunately for most people who are in this cycle , they continue to be in a downward spiral because they ca n't get jobs , they ca n't do anything , they ca n't pay the fines . " Hoskin 's household has experienced its share of ugly encounters with Ferguson police , the family said . Hoskin 's daughter was ticketed by police in what she described as racial profiling , she said . In 2007 , Kimberly Hoskin got a $ 124 ticket for driving her sister 's car , which was n't insured in Missouri , and then had to pay an additional $ 100 fine when she missed a court appearance because of an emergency appendectomy . The court , she said , rejected her medical excuse and issued a warrant for her arrest . She paid a total of $ 224 in fines because she was in the middle of a job search and did n't want an outstanding warrant to prevent her from getting a good job . "  Why is it that all the people in court are black ? " Kimberly Hoskin said of defendants in municipal court . "  I 've had so many police officers make a U-turn , follow me , run my plates , find out everything is OK , then turn around and go back in the direction they were going . "  There 's nothing we can do . In Ferguson , the police do what they want to do . Ferguson does what it wants , " said Kimberly Hoskin , 35 , who now works the overnight shift on a General Motors manufacturing line . City officials and police declined to respond to CNN 's requests this week for comment about the Hoskin family 's assertions . Last September , the City Council repealed administrative fees imposed by police when overseeing the release of a towed vehicle , the mayor said . The city also no longer has a specific offense for failing to appear in court , which eliminates certain additional fees and court costs , the mayor said . The Justice Department 's report details how Ferguson operated a vertically integrated system -- from street cop to court clerk to judge to city administration to city council -- to raise revenue for the city budget through increased ticketing and fining . Ferguson 's budget increases were so sizable that city officials exhorted police and court staff to levy more and more fines and tickets against violators , who turned out to be largely African-American , the Justice Department said . The demands for revenue were so intense that the police department had "  little concern with how officers do this , " even disciplining officers who failed to issue an average of 28 tickets a month , the Justice Department report said . Officers competed "  to see who could issue the largest number of citations during a single stop , " the Justice Department said . One apparent winner was an officer who issued 14 tickets at a single encounter , according to the federal investigation report . Many police stops of civilians "  have little relation to public safety and a questionable basis in law , " the report said . Ferguson police chief mum on federal report Indeed , Ferguson enjoyed so much success in issuing tickets and fines that Ferguson , population 21,000 , was ranked in the top eight of the 80 municipal courts in St. Louis County by having more than $ 1 million in revenue in 2010 , the report said . When Ferguson court revenues exceeded $ 2 million in 2012 , the city manager responded to the police chief in an internal email : "  Awesome ! Thanks ! " according to the federal report . Even municipal judges were pressured to boost revenue . "  The city has made clear to the police chief and the municipal judge that revenue generation must also be a priority in court operations , " the federal investigation found . The city finance director said in a 2011 report that the municipal judge had been successful since 2003 in increasing court collections , and that internal 2011 city report noted a judge 's statement that "  none of these changes could have taken place without the cooperation of the court clerk , the chief of police , and the prosecutor 's office , " the Justice Department investigation found . Cash filled the city treasury . By 2013 , revenue from enforcing municipal codes reached $ 2.46 million , the federal report said . By 2015 , the city anticipated that fines and fees would account for 23 % of the budget , or $ 3.09 million of $ 13.26 million in general fund expenses , the Justice Department found . Just five years earlier , court fines and fees made up only 12 % of the budget , or $ 1.38 million of $ 11.07 million in general fund revenues , the Justice Department found . The fines were among the highest of surrounding municipalities . For example , area parking fines ranged from $ 5 to $ 100 , but Ferguson 's parking fine was $ 102 . A fine for "  weeds/tall grass " was $ 5 in one nearby city , but Ferguson 's fine ranged from $ 77 to $ 102 , the Justice Department found . The federal government made a forceful conclusion : "  City , police and court officials for years have worked in concert to maximize revenue at every stage of the enforcement process , beginning with how fines and fine enforcement processes are established , " the federal report said . After the Justice Department 's announcement this week , Ferguson Mayor James Knowles told reporters that he , Police Chief Tom Jackson and City Attorney Stephanie Karr met with federal officials about their findings and initiated several initiatives , including reforms to the municipal court . Knowles said municipal judges have created a docket for alleged offenders having trouble paying fines . Also , a defendant may ask a judge or prosecutor about different payment plans or alternative sentencing , the mayor said . Defendants have been required to pay an entire fine at once , regardless of ability to pay , the federal report said . The city also passed an ordinance last September to cap municipal court revenues at 15 % of the city 's overall budget , the mayor said . That figure is half Missouri 's legal limit , he added . All the reforms are intended to "  move this city , its residents and our entire community forward , " the mayor said . Back at her home , Loistine Hoskin recalled the height of absurdity in her fight against the city , which occurred shortly after her husband , Calvin , died in 2008 of complications from paralysis he suffered in a car accident three years earlier . She had been his caregiver . She appeared in court to appeal the citation , but an officer arrested her and put her in the back of the squad car . Her offense ? Failing to appear in court , she said . She spent four hours in jail . She insists she made every court date . For now , she lives in fear of the police , even at home . "  We just got to a point where we said we 're just not going to have anyone over -- because they were fearful when they left they would get some ticket , and they did n't even live here , " Hoskin said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Tristan Smith contributed from Ferguson . Michael Martinez reported and wrote this story from Los Angeles .	Loistine Hoskin gave up fighting the city , paying $ 1,200 in fines over a broken-down car Her daughter recounts how she was racially profiled for a $ 124 ticket Ferguson mayor announces reforms so his troubled town can move forward
It 's not every day that White House has to defend its decision to nominate a soap opera producer to represent the country on one of the highest diplomatic levels . But it was that kind of Tuesday . Asked at the daily press briefing what makes "  The Bold and The Beautiful " producer Colleen Bell qualified to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Hungary , White House spokesman Josh Earnest did n't exactly have an explanation . "  She 's  somebody who obviously has succeeded in , you know , in the business world , " Earnest said . "  And she is somebody that the President has confidence will be able to maintain our relationship with the government and the people of Hungary . " Earnest also denied that Bell 's hand in raising millions of dollars for the President 's re-election campaign had anything to do with her appointment . "  Well , I can tell you that that 's not the reason she was chosen , " he said . Earnest said the reason Bell was nominated for the post was because the President "  has complete confidence in her ability to represent the United States in that country . " But not everyone will be satisfied with that answer . Just hours before , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , blasted Bell 's nomination on the Senate floor . "  We 're about to vote on a totally unqualified individual to be ambassador to a nation which is very important to our national security interests , " he said . "  I am not against political appointees ... but here we are , a nation that 's on the verge of seceded its sovereignty to a neo-fascist dictator getting in bed with Vladimir Putin and we 're gon na send the producer of ` The Bold and the Beautiful ' as our ambassador , " McCain said . Bell was confirmed to the position Tuesday by a Democrat-led Senate . The chamber also confirmed Noah Mamet , another Democratic fundraiser , as the ambassador to Argentina . This is not the first diplomatic position the President has selected Bell for . In 2010 , Obama appointed Bell to the President 's Advisory Committee on the Arts at the Kennedy Center . â $ `	A soap opera producer was appointed U.S. Ambassador to Hungary by President Barack Obama A White House spokesman says Colleen Bell 's campaign fundraising role was not the reason she was chosen
CNN  -- When doctors risk their lives and sacrifice their livelihoods to go to West Africa and provide desperately needed treatment to those suffering from Ebola , what should be their reward upon coming home ? Three weeks off , some say -- whether they like it or not . The governors of New York and New Jersey instituted just such a policy Friday , announcing that airport screening will be stepped up in their states and that any arriving passengers who 'd recently been in the West African nations hit hardest by Ebola could be hospitalized or quarantined for up to 21 days -- sick or not . Measures such as these would affect people who lived in or traveled to countries such as Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , where all but a handful of the more than 10,000 documented Ebola cases and almost 5,000 deaths have occurred . And it would also impact those who brought their medical expertise to West Africa , doing what they could to prevent more people from dying or spreading the disease . So there 's a tradeoff : Should the focus of American policy be to do everything to prevent anyone from the most ravaged regions from entering the United States , even if it discourages health care workers from going there ? On Saturday , the Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention said that it sets the baseline recommended standards , but state and local officials have the prerogative to set tighter policies . "  When it comes to the federal standards set by the CDC , we will consider any measures that we believe have the potential to make the American people safer , " the CDC said in a statement . Some U.S. lawmakers , such as Rep. Andy Harris , favor a strict three-week quarantine .  That time duration is significant because it takes anywhere from two to 21 days from the time a person is exposed to Ebola to when he or she shows symptoms of it ; if more time than that passes without symptoms , a person is considered Ebola-free . "  In return from being allowed to come back into the country from a place where a deadly disease is endemic , you 'd have to enter a quarantine facility and be supervised for 21 days , " the Maryland Republican told CNN . Some , though , think such a policy would be counterproductive . It might prevent some cases of Ebola in the United States over the short term , they say , but over the long run it could backfire if highly trained American doctors have even more incentive not to head to Africa to help corral the disease . Dr. John Carlson , a pediatric immunologist at Tulane University , is one of them . He has spent four weeks working with Ebola patients at a hospital in Freetown , Sierra Leone , and is scheduled to return to New Orleans on Saturday . Health care workers already sacrifice a lot by volunteering their time to help those who most need it ; tacking on more time or not being able to venture out in public or go to work might seem like a punishment , discouraging people like him from doing it again . "  If I lose three weeks on my return and do n't get to do the work I 'm supposed to do , " Carlson said , referring to his job at Tulane , "  means this would n't be workable for me . " CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden expressed a similar view earlier this month , arguing that stringent travel restrictions might create more problems than they solve . "  It makes it hard to get health workers in , because they ca n't get out , " he said . "  If we make it harder to respond to the outbreak in West Africa , it will spread not only in those three countries  in West Africa hit hardest by Ebola  but to other parts of Africa and ultimately increase the risk here " in the United States . Official : New guidelines coming ` shortly ' That said , change may be coming . Some of it may come at the state level , as happened in New York and New Jersey . That policy shift was spurred by the hospitalization of Dr. Craig Spencer , a Doctors Without Borders physician who 'd treated Ebola patients in Guinea and arrived at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport on October 17 ; he eventually was diagnosed with Ebola . Since then , a female health care worker who had recently been in West Africa developed a fever , hours after touching down at northern New Jersey 's Newark Liberty Airport with no apparent symptons , New Jersey Health Department spokesman Donna Leusner said . A preliminary test showed that the woman does not have Ebola , New Jersey officials said Saturday . But the unidentified woman will remain in quarantine at a hospital in Newark for at least 21 days . Quarantined woman tests negative for Ebola The new policy in New York and New Jersey allows the states to determine hospitalization or quarantine for up to 21 days for travelers from the affected countries . A mandatory quarantine is called for those who had "  direct contact with an individual infected with the Ebola virus , " including medical workers who treated Ebola patients . In addition , people with a travel history to the affected regions but with no direct contact with Ebola patients will be "  actively monitored ... and , if necessary , quarantined . " Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn similarly ordered "  a mandatory 21-day home quarantine for high-risk individuals who have had direct contact with an individual infected with the Ebola virus while in Liberia , Sierra Leone or Guinea , " according to a release Friday from his office . Those affected by the order -- which will be implemented by local health departments -- include "  any high-risk medical personnel . " "  This protective measure is too important to be voluntary , " said Quinn . "  We must take every step necessary to ensure the people of Illinois are protected from potential exposure to the Ebola virus . " Such measures are on top of the federal policy requiring all travelers coming to the United States from Ebola-affected areas to be actively monitored for 21 days , starting Monday . Already , such travelers landing in New York 's Kennedy , Dulles International , New Jersey 's Newark Liberty International , Chicago 's O'Hare International and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International must go through enhanced screening . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said Friday that the federal government 's policies could change even more . "  That is something that is right now under very active discussion , and you 'll be hearing shortly about what the guidelines will be , " Fauci said , answering a reporter 's question about quarantines . Timeline of first Ebola patient in NYC ` Eliminate not just real risk , but perceived risk ' Some experts say there might be some middle ground between the two extremes of physically confining people in one place for 21 days or just letting them do whatever they want  beyond , as is now recommended , taking their temperature daily and monitoring themselves for other symptoms  . One possibility is to have those travelers do more than temperature checks . Dr. Irwin Redlener , director of Columbia University 's National Center for Disaster Preparedness , says one such measure could be checking daily for decreases in white blood cell counts or platelets -- which could be , but are n't necessarily , a sign of an Ebola infection . And Mike Osterholm , an infectious disease epidemiologist at the University of Minnesota , thinks there should be stricter controls on what a person who arrives from West Africa does in his or her first three weeks in the United States . For instance , he thinks such a person should n't take public transportation or go to crowded places like bowling alleys , both of which officials say Spencer did before he was symptomatic . How the Ebola virus spreads Public health experts say there 's plenty of scientific evidence indicating that there 's very little chance that a random person will get Ebola , unless they are in very close contact -- close enough to share bodily fluids -- with someone who has it . Still , there 's also a sense that authorities have to do something because of Americans ' fears -- rational or not -- and belief that the country is better off being safe than sorry . As Osterholm says , "  You want to try to eliminate not just real risk , but perceived risk . " Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	New York , New Jersey announce stricter policies for those coming from West Africa Some say something similar , or more stringent , should be instituted nationwide But the CDC director and others worry it may discourage doctors from helping in Africa
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel claimed his second successive pole position of the Formula One season as Red Bull dominated qualifying at the Australian Grand Prix on Saturday . The German clocked a track record of one minute 23.919 seconds in front of a crowd of 82,000 in Melbourne , while teammate Mark Webber gave fans hope of a home victory by coming home in second in 1:24.035 . Red Bull team boss Christian Horner was delighted , though was a little worried about bad weather forecast for Sunday 's race . "  Inclement weather looks as if it 's looming for tomorrow afternoon , but there 's no better place to start the race than from the front , " he told the official Formula One Web site . "  Our strategy was slightly different to the other teams with our tire choice in Q1 and Q2 , but both drivers did excellent jobs and we 're in good shape for Sunday . " Fernando Alonso , who won the opening race of 2010 in Bahrain after leader Vettel suffered spark plug problems , will start third on the grid after clocking 1:24.111 . His Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa was back in fifth with a time of 1:24.837 . World champion Jenson Button , who won last year 's race from pole -- the third successive driver to do so following Kimi Raikkonen and Lewis Hamilton -- was fourth in 1:24.675 . His McLaren teammate Hamilton failed to make it into the third and final round of qualifying and will start from 11th place . The British driver , world champion in 2008 , said his performance was not affected by his run-in with police on Friday after being caught speeding in his Mercedes . "  It was silly but it is one of those things you learn from . It was not a good experience but I move forward . We all make mistakes and I apologize , " Friday 's practice pacesetter Hamilton told reporters . Nico Rosberg again outperformed his older teammate Michael Schumacher as he qualified sixth for Mercedes in 1:24.884 . Seven-time world champion Schumacher , who was sixth in his comeback race in Bahrain , was next fastest in 1:24.927 . Williams veteran Rubens Barrichello was eighth , ahead of Renault 's Robert Kubica , with Force India driver Adrian Sutil rounding out the top-10 . The new teams again struggled , with Lotus , Virgin and HRT filling the bottom six places as they failed to make it past the first session .	Sebastian Vettel seeks to be fourth successive driver to win from pole in Melbourne German wins pole position from Red Bull teammate Mark Webber at Australian Grand Prix Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso third ahead of world champion Jenson Button of McLaren Nico Rosberg in sixth again outperforms Mercedes teammate Michael Schumacher
CNN  -- Swimming superstar Michael Phelps once claimed he scoffed up to 12,000 calories a day . Usain Bolt 's big sprint rival Yohan Blake says he chomps 16 ripe bananas every 24 hours . A tiny Japanese athlete easily tucked away 50 pieces of sushi after training , while another marathon runner gobbled plates of raw mince . Or how about the weightlifter who drinks the first milk of a cow that has just given birth ? With extreme eating habits like these , it may be some surprise to learn that within the Olympic Village there lurks a culinary trap that can potentially tip athletes over the fine line between success and failure at London 2012 . Competitors spend years honing their bodies to perfection , scrupulously eating the right foods , avoiding the wrong ones ... and then ? They encounter the Olympic Dining Hall . With a McDonald 's at one end and machines dispensing other sponsors ' soft drinks and confectionery , the giant eating area provides mountains of fodder from around the world -- a full gamut of gluttony from one extreme of the health spectrum to the other . Cooking for an Olympic champ : A recipe for success It 's a 5,000-capacity , 24-hour facility where organizers expect 25,000 loaves of bread , 232 tons of potatoes , 75,000 liters of milk and more than 330 tons of fruit and vegetables to be consumed by the time the Games finish on August 12 . Some 1.2 million meals will be served -- 60,000 a day . "  For the younger athletes it 's an exciting new experience , " says sports scientist Jess Corones , who works with the Australian Olympic swim team . "  It 's all free . There 's thousands of athletes and there 's pretty much every kind of cuisine that you could possibly want . There 's a stand that gives you unlimited McDonald 's , there 's machines that pump out unlimited amounts of soft drinks for you . "  That 's exciting and it can be a distraction for them . They think , ` Oh this is so cool , ' and they just run to it -- but you have to remind them that it 'll still be there when they 've finished competing and that until they 've finished competing they 've got to stay on their normal routine . " What passes for "  normal " can vary wildly . Phelps , after winning a record eight gold medals at Beijing 2008 , told NBC that he gorged on carbohydrate-heavy pasta and pizza at the height of his extreme training . Jamaica 's 100-meter world champion Blake says he eats so many bananas to keep up his potassium levels . British weightlifter Jake Oliver says that every morning he drinks a shake containing colostrum -- a protein-rich form of milk produced during the late stages of cows ' pregnancy . "  I 've tried to get people to try it , but they wo n't . Just the smell of it is enough to put people off , " he told UK newspaper The Guardian . Or even Japan 's former Olympic marathon champion Naoko Takahashi , a diminutive runner who told CNN she could consume about 2 kg of fish after a big session . "  I only ate twice a day . But I ate a lot , " said Takahashi , who won gold at Sydney 2000 and now works in television . British Olympian explains her ideal meals However , it 's rare for athletes to eat quite that much , says Corones , who first worked with Australia 's track and field team at the 2004 Athens Games . Phelps actually admitted this year that the report of his gargantuan appetite was a myth , saying such intake would be impossible . "  I find it hard to believe , " Corones said . "  I tell you what , if he is eating that he 's got a pretty exceptional metabolism ! The only people that I 've seen eat close to that are the hammer throwers , and they all weigh in at 120 kilos . " Corones has had some experience of quirky diets though , citing Australia 's Ethiopia-born marathon runner Sisay Bezabeh from the 2004 team . "  We had our camp in Italy and all he used to eat every dinner was a bowl of raw mince . I found it quite disgusting but he needed iron for his running , and that 's what he did . You would n't get many athletes doing that these days . " Good nutrition from a young age can be vital if you want to be an elite athlete . Becky Stevenson , a British dietitian based in the Netherlands , has researched the importance of vitamin D for improving performance and avoiding injury . She cites reports that showed Chinese adolescent girls with adequate vitamin D had "  significant higher bone mass and muscle strength . " Questions have been raised about teenage swimmer Ye Shiwen 's incredible performances at London 2012 , but such research has yet to prove that high levels of vitamin D could be a contributing factor to her success . "  We know low levels may impact muscle strength and bone turnover , but if an athlete has adequate levels there is no evidence of an enhanced benefit to performance , so natural talent and athletic ability is more likely , " Stevenson told CNN . Meanwhile , studies have shown that young athletes in northern European countries such as Britain , Finland and Germany often suffer from vitamin D deficiency . Proper levels can reduce the risk of stress fractures , inflammatory injuries and upper respiratory tract infections . "  You can get vitamin D in food sources  such as eggs , dairy and fish  but it 's not as effective as sunshine production , " Stevenson said . "  Those at risk are athletes training at 35 degrees or above latitude -- northern Europe , north China , North America -- as UVB rays are inadequate during the winter months from November to April . "  When we measured our elite tennis players we only found one athlete who was marginal with vitamin D , as he had been injured and was rehabbing indoors . "  There needs to be more research evidence looking at vitamin D and injury prevention -- most of the work is retrospective . " Most athletes use supplements to bolster their dietary intake , everything from everyday vitamins such as magnesium and iron plus products such as whey protein , creatine , carnitine and branched-chain amino acids  BCAAs  specifically aimed at improving performance and recovery . But , with drug-testing standards improving year by year and the list of banned substances also increasing , there is a strong onus for athletes to be acutely aware of everything they put in their mouth . "  Most athletes are using quite a few supplements . They live an extreme life , the amount of training they do is extreme , they exercise way outside what the normal person would do , so it is important to supplement their diet , " Corones says . "  There is a very fine line and it 's something that athletes need to stay on top of . The onus is 100 % on the athlete and we make that very clear to them from a young age that they are responsible for what goes in their mouth . No matter if it comes from their coach or their parents or their brother or their friend , they have to know what they 're putting in their body . "  You might trust your coach 100 % but if he gives you a bottle of tablets and tells you it 's iron , it 's still your responsibility to get that checked . We have hotlines where the athletes can call up and check anything , so it 's pretty easy to find out if it 's okay to take . " At this stage , with the Games underway and many athletes still waiting to begin their competitions , the emphasis is on refinement as opposed to strength building . "  It varies depending on where we are in the year , " says Corones , who works for the New South Wales Institute of Sport in Sydney . "  Earlier on we want them to be carrying a bit of extra weight to reduce the chances of injury and illness , but then when it gets down to racing it 's stripped down to the bare minimum , " she says . "  We do n't really get them to count calories , we more look at what areas of food groups they 're eating from . You 're looking at getting quality fats , making sure you get enough carbohydrates , and also the timing of the meal -- if you 're swimming or doing gym . "  If you 're doing gym there 's a greater mechanical breakdown of the muscle so we need to eat more protein post the session , with a little bit pre the session . " A big part of Corones ' job is making sure athletes learn the right food habits -- and this generally means breaking eating patterns formed at a young age . "  It 's a pretty big education process for the athletes . There are still some that struggle with that concept that the less processed it is , the better it is for them , " she says . "  Often early on in their careers , in their young teens , they do a lot of training and they want to grab the first thing that 's quickest available because they 're always hungry after training . So they get in the habit of having a bucket of hot chips after every training session . Obviously that 's not great so we try to break those habits . "  We often find that the processed foods -- with the high salt and the high sugar content in them -- that the body can crave them . It 's about trying to break those cycles and get them eating as well as they can . "	Athletes face big food temptations in the Olympic Village dining hall It is open 24 hours and can seat 5,000 people , serving 60,000 daily meals Many competitors have extreme eating habits but taper off at Games time They have to be responsible for everything they put in their mouth , says dietitian
CNN  -- A federal judge ruled Thursday that the Tennessee Valley Authority is liable for a coal ash spill in eastern Tennessee in which a massive mixture of toxic ash and water blanketed approximately 300 acres . " ... had TVA followed its own mandatory policies , procedures , and practices , the subsurface issues underlying the failure of North Dike would have been investigated , addressed , and potentially remedied before the catastrophic failure of December 22 , 2008 , " U.S. District Judge Thomas A. Varlan wrote in his 130-page decision . Plaintiffs have three weeks to file briefs recommending how the court should proceed in the next phase -- in which they must show they are entitled to relief . From the archives : Months after ash spill , Tennessee town still choking In a statement , TVA said its "  commitment has not wavered -- to clean up the spill , protect the public health and safety , restore the area , and , where justified , fairly compensate people who were directly impacted . " It added , "  TVA remains committed to the full restoration of the community directly impacted by the spill , while being mindful of our responsibility to manage ratepayer dollars . " TVA said it has bought more than 180 properties , settled more than 200 other claims from area residents and gave $ 43 million to the Roane County Economic Development Foundation . It predicted the recovery project will continue through 2015 . The spill began before dawn when the walls of a dam holding back more than 1 billion gallons of coal ash waste stored in a retention pond at TVA 's Kingston Fossil Plant , 35 miles west of Knoxville , trembled and crumbled . The mixture of water and ash , enough to fill nearly 800 Olympic-sized swimming pools , fouled the adjacent Emory River . There were no deaths , but three homes were destroyed and about a dozen others damaged . The spill contained toxic materials such as arsenic , selenium , lead , chromium and barium . But the TVA and the federal Environmental Protection Agency have reported that air and drinking water in the area were safe and that the levels of toxic substances did not exceed federal standards . Thursday 's decision was followed closely by nearby residents . "  I 'm absolutely thrilled , " said Sarah McCoin , who lives on the banks of the Emory River , about a mile from where the spill occurred . "  It 's just a huge accomplishment for our community and for other communities much like ours that are sitting in coal ash zones . " The ruling not only sets a precedent , she said , "  it also allows people to hope that what happened to us will never happen to them . " McCoin , 56 , said property values have sunk for the 40-acre farm that has been in her family for generations . "  Would you spend your money to live here ? " she asked . "  No . Nobody would . " The possibility of long-term health effects remains a concern from the disaster , she said . "  It 's infiltrated so much of our lives you start to become numb to it : The water 's not good , do n't swim in the river , do n't eat the fish , if you fall overboard , hurry up and get back on your kayak . " In 2010 , Tennessee state officials slapped the TVA with $ 11.5 million in fines after the state 's Department of Environment and Conservation determined that the authority had violated state clean-water and solid waste disposal laws . The TVA itself agreed to pay $ 40 million for economic development projects in Kingston in 2009 as part of a larger fund set up for cleanup efforts .	Judge says TVA failed to follow its own mandatory policies , procedures and practices Plaintiffs have three weeks to say why they should be compensated TVA says it remains committed to cleaning up the spill , protecting public health The catastrophic event occurred in December 2008
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- The downing of a Turkish jet over the Mediterranean last Friday by a Syrian missile took Turkish-Syrian tensions to a new level . Though the Turkish government did not declare war as some expected , and others feared , it did declare Syria a "  clear and present danger " and raised its rules of engagement to an alert level . How we came to this point is an interesting story . The 550-mile long border with Syria , Turkey 's longest , has often been tense . During the Cold War , Syria was a Soviet ally , Turkey was a NATO member  as it still is  and the border was heavily mined . Moreover , Hafez Assad , the father and predecessor of Syria 's current dictator , Bashar al-Assad , supported and hosted the PKK , the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party , which has led a guerrilla war against Turkey since the early '80s .  PKK is defined by Turkey and the United States as a terrorist group .  Turkey had come close to waging a war against Syria in 1999 because of this PKK connection . Turkey moves forces to Syrian border amid tensions , official says However , the relations surprisingly changed for the better in the first decade of the new century . Bashar al-Assad , who replaced his father in 2000 , seemed to promise a more open and friendly Syria . In Turkey , the Justice and Development Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan , which came to power in 2002 , initiated a foreign policy of "  zero problems with neighbors . " This led to a fruitful Turkish-Syrian rapprochment : Erdogan and Assad became friends , trade between the two countries was boosted , and borders were opened for visa-free travel . Just two years ago , the two countries looked like the core states of a would-be Middle Eastern Union modeled after the EU . But this honeymoon came to an abrupt end with the Arab Spring . The Erdogan government , whose claims include democratizing Turkey by saving it from the tutelage of the country 's overbearing military , intuitively sympathized with and announced support for this democratic wave in the region . Yet while this proved to be a winning game in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya , Syria turned out to be a tougher case . Throughout the initial months of the demonstrations in Syria , which began in March 2011 , the Turkish government hoped and tried to persuade al-Assad 's regime to allow a peaceful transition to democracy . This hope was gradually replaced by frustration , however , and Erdogan soon began to condemn the "  barbarism " and "  savagery " of the Syrian regime . The trouble for him , as it usually is , was also personal : As he said in the Turkish Parliament on June 21 , Assad had promised him change and reform but proved to be a liar instead . Consequently , Turkey rapidly emerged as one of the boldest supporters of the Syrian opposition , and the Syrian National Council , formed as the dissidents ' umbrella group , found a base in Turkey . Meanwhile , at least 15,000 refugees from Syria , both dissidents and their families , were given shelter on the Turkish side of the Syrian border . Moreover , the Free Syrian Army , a rebel group formed by the Syrian soldiers who deserted to the opposition 's side , not only operated from Turkey but , according to some reports , were helped with arms and other supplies as well . The Syrian response was to add Turkey to its own version of the axis of evil -- the United States , NATO , Saudi Arabia and in fact much of the rest of the world -- in its official propaganda . Inside Turkey , this engagement in the Syrian crisis has supporters and critics . The supporters are mostly Sunni conservatives who strongly identify with the Syrian opposition , which include the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood .  The massacre of thousands of Sunnis in Hama in 1982 by Hafez Assad had been a tragic memory in the minds of these conservative Turks , who now believe that the Syrian leopard has simply not changed its spots . Other voices in Turkey , ranging from hardcore secularists to pro-Iranian marginal Islamists , accuse the government for being naively involved in a conflict cooked up by "  Western imperialists . " The plane incident came on top of all this . The downed jet was apparently an unarmed but military aircraft which , according to the Turkish government , was on a peaceful mission to test the NATO radar system based in eastern Turkey . Syrians said the plane violated Syrian airspace and was shot within it . The Turkish government said the plane violated the Syrian airspace "  mistakenly and very briefly " but was hit by a Syrian missile despite immediately having reverted to international airspace . The plane 's two pilots , who apparently fell to the sea , are missing . The Turkish reaction to the incident was outlined by Erdogan in an address in the parliament that came four days after the incident . In a very strident tone against the "  bloody dictator of Syria , " Erdogan announced that Turkey now sees its southern neighbor as a "  clear and present danger " and will change its rules of engagement : "  Any military element that approaches the Turkish border from Syria by posing a security risk will be regarded as a threat , and will be treated as a military target . " The very same day , some Turkish tanks on the Syrian border were repositioned , implying that Ankara meant business . Yet almost no one in Turkey seems enthusiastic for war . Many here point out that Turkey 's ascendance in the past decade has been thanks to its "  soft power . " That mainly rested on the country 's economic boom and democratic reforms , which seemed to present a synthesis of Islam , free-market capitalism and political liberalism . Photos : In Syrian hospital , no escape from war But should Turkey now consider putting some "  hard power " on the table , without which it might become ineffective in its region ? This is a question that Turks are passionately discussing these days , and the answer seems to matter a lot for the Syrians as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mustafa Akyol .	Mustafa Akyol : Syria downing of Turkish plane has brought countries ' tensions to new level He says relations had evolved to friendly until Arab Spring ; Syria aggression opened new divide He says Turkey 's Erdogan had tried to ease Syria to peace , but now it 's in military posture Akyol : Turkey used "  soft power " to gain regional strength . Must it use "  hard power ' to keep it ?
CNN  -- You might think the Senate was debating a bill about the politically influential Koch brothers over the last two days -- various Democratic senators criticized them more than 20 times on the floor as they decried the influence of money in politics . "  We 've witnessed the Koch brothers trying to buy America -- untold millions hoping to get a government that will serve them and make them more money , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Tuesday . "  How many individual donations does it take to get the same time to present your case as the Koch brothers ' spending , say , $ 3 million ? " asked Sen. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon . What 's at stake in the 2014 midterms ? But the debate , which resumed Wednesday , is on a proposed constitutional amendment allowing broader regulation of campaign finance and reversing the Supreme Court 's ruling permitting unlimited election spending by businesses . After several years of attacks by various Democrats , allies of the billionaires Charles and David Koch , who had in past years rarely publicly contest critics , are now fighting back against criticism aimed at them . And they 're trying to going on offense . Who are the Koch brothers ? "  It is imperative we speak out , that I speak out ... to set the record straight , " Mark Holden , senior vice president and general counsel for Koch Industries , told CNN . The brothers ' business is centered on Koch Industries , a major privately held conglomerate of companies producing fuel , paper , chemicals , electronics and fertilizer products . It employs 60,000 people in the U.S. Opinion : The truth about the Koch agenda Several of the politically active organizations affiliated with the Kochs , such as Freedom Partners , Americans for Prosperity and Generation Opportunity , are major players on the Republican side . These nonprofit groups are controversial because they do n't have to disclose the names of their donors or the amounts of their gifts because they are classified as tax-exempt . How much the Kochs themselves have given to them is unknown . It has been estimated these groups , which are some of Republicans ' biggest boosters , could spend $ 290 million on television ads this year . According to a recent study from the nonprofit Center for Public Integrity , a group of six entities linked to the Kochs aired 43,900 TV ads this election cycle -- nearly one out of every 10 spots -- signifying their prominence . Holden said how these groups operate is similar to how more liberal-oriented ones do , highlighting an organization called the Democracy Alliance , which supports major groups in the progressive movement . "  We are not going to back down , " Holden said . "  I want to make sure people understand the hypocrisy by the Democrats . " "  I respect their rights not to disclose , " Holden added . "  They are hypocritical . They attack us . " The Democracy Alliance and many of the groups supported by it also do n't have to disclose their donors because of how they are organized through the tax code . One difference , however , is the alliance does not directly give money to Democratic-aligned groups it supports , including the Center for American Progress , America Votes and the Center for Community Change . A requirement of alliance membership , however , includes giving at least $ 200,000 to entities it supports . A chart being circulated on Capitol Hill among conservatives detailing the reach of the Democracy Alliance was provided to CNN by a conservative activist involved in campaign strategy . According to the alliance 's spring investment booklet , first reported by Politico , the 21 groups at the core of its portfolio intend to spend $ 200 million this year to help support candidates and agenda priorities . The alliance estimated that $ 39 million of that would come from alliance donors , with the rest coming from other supporters . "  They are spending more . They are doing more , " Holden told CNN speaking of some of the groups on the left supported by the Alliance , such as The American Constitution Society , which advocates on the makeup of appellate courts , and pushed for changes in Senate filibuster rules regarding judicial nominations . He said he does n't "  think it is going to stop any time soon . " Gara LaMarche , president of the Democracy Alliance , disputed that assertion . "  While we appreciate the Koch brothers ' backhanded compliments that our network is better coordinated and more effective , the real difference is this : Democracy Alliance donors will probably always be outspent by our counterparts on the right , but we are having a greater impact because our vision aligns with American values , " LaMarche said in a statement to CNN . "  DA  Democracy Alliance  members are wealthy individuals and families who are trying to end the corrupting influence of money in the world and advance a world in which one person 's vote counts for more than their bank account . " Organized labor launches "  Koch Sisters " campaign As Election Day nears -- and the Democratic attacks on the Kochs surely intensify -- Holden , who has granted interviews to several major media outlets this week , including The Washington Post and CNN , promised to talk to as many people as possible to spread his message about the hypocrisy he sees coming from the left . CNN political producer Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	A debate over restrictions on campaign spending turns into a debate about the Koch brothers Billionaires Charles and David Koch have contributed millions to conservative causes A Koch spokesman says they 're doing the same things that the opposition is
CNN  -- "  My beat is looking for ways to create a future which is sustainable , dynamic , prosperous and fair -- a future which is both bright and green . " Alex Steffen , eco-crusader and founder of Seattle-based environmental Web site Worldchanging.com , wants to save the world ; and he thinks we 've got 25 years to do it . Alex Steffen , founder of Worldchanging.com "  Our climate is ripping apart at the seams at a rate that 's surprising even the so-called alarmists , " he writes . "  Natural systems are collapsing . The ocean seems headed towards a series of catastrophic tipping points . Economic inequity is producing a planet of billionaires and a billion desperate people . " Steffen says the world 's challenge stems from the inherently unsustainable systems embedded in our culture . He quotes statistics that say we 're each using 2.3 hectares of land to support ourselves , instead of the 1.9 per person available . But , he adds , we 're not sharing the world 's resources fairly . "  The average American uses nearly 10 hectares , the average Chinese uses only about one and a half , while the average Pakistani has only about 6/10 of a hectare , " he says . Steffen and his friends were hanging out one day , talking about how potentially world-changing solutions were n't getting media coverage . As Steffen said to CNN , "  There was plenty of space for talking about what was going wrong , but very little for talking about how to make things go better . " So they decided to do something about it . "  We decided that -- as a little bit of a hobby project really -- we 'd start a blog called Worldchanging and note all the various solutions we found that we thought were interesting . " Within six months , the site was so successful that Steffen had to give up his day job . Three and a half years later , Worldchanging.com is one of the most popular environmental campaigning sites on the Internet and has led to the publication of a successful companion book , "  Worldchanging : A User 's Guide to the 21st Century . " The site -- and the book -- cover all aspects of sustainability , from living spaces to locally-produced food to green advocacy , and focuses on cutting-edge developments . Steffen 's team of writers , a mixture of journalists , scientists , architects , academics and designers , share his passion for positive thinking . "  It 's really a kind of fun , amorphous group . It 's almost more of a tribe than a business in some ways , " he told CNN . And they pull no punches when it comes to the future of the planet . Steffen is bold enough to state the harsh truths that refusing a plastic bag , turning the TV off standby or switching to a duel-fuel car is n't enough to turn things around . He 's frustrated by the rise of the eco-consumer and its embracement by the media , which he describes as "  muddle-headed , style-over-substance , ` lite green ' environmentalism . " He calls this "  greenwashing . " "  We do n't need more carpool lanes . We need to eliminate fossil fuels from our economy , " he writes . "  We do n't need more recycling bins . We need to create a closed-loop , biomimetic , neobiological industrial system . We do n't need to attend a tree-planting ceremony . We need to become expert at ecosystem management and gardening the planet ... We need a bright green revolution . " This might sound extreme , but Steffen is in touch with a large audience who share his beliefs and his vision for the future . He describes them as "  some of the best people -- people who really care and are working really hard to try and make a difference . " And Steffen 's lasting message is that each one of us can -- and should -- make that difference . He says , "  Fundamentally , sustainability is a small problem writ big by six billion people . Each of us has a part to play on that team in making this new society possible . " ... . What do you think of Alex Steffen 's vision ? Do you think we can avert environmental disaster ? Tell us in the forum -- or read others ' thoughts on the future . E-mail to a friend	Eco-crusader says we have 25 years left to save the world One-time hobby blog now highly popular environmental campaigning site Steffen frustrated by eco-consumerism - says green revolution is essential Sustainability is key for survival of the planet
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In 2004 , even after being captured by U.S. forces , Saddam Hussein told an FBI interrogator he believed Iran was a greater threat to Iraq than the United States , according to newly released FBI documents . Baghdad 's Al Mutamar newspaper shows Saddam Hussein , right , with Ahmed Chalabi of Iraq 's governing council in 2003 . The FBI interviews took place while Hussein , then identified by the FBI as "  High Value Detainee 1 " was held captive by U.S. military forces at Baghdad International Airport between February and June of 2004 . Hussein regarded the Iranian threat as so serious that it was the major factor in his decision not to allow United Nations weapons inspectors to return , he said . Citing their shared border and his belief Iran would intend to annex southern Iraq , Hussein said he was more concerned about Iran discovering Iraq 's weaknesses than repercussions from the United States and the international community . He believed that the inspectors would have directly identified to the Iranians where to inflict maximum damage to Iraq . Approximately 100 pages of declassified interview summaries , previously classified as secret , were obtained by the National Security Archive at the George Washington University through a Freedom of Information Act request . The FBI declined CNN 's request to interview special agent George L. Piro , the agent who interviewed Hussein . FBI spokesman Paul Bresson declined to comment on the declassified documents . "  As a general rule , the FBI does not discuss FOIA 'd documents . We let the information stand on its own , " Bresson told CNN . Piro , an FBI agent fluent in Arabic , conducted the interviews along with another agent whose name has been redacted from the documents . Although Hussein had been a prisoner for months , at one point during an interview he said , "  I am not the ex-president of Iraq . I am still the president of Iraq . " Hussein also described al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden as a "  zealot " and said he had never met or seen him . He also said the United States used the September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq , and that the United States had "  lost sight of the cause . " Despite Piro citing evidence of Iraq 's contacts with al Qaeda , Hussein said , "  The Iraqi government did not cooperate with bin Laden " and that the two "  did not have the same belief or vision . " The former regime 's alleged weapons of mass destruction and alleged ties to al Qaeda were the Bush administration 's primary justifications for invading Iraq in March of 2003 . Piro and Hussein spoke extensively about Iraq 's chemical weapons during the Iran war , the 1990 invasion of Kuwait and in the years before the second U.S. invasion . Hussein refused to answer a question about whether Iraq would have lost the war it fought with Iran from 1980 to 1988 if it had not used chemical weapons . He also said neither he nor any other Iraqi officials discussed using chemical weapons during the first Gulf War . Hussein admitted that Iraq made a mistake by destroying some weapons without U.N. supervision . In his view , the inspectors wanted all of their expenses paid for by Iraq . Instead of waiting for the inspectors and paying the expenses , Iraq began destroying the weapons . "  We destroyed them . We told you , with documents . That 's it , " Hussein said . When asked about restrictions he placed on weapons inspectors regarding which locations they could visit , Hussein responded , "  By God , if I had such weapons , I would have used them in the fight against the United States . " Hussein commented about the mental state of U.S. soldiers occupying Iraq . "  If you asked the American soldier -- who came to Iraq to find weapons of mass destruction , but none could be found , and who came to remove the leaders of the Hussein dictatorship , who are all in jail now , but are replaced with other dictators -- whether he wanted to stay or go , he would say go . " Hussein said he alone gave the orders to fire SCUD missiles at Israel during the first Gulf War , adding , "  Everything that happened to us was because of Israel . " He said he figured that the United States would stop the war if Israel was "  hurt , " and he wanted to punish the country he viewed as the source of all his problems . Hussein recalled a meeting in Switzerland between his foreign minister Tariq Aziz and then-U.S. Secretary of State James Baker in January of 1991 shortly before Operation Desert Storm . According to Hussein , Baker offered no solutions to resolve the Kuwait situation and gave specific steps to Aziz that the United States wanted Iraq to do first , and Baker added "  otherwise , we 'll take you back to the pre-industrial age . " He also told Piro he wanted to have a relationship with the United States but was not given the opportunity because in his view the United States was not listening to anything Iraq had to say . Hussein also revealed details about his security measures and movements before and after the second U.S. invasion of Iraq in March of 2003 . He says he had only used a telephone on two occasions since March of 1990 . He denied ever using body doubles , claiming , "  This is movie magic , not reality . " He also said he never saw his sons use body doubles . "  Do not think I am getting upset when you mention my sons . I still think about them and the fact that they were martyred . They will be examples to everyone throughout the world , " he said . Hussein also states he was not in the Dora neighborhood of Baghdad on March 19 , 2003 , when it was bombed by coalition forces in an unsuccessful attempt to kill him . He says he remained in Baghdad until April 10 or 11 of 2003 , when it appeared the city was about to fall to coalition forces . Before leaving the city , he said he held one final meeting with the senior Iraqi leadership and told them , "  We will struggle in secret . " Shortly after his departure from the capital , Hussein began to gradually disperse his bodyguards , telling them they had completed their duty , so as not to draw attention . Hussein also admitted that after participating in the failed assassination attempt against then-Iraqi president Gen. Abdul Karim Qasim in 1959 , he had stayed at the same farm where he was captured by U.S. forces in December of 2003 . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Saddam Hussein calls Iran a factor in keeping U.N. inspectors out of Iraq Hussein described Osama bin Laden as a "  zealot , " said he never met him He said the United States used September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq
CNN  -- The family of the man authorities say was dismembered by a Canadian porn actor called for the suspect 's quick extradition Tuesday and expressed hope that their "  devastating situation " could become something positive . Jun Lin , a 33-year-old student at Montreal 's Concordia University , was killed in late May in one of the city 's grisliest crimes in years . The suspect in his killing , Luka Rocco Magnotta , is being held in Germany while Canadian prosecutors seek his return . "  Jun Lin was our beloved son . As the only son in the family , he was our pride and hope , " his family said in a written statement issued Tuesday . His killing "  is not only a devastating attack to our family , but also has had a tremendous impact on the whole society . Love and trust must be rebuilt . " The family traveled from a village in China last week to reclaim their son 's remains -- parts of which had been mailed to the headquarters of Canada 's Conservative and Liberal parties and to two schools in Vancouver , on the Pacific coast . Other parts , including his head , are still missing . The family thanked the people of Montreal , who stepped up to support their travel ; and Concordia , which has set up an award in their son 's name to assist Chinese students -- a move the family said "  perfectly reflects Jun Lin 's compassionate spirit . " "  We are very grateful and moved by the kindness and sympathy for us , " they said . "  It is our wish to take this opportunity to turn a devastating situation into something positive that brings the goodness and peace back to society . "  We are calling for the extradition of the murder suspect back to Canada as soon as possible in order to bring justice and peace to our family , the Chinese community and the whole society , " they said . "  To commemorate Jun Lin , please let us remember his kindness , diligence and love for life . " Police say they believe Magnotta killed and dismembered Lin and posted a 10-minute video of the slaying online . Montreal police Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and included evidence of cannibalism . Investigators have said the suspect and victim knew each other , though they have not defined the nature of their relationship . The mailings and the discovery of other body parts behind Magnotta 's apartment triggered an international manhunt . German authorities nabbed him June 4 in Berlin , where they said he had been spotted browsing online articles about himself at an Internet cafe . Did dismemberment suspect make iReport cameo ?	"  Love and trust must be rebuilt , " murder victim 's family says They thank Montrealers and their son 's college for their support The suspect in his grisly slaying awaits extradition from Germany
CNN  -- Much is being made of Hillary Clinton 's recent remarks about leaving the White House "  dead broke " and how she and Bill are n't like those who are "  truly well off " despite earning more than $ 100 million together since 2001 . And now she 's getting heat for the $ 225,000 in speaking fees she 's getting for a Nevada speech . Apparently when prescribing a vision for America that divides us along the lines of class and income , the medicine always tastes better when taken by someone else . But setting politics aside , much should be made of these comments simply because they demonstrate that many of those who rail against economic freedom are out of touch and have a fundamental misunderstanding of how jobs and wealth are created in this country . Opinion : Petty attacks on Hillary just wo n't matter Let 's start with the basics . All Americans , regardless of who they are or where they come from , want a good-paying job with more opportunity , choice and control over their economic and personal futures . But this is more than a common desire shared by all Americans . History shows that this time-tested formula is the key to upward mobility and a healthy economy -- in other words , wealth creation . It must be nice to get paid millions of dollars to write a book about yourself , just as it must be nice to get paid millions of dollars to sink three-pointers in the NBA Playoffs or to star in a Hollywood summer blockbuster . But athletes and entertainers , like the Clintons , are notable exceptions . Let me be clear -- I 'm not criticizing them for their financial success . After all , they all have unique skill sets that few others possess , so the laws of supply and demand apply . Most American success stories , and the jobs that result , involve hardworking individuals and families who take significant personal and financial risk , work from sunrise to sunset and persevere through good times and bad . This is Main Street success -- the bedrock our country was built on . We all can name countless shining examples of entrepreneurs , inventors and innovators who took those risks , invested in their local companies and created jobs . These Americans -- these job creators -- are the same people Hillary Clinton calls "  truly wealthy . " Others , like President Barack Obama , continually attack , criticize and stigmatize the success these individuals achieved through hard work . This might make for good politics and help distract from the numerous scandals and poor economic outlook reported on the nightly news , but it is a terrible way to treat fellow Americans , especially when the economy continues to struggle and job creation remains weak . Now Hillary Clinton is no novice , so I suspect her pollsters will inform her that she fumbled the ball on this one , and her advisers will counsel her to shift the discussion back to something like income inequality . It will be good for this country to have an honest discussion about income inequality , but let 's address it in a way without demonizing the success and entrepreneurial spirit that helps solidify the backbone of this country . Too many Americans are suffering and living paycheck-to-paycheck while trying to make ends meet . Family budgets are getting tighter as prices for gas and groceries keep rising . Rather than responding to these harsh realities with the politics of division and distraction and pitting Americans against each other for political gain , Washington should work toward real , commonsense solutions that help create jobs for hardworking families . We need efficient and more effective programs that wo n't bankrupt our government and drag down our economy . We need a shift in focus from empty promises , handouts and shallow accusations to education , job training and encouragement toward hard work and entrepreneurship . In other words , to paraphrase a Democratic operative , "  It 's about opportunity , stupid . " As America 's economy continues to struggle , Main Street success in America , now more than ever , should be encouraged , not attacked . Strider : Petty attacks on Hillary just wo n't matter How Hillary Clinton flubbed the wealth question Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jeff Cook-McCormac says that Hillary Clinton 's comments about wealth have a deeper impact on America This , he says , might make for good politics , but is ultimately bad for the country Clinton also has come under fire for $ 225,000 in speaking fees for a Nevada speech
CNN  -- In Saudi Arabia today perhaps the biggest factor fuelling inflation is the influx of money from oil . The kingdom is the world 's top oil producer -- making an estimated $ 2 billion from oil exports last year . Abdulkarim Abu Al Nasr CEO of NCB , the region 's biggest bank John Defterios  JD  sits down with Abdulkarim Abu Al Nasr  AN  , CEO of NCB , the region 's biggest bank and begins by asking him how Saudi Arabia can help the lowest levels of society to benefit from the record oil prices . AN  : I think the government has to change its role from a business owner to a business enabler by privatizing , by putting a foundation of the legal infrastructure , the encouragement and incentives . The business community has to step up to the challenge and I think that private business has to act in different capacities . In the role of a full partner , in the role of entrepreneur and job creator because this time around the private sector has to play the role hand in hand with the government rather than depending on the government to be the only solution to economic and development needs . JD  : From your vantage point how is this economic undertaking different to what it was thirty years ago ? AN  : I think there are a couple of faults that come from this point . First of all , in the first boom the government was the engine of growth for the economy . There was very little of the private sector . This time around the private sector is alive and well and is participating very much . I think this time around the boom is also accompanied by a strong reform agenda . Last time , it was n't . It was just merely a spending on infrastructure and projects . JD  : Do you see , in the near future , outright sales to the major international banks , like HSBC or Citigroup or Barclays who have a lot of experience in emerging markets ? AN  : I think that the regulators are going to look for quality players to come to the market . I think that is very much welcomed and sought after because they bring with them capabilities and expertise . I think the issue of selling the banks to these players is a matter of valuations and a matter of desire from the owners . Let 's keep in mind that a lot of these banks are still owned by families and by certain groups . Its not easy to go out and buy a large chunk of financial services out of the stock market . JD  : What does this mean for the future , a mini form of protectionism ? AN  : I do n't think protectionism is the real word because we already are seeing the transformation and already the liberalization of the sector . I think it 's just the identification of acquisition targets and then the desire of the owners , to actually surrender control and take advantage of the valuations . JD  : Within the emergence now in the region , you see not one financial centre but four or five of them . Saudi Arabia has its own designs , Bahrain , Qatar , Abu Dhabi and , of course , Dubai . Is this going to lead to an acute shortage of trained people to fill the jobs and how much of an urgency is that today ? AN  : I think it 's going to be a challenge . I think the idea of having regional financial centers is not absurd . I think the level of wealth building that is taking place in the region encourages the creation of financial centers to effectively and efficiently mediate and allow players to come together to do that . I think also there are different players for example the financial centre in Saudi Arabia is predominantly bringing financial intermediaries together in a compound . Not necessarily to create a different regulatory environment . It is a different play than for example the one in Dubai or in Qatar . I think the challenge on human capital is real and we are competing against the best resources around the world with everybody else . E-mail to a friend	In Saudi Arabia today the flood of petrodollars is fuelling inflation MME talks with Abdulkarim Abu Al Nasr , CEO of NCB , the region 's biggest bank He gives his views on today 's challenges and Saudi 's future development And how to help the lowest levels of society benefit from the record oil prices
New York  CNN  -- Decades ago , when the Department of Defense was creating the predecessor to today 's Internet , one of the main goals was to create a communications system that could endure catastrophic disasters . The Internet was designed to have no central point of failure , allowing anyone to run his or her own communications channel . This was a system that could withstand a nuclear attack . Today , the services built on top of that network have done a great job in enabling communications , perhaps none more dramatically than Twitter . During the days since the Haiti earthquake , the popular social networking and microblogging service has been used for rescue efforts and for fundraising to help stabilize and rebuild the country . So it was big news when Twitter was offline for 90 minutes Wednesday morning . Technology pundits promptly began hand-wringing -- the weaknesses of having a single point of failure to critical communications had been revealed again ! Could we trust Twitter ? Did this mean the Web could n't help us fulfill our most basic obligations to those in need ? Not at all . There 's no reason that organizations or individuals who want to use the Web to relay critical information have to rely on Twitter or Facebook or Google or any other giant of the technology industry in the first place . We 've just forgotten a bit about how the Internet was supposed to work . Rescue organizations and charities should simply be able to use the Web sites they already have to deliver those messages . And was n't that the promise of the Web in the first place ? Were n't we going to stop relying on individual companies as gatekeepers for communication ? When blogs took off a few years ago , was n't it with the promise that we 'd all be able to share our voices without having to ask any company for permission ? Why did we give that up ? Maybe it 's because they made it look so easy . Twitter has done an impressive job of growing to handle its enormous number of users , while keeping its service simple . The company has even shown a reassuring sensitivity to the civic and social obligations that come from running such a popular communication service . Companies such as Facebook and Google have stepped up , too . Their hearts appear to be in the right place , and they 're doing real work to help people communicate . But the Web is bigger than any one site or any one social network . In my own work , I run a nonprofit that strives to connect government policymakers to the expertise of ordinary people using the Web . We 'll naturally make great use of Twitter and Facebook and all the other services , but it 'd be unforgivable to pick only one of them as a platform for civic engagement . Telling people the only way to talk to the White House is on Facebook is like saying you can only call your senator by using a particular phone company . And that 's the key lesson to learn from Twitter being down while people are depending on it for communication : Some needs are too important to put in the hands of any single company . Communicating in real time about emergency information is clearly one of them . Fortunately there 's good news . Smart inventors have already made cutting-edge technologies that let any site deliver messages with the same immediacy as Twitter or Facebook . Now the challenge is reminding all of the social institutions , media organizations and government agencies that they need to use their own communications infrastructure just as much as they participate in services such as Twitter and Facebook . The reality is social networks come and go . Ten years ago , otherwise-sensible companies were paying millions of dollars to America Online to buy "  AOL keywords . " These were shortcuts to parts of the AOL service , which dominated U.S. Internet access at the time . In fact , many of us have allowed companies to become intermediaries to all our communications , whether it was AOL 10 years ago or Facebook today . But we do n't need to ask gateways for permission to publish . We can run our own Web sites , at our own Web addresses and keep control over how we communicate . Think how ludicrous it would seem for someone to decide , say , to offer emergency services as an AOL keyword called "  911 " instead of having people just dial their phones ? That sounds absurd , but you can see advertisements today that essentially say "  Find us on Facebook at facebook.com/AcmeWidgets ! " Now , Facebook probably wo n't fade away entirely , like early networks such as Friendster . But those Facebook addresses are just like AOL keywords 10 years earlier . And it is conceivable that the organizations and companies who communicate on Facebook today may want to become more independent . Whether due to emergency or just the everyday requirements of doing business , they ultimately will stop depending on a single point of contact for their communications . This is , after all , how the Web was designed to work . We already see governments and civic organizations using the Web as effectively as the best corporations and media . In the United States , we have a White House that 's got an iPhone application and a State Department that 's asking us to define democracy by responding on Twitter . Judging by how much technology has affected society already , those first experiments will soon evolve into full-fledged platforms for citizen participation and charitable action . And let 's hope they wo n't have to worry if any one Web site goes down . Because we 'll have a web of independent but connected communications systems , just as the Internet was always designed to be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anil Dash .	Anil Dash says Internet was designed to endure disasters , free up communication Dash : If Web 's goal is decentralization , why was Twitter crash so disabling for many ? Dash reminds us that social networks come and go ; remember when AOL ruled ? Web users should take charge of their own communication efforts , Dash urges
RollingStone.com  -- John Lennon would be turning 70 years old on October 9 . At first , Yoko Ono herself did n't realize the significance of that date . "  I do n't think about age so much , " she tells "  Rolling Stone " . "  But I was getting messages from all corners of the world : ` We 're celebrating John 's birthday as a tribute to him . ' I said , ` What is going on here ? ' It seems like with 70 , there 's an explosion -LSB- of sentiment -RSB- . " Over the next two months , Lennon 's birthday will be commemorated with tribute concerts , reissues , a new documentary , the annual lighting of Ono 's Imagine Peace light tower , even an Ono-Lady Gaga summit . Why is all this happening now ? "  The reason has to do with the social climate , with wanting some of John 's energy , power and conviction , " says Ono . Here are some of the highlights . Documentary on the New York Years "  LENNONYC , " which premiered at the New York Film Festival September 25 and will debut on PBS November 22 , focuses exclusively on the last decade of Lennon 's life , from the time he and Ono moved to New York in 1971 until his death in 1980 . "  New York offered him a chance to disconnect from the shackles of the Beatles , " says director Michael Epstein . "  It allowed him to be John Lennon and not Beatle John . It offered simple freedoms , like going to Burger King and buying a Whopper , which he liked to do . " The film explores Lennon 's immersion in the city 's downtown arts scene and his raucous rock & roll work with Elephant 's Memory , as well as the depression that followed the critical drubbing of his "  Some Time in New York City " album and 1972 Madison Square Garden concert  which is seen here in newly restored footage  . It also covers his "  lost weekend " in Los Angeles , reconciliation with Ono and the creation of "  Double Fantasy " . Epstein says Ono had to stop and start several times while talking about Lennon 's death , but she gave her blessing to the film nonetheless . "  It 's ` Gim me Some Truth , ' as John put it , so it 's fine , " Ono says . "  Let it all hang out there . " Photos : John & Yoko : A New York love story Ono , Gaga , and Others to Play Los Angeles On October 1 and 2 , Ono will revive the Plastic Ono Band , the avant-garde outfit she and Lennon started in 1969 , at the Orpheum Theater in L.A. Joining her for renditions of classic POB material will be Iggy Pop , Perry Farrell , Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth , and Lady Gaga -- who signed up after recently meeting Sean Lennon in Japan . "  Lady Gaga and I speak the same language , " Ono says . "  I respect her . I saw her show , and it was incredible . Everyone was mesmerized . John would 've loved it . He 's like me -- he went for wild things . And she 's wild . " "  John Lennon Signature Box " As with last year 's Beatle reissues , Lennon 's solo catalog -- "  Plastic Ono Band , " "  Imagine , " "  Sometime in New York City , " "  Mind Games , " and "  Walls and Bridges , "  along with two albums with Yoko Ono , "  Double Fantasy " and "  Milk and Honey " -- has been remastered , and will be re-released on October 5 . Ono was heavily involved , according to Paul Hicks , a former Abbey Road engineer who worked on the project : "  She knows everything about the songs , and she knows exactly how John 's vocals should sound . " For Ono , though , the experience was unexpectedly difficult . "  I thought it was going to be fine -- listening to John 's songs has been a routine thing for me for the last 30 years , " she says . "  But this time , maybe because I listened to all of them , it was very hard , emotionally hard . ` I 'm Losing You ' -- that really hit me . " "  Double Fantasy " will also be packaged with a special "  Stripped Down " edition , featuring bare-boned versions of the original tracks . "  John 's voice is right up there , and it 's so beautiful , " Ono says . "  His diction was very unique . It 's like listening to a Shakespearean actor . It choked me up . I wanted to tell him but he was n't here , and that really upset me . " For fans , a box set , "  Gim me Some Truth " , will be particularly enticing ; a bonus disc includes previously unreleased home recordings of songs from 1970 's volcanic "  Plastic Ono Band "  "  God , " "  I Found Out , " "  Mother , " "  Love "  along with other tracks from his subsequent records . Top ten Beatles songs of all time "  Nowhere Boy film " This independently-made U.K. movie takes an unexpected focus : It 's a biopic concerned solely with Lennon 's teenage years in Liverpool . The film , which is based on a memoir by Lennon 's half sister Julia , hinges on the relationship between the future Beatle ; his guardian , Aunt Mimi ; and his free-spirited mother , Julia , who abandoned Lennon at four and then reappeared when he was 15 . "  It 's a love triangle that happens to be about John Lennon , " says director Sam Taylor-Wood . "  There were two strong women then -- and that -LSB- dynamic -RSB- played out throughout his life . " Ono 's Iceland Celebrations On October 9 , Ono will preside over the annual lighting of the Imagine Peace Tower -- 15 searchlights pointed skyward -- on an island off ReykjavÌk , Iceland . She 'll also present LennonOno Grant for Peace awards to four recipients -- authors Michael Pollan and Alice Walker , public health advocate Barbara Kowalcyk , and documentary filmmaker Josh Fox -- whose work is "  based on their courage and commitment to peace , truth , and human rights . " To cap it off , she 'll give a special Plastic Ono Band performance with a lineup that will include her son Sean along with Cornelius , Yuka Honda , and other members of the current POB . The show will be dedicated to Lennon , who once asked Ono to turn her conceptual idea for a light tower  from her book "  Grapefruit "  into an actual sculpture . "  John invited me over and said , ' I want this in my backyard , ' " she recalls . "  And I said , ` This is just an idea . ' But for him , it was real . He was the first person who picked up on that concept . " Rockers Cover Lennon in Concert Jackson Browne , Patti Smith , Cyndi Lauper , Aimee Mann , and Shelby Lynne will be among the musicians participating in a Lennon tribute concert on November 12 at New York 's Beacon Theatre . The proceeds will benefit the Playing for Change Foundation , which brings music education programs to impoverished communities around the world . The show will feature covers of songs from throughout Lennon 's entire career -- "  It 'll be all John , " says organizer Mark Johnson . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	John Lennon would be turning 70 years old on October 9 Celebrations will include a documentary on his years in New York Lady Gaga will be performing with Yoko Ono at the Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles
CNN  -- On Saturday , two stars from "  Facts of Life " got together for a long overdue TV reunion . Lisa Whelchel and Kim Fields , who co-starred on the '80s sitcom about a group of girls in boarding school as Blair and Tootie , were reunited in the Hallmark Channel TV movie , "  For Better or For Worse , " which aired on July 19 . After each going their separate ways -- Fields continued to act and direct while Whelchel became a Christian writer and speaker -- returning to a set together was "  like riding a bike , " Fields recently told "  Good Morning America . " "  Lisa 's a wonderfully talented woman , plain and simple , " the now 45-year-old actress said of her co-star . Whelchel , 51 , was just as comforted to take a small screen job alongside a familiar face . "  It was like old times , but really , really different , " Whelchel said to People magazine . "  We felt comfortable together , because we 're such good friends . But I can see her talent as an adult . I would watch her during a scene now and think , ` Wow , she 's really good . She 's so funny . ' I did n't appreciate that as a kid . " So what 's the rest of the cast been up to ? Click through the photos to find out . Every ` The Simpsons ' episode is going online	Lisa Whelchel and Kim Fields reunited in a 2014 TV movie They co-starred on the '80s sitcom "  Facts of Life " The two have said that it was just like "  riding a bike "
CNN  Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind . In an interview with The Daily Beast , the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma -- two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . Barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : "  My vision is closing in now , " she said . "  I just try and enjoy vision as much as possible . Y' know , living it up . " Related : 9 worst eye care mistakes you 're making Macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision ; while glaucoma damages the nerve that connects the retina to the brain , and is often caused by fluid build-up and pressure in the eyes .  Barr said in the interview that she helps relieve the pressure by using marijuana , which is known to temporarily lower pressure inside the eye . "  It 's somewhat unusual that Roseanne Bar has both , but not unheard of , " explains ophthalmologist Steven A. Shanbom , MD , of Shanbom Eye Specialists in Berkley , Mich. . Though there are some controllable risk factors , certain people are genetically predisposed to these diseases , so Barr may simply be prone to both . "  Certainly it 's sad . The combination of the two is terrible . Macular degeneration takes away her central vision , and glaucoma is taking away her peripheral vision , " Dr. Shanbom adds .  He is not treating Roseanne Barr , and does not know the specifics of her case . The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 , with some people , especially African Americans , at higher risk in their 40s . That 's why the American Academy of Opthalmology recommends getting a baseline eye exam when you turn the big 4-0 , even if you have perfect vision . In the early stages , you can have either condition , but have no symptoms at all . Things like a family history or high blood pressure , or issues within the eye  like having a thinner cornea , for example  might lead your MD to prescribe drops that can reduce your chances of developing glaucoma by about half . Related : 10 natural ways to lower blood pressure There is no cure for either disease . But like those eyedrops , there are treatments that may delay the progression of early-stage glaucoma  from other drugs to surgery  , and therapies that might halt further vision loss in advanced cases of macular degeneration  including an implantable telescope  . The future looks brighter however : An animal study published this month suggests that an injection of stem cells into the eye might slow or even reverse the effects of early-stage macular degeneration . There are also simple things you can start doing right now to ward off these diseases . Here , five ways to protect your peepers . Slip on your shades -- even when it 's cloudy Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration , as well as cataracts  clouding of the lenses  . Make sure your sunglasses offer 99 % to 100 % UV protection . Sporting a pair that does n't filter UV light is more dangerous than wearing no shades at all , because the dark lenses cause your pupils to dilate and allow in more harmful rays . Schedule in a regular walk Studies indicate that aerobic exercise can reduce the eye pressure that leads to glaucoma , and may improve blood flow to the retina and optic nerve . According to the Glaucoma Research Foundation , all you need to do is raise your pulse 20 % to 25 %  which could mean a brisk walk  for 20 minutes , a minimum of four times a week . Related : 9 tweaks that make walking workouts more effective Eat your greens Spinach , kale , and other leafy greens are packed with lutein and zeaxanthin -- antioxidants that lower your risk of developing macular degeneration  and cataracts too  , research shows . Another good source : egg yolks . Snack on almonds , citrus , and berries Almonds are loaded with vitamin E  a handful provides about half your daily dose  , which slows macular degeneration ; while citrus fruit and berries are filled with vitamin C , which cuts your odds of developing the disease . Avoid cigarette smoke While smoking is bad news for many parts of your body , you may not have considered eyes to be one of them . However , smoking doubles your risk of macular degeneration . Avoiding cigs can not only protect your lungs and heart , it can protect your peepers too .	Barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma , eye diseases that get progressively worse and can steal vision The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Profits at celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay 's British restaurants plunged by nearly 90 percent in the last 12 months . Gordon Ramsay has become as successful on television as he has been off-screen . Run by the Scottish-born chef and his father-in-law Chris Hutcheson , Gordon Ramsay Holdings reported a drop in annual turnover from # 41.6 million  $ 68 million  to # 35 million  $ 57 million  in the year to August 2008 , Britain 's Press Association reported Friday . Pre-tax profits plummeted by over # 3 million  $ 4.9 million  to # 383,325  $ 627,000  , while net debt in the group , which includes London restaurants such as Claridges , Maze and the flagship Royal Hospital Road , soared to almost # 9.5 million  $ 15.5 million  . With spiraling debts and crippling tax bills , the star of TV shows such as "  Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares " and "  Hell 's Kitchen " was forced to pump huge amounts of his own money into the business , even selling his prized Ferrari to raise funds , The Guardian newspaper said . Ramsay has attributed his business problems to over-ambitious expansion plans , in addition to the closure of two of his 11 London eateries . The Michelin-starred chef opened ten restaurants between 2007 and 2008 , while The Savoy Grill was forced to close as the Savoy hotel was refurbished , and the lease at the Connaught expired . The 42-year old was also forced to review his company 's international operations , closing restaurants in Paris , Los Angeles and Prague , The Times newspaper reported . "  Ambition overtook me . We thought we could do anything , that we could n't fail , " PA quoted Ramsay as saying recently . A full review of the group 's operations was instigated in December as part of a refinancing deal with the Royal Bank of Scotland and to help the business get through the troubled economic times . "  2008 brought its own challenges , not just for our group , but for the industry as a whole and the broader economy , " Hutcheson told PA. . "  Whilst the restructuring has benefited the group , the significant contribution and commitment of all 750 staff to the business has been integral to moving us to a position of strength . " Ramsay has endured a difficult time recently . Last month he was criticized by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd after reportedly comparing television star Tracy Grimshaw to a pig during a live cooking show in Melbourne . His trademark colorful language also came under fire last year by another Australian lawmaker . However Ramsay told the country 's Channel Nine Network , which broadcasts Kitchen Nightmares and Hell 's Kitchen , that the shows emphasize the "  pressures of working in a restaurant kitchen . "	Turnover by Gordon Ramsay Holdings drops from $ 68M to $ 57M Pre-tax profits plummet by over $ 4.9 M to $ 627,000 Over-ambitious expansion plans , restaurant closures blamed Ramsay currently owns nine restaurants in London
Myanmar 's military leaders have nominated a former general considered fiercely loyal to former dictator Senior General Than Shwe to be the country 's next vice president . Myint Swe 's expected promotion from chief minister of Rangoon Region to the second highest post in the country has disappointed observers who hoped for a more reform-friendly candidate . "  The military chose someone who they can count on , " said Aung Zaw , editor of Thailand-based Irrawaddy magazine which covers Myanmar news . Describing Myint as a prodigy of the former dictator , Aung Zaw said that his selection was not surprising given that the post had to be filled by the military . "  I think they chose someone who would protect the vested interests of the military and the former dictator . So the choice does n't seem surprising but it does n't make anything promising to this reform process , " he said . "  He 's not noted as a reformer , " said Sean Turnell , an associate professor at Macquarie University in Sydney , of the 61-year-old candidate . "  I think that fact alone will disappoint many people who watch and are closely involved in Burma . " Since becoming president in March 2011 , Thein Sein has steered Myanmar , which is also known as Burma , away from its repressive military past , towards what many hope is a truly democratic future . The release of lauded democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest and her subsequent election to parliament is the clearest signal yet of Thein 's commitment to reform . Aung San Suu Kyi attends first session of parliament since taking oath However , military men still dominate parliament and any step forward must be navigated with their approval , which has made Myanmar 's democratic reform a delicate and difficult process . The resignation of the "  hardliner " Vice President Tin Aung Mying Oo early this month handed the military a clear opportunity to convey its view on the direction the country is taking . Will vice president 's exit boost Myanmar reform efforts ? "  I think by appointing someone who is not an overt reformer they 're sort of signaling I think what we understand to be their current situation ; that they 're much more cautious , much more reluctant reformers than some of the reformist groups in the government , " Turnell said . According to Irrawaddy , Myint graduated from the Defense Services Academy in 1971 before rising through the ranks to become commander of the Light Infantry Division 11 , responsible for security in Rangoon , also known as Yangon . He later served in the War Office before returning to Rangoon as head of the Rangoon Division where he was thought to have participated in the violent crackdown on protesters during the 2007 "  Saffron Revolution . " As least a dozen people were killed , several dozens wounded and more than 2,000 arrested , according to a U.N. Security Council report , which added that the toll could be much higher . "  Myint  was responsible for security affairs in Yangon , Rangoon and when the shooting took place the order probably came from the top and he had to take care of all the things on the ground , meaning the troops and killing and detaining , " Aung Zaw said . However , Turnell said Myint was also considered someone who "  gets along , " that is , someone who can navigate a path between military loyalists and people within the government more receptive to change . "  In that context he 's not altogether that different from the current President Thein Sein who of course is also someone who seems to be able to get along with both the previous regime and some of the reformers , " he said . Turnell described former Vice President Tin Aung Mying Oo as a "  very rough character with rough edges who aggravated a lot of people , particularly in the reformist camp . " "  I think  Myint  wo n't be as overtly oppositional to reform . I think the remaining question is to what extent will he support it ? "	Myanmar military nominates former general Myint Swe as vice president Nomination has disappointed observers hoping for someone more open to reform Myint is considered fiercely loyal to the military , a prodigy of former dictator Than Shwe President Thein Sein has introduced a number of democratic reforms since taking power
CNN  How will the new "  Fantastic Four " differ from the original movie of a decade ago ? For starters , as a new trailer shows , Sue and Johnny Storm 's father initiates the project that ends up giving the foursome their powers . They also end up in another dimension , and we see the early flirtation between Sue Storm and Reed Richards as well . The movie , due out August 7 , promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters , played this go-round by Miles Teller , Kate Mara , Michael B. Jordan and Jamie Bell . We also get our first glimpse of the villainous Dr. Doom in this new trailer , released Sunday . Fans on Twitter had mixed reactions . Check out the trailer here : The trailerpalooza of "  Star Wars , " "  Batman v. Superman " and "  Fantastic Four " kept sci-fi and superhero fans chattering all weekend . Not to be outdone , the new trailer for "  Jurassic World " came out Monday morning . It features even more of star Chris Pratt . Pratt 's scientist character knows dinosaurs better than anyone . After a genetically modified mutant dinosaur escapes from an island theme park along with others , he takes charge of a mission to contain the dangerous creatures . The trailer also includes part of a scene that caused controversy after Joss Whedon called it "  sexist " last week . The movie is first in the rampaging-dino franchise since "  Jurassic Park III " in 2001 . And , as we see for the first time , the dinosaurs have learned to communicate with each other . Uh-oh . Early word on Twitter was pretty good . Here 's the new trailer for the movie , out June 12 :	Dr. Doom is seen for the first time in the trailer for the "  Fantastic Four " reboot Chris Pratt takes the lead in the new trailer for "  Jurassic World "
CNN  -- He has a face only a mother could love -- a mother who lives 1,000 to 3,000 feet under water and voraciously feeds on live squid and fish . We 're talking about a goblin shark -- only the second member of his species ever caught in the Gulf of Mexico , and the first since 2000 , shark expert John Carlson said . "  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder , " Carlson , a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration research biologist said . "  Some would call them ` ugly . ' I think , ` interesting . ' " Carl Moore , 63 , of Townsend , Georgia , was the unlikely archeologist of this ichthyological wonder , which he estimates was 18 to 20 feet long . He caught it on April 19 , about halfway through an 18-day fishing trip . Carlson guesses it was closer to 15 feet , with the largest goblin shark ever measuring 18 feet . Moore decided an exact appraisal was n't in his best interest . "  I was going to take the tape measure , then he flashed around again . I said , ` Forget the measurement . That thing 'll eat me up ! ' " Moore has been shrimping the Atlantic and the Gulf for 50 years , with a short break for a stint in the Air Force , and he 's "  caught so much weird stuff : sawfish , Bahamian anglefish , loggerback turtles weighing 1,000 to 1,500 pounds . " But when the goblin shark spilled out of his trawling net full of royal red shrimp , Moore felt "  disbelief . " "  First thing I told them boys was , ` Man , he 's ugly ! Looks prehistoric to me , ' " Moore said . Goblin sharks do resemble some prehistoric species , and Carlson said Moore made a "  pretty important find . " They 're not seen anywhere all that often , though the coast of Japan boasts the shark 's share of recorded sightings . "  We do n't know a lot about deep water fauna , " Carlson said . "  We know little about  goblin sharks  -- how long they live , how fast they grow . " One thing that 's fairly certain : At their size , goblin sharks have few natural predators , according to Carlson . The photographs Moore provided to NOAA will help expand that knowledge . Carlson said he and a colleague now are writing a paper on goblin sharks to submit to a scientific journal . And Carlson can thank a 3-year-old boy for that . Moore just recently began carrying a camera with him on his shrimping expeditions . He wants to share pictures of what he does with his grandson Keaton , who turns 4 on Wednesday . Moore released the shark after getting photographic evidence of his -- and just about anyone 's -- greatest fish story ever . "  Anything that 's alive we try to put back in the ocean , " he said . Shark 's ` man-eater ' image undergoes makeover Team finds new hammerhead shark species Second oarfish washes ashore in California Saber-toothed whale lands in California Could whales explode in Canadian towns ?	Georgia shrimper catches only second goblin shark on record in Gulf of Mexico Goblin sharks live deep under water and are rarely seen , NOAA shark expert says Views of goblin sharks ' looks range from "  interesting " to "  ugly " The fisherman released the shark because it was still alive
CNN  -- Iran says it has decoded and released footage from a U.S. drone that it downed more than a year ago . The black and white aerial footage , which Iran claims was from a RQ-170 spy plane , was aired by Iranian news agencies and placed on YouTube . A man , identified in Iranian media as Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps Brig. Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh , narrates parts of the footage . Key U.S. official defends use of drones "  This aircraft has carried out many operations in the countries around Iran , " the narrator says . "  In the operations taken place in Pakistan , this aircraft guided many of the clashes ... " The narrator also says that some of the footage shows the drone near Kandahar Airfield in southern Afghanistan . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video . Also CNN could not immediately reach Pentagon officials for comment . Iran had said it downed the drone on December 4 , 2011 , near Kashmar in the country 's northeast , some 225 kilometers  140 miles  from the border with Afghanistan . A dangerous new world of drones At the time , U.S. officials acknowledged that the drone was missing and President Barack Obama asked Iran to return it . "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama said later that month . At the time , Iranian military officials vowed not to return the plane . This claim from Tehran comes at the same time that the U.S. drone program is being heavily debated in Washington . John Brennan , Obama 's pick to head the CIA , has been one of the architects of the drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies for the past four years . Senators will get to grill on him Thursday at his confirmation hearing . Also Thursday , the Senate Intelligence Committee will receive a classified drone policy document that seeks to justify the administration 's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks , a topic that has stirred controversies recently . CNN 's Samson Desta , John Raedler , Yousuf Basil and Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	The footage was released by Iranian state media and placed on YouTube Iran claims it downed the plane in 2011 Obama in the past asked for the drone back
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder made clear Thursday that the Obama administration recognizes the authority of federal courts , including the Supreme Court , to rule on whether the 2010 health care reform law or any other laws passed by Congress are constitutional . The declaration by Holder came in a letter to a federal appeal 's court that had ordered the government to respond by Thursday in a legal and political spat over the health care law championed by President Barack Obama . The attorney general personally met the deadline with a three-page , single-spaced letter -- following the specific instructions of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which is hearing a challenge to the health care law . Holder 's letter affirmed the government 's stance that federal judges indeed have the authority to decide the fate of the 2010 Affordable Care Act -- and any other law Congress passes . "  The power of the courts to review the constitutionality of legislation is beyond dispute , " Holder said . Read the letter  PDF His personal involvement in crafting the response signaled the issue 's hot-button importance within the administration four days after Obama made controversial remarks that advised the Supreme Court not to take an "  unprecedented " step by overturning the health care reform law . Obama and the White House have since attempted to clarify the president 's initial comments , which were in response to a reporter 's question about the Supreme Court 's three days of hearings on the health care law last week . However , Holder 's letter made clear that the substance of Obama 's remarks were in line with the administration 's recognition that the high court has the power of judicial review . "  The President 's remarks were fully consistent with the principles described herein , " concluded Holder 's letter . The dispute involving the court and the executive branch has highlighted the political dispute over whether the health care law will survive various legal challenges , including the pending Supreme Court decision on the constitutionality of a key provision . The high court 's ruling , expected in June , would take precedence over any other courts hearing similar appeals . The outcome of the health care cases in an election year could have a lasting impact on Obama 's re-election chances as well as the credibility of the federal courts , which are supposed to be beyond politics . On Monday , Obama said he was "  confident that the Supreme Court will not take what would be an unprecedented extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically-elected Congress , and I just remind conservative commentators that for years , what we 've heard is , the biggest problem on the bench was judicial activism or a lack of judicial restraint , that an unelected group of people would somehow overturn a dually constituted and passed law . " Some conservative critics interpreted those remarks as a challenge to judicial authority , suggesting Obama was putting political pressure on the high court . A day after the president 's initial remarks , the three Republican-appointed appellate judges held a hearing on a challenge to the health care law from physician-owned hospitals . Judge Jerry Smith , a Reagan appointee , was especially tough on a Justice Department lawyer defending the law and specifically mentioned the Obama remarks from the day before . "  I 'm referring to statements by the president in the past few days to the effect , and I 'm sure you 've heard about them , that it is somehow inappropriate for what he termed ` unelected ' judges to strike acts of Congress that have enjoyed -- he was referring to , of course , Obamacare -- to what he termed broad consensus in majorities in both houses of Congress , " Smith said . "  That has troubled a number of people who have read it as somehow a challenge to the federal courts or to their authority or to the appropriateness of the concept of judicial review , " Smith continued . "  And that 's not a small matter . So I want to be sure that you 're telling us that the attorney general and the Department of Justice do recognize the authority of the federal courts through unelected judges to strike acts of Congress or portions thereof in appropriate cases . " Government lawyer Dana Lydia Kaersvang appeared initially taken aback , but replied such authority has existed for centuries . Nevertheless , Smith and Judges Emilio Garza and Leslie Southwick then ordered the Justice Department to submit by noon Thursday Texas time a three-page , single-spaced letter addressing whether the Obama administration believes courts do indeed enjoy that power . In a sign of the political nature of the imbroglio , Smith 's phrasing in open court of the law as "  Obamacare " used a term coined by opponents of the law . Holder 's letter Thursday offered repeated deference to the power of the federal courts . He said the Justice Department "  has not in this litigation , nor in any other litigation of which I am aware , ever asked this or any other court to reconsider or limit long-established precedent concerning judicial review of the constitutionality of federal legislation . " Legal analysts say the administration is walking a fine line in trying to tamp down criticism from legal and political circles . "  There are two things going on , of course , " said Thomas Goldstein , a prominent Washington attorney , law professor , and publisher of SCOTUSBLOG.com . "  First , Holder  in the letter  says that we have an argument courts ca n't hear this case . Second , if you can hear the case , you certainly have the power to invalidate part of the statute as constitutional . But  he says  you should n't do that lightly . " The last part of Holder 's letter "  is how they are framing the president 's point -- that the courts need to give the elected branches deference , " Goldstein added . "  It 's a respectful letter , but it has an element of , ` What are you talking about , the president never said that . ' " The specific issue before the appeals court was a provision in the health care law restricting doctor-owned hospitals from expanding their facilities . The challenge was brought by an East Texas spine-and-joint hospital , and the case is separate from the cases being considered by the Supreme Court . After his initial remarks Monday proved controversial , Obama sought to clarify them Tuesday . "  The point I was making is that the Supreme Court is the final say on our Constitution and our laws , and all of us have to respect it , but it 's precisely because of that extraordinary power that the court has traditionally exercised significant restraint and deference to our duly elected legislature , our Congress , " Obama said . "  And so the burden is on those who would overturn a law like this . " The imbroglio continued Thursday , with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , using a Rotary Club speech in Lexington to tell Obama to "  back off " and let the courts do their work without political interference . "  The president crossed a dangerous line this week . And anyone who cares about liberty needs to call him out on it , " McConnell said . "  The independence of the court must be defended . Regardless of how the justices decide this case , they 're answerable , above all , to the Constitution they swore to uphold . The fact that this president does not appear to feel similarly constrained to respect their independence does n't change that one bit . So respectfully , I would suggest the president back off . " Even Obama 's former Harvard Law School professor and mentor , Laurence Tribe , said the president "  obviously misspoke , " telling the Wall Street Journal that "  I do n't think anything was gained by his making these comments and I do n't think any harm was done , except by public confusion . " Meanwhile , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney faced skeptical reporters Thursday just before Holder 's letter arrived at the appeals court . Carney said it was "  preposterous " to suggest Obama does not respect the power of courts to rule on the constitutionality of legislation . "  It is kind of ridiculous to believe that the president was n't talking about the context of the  health care  case , but I completely concede that he did not describe the context when he took the question and answered it on Monday , " Carney said . Two years ago , Obama attracted similar outcry when he criticized the high court 's conservative majority for striking down a campaign finance reform law , giving corporations greater power to spend in federal elections . Some conservative legal sources privately expressed disappointment in the appeals court 's order this week , saying it appeared punitive and petty to demand the Justice Department defend a position it had never disputed in court . "  It was like he  the judge  was giving a homework assignment to an unprepared student , " said one right-leaning lawyer , who opposes the health care law . "  It has the effect of putting the judiciary on the defensive , and could give rise to concerns the courts will look at the law from a political , not constitutional , perspective . " The Supreme Court held three days of oral arguments on the health care last week . The justices have not , and by custom will not , comment on pending appeals . Their written opinions , due in the next three months , will be the final word on the Affordable Care Act 's constitutionality , particularly the "  individual mandate " provision that requires most Americans to have health insurance by 2014 or face a financial penalty . CNN 's Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. McConnell says President Obama should "  back off " on the issue NEW : The White House acknkowledged Obama 's initial remarks lacked context Attorney General Holder says federal courts have the power to review laws The Supreme Court is deciding whether to rule the 2010 health care law unconstitutional
CNN  -- Four past or present United States presidents are among the nearly 100 world leaders joining celebrities and tens of thousands of South Africans to celebrate the life of Nelson Mandela Tuesday -- but some of the world 's best-known leaders are not there . Some are staying home for health reasons , like Queen Elizabeth II and former Cuban President Fidel Castro . Pope Francis is n't coming because of protocol -- popes simply do n't attend the funerals of world leaders . The situation with the Dalai Lama is a little more tricky . The Tibetan spiritual leader -- who is a Nobel Peace Prize laureate , as is Mandela -- was not granted a visa to visit South Africa the last two times he applied , likely because of pressure from China . He last tried to visit in 2011 , for the 80th birthday celebrations of Desmond Tutu . The South African archbishop lashed out at his government for failing to grant the Dalai Lama permission to enter , comparing it to the apartheid regime he and Mandela worked to overturn . And the Dalai Lama predicted that , denied the visa , he would never see Mandela again . The Tibetan said at the time he was "  very much hoping to see Nelson Mandela ,  who is  now very old . Now I have doubt whether I will have the occasion to meet Nelson Mandela or not . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is staying away , officially , for more prosaic reasons -- his office cited the cost of the trip and the difficulty of organizing security on such short notice . A delegation headed by Knesset Speaker Yuli Edelstein will stand in for the Israeli leader . Likewise , Prince Charles of Wales will formally represent the Queen and Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana attends on behalf of the Pope . Mandela , the former South African president and 1993 Nobel Peace Prize laureate , died Thursday at the age of 95 .	The Pope , Fidel Castro and Benjamin Netanyahu wo n't attend Mandela remembrances The Dalai Lama has n't been able to enter South Africa in the past The Pope and Israel sent stand-ins
CNN  -- Americans are drowning in debt . Consumers have racked up more than $ 2.2 trillion in purchases and cash advances on major credit cards in just the last year . And it 's become a habit for them to spend more than they have . The overall credit card debt grew by 315 percent from 1989 to 2006 , according to public policy research firm Demos . To compound the problem , fewer people are paying their credit cards bills on time . The percentage of people delinquent on their credit cards is the highest it 's been in three years , according to CardTrack.com . With banks tightening their standards and the drumbeat of recession getting louder , there 's no better time to grab control of your debt than now . First , you have to determine if your credit card spending habits are out of control . Here are some signs : Once you 've made a list of your debts , it 's time to prioritize your payments . Interest rates , on average , can range from 10 to 18 percent , according to Curtis Arnold of Cardratings.com . Tackle your highest-interest credit card first . With rates averaging about 14.5 percent , you really want to knock out the high-interest debts quickly . Try shifting high-interest credit card debt onto cards that have lower interest rates . The principal is not the only problem , it 's also the interest you 're accruing . If you have a $ 2,000 balance at a 14 percent interest rate -- and make just the minimum payments -- it will take you more than 14 years to pay off that debt plus the interest . Try to pay more than the minimum payments on your credit cards whenever you can . Another tip : Keep a close eye on your card 's interest rates and find out if there is room for negotiation Credit card companies are increasing fees and cutting credit limits , and some are increasing rates , according to Arnold , so be sure to scrutinize your monthly statements . Often the details of these changes are included in the fine print on your statement . If you 've been a good customer and you have good credit , now is a good time to negotiate for a higher credit limit or to knock some points off your interest rate , says John Ulzheimer of Credit.com . All it takes is a phone call . And it could save you hundreds of dollars in interest payments . Many credit card issuers already have policies in place . These credit card companies do n't want to lose your business . Of course , if you do n't have a great credit history or you 've made a few late payments , you may not get anywhere . One of the most important steps you can take in tackling debt is improving your credit . Your credit report is being even more closely scrutinized today by credit card issuers , mortgage lenders , auto dealers , insurance carriers and even potential employers . Also , do n't close old credit cards accounts . Even if you do n't use them frequently , it looks better for your credit score if you can show a long credit history , said Ulzheimer . And , he says , delay some spending . As a rule of thumb , you should try not to use more than 10 percent of your credit limit when making purchases . "  The people with the best credit have a utilization rate of no more than 7 percent , " he says . If your credit utilization is 50 percent or more of your credit limit , you are doing some real damage to your credit score , says Craig Watts of Fair Isaac , one of the companies that provides credit scores . When the new FICO '08 scoring model is adapted in May , if you have a utilization of over 50 percent , you 'll be penalized even more heavily E-mail to a friend	Americans put $ 2.2 trillion in debt on their credit cards last year Percentage of those who pay late is highest in three years Some companies will lower your interest rate Expert : Use no more than 10 percent of your available credit
CNN  -- Ruta Meilutyte 's initial brush with swimming as a seven-year-old in Lithuania could never have foretold her success in the pool . "  I remember in my first session I jumped into the deep end and nearly drowned , " Meilutyte told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  My coach kind of saved me . " One can safely say that she has gotten much , much better . Only eight years after that frightening experience , Meilutyte became her country 's maiden Olympic gold medalist in swimming by upsetting the reigning world champion in the 100-meter breaststroke at London 2012 . However , her path to success and "  rock star " status in Lithuania , as her coach put it , has n't been an easy one . Still not officially classified as an adult , she has had to deal with the death of her mother , who was hit by a car when Meilutyte was four and barely out of diapers . She was also forced to adapt to a new country when she left Lithuania for England in 2009 , a life-altering move instigated by her father who thought his daughter 's prospects in both swimming and academics would improve . He was right . Meilutyte trains in Plymouth , southwest England , and goes to the same school attended by Tom Daley , a bronze medalist in diving for Great Britain in 2012 . Her coach Jon Rudd calls her a "  great scholar . " In Lithuania , the pool is "  not great , " Meilutyte said . "  We do n't have a good training facility . Also it 's really hard to combine school with swimming . You either do one or the other . "  We just decided to go to England because it would be a great time to balance school and swimming at the same time as college . Yes Lithuania and England are really a bit different , the people are different , but I got used to it really fast . " It 's indeed apparent that Meilutyte , a bubbly blonde , is a quick learner . Although she says the breaststroke was "  natural " for her , it was n't her original specialty . "  I did it once for a laugh , because I was a freestyler , and it went really well , " Meilutyte said . "  So I kept competing in it and training until I got better and better . "  It 's quite a tough stroke but I really like it . It 's like a frog stroke . " She used to "  mess about " in training and only took swimming seriously when she broke a national record in her age group . That 's when something clicked . She liked the feeling winning brought , and pushed herself further . Still , not many , including Meilutyte herself , expected her to claim gold at the Olympics . In a sport where half a second is a sizable progression , Meilutyte shaved about two seconds off her personal best in London , raising her level when it mattered most . In the final , Meilutyte edged American 2011 world champion Rebecca Soni -- someone she looked up to as a role model -- by 0.08 seconds . Australia 's Leisel Jones , one of the leading swimmers of her generation , was in the final , too . "  It was all really surreal for quite a while , " Meilutyte said . "  It takes a while to sink in because my mind was n't preparing for anything like that . I never told myself I would win a medal . " Soni would later win gold in the 200m breaststroke in London to successfully defend her 2008 Olympic title from Beijing . "  I always looked up to her , " Meilutyte said . "  Being there with all the best swimmers of the world is something I always dreamed of . " Now Meilutyte , at 16 , is a role model . Rudd said a breakout performance from Meilutyte had been "  brewing for a while " and that there was nothing sinister behind her incredible improvement -- Chinese teen Ye Shiwen had to rebut accusations of possible drug use after her own world-record performances at London 2012 . "  We did n't realistically know what she would do , " Rudd said in July , following Meilutyte 's victory . "  Her breaststroke was pretty tidy and we tidied it up even more . "  She is a talented and vigilant worker . When you 've got talent and work ethic , you 've got a great kid . " Along with putting in the hours , Meilutyte is a fierce competitor . For her , finishing second is n't good enough . "  I think I am really competitive in everything , " she said . "  I love racing , I love winning , I hate losing . I think that 's one of the properties I 've got and one of the things that push me in training . "  I 've got goals I want to achieve . " As hard of a worker as Meilutyte is , she does admit that it 's not easy leaving her warm bed for a cold pool in Plymouth to begin her day . The usual starting time for training is 5:30 a.m. , when most of her fellow students are sleeping . She usually trains 30 hours per week overall -- the toughest parts are the extended non-stop cardio sessions -- but must fulfill her commitments as a fulltime student . Sometimes she struggles to stay awake in the classroom . It 's no surprise that Meilutyte does n't have much time to hang around with friends . "  You do n't have much time to socialize , " she said . "  I have to train early so I ca n't stay up late , so obviously the social life gets affected a bit . But I do n't mind . "  You get into a routine with it . It all becomes a bit easier . There is an outcome at the end of this . It is worth it . " As for fast food and the like , it 's off limits . Well , mostly . "  I do n't count my calories , " Meilutyte added . "  I have to eat a lot , healthy food , not cakes , although I do like chocolate and cakes a lot . " Meilutyte 's next major meet is next month 's world championships in Barcelona , where she has a busy program competing in the 50m and 100m breaststroke , plus the 50m and 100m freestyle . And yes , Meilutyte will continue to represent Lithuania , the former Soviet republic -- though she is sometimes asked if she wants to switch nationalities after spending four years in Britain . "  Some of my teammates from Lithuania also do n't train in Lithuania , " she said . "  It does n't really matter where you train -- as long as you go to competition and you have the Lithuanian T-shirt on , you are representing your country . "  That 's what I train for , to represent my country , and I want the world to know about it . " The world has gotten to know Ruta Meilutyte , and there could be more to come .	Ruta Meilutyte says getting out of bed is difficult but she does it because she loves swimming As a 15-year-old in 2012 , Meilutyte became Lithuania 's first Olympic gold medalist in the pool Several years after the death of her mother , Meilutyte moved to England to better her prospects Meilutyte says she visualizes her races from start to finish before major swimming meets
CNN  It is now generally accepted that Germanwings first officer Andreas Lubitz did indeed lock his captain out of the cockpit , put their airplane into a steep descent , and then sit back and wait calmly for the end to arrive . He did it with premeditation , having discarded a doctor 's note that would have excused him from work that day . He joins the short and infamous list of airline pilots , a handful over the past two decades , who have used their airplanes to combine suicide with mass murder . Why is this thought at once so fascinating and so horrifying ? It is because of the incompatibility between what we want to believe about flying and what we now see . Air travel presents itself as a highly controlled , stringently professional activity , stripped of every unpredictable element . Flight crews wear military-style uniforms not because they could not fly equally well in street clothes , but because uniforms convey to passengers a subliminal suggestion that they are of a different breed , as far from ordinary folk as a world-class athlete is from a duffer . Not only are pilots smarter and better-trained than ordinary people , those stripes and caps say , but they also must be less forgetful than we , less distractible , better rested , not prone to irritability or sadness or smoldering resentments . Like soldiers , they must be just a little bit robotic , efficient , brave and purified of the trash that infests the souls of common humans . Because they have earned their stripes , we feel safe -- even when it seems impossible for us to understand , or apparently for anyone to explain , what keeps those huge metal contraptions up in the air . The truth , as the voluminous history of airplane accidents reveals , is that pilots are not different from other people . They can be careless , lazy , inattentive and reckless . They can drink too much . When pilots talk among themselves , the mistakes , the close calls , the disasters averted by sheer luck are favorite topics . But if pilots slip up in little ways from time to time , the sweeping drama of aviation , in which they are the actors and we the audience , eclipses their faults . Besides , most flying is routine -- hours of boredom , the cliché goes , punctuated by moments of sheer terror . The glitches have long since been ironed out , and the airplanes are so wonderfully engineered that they usually protect even the worst pilot from himself . Nor are pilots of a higher moral type than the rest of us . Despite the pieties they occasionally utter , pilots do not consciously shoulder the burden of hundreds of lives or feel more responsible for a full airplane than for an empty one . Pilots , by and large , are proud . They identify with the airplane ; it is an extension and enlargement of the self , and the pilot feels the same motive to deliver it safely to its destination as you feel when driving a car on a crowded freeway . A pilot values a smooth landing because it demonstrates skill , not because the people in back are still alive . The greatest guarantee you have that your pilot is devoted to your safety is the fact that he or she is in the airplane with you . So we should not be overly astonished if from time to time a pilot does something completely incompatible with our confidence . Pilots are drawn from the diverse pool of human types . The human mind is the blackest of boxes ; no one , neither colleague nor psychologist , can reliably peer inside it . Desperate , cataclysmic acts occur almost daily all over the world ; why should they not occur , once in a long while , in cockpits ? Perhaps , with time , we will understand better who Andreas Lubitz was and what he did . Today , we still know very little .	Experts suspect first officer Andreas Lubitz locked pilot out of the cockpit of plane Peter Garrison : Pilots do n't exist on different moral plane than the rest of us , and the human mind is the blackest of boxes
Washington  CNN  -- A Mississippi man was indicted Monday in the mailing of ricin-laced letters to President Barack Obama and two other officials . The five-count indictment charges James Everett Dutschke , 41 , with producing and using the deadly toxin as a weapon , using the mail to threaten Obama , Republican Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi and Lee County Judge Sadie Holland . The indictment alleges Dutschke tried to implicate someone else for the crimes . That other man , an Elvis impersonator named Paul Kevin Curtis , was arrested on April 17 . He claimed he 'd been framed , and the charges against him were dropped less than a week later . Dutschke was then arrested April 27 and charged with producing the ricin . Curtis had said the two men knew each other and had a falling out . New poison letters put ricin under microscope An affidavit released earlier said investigators conducted searches of Dutschke 's home and former place of business and found incriminating items including latex gloves and a dust mask . The mask tested positive for ricin . According to court papers , each letter contained the same message , saying in part , "  Maybe I have your attention now Even if that means someone must die . This must stop . To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " What is ricin ? The letters all ended with the words "  I am KC and I approve this message . " That was a phrase commonly used by Paul Kevin Curtis in online postings . The indictment claims Dutschke used such language in the messages "  to make it appear that Paul Kevin Curtis was responsible " for the letters . If convicted Dutschke could face up to life in prison and hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines . He is scheduled to be arraigned in Oxford , Mississippi , on Thursday . CNN 's message to Dutschke 's lawyer was not immediately returned . Ricin : Almost never deadly	The indictment says the defendant tried to blame another man The other man was arrested , then later released The 5-count indictment charges James Everett Dutschke with using ricin as a weapon Letters were sent to Obama and two others
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's government will offer transportation and other assistance to those in a buffer zone around the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , a top official said Friday , noting these people have been put in a "  difficult " situation . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said authorities are encouraging people living between 20 and 30 kilometers  12.5 and 19 miles  from the plant to leave the area voluntarily because of the challenges they "  have faced in their daily lives . " Those who live closer already have been ordered to evacuate because of dangerously high levels of radiation . A primary challenge for that region , he said , has had to do with commerce -- namely , the difficulty in getting needed materials in and out of the area . This is not a mandatory evacuation , Edano said . Still , he said , he could not rule out future mandatory evacuations if radiation rises to unsafe levels . Other nations , including the United States and England , have urged their citizens to stay 80 kilometers  50 miles  or more away from the embattled power plant over radiation concerns . Japan has urged those within a 20-kilometer radius to evacuate and those within 30 kilometers to try and stay indoors . Still , even those well outside the plant area are being affected by the radioactive emissions . Traces of radioactive iodine tied to the plant have been detected as far away as Sweden and the United States . Authorities have said those levels are far below what 's considered harmful to humans . Two Japanese citizens -- one from Nagano and the other from Saitama , both 200 kilometers or further from Fukushima -- traveling to China were taken to a hospital after showing exceedingly high levels of radiation , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . A spokesman for Japan 's embassy in China said Friday that the two are "  fine " having left the hospital and joined their tour group . "  Abnormal radiation " was also detected earlier on a Japanese ship , Xinhua said . But in Japan , radioactive materials detected in water , food and elsewhere have had a major impact . The number of banned food items is growing regularly , and has affected not only consumers , but farmers who rely on the products to make a living . One chief concern is the presence of radioactive substances in tap water . Four sites in Ibaraki Prefecture showed radiation levels above what is considered safe for babies to drink , according to government data released Friday . The affected facilities provide water for residents in the cities of Tokaimura and Hitachi . The results , from samples taken on Thursday , showed between a low of 119 becquerels of radioactive iodine per kilogram of water to a high of 230 becquerels of the same radioactive substance . Anything higher than that 100 becquerels is considered unsafe for infants under 1 year old , though the levels remain under the 300 becquerel threshold for adults . Tokyo 's waterworks bureau reported Friday , based on tests conducted that morning , that there were 51 becquerels of radioactive iodine per kilogram of tap water . The previous day , Tokyo Gov. Shintaro Ishihara lifted the previously announced recommendation that babies not drink tap water after tests from Tuesday night showed levels of radiation more than twice the limit for babies . There was also positive news in the Chiba Prefecture Friday , where all five water treatment facilities had levels of radioactive iodine less than 100 becquerels per kilogram of tap water . The previous day , two plants in Chiba had reported high levels . The fate of Japan 's fishing industry is also a hot topic , given fears that spreading radiation might poison fish or scare off customers . The Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which operates the Fukushima Daiichi plant , said its latest readings from Thursday morning show levels of radioactive iodine 104 times higher than normal in the waters 330 meters off the facility 's Nos. 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 reactors . "  I do n't know when this will end , " said Seiji Nakzato , 75 , a fisherman from Tokyo . "  Business is down . People do n't want to buy fish because they 're afraid of radiation . " Still , this is marked progress compared to the previous day 's reading , when levels were 147 times higher than normal . The latest results also showed levels of the radioactive iodine were 28 times normal some 10 kilometers south of the plant and 13 times higher about 16 kilometers away . Agriculture in Japan has also been threatened in this crisis , with tests showing radioactive materials at levels exceeding legal limits in 12 types of vegetables grown near the nuclear plant , according to the nation 's health ministry . Prime Minister Naoto Kan has also asked Ibaraki Prefecture to suspend shipments of raw milk and parsley , according to Edano . The government of Fukushima Prefecture has asked residents not to eat leafy vegetables . And on Friday , a Chinese government agency posted on its website that it had banned dairy products , vegetables , fruits and acquatic animals and products from the Japanese prefectures of Fukushima , Tochigi , Gunma , Ibaraki and Chiba . They join several other countries , including the United States , in prohibiting the import of certain food products from Japan . Radiation levels in the food would not cause health problems right away , Edano said , but if they rise , they may reach levels risky to human health . The decision to prohibit produce sales is another potentially devastating blow to a part of northeast Japan hit by the earthquake and tsunami . Fukushima Prefecture ranks among Japan 's top producers of fruits , vegetables and rice . Ibaraki Prefecture , south of Fukushima , supplies Tokyo with a significant amount of fruits and vegetables , and is the third-largest pork producer in the nation .	NEW : Two Japanese hospitalized in China due to radiation are "  fine , " a spokesman says High radiation is detected in Ibaraki Prefecture water ; water safe in Tokyo , Chiba Radiation in seawater is 104 times above normal , a drop from the previous day An official says Japan will provide shuttles for those within 20-to-30 km of the plant
CNN  -- In a special report for CNN 's Eye on Russia week , Moscow Correspondent Matthew Chance travels across the vast country from the northern port of Murmansk in the Arctic to the southern city of Sochi on the Black Sea . Here Chance recalls some highlights from his epic journey . Matthew Chance undergoes cosmonaut training at Star City . Arctic Ambitions MURMANSK -- What an incredible , surprising place to begin a journey . At latitudes where most other Arctic states maintain little more than a few isolated scientific outposts , Russia has an entire city of 300,000 . In fact , Murmansk is one of the friendlier , more pleasant cities I have ever visited in this country . The northern air is rich to breathe ; the strange Arctic light lends a magical glow to the landscape . And there 's a cafe culture ! We sipped cappuccinos in the Arctic Circle and made friends with locals who seemed genuinely pleased to be living in their frigid metropolis . You might think Murmansk is just a freezing monument to the Soviet Union 's grim determination to settle citizens across its sprawling territory at any cost . But today it 's as much a symbol of modern Russia 's Arctic ambitions : a strong foothold in a region believed to possess vast natural resources . In the global race for control of the Arctic , Murmansk is giving Russia a crucial head start . Beast from the East ST. PETERSBURG -- For a day and a half , we trundled through the tundra on board the Arctic Express to St. Petersburg -- plenty of time to watch the white blankets of snow that covered the land gradually disappear . But we had come to Russia 's city of beauty to meet its beast . Nikolai Valuev stands an incredible 7 feet tall , is a heavyweight boxing champion of the world and a Russian sporting hero . He used to be known to U.S. boxing promoters as "  The Beast From The East " -- but he did n't care much for the name . Now he prefers "  The Russian Giant " which was absolutely fine with me . In fact , Valuev is disarmingly pleasant and soft-spoken . He told me he had to work hard on being extra nice simply to stop people from being frightened when meeting him . Now he concentrates on encouraging Russia 's youth to take up boxing . The country , he says , is a potential hotbed of future champions . Valuev has found fame outside the ring too , starring in several Russian movies and writing a book . He also writes poetry . Star City MOSCOW -- If you 've got $ 30 million to spend , you might want to consider training to be a space tourist in Russia 's Star City . This is the country 's biggest cosmonaut training center and the next stop on our journey . Between 2010 and 2015 -- when NASA 's space shuttle ends its missions , and until the new generation of U.S. craft come online -- Russia will be the only country to have manned missions into space , including to the International Space Station . NASA is now sending all its astronauts here to train in the Soyuz capsule , the vehicle on which they will depend to carry them through their missions . And the training is vigorous . I know because someone , somehow , convinced me to sample it ! Ever been strapped in a centrifuge and subjected to the same G-force as a cosmonaut taking off in a Soyuz ? I have , and I did n't like it .	Moscow Correspondent Matthew Chance travels across Russia by train Chance 's journey begins in Murmansk in Arctic , ends in Sochi on Black Sea Chance meets Russian boxer Nikolai Valuev , samples cosmonaut training
CNN  What can President Barack Obama realistically do in his final two years ? Beyond executive action , his power to impact public policy is limited . Pundits can talk all they want about the President being "  more aggressive " in his State of the Union address and report on how he wo n't be willing to be passive when faced with Republican opposition , but the truth is that Republicans control Congress . Most in the GOP will have little interest in cutting deals with the President . The odds of passing major legislation are slim . Even if the President fights tooth and nail , the nation wo n't see another New Deal or Great Society in the coming years . As a number of experts have explained , he can continue to use executive power , but that , too , is limited in terms of what he can achieve on the domestic front . Executive power only applies to a limited number of changes within existing law , and these decisions can be overturned by the next president . Yet there is something that the President can focus on in the coming months to significantly strengthen his long-term impact on the nation : Help Democrats do well in the 2016 election . President Obama 's best bet is to establish the conditions that improve the odds for a Democratic president and Congress to succeed him . In many respects , most lame duck presidencies are more about the future than the present . If Democrats expand their power in 2016 , they will be in better position to protect and nurture the programs , such as the Affordable Care Act , that have passed during Obama 's tenure in the White House . And the longer that policies remain in place , the more voters and organized interests become invested in those programs and determined to protect the status quo . As the President did in a forceful State of the Union Address , he must continue to flood the agenda with ideas and issues that will excite and engage Democrats . There are many Democrats who feel deeply disillusioned after so many of the promises from 2008 remained unfulfilled , such as taming the role of money in politics , putting stringent regulations on Wall Street or restoring the balance between civil liberties and counterterrorism . Some have concluded that a broken Washington is impervious to change while others have lamented how a rightward drifting Republican Party has dominated Capitol Hill and stifled the administration from making substantial progress . Still other Democrats have complained that Obama has not put up enough of a fight and has been too willing to compromise his principles . Even if the odds of Congress passing bills based on Obama 's proposals are slim , the President can help generate ongoing media discussion about key issues -- such as income inequality or middle class insecurity -- that play well for Democratic presidential candidates . As we have already seen in some of the early buzz from potential GOP presidential candidates such as Mitt Romney , Republicans are feeling defensive about the perception that they only represent the wealthiest Americans . Through speeches and proposals , Obama can keep this issue , and others like climate change or immigration reform , on the table so that Democratic voters remember what 's at stake in 2016 when they vote for the next president . The President can also help make sure that the next congressional elections in 2016 go as well as possible for his party . President Obama has learned the hard way that without a supportive Congress , not much gets done . Since 2010 , when Republicans took control of Congress , Capitol Hill has been rough sledding for the administration . One of his problems has been that President Obama 's relations with Democrats on the Hill have been continually tense . Many congressional Democrats have felt that the President has not done enough to support them in midterm elections , including in 2014 , at the same time that he has sent extraordinarily controversial proposals , such as the Affordable Care Act , to them that create electoral problems back home . In 2016 , Democrats probably have very little opportunity to win control of the House given the size of Republican margins and the fact that gerrymandered districts make it unlikely to have big swings in House elections . However , they do have a chance to retake control of the Senate since more GOP seats will be at risk and Democrats can have better turnout with a strong presidential candidate on the ticket . In the coming years , the administration needs to work carefully and closely with Democrats in competitive states such as Illinois to ensure they have support , organizational enthusiasm and money . The final question will be how the President interacts with the Democratic presidential candidate . This has always been difficult , as was evident with Vice President Al Gore in 2000 when his awkward relationship with President Bill Clinton hurt his candidacy . This will be extraordinarily important when the top candidate emerges . Assuming the Democratic nominee will be the undeclared but widely acknowledged frontrunner , Hillary Clinton , the President will have to put aside some of the tensions that have existed with her to make sure that the candidacy runs as smoothly as possible . What happens after a president leaves office is as important as what a president does while in power . The success of Social Security and the Wagner Act remain the most lasting monument to FDR , while the endurance of so many of President Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society programs during the Age of Reagan enabled many Americans to remember his impressive domestic accomplishments in spite of the tragedy of Vietnam . President George H.W. Bush ensured that Ronald Reagan 's moves to reach peace with the Soviet Union in 1987 did not go to waste , while Republicans and Democrats in Congress have entrenched most of the national security programs President George W. Bush put into place . President Obama needs to keep his eyes on 2016 . Realistically , this is the best way that he can bolster his own legacy and that of his party -- helping to set up political tools that Democrats will need to thrive once he is back in Chicago or New York and preventing the emergence of a conservative political coalition that would pick apart the achievements of the Obama presidency .	Julian Zelizer : As a lame duck with GOP Congress , Obama 's powers are limited He says best focus for the President is to position his party to win in 2016
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Navy team including some 200 industry experts and scientists has been working furiously since January to modify the Aegis air-defense missile system so it can shoot down a failed satellite officials say could fall to Earth , a Pentagon official told CNN . A Delta II rocket lifts off in December , carrying a reconnaissance satellite that failed hours later . The Pentagon said the U.S. Navy plans to try to shoot down a faulty spy satellite with a modified anti-missile missile on Wednesday . It would be the first such maneuver in more than two decades -- and the first ever using sea-based missiles . Without any intervention , officials believe the 5,000-pound secret spy satellite would fall to Earth on its own in early March . Because it malfunctioned immediately after it was launched in December 2006 , it has a full tank -- about 1,000 pounds -- of frozen , toxic hydrazine propellant on board . Authorities said the fuel tank probably would survive re-entry and could disperse harmful or even potentially deadly fumes over an area the size of two football fields . Hydrazine is similar to chlorine or ammonia in that it affects the lungs and breathing tissue . Pentagon sources said the Navy is attempting to take its first shot about 10:30 p.m. ET , or 5:30 p.m. Hawaii time . A formal notice was issued earlier this week , warning ships and planes to stay clear of a large area of the Pacific Ocean west of Hawaii . The window covered by the "  Notice to Airmen " begins about 9:30 p.m. ET Wednesday  4:30 p.m. Hawaii time  and lasts for 2 1/2 hours . Among the team 's challenges was modifying the sensors designed to detect the heat from an incoming warhead because the satellite will be much cooler . Selected for the mission is the Aegis-equipped cruiser USS Lake Erie , which is fully equipped with sea-based missile defense systems , and has long been the Navy 's primary ship for the sea-based missile defense program , officials said . The Lake Erie will be joined in the Pacific by two destroyers , the USS Decatur and the USS Russell . The Lake Erie will fire the missile , the Decatur will feed trajectory information to the Erie , and the Russell will be the Decatur 's backup , authorities have said . The satellite and the missile will be heading toward each other at about 22,000 mph . The satellite is about the size of a school bus , authorities have said , and the missile will be aimed at its fuel tank , which is about 3 or 4 feet long . The missile would release a "  kinetic kill vehicle , " enabling it to "  see " the satellite and adjust its course toward it , officials have said . After the first of the three missiles is shot , officials will determine if the satellite was hit . If it was n't , they may take another shot , depending on whether they have enough time . The window of time for the operation begins hours after the scheduled landing of the space shuttle Atlantis at 9:07 a.m. ET . Officials earlier had said a shootdown of the satellite would not be attempted until after the shuttle had landed . Pentagon officials have cautioned that the advisory reflects only the first opportunity to take a shot at the satellite , although the attempt could be delayed until later . "  It 's possible the conditions wo n't be ideal , or that everything wo n't be ready , " a Pentagon official , who asked not to be identified , told CNN . It 's unclear whether the event will be visible to the naked eye , as it will occur in daylight . The satellite will be visible with infrared imaging gear . Those looking into the western sky -- in the right spot -- from Hawaii may be able to see the satellite 's demise , but it 's unlikely that viewers will be treated to the spectacular light show witnessed by those on the Pacific island of Fiji when the Russian space station Mir streaked across the sky during its fiery re-entry in 2001 . Officials have told CNN the shootdown carries a $ 40 million to $ 60 million price tag . The missile alone costs $ 10 million , Lt. Gen. Carter Ham told reporters . The goal is to strike the satellite in low orbit , just before it re-enters the Earth 's atmosphere , at an altitude of about 150 miles . The missile will carry no warhead , as the idea is to blast the satellite apart on impact so that the hydrazine tank explodes . Watch Pentagon spokesman Jeff Morrell describe the launch window " The smaller debris would be more likely to burn up in the atmosphere . Most of the debris would re-enter the atmosphere within hours of impact , NASA Administrator Michael Griffin has said . Deputy National Security Adviser James Jeffrey said earlier this month that President Bush made the decision to shoot the satellite down after consulting with several government and military officials and aerospace experts . The United States last shot down a satellite in 1985 , using a missile fired from an F-15 fighter jet at an altitude of about 80,000 feet . In January 2007 , China used a land-based missile to destroy a 1-metric ton  2,200-pound  satellite that was orbiting 528 miles above the Earth . The impact left more than 100,000 pieces of debris orbiting the planet , NASA estimated -- 2,600 of them "  large , " or more than 4 inches across . The U.S. agency called the breakup of the Fengyun-C satellite the worst in history . China , however , is among a host of countries monitoring the satellite shootdown . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jamie McIntyre and Miles O'Brien contributed to this report .	NEW : First attempt expected to be Wednesday night 5,000-pound satellite malfunctioned right after launch in December 2006 It has a full tank of fuel and could dispense deadly fumes if it hits Earth If satellite falls to Earth , it could leave a cloud of fumes the size of 2 football fields
EW.com  -- "  True Blood " fans are still reeling from last night 's epic and bloody season finale . SPOILER ALERT ! We saw the returns of Grands  Lois Smith  and Rene  Michael Raymond-James  , as well as possibly the resurrection of Russell  Denis O'Hare  . But the most disturbing twists were Lafayette  Nelsan Ellis  stabbing Jesus  Kevin Alejandro  , and Tara  Rutina Wesley  getting shot in the head by Debbie Pelt  Britt Morgan  . EW talked to Wesley about the finale and whether or not Tara survived the gunshot wound . What did you think when you read the season finale script ? Well I mean , I knew ahead of time that it was coming . It 's always a scary place as an actor to go there . I do n't know what their plans are for next season . I know that Alan has said there are "  big plans , " but I do n't know what that really means , and things can always change . I 'm not for sure , but I trust him completely . At the end of the day , it 's hard to see how I 'm coming back , seeing as half of my head was just blown off . I do n't know . They may figure something out . I mean it 's True Blood . There 's always flashbacks . There 's phantasms . There 's all this crazy stuff . It 's very possible . But I 'm excited either way . If it does all end , I 've had the most amazing time of my life . It 's really great . In your mind , is Tara dead ? Well I mean half my head is missing . I 'm just gon na keep saying that . You know , it 's "  True Blood . " I feel like anything is possible . If anything , it is the golden hour though . If she is able to be saved , it 's like she 's got 20 seconds . It 's not a lot of time . I 'm curious to see what they 're going to do with all of it . I hope I 'm back . But again half my head is missing -LSB- laughs -RSB- . Maybe Tara will just wear a lot of hats ? Yeah I mean yeah she can wear a lot of hats . Put some gauze on it . But people are going crazy ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- It was crazy ! Are people approaching you ? Well my phone has been blowing up . I talked to Nelsan and his phone was blowing up . He was like , "  People are about to start a riot over you . " I think that 's so sweet to know that people out there are really upset and some people are like , "  I 'm not watching the show anymore ! " I 'm like , C'mon guys . But it 's not over . It ai n't over til the fat lady sings . I 'm just gon na take it one day at a time . As I said , I have n't seen any scripts from next season , but I know that I 'm involved -- I just do n't know in what way . Are you signed on for a season 5 ? Yeah . It 's out there that Alan has already said that he has big plans for Tara . But things change . I do n't know exactly what they have in store for me and how long that will be . It 's tricky . And if I did know , I 'm just not going to say . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- But again -- half the head is missing . The cool part is people are talking . And that 's the question is : Is she dead or is she not ? Because people can survive head wounds . But we have people on the show that can make things happen -- you know what I mean ? I do n't know what 's going to happen the first episode of next season . I 'm just as excited and curious you are . I hope it 's good . I hope I stick around for a while . That would be nice . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Was it emotional shooting that scene on the kitchen floor ? It was emotional . I think we all went out afterwards -- me , Britt and Anna -- just to sort of have a little celebration . But it was very very emotional . I do n't think there was a dry eye when we shot that scene . It 's very clear the relationship when Tara goes , "  I would die for you . " Basically , I would take a bullet for you . That 's not necessarily a best friend -- she 's like my sister . I think it was so amazing to see that . To see her walk in and go , "  Oh , uh-uh . " That goes to show you how much love Tara has . Anna in that moment I think played it so beautifully , and it was hard for me because I was like , "  Okay , play dead . Play dead . " For more on "  True Blood 's " finale as well as a preview of what 's in store for season 5 , pick up the latest issue of Entertainment Weekly on stands Friday , September 16 . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I do n't know exactly what they have in store for me , " Wesley said of her role on the show Wesley : "  It 's ` True Blood . ' I feel like anything is possible . " "  If it does all end , I 've had the most amazing time of my life , " she said .
CNN  -- It can be quite expensive to adopt a child in the United States . CNN Hero Becky Fawcett and her husband , Kipp , paid about $ 40,000 when they adopted their first child , Jake , in 2005 . Knowing how many others would n't be able to afford such a steep price , Fawcett created Helpusadopt.org , which provides families with grants ranging from $ 500 to $ 15,000 . Fawcett , who also adopted her daughter , 18-month-old Brooke , recently spoke with CNN 's Allie Torgan about her experiences and how they led her to help other adoptive families . Allie Torgan : When did you get the idea for Helpusadopt.org ? Becky Fawcett : We were sitting in our lawyer 's office . You 're given an approximate total  of the adoption cost  , and you have to sign it so you know how much this could possibly be . For some reason -- and I will never know why I did it -- I looked at our lawyer and I said : "  We have the money to pay you . But I need to know if I did n't , what happens to me now ? What happens at this point to people who ca n't afford this ? " Our lawyer had two choices when I asked this question . And it 's so important the decision he made . He could have said , "  I do n't know . " But he decided to give us the God 's honest truth . He said , "  Unfortunately , I 've heard of people living a childless life . " And that was my moment I fell apart . I sat there and thought , if my life had been slightly different ... and I was told that I was not going to be a mother because I could n't afford adoption , I do n't even know what I would have done . I do n't know who I would have turned to for help . I do n't know what that would have meant for my marriage . It just hit me : I knew how lucky we were . Had this whole conversation not happened , Helpusadopt.org would not exist . Fawcett explains why her children 's birth mothers are her heroes Torgan : How did your initial plan for Helpusadopt.org come to fruition ? Fawcett : We wanted to support everybody . We wanted to help people adopt on their terms . There would be absolutely no application fee . We wanted to give sizable grants that would be life-changing . We crafted very carefully a "  friends and family " letter . We educated them  about  the cost of adoption , because no one fathoms this . It was just an instantaneous decision on people 's part to climb on board . We never asked for a penny . It just came in . Torgan : Who have you helped ? Fawcett : We 've helped LGBT families . We 've helped single women . We 've helped a single man . We 've helped heterosexual married couples . We 've helped people adopt special-needs children , both  from  here in the United States and from abroad . We 've helped foster-care adoptions . Our families are amazing . I think sometimes they 're shocked to hear from me , because we do want to hear what 's going on after the fact . We do n't give you the grant money and disappear . We consider these people part of our family . We ask for baby pictures . We ask for updates . This is a labor of love . Torgan : What is your hope for the future of Helpusadopt.org ? Fawcett : The problem of people being able to afford adoption and build their families is not a solvable one as I see it . I wish that I could be the brilliant woman who wakes up one day and says I got it all figured out . But I do n't see a foreseeable answer to this . Helpusadopt.org solves part of the problem . We 're helping people bring their children home and we 're helping all types of families , which is the most important part of what we do . It 's my dream that my grandchildren will sit on this board some day . See the full story on CNN Hero Becky Fawcett : Adoptive mom helps ` give birth ' to 43 families	CNN Hero Becky Fawcett is helping Americans get the money they need to adopt She calls her organization , Helpusadopt.org , a "  labor of love " The group has assisted all kinds of families as well as single people
CNN  -- Downpours subsided temporarily in the Philippines on Sunday , a day after Tropical Storm Ketsana pummeled the capital Manila with its heaviest rainfall in more than 40 years . Filipino pedestrians in Quezon City , a suburb of Manila , brave Tropical Storm Ketsana 's floodwaters . Flood spawned by the rainfall killed at least 75 people with at least 21 others missing , the government said . More than 80 percent of the capital was under water that swallowed whole houses and buses . Manila , in the island of Luzon , and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the storm . People huddled on rooftops Sunday waiting on army helicopters to pluck them to safety . Others used ropes to wade through waist-deep muddy waters . Power and water supply failed in some areas . Roads were rendered impassable , making rescue efforts challenging . Are you there ? Share your story or pictures "  Right now the challenge is to find out how many people have actually died and how many people we have to take care of in terms of people who 've been displaced , " said Richard Gordon , the chairman of the Philippines National Red Cross . "  We 're really talking about maybe hundreds of thousands of people , " with about 280,000 to 300,000 displaced in the island of Luzon alone , he said . Though the Philippines is no stranger to floods , Saturday 's downpours approached a record , with a month 's worth of rain falling within six hours . The average rainfall for the entire month of September is 391 mm  15.4 inches  , said Gilberto Teodoro , secretary of national defense and chairman of the National Disaster Coordinating Council . The capital experienced 341 mm  13.4 inches  between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m. , he said . Officials worried that if the rains return , they could bring more floods if reservoirs burst . "  We 're hoping that there will be no more breaching of the dams , " Gordon said . "  That 's one of the things that are very disconcerting to many people right now . " Mike Anthony Catuira spent Sunday retrieving valuable belongings and seeking cover on higher ground . Overflowing rivers in the municipality of Tanay in Rizal province had inundated shops and homes , he said . "  The storm 's local name ` Ondoy ' is really a powerful storm , and this is the most severe storm in my whole life , " he said in a report to iReport , the CNN Web site that allows people to submit pictures and videos .	Up to 300,000 people may be displaced , Red Cross official says Government begins massive relief operations following deadly floods More than 75 are dead in Philippines in flooding from Tropical Storm Ketsana
CNN  -- An attorney for Florida A&M University 's longtime band director , Julian E. White , said his client has demonstrated "  exemplary " anti-hazing leadership and should not be dismissed following the death of a drum major . In a letter Friday to FAMU President James H. Ammons , attorney Charles E. "  Chuck " Hobbs III said White 's reports and suspensions related to hazing have not always been met with suspensions from the university or action by law enforcement . Ammons moved Wednesday to fire White , who had led the 420-member band since 1998 . "  The reason for this intended employment action is based upon your alleged misconduct and/or incompetence involving confirmed reports and allegations of hazing with the Department of Music and the ` Marching 100 , ' " Ammons said in a letter to White . The dismissal came four days after the death . Band members had returned to their Orlando hotel following a game last Saturday . There , Robert Champion , 26 , "  reportedly threw up in the parking lot and started complaining of not being able to breathe , " the sheriff 's office said in a release . Champion was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Ammons ' letter notified White that he was being dismissed effective December 22 and placed on administrative leave , with pay , effective immediately . The letter was provided to CNN by the university . Hobbs ' letter said White has had many honors while holding his "  dream position . " "  Dr. White has been at the vanguard of implementing measures to eliminate hazing within the Marching 100 over the past 22 years , " it read . "  From an administrative standpoint ... . hazing within the Marching 100 has often been met with reckless indifference by White 's superior officers , who often ignored his requests for assistance or who privately lauded his decisions to suspend members from the band for hazing while failing to ensure that hazers were either charged with applicable criminal offenses or expelled . " Opinion : What I learned from the FAMU marching band In addition , Hobbs wrote , White is a fully tenured professor entitled to due process . He argued there are no grounds for White being dismissed for "  just cause . " On Wednesday , Gov. Rick Scott sent a letter to Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Gerald Bailey asking the department to join the investigation "  to assure that the circumstances leading to Mr. Champion 's death become fully known , and that if there are individuals directly or indirectly responsible for this death , they are appropriately brought to justice and held accountable . " Authorities have not said what happened to Champion . A spokeswoman for the Orange County Medical Examiner 's Office said Wednesday that the autopsy had not been completed and that no cause of death was available . Under Florida law , any death that occurs as the result of hazing is a third-degree felony . After the incident , Ammons suspended band performances and said he will convene a task force "  to determine if there are any unauthorized and questionable activities associated with the culture of the Marching 100 . " Ammons acknowledged that at least 30 band members were let go this semester because of possible involvement in hazing . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	The band director at Florida A&M challenges pending dismissal A 26-year-old drum major became ill and died after a game At least 30 band members were let go this semester because of alleged hazing
CNN  Jon Stewart ripped into Mike Huckabee on the "  Daily Show " Monday , saying the former Arkansas governor was being hypocritical in his recent criticism of Beyoncé . In his book that was released Tuesday , "  God , Guns , Grits and Gravy , " Huckabee rails against what he describes as the artist 's "  explicit " style and questions whether her husband , Jay-Z , is "  exploiting his wife as a sex object . " Beyonce , ` My Dog Skip ' and cigarettes : 7 things we learned in Mike Huckabee 's new book The potential presidential contender , who recently ended his Fox News show , also argued that the Obamas should n't let their daughters listen to the multiplatinum singer because "  what you put in your brain is also important , as well as what you put into your body . " On the show Monday , Huckabee argued that Beyoncé is a "  megatalent " and does n't need to resort to being "  vulgar in order to set a trend , " especially given her role model status for young girls . "  Do you know any parent who has a daughter and says ` Honey , if you make really good grades , someday when you 're 12 or 13 , we 'll get you your own stripper pole ' . I mean c'mon Jon , we do n't do that in our culture , " he said . That 's when Stewart jumped in , interrupting Huckabee to say he 's "  diminishing Beyoncé in a way that 's truly outrageous . " Opinion : Why Beyonce 's feminism scares Huckabee He then played a clip of Huckabee jamming with controversial rocker Ted Nugent to the song "  Cat Scratch Fever " on Huckabee 's former Fox show . "  I make the pussy purr with the stroke of my hand / They know they gettin ' it from me , " Nugent sang . "  They know just where to go when they need some lovin ' man / They know I 'm doin ' it , that I 'm doing it all the time . " Stewart questioned Huckabee on why Nugent gets a pass . "  You excuse that type of crudeness because you agree with his stance on firearms , " Stewart said . "  You do n't approve of Beyoncé because she seems alien to you . " Mike Huckabee gets serious about a second presidential run "  Johnny Cash shot a man just to watch him die ! " Stewart joked , referencing the lyrics of "  Folsom Prison Blues . " Huckabee responded arguing the Nugent song "  is an adult song , geared for adults , " but modern culture has lower standards when it comes to "  things that are considered perfectly OK for kids . " "  That 's the difference , " he continued . "  You ca n't single out a corrosive culture and ignore the one that you live in because you 're used to it , " Stewart retorted .	Jon Stewart called out Mike Huckabee for saying Beyoncé was too ` vulgar ' Huckabee argues that the artist should be more careful due to her role model status
CNN  -- I believe it was December of '98 when my dad passed away of an overdose . A few weeks later , around my 10th birthday , I was diagnosed with Tourette syndrome and Asperger 's syndrome . It was a really rough time , especially at that age , being told I have a neurological "  disease , " when I already felt so different . At that point I was being bullied for being different , having big ears , and now for having no dad AND for making weird faces and noises I could n't control . I was a walking target . Then my mom discovered a musical interest in me after my older sister was in musical theater at her high school . I learned all the songs from the show "  Damn Yankees " and at the final performance , the director let me go onstage  my first time onstage  and perform with the cast ! I was hooked instantly and for some reason it felt right . Although I felt I had found "  my place , " I still had to go back to my own school . The bullying just kept getting worse . I did n't know what to do anymore . I remember I even had thoughts of suicide and hurting myself . When I turned 12 , I was given a hand-me-down guitar and a chord book . I studied those basic chords and learned how to play the basic songs . Throughout this process , I figured out that no matter how bad of a day I had at school , I could come home and create my own world within the music . I could make the music as happy or as sad as I wanted it to be . I used the pain from being bullied to transform me into who I was meant to be . I knew where I was most comfortable -- on stage . But I could n't always be there , and not everyone respected my happiness . Durbin on ` Dr. Drew ' The bullying did n't end there . It just kept happening . It got so bad that I dropped out of high school . I got to the point where I could n't even focus in class because of the pestering . I told the school officials about the bullying and they did what they could , but I would rather be sitting on my butt at home than being bullied and beat up at school . A couple of years later , I met an angel who would turn out to be my beautiful wife , Heidi . I was a dropout : No job , no license , no car , no aspirations . She had a diploma , three jobs , a car AND goals . Having someone in my life who really believed in me made me believe in myself . We started dating , and I started to progress . I started a band and found a job , got my license , and soon afterward got my GED . In the midst of it all , we found out that we were expecting our sweet son Hunter . That right there is the proudest moment of my life and no famous game show or extravaganza concert can top that . Ever . Heidi and Hunter balance me . Through my adventures and heartache on "  American Idol , " to the adventures and heartache on the road of rock 'n roll , they have always supported me . And when I 'm home , I 'm just Daddy . With whatever "  celebrity status " I have thanks to "  American Idol , " I really want to use it for a good purpose . I 've always been a huge fan of WWE and pro wrestling . I was approached by them after "  Idol " to be a part of their anti-bullying campaign B.A. Star . Since then I have participated in several in-school rallies to talk to kids about my experiences being bullied and how I 've overcome them to be the man I am today . Regrets ? I 've had a few ... but then again , too few to mention , haha .	James Durbin appeared on the 10th season of "  American Idol " Durbin was bullied by his peers , causing him to drop out of high school Singer says his wife and child "  balance " him , keep him motivated
CNN  -- The Grand Ole Opry House is closed for repairs after record amounts of rain sent water 2 feet above its historic stage , damaging instruments , memorabilia and archival tapes at the country music landmark . Gaylord Entertainment Chief Executive Officer Colin Reed said he did not know how long the facility will be closed . The neighboring Gaylord Opryland Resort , a 2,881-room hotel , also is closed for restoration but will be open before the end of 2010 , he said . "  We 're going to do everything in our power to restore the stuff that 's been damaged by water , " Reed said Friday . He said that quick thinking by Opry management Sunday saved much of the memorabilia there . Shows scheduled at the facility will move to other Nashville venues during repairs , he said . Massive flooding has caused more than $ 1.5 billion in property damage in the Nashville area , city officials said Friday . Investigators were still searching for two people reported missing and surveying the damage in the city and surrounding Davidson County . The flooding damaged at least 1,952 residential properties , city officials said in a statement . Cleanup crews have collected about 80 truckloads of debris from flooded neighborhoods . Most of the water that inundated several neighborhoods in Nashville receded by Friday , seven days after heavy rain swelled the Cumberland River . One of the city 's main water treatment plants remained closed because of the flooding Friday , prompting officials to tell residents to put off washing dishes and to limit toilet flushing . Last weekend 's storm system devastated Tennessee and neighboring states , leaving at least 31 people dead in three states , authorities say . Twenty-one people have been confirmed dead in hard-hit Tennessee . One person died in a tornado in Hardeman County that was spawned by the storms , according to the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency . The same storm system killed six people in Mississippi and four in Kentucky , emergency management officials said . The death toll could rise as rescue crews continue to search for several people who have been reported missing , including two kayakers in Kentucky and several people in Tennessee , officials said . "  Nashville has obviously been hard-hit , and it 's a well-known city , but there are so many other counties in the state and areas ... that have been hit very hard as well , " Gov. Phil Bredesen said Thursday morning . "  A lot of people who did n't have flood insurance , because they never thought floodwaters would ever come anywhere near their home , are really looking at a total loss of their home , " he said . "  It 's very tough on a lot of people right now . " The federal government has declared 27 Tennessee counties disaster areas . CNN 's Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	Unclear when country music landmark will reopen , Gaylord Entertainment CEO says Record amount of flooding drenches stage , damages instruments and memorabilia Massive rainfall in Nashville area causes more than $ 1.5 billion in property damage Floods leave 31 dead , others missing in three states as waters recede
CNN  -- Barely 120 years old , Johannesburg is suffering from growing pains as it goes through an awkward adolescence . Johannesburg is a city built on gold . It 's a city still trying to recover from the injustices of apartheid and if progress can sometimes seem slow , it 's worth remembering that it 's only been 15 years since apartheid was finally laid to rest . Rebuilding will take time , but Johannesburg is a pragmatic city . Its endless urban sprawl wo n't win any beauty contests but this place has always been more about economics than aesthetics . That 's because Jo ' burg is a city built on gold . The metropolis was nothing but grassy farmland until prospectors struck gold a few kilometers away in 1886 . Its once-abundant gold reserves helped Jo ' burg grow into the largest city in South Africa and become the capital of the province of Gauteng -- a Sotho word meaning "  place of gold . " Watch Hugh Masekela take CNN on a tour of Johannesburg " While modern day Jo ' burgers prefer to look to the future , it will be a long time before the city shakes off the memories of its troubled past . Places like Soweto -- the township that was the site of the 1976 uprisings that marked the beginning of the end of white rule -- will always be associated with apartheid . Conditions in Soweto are still tough and townships like Alexandra remain desperately poor . It 's true that Jo ' burg has a growing black middle class , but it also has a growing divide between its haves and have-nots . After South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994 Johannesburg experienced a new , unofficial apartheid as businesses moved away from downtown to the city 's wealthier , whiter , northern suburbs , leaving the city center a shadow of its once dynamic self . But things are changing . Numerous urban development projects , many intended to ready the city for the 2010 World Cup , are reinvigorating the heart of Jo ' burg . The city is getting an extensive new bus system , and the much-touted Gautrain is a high-speed train line that will link Jo ' burg and Pretoria . The Newtown area is growing as a cultural center , with art galleries , theaters and dance venues , and Constitution Hill , once the site of a prison that held Mahatma Gandhi and later Nelson Mandela , has been converted into the country 's highest law court and a tourist attraction , with exhibitions dedicated to its unsavory past . The most cosmopolitan city in Africa , Jo ' burg has always been thoroughly multicultural , but a wave of xenophobic attacks in May 2008 highlighted the tension between locals and the huge number of African immigrants who have moved to the city , attracted by its relative economic vigor . The violence did nothing to help the city 's international reputation . Where Jo ' burg was once associated with apartheid , it has now become associated with crime . Lurid tales of carjacking and daylight mugging have created an image of a lawless sin city , but although places like Hillbrow remain no-go areas at night , progress is being made in the war on crime . Nonetheless , the fear of crime remains potent and Jo ' burg 's future as a tourist destination depends on addressing the problem . If Jo ' burg is a work in progress there 's no doubt that much remains to be done , but it 's a young city with a young population eager to take the opportunities past generations were denied . The eyes of the world will be on South Africa in summer 2010 and Jo ' burgers are keen to use the World Cup to demonstrate how far their city has come and to show the world that the future is bright for the city of gold at the heart of the rainbow nation .	Johannesburg is a young city , still recovering from the injustices of apartheid The city was just grassy farmland until prospectors struck gold in 1886 Many urban development projects are reinvigorating the heart of Jo ` burg The 2010 World Cup is a chance to show how far Johannesburg has come
CNN  -- Football 's global governing body FIFA will examine Bahrain 's "  unusual " 10-0 World Cup qualifying win over Indonesia on Wednesday . In order to advance to the next stage of the Asian qualifying section for the 2014 tournament , Bahrain needed to win handsomely and have Qatar lose to Iran . Bahrain , coached by former England caretaker manager Peter Taylor , looked well on the way to overcoming a nine-goal differential deficit on Qatar , as Indonesia 's goalkeeper was sent off early in the match . But 2022 World Cup hosts Qatar scored an 86th-minute equalizer to secure a place in the fourth phase along with Group E winners Iran . South Korea and Lebanon advance "  Given the unusual outcome in relation to the results-expectation and head-to-head history , in the interests of maintaining unequivocal confidence in our game , FIFA security will conduct a routine examination of this game and its result , " the ruling body said in a statement Bahrain had scored just three goals in five previous Group E matches , while Indonesia had lost every game -- conceding 16 goals in the process . In September 's match between the two teams , Bahrain registered a 2-0 win in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta to bring head-to-head encounters level at two victories each and two draws . Brazil will host the tournament for the second time in 2014 , having won it on a record five occasions . The World Cup will then be held in Russia in 2018 , before heading to Qatar in 10 years ' time .	FIFA will investigate Bahrain 's World Cup qualifying win over Indonesia Bahrain won Wednesday 's match 10-0 , but needed Qatar to lose Qatar scored an 86th-minute equalizer to advance to the next phase of Asian qualifying Bahrain had scored just three goals in five previous Group E matches
Washington  CNN  -- Christopher Browne gets ready for snow long before any falls in Washington , which has n't seen a stormy winter for a few years now . It 's a crucial part of his job as manager of Dulles International Airport , one of the busiest jumping off points for international flights and a hub for those traveling to and from the nation 's capital for official business . Delays , especially those due to turbulent weather , cost airlines money and passengers lost time and productivity . That puts pressure on airport personnel and heightens the need to plan far ahead for turbulent weather . "  If you were here earlier in the fall , you would see equipment running around and operating and acting as if there was 12 inches of snow on the runway , " Browne said . "  It 's better to set the expectation early , make the call and then with high assurance know that when you get back to an operation status that you will be able to meet all the demands , " he said . Snows delay flights His crews jumped into action for a surprise early March storm that moved from the Midwest into parts of Northern Virginia and Maryland . As heavy snow blanketed parts of the area , the Dulles plows moved swiftly up and down the long runways that handle jumbo jets and other big planes that need a lot of real estate to take off and land . Airports like Dulles keep more than 50 pieces of snow equipment handy for extreme winter weather . Their small army of plows are constantly in motion during a storm , sweeping away snow and keeping accumulation at a manageable level . Runways and other busy parts of the tarmac get priority . Gate areas themselves are generally the responsibility of the airlines . Dana Pitts , the Dulles operations manager , said certain areas sometimes can go without constant plowing . "  We can have two or three inches of snow buildup here and still have safe taxiway . As long as we do n't have any physical obstructions , like a hill of snow for them to taxi through , this can sort of be left until a convenient time . " Pitts said . On either side of the Washington storm , airport operations in Denver , Chicago and Boston took care of business as snowy weather blasted those cities . Typically , airports remain open in snowstorms . It 's up to airlines to decide the status of flights . Carriers lose millions of dollars every year to winter storms that affect their operations . Recent federal regulations penalizing them for long ground delays and stricter attention to costs of managing their fleets now prompt carriers to cancel flights ahead of big storms . "  Seventy-two hours out we start really closely watching storms and how they will impact us , " said Megan McCarthy , a spokeswoman for United Airlines . "  We really do everything we can to cancel everything we have to cancel 24 hours out , giving people a chance to make a decision about their travel plans before they get to the airport , " she said . For instance , United canceled more than 250 flights ahead of a storm that was expected to hit Denver on Saturday . Southwest Airlines pulled back another 125 . McCarthy says that in the event of a snowstorm like the one that gave Browne 's plows a workout , United will try to move as many planes as possible out of the area ahead of time so they are not sitting in the snow . This puts a premium on clearing runways efficiently . The faster that work is completed , the faster airlines can get back to flying once the skies clear .	Plows jumped into action at Washington 's Dulles airport for surprise March storm Airports plan way ahead for dealing with snow ; Dulles runs drills in the fall Clearing runways efficiently crucial for ability of airlines to restart flights Storms within a week test airports in DC , Boston , Chicago and Denver
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate Intelligence Committee has launched a review of the Bush administration 's controversial interrogation and detention program . Newly appointed CIA Director Leon Panetta says review should not target CIA interrogators . The purpose of the review is to fully understand the program and to help "  shape detention and interrogation policies in the future , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the committee , and Sen. Kit Bond , the committee 's ranking Republican , said in a statement Thursday . The Senate study will run parallel to one ordered by President Obama shortly after he took office . Obama wants to know whether any of the harsh interrogation methods used against suspected terrorists held by the CIA should be retained . The so-called "  enhanced interrogation techniques " included waterboarding , which simulates drowning and is considered torture by the new administration . Bush officials repeatedly insisted detainees were not tortured during questioning . The Senate review will look at how the CIA determined detainees knew valuable information and whether the coercive techniques used against them resulted in gaining information that stopped terrorist attacks . The study will also examine whether the agency accurately described the scope of the program to the Office of Legal Counsel and the Senate oversight committee , and if the program was in compliance with legal opinions and policy . The announcement comes the day after the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman called for the establishment of a nonpartisan "  commission of inquiry " to investigate allegations of wrongdoing against former Bush administration officials in their prosecution of the war on terrorism . Nothing "  did more to damage America 's place in the world than the revelation that our great nation stretched the law and the bounds of executive power to authorize torture and cruel treatment , " Sen. Patrick Leahy said at the start of a committee hearing . CIA Director Leon Panetta said last week he would cooperate with any congressional reviews . "  I think that we have a responsibility to be transparent on these issues and to provide them -LSB- congressional committees -RSB- that information , " Panetta said . But Panetta said the reviews should not target the CIA interrogators . "  I would not support , obviously , an investigation or a prosecution of those individuals " involved in the interrogation program , " Panetta said . "  They did their job , they did it pursuant to the guidance that was provided them , whether you agreed or disagreed with it . " In a letter to the CIA staff on Thursday , Panetta said Feinstein and Bond made it clear to him the goal of the review is not to punish anyone . "  They assure me that this review is a way for the committee to assess lessons learned from the program while our government devises a new interrogation policy , " wrote the CIA director . The Senate review is expected to take about a year to complete . No public hearings are planned .	Review will look at how CIA concluded detainees knew valuable information Inquiry to also look at whether coercive techniques yielded useful information CIA Director Leon Panetta vows to cooperate , tells staff goal is not to punish anyone Senate review is expected to take about a year to complete
CNN  -- The former editor-in-chief of Al-Wasat , an opposition newspaper in Bahrain , says he and two colleagues have been summoned by the country 's public prosecutor for questioning . Mansoor Al-Jamri told CNN he and two other former editors at Al-Wasat will go to the public prosecutor 's office on Monday , a result of allegations the the newspaper falsified and fabricated reports during protests in the country that have led to a government crackdown . Al-Wasat 's former managing editor , Walid Nouwaihidh ; its former local news department head , Aqeel Mirza ; and Al-Jamri were all fired earlier this month . At the time , the state-run Bahrain News Agency reported that the state Information Affairs Authority had "  instigated legal proceedings " against the daily newspaper following the firings . "  The flagrant press irregularities committed by Bahrain daily Al-Wasat will be referred to the International Federation of Journalists and the Arab Journalists Union , " the news agency reported . According to the news agency , the accusations against Al-Wasat also included "  deliberate news fabrication and falsification during the recent unrest which gripped the Kingdom of Bahrain . " Al-Jamri , a CNN contributor , denies the allegations . "  I have been subjected to a smear and unfair media campaign , " Al-Jamri said . The protests in Bahrain are part of a wave of unrest that has spread through northern Africa and the Middle East as demonstrators rose up against their rulers . To quell the protests , the Bahraini government called in troops from member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council . The government crackdown and arrests are part of an effort to stop thousands of people who have been demonstrating in Bahrain since last month . Doctors Without Borders has accused Bahraini forces of raiding medical facilities to crack down on protesters , prompting injured people to avoid going to hospitals . "  Wounds , especially those inflicted by distinctive police and military gunfire , are used to identify people for arrest , and the denial of medical care is being used by Bahraini authorities to deter people from protesting , " said Latifa Ayada , the organization 's medical coordinator . The group is also known by its French name , Medecins Sans Frontieres . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights reported last week that more than 400 people had been jailed or have gone missing since the government of Bahrain imposed a state of "  national safety . " Attached to the Bahrain Center 's statement is a spreadsheet listing the names of 379 missing or detained people , all of them male . One of them , Nasser Ali-Jishi , was listed as having been "  of contempt run over and killed by police . " On Thursday , the country 's crown prince defended the government 's actions during the unrest . "  We were immensely concerned that some of our youth were pushed towards a destructive path , and that the nation was drawn along with them , " Prince Salman bin Hamad al-Khalifa said in a speech , according to an official transcript .	Ex-editor Al-Jamri : "  I have been subjected to a smear and unfair media campaign " He and two other former editors will go to the public prosecutor 's office Monday Al-Wasat is accused of "  deliberate news fabrication " during Bahrain 's unrest The government has tried to crack down on protests
About half of all Americans disapprove of President Barack Obama 's incoming executive action on immigration despite agreeing with Obama on principle , according to a recent poll . Nearly six in 10 Americans support creating a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. , but just 38 % approve of the President 's plans to use his executive power to act on immigration , according to a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll released Wednesday . Another 14 % said they were unsure about or had no opinion on Obama 's planned executive action on immigration . The poll comes as Obama is expected to announce Thursday that he will sign an executive order to shield as many as 5 million illegal immigrants . The legal battle over Obama 's immigration plan Republicans are up in arms about the President 's plan to use executive action to reform the U.S. immigration system , which they describe as a move to bypass Congress that exceeds his constitutional authority . Support for a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants increased to 74 % when given the details of the bill that passed the Senate last year , but did not get a vote in the House . Those details include ensuring illegal immigrants pay a fine , back taxes and pass a background check before starting the process to become American citizens . Obama 's plan is also expected to redirect U.S. immigration officials to refocus their deportation efforts on criminals who are undocumented immigrants . And officials have also told CNN that Obama 's plans could also expand worker visas for certain sectors , like technology . Obama to reveal immigration executive action plans on Thursday A CNN exit poll on Election Day this month also showed that 57 % of Americans believe illegal immigrants should get a chance to apply for legal status . About 4 in 10 of those surveyed said they believe illegal immigrants should be deported .	A new poll finds 48 percent of Americans oppose Obama 's use of executive action on immigration The poll , which was released Wednesday , was from Wall Street Journal/NBC News
CNN  -- The alleged terror incident aboard a passenger flight from Amsterdam to Detroit has raised questions as to how a Nigerian man carried explosives through stringent security measures . Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab has been charged with attempting to destroy a passenger plane after he detonated a device on board a jet on Friday . Authorities in the United States are investigating whether Abdulmutallab had any connections with terrorist organizations or was acting alone . Airports intensify security after plane attack With Dutch officials scrutinizing security procedures at Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport that allowed the 23-year-old man to smuggle the explosives on the aircraft -- here are some of the key questions still hanging over the incident . Where did the explosives come from ? The man charged with igniting the device claims he obtained the explosives in Yemen , along with instruction on how to use it . He carried these onto a flight from Lagos , Nigeria , to Amsterdam , Netherlands where he transferred to Northwest Flight 253 to Detroit . Was he on any security watch lists ? U.S. authorities say they were contacted by the man 's father ahead of the attack , but whether he was placed on any so-called No-Fly list maintained by the United States is unclear . Dutch officials say the passenger 's name appeared on a manifest supplied by the airline , which was passed to U.S. authorities , who cleared the flight to depart . Were the proper security checks performed ? Yes , say Dutch authorities , who say he passed through normal procedures and that "  security was well-performed . " He is known to have passed through a metal detector and his luggage was X-rayed . Extra attention is normally applied to passengers arriving from Nigeria because of concerns over fraud and smuggling . Nevertheless airports around the world have stepped up security procedures in the wake of the incident , increasing pat-downs and secondary searches . So how did the explosives get through ? Dutch authorities are at pains to point out that if the passenger had powders concealed upon his person or secreted bottles of liquid somewhere else , they certainly would not have been picked up by the metal detector . Is there any way of detecting these kind of explosives ? A preliminary FBI analysis indicates the device contained PETN , also known as Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate , a highly explosive chemical . Experts say this would have been picked up using a swab commonly used in secondary screening . A body scan , particularly the new 3D imaging scanners being trailed at some airports , would also have spotted something strapped to his body , even in the crotch area . Why were there no U.S. air marshal security officers on the flight ? U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CNN federal air marshals are not posted on all flights . She said this was not due to budgetary constraints , but down to standard procedures , which see marshals posted randomly on certain routes . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Richard Quest and Barry Neild contributed to this report .	Dutch authorities say normal security procedures were carried out Authorities say they would not have picked up secreted powders or liquid Secondary checks should pick up similar devices
Washington  CNN  -- Thanks to Sen. Patty Murray , Sharon and Blake Ilstrup can have their big inauguration date night after all . Last week , the Seattle-area couple , along with many others , were shut out of the first-come , first-served official Presidential Inaugural Ball ticket sales when a mistake by Ticketmaster , the ticket vendor , inadvertently released tickets for both the inaugural ball and parade early , as CNN first reported . Ticketmaster and the Presidential Inaugural Ball later apologized for the mix-up , but thousands of potential partygoers were upset and flocked to Facebook and social media demanding a remedy . So the Ilstrups -- who had planned on breaking out their finest formal outfits for Monday night -- found themselves and their two kids headed to Washington with no ball tickets in hand . But after seeing their story on a Seattle TV station Friday morning , Murray , a Democrat from Washington state , came to the rescue . Murray called her office and told them to track the couple down . Obamas party with 30,000 close friends "  Sen. Murray was touched by how much effort  the Ilstrups  had made to try to go to the ball and felt  terrible  that even though they were online so early an error dashed their hopes , " Murray spokesman Matt McAlvanah told CNN . "  She told staff that she thought ` their enjoyment was the best use of my tickets . ' " But Sharon Ilstrup said the office had a hard time tracking them down in time since the family had already left for Washington . Finally , just hours before the big event , the office was able to locate her cell phone number and made the connection . The Ilstrups , who planned the almost 2,800-mile trip to Washington as a part of an educational experience for their two children , Alec , 14 and Anna , 11 , were touring the National Mall on Sunday when they got the call from Murray 's office offering them the tickets . "  We just walked across the street , " Ilstrup said . The Russell Senate Office Building , where Murray 's office is located , is a couple of blocks from the Capitol and a hop , skip and a jump from the Mall . "  They were so excited to give it to us . " Murray 's office later tweeted a picture of the happy family . While Alec and Anna wo n't be attending the ball with their parents , they wo n't miss out on all of the fun . The whole family will attend the President Barack Obama 's second inauguration ceremony on the western front of the U.S. Capitol , with tickets they secured from U.S. Rep. Suzan DelBene , D-Washington . With her gown secured , Sharon Ilstrup , an Obama supporter , said she was most looking forward to the ball for "  the energy . " "  Just being there and the energy of the day ... just to be a part of another celebration of Barack Obama and of our country and not to be in my hotel room packing to go home . "	Seattle couple was shut out of inaugural ball tickets after ticket vendor mix-up Sen. Patty Murray heard about the story and offered them ball tickets Spokesman : "  She told staff that she thought ` their enjoyment was the best use of my tickets "
CNN  -- The prosecution in the federal trial of alleged mobster James "  Whitey " Bulger rested its case Friday , after calling 63 witnesses over 30 days . Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during two decades . He also faces charges of extortion , racketeering and money laundering . Bulger rose to the top of the notorious Winter Hill gang , prosecutors say , before he went into hiding for more than 16 years after a crooked FBI agent told him in December 1994 that he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . In court on Friday , the prosecution 's last witness , an FBI agent on the Los Angeles fugitive task force , placed just under $ 822,000 in cash in airtight plastic casing and 30 guns on a table , and jurors gazed , flinching at the sound of the weapons being checked that they were unloaded . The agent , Scott Garriola , testified that he pulled these items from Bulger 's Santa Monica apartment in 2011 the day he led the notorious mobster , then one of the FBI 's top 10 most wanted fugitives , out of his fortress on a ruse that his storage locker had been broken into . "  We asked him to get down on his knees on the ground , he swore at us a few times , told us he was n't getting on his knees and that there was grease on the floor , " Garriola told the jury Friday . "  There was harsh exchange back and forth , then he got on the floor and was cuffed . " When Garriola asked Bulger to identify himself , Bulger told the agent his name was Charles Gasko , one of several aliases Bulger used during the 16 years he was on the lam . Developer describes threats in trial Girlfriend , guns in the apartment Garriola says he threatened to go upstairs and ask Bulger 's then-girlfriend , Catherine Grieg , under the alias of Carrol Gasko , if she could produce identification that might prove Bulger was the notorious crime boss of the South Boston underworld . Garriola said then , Bulger 's demeanor changed . " ` Well , you know who I am , ' he says . ' I am Whitey Bulger , ' " Garriola testified . He asked if there were weapons in the apartment . "  Yeah , there are plenty of weapons and they are all loaded , " Bulger told him , Garriola testified . Later , Garriola told the jury that Bulger advised him that only the handguns were loaded . When Garriola asked if he was going to need a SWAT team to remove Grieg from the apartment , Bulger assured the FBI agent that "  She 's never held a gun . " Garriola went upstairs with a team to get Grieg , who asked to change before heading to the garage where officers were holding Bulger . Outside , Garriola said he asked the couple for consent to search the apartment . "  They are gon na get it I do n't want to delay this , " Bulger said to his girlfriend , Garriola testified . As he signed off the on the search warrant , Garriola said , Bulger said it was "  the first time I have signed this name in a long time " as he wrote James J. Bulger . Garriola said Bulger was extremely cooperative , even helping the agents do a sweep of his apartment , pointing out were all the guns , money and weapons were hidden . He asked for future consideration for Grieg , Garriola said . Grieg is now serving eight years on charges that she aided a fugitive . Garriola said he asked if Bulger had the guns to "  shoot it out " with anyone that tried to capture him . He said Bulger replied , "  No , because a stray bullet may hit someone . " Opinion : Just do n't call Bulger a rat Keeping up with his associates As a fugitive , Bulger kept tabs on former associates . He read a novel by his former drug pusher , John "  Red " Shea , titled "  Rat Bastards , " and he read "  Brutal , " written by his enforcer and "  surrogate son , " Kevin Weeks . â $ ªBulger also did research on how to stay hidden , reading "  How to Find Missing Persons " and "  Secrets of a Back-Alley ID Man . " Authorities found fake IDs stuffed behind mirrors and in walls , including Social Security cards , birth certificates , prescription cards , fake business cards , work permits and even casino loyalty cards . In Nevada , Bulger was Sidney Terry . In California , he was gambler James William Lawlor . In New York , he was Donald Gene Gould and worked at a movie theater . Garriola identified each of the 30 weapons for the jury : shotguns , revolvers , semiautomatic pistols , Magnums , specials and Berettas . He said they were all tested and determined to be operable . The weapons and fat stacks of cash were strewn across the table in front of Bulger , who probably saw them for the last time Friday . At the apartment , the weapons were hidden under towels on windowsills , and in the walls with more cash . The defense will begin to present its case Monday and intends to call about 16 witnesses . Defense counsel has not made it clear whether it will call the defendant . Bulger pal on his cooperation with U.S. : ' I was dead either way ' The mobster 's money Earlier Friday , an IRS special agent who spent 18 years in money laundering investigation into Bulger testified that she spent "  thousands of hours " reviewing documents , never finding so much as one record of Bulger holding legitimate employment . What she did find was that on many occasions , Bulger , his henchman Stephen Flemmi and enforcer Weeks "  made it look like they were getting wages to conceal their illegal activity . " In the 1980s , Bulger had been charging Kevin O'Neil legitimate rent to operate a liquor store on their property , O'Neil testified Thursday . O'Neil was also involved in collecting "  rent " from bookies for Bulger -- essentially a tax paid to the underworld mob boss to operate criminally in South Boston . Bulger put the heat on O'Neil and said he was going to sell the property , unless O'Neill agreed to buy it . O'Neil decided to take a loan from Bulger and agreed to pay $ 400,000 for the property . Documents in court show that Bulger bought out his partners Weeks and Flemmi for $ 40,000 that same day . O'Neil paid off his debt by giving Bulger $ 4672.96 a month for seven years between 1990 and 1997 . This extends past the time that Bulger went on the run , in 1995 . "  I thought he would come back , " O'Neil said . Special Agent Sandra Lemanski said she found 67 monthly mortgage payment checks deposited in an account shared by Bulger and his brother John "  Jackie " Bulger , who has been sitting front row virtually every day of trial . Potential trial witness found dead	The prosecution 's last witness is an FBI agent on the Los Angeles fugitive task force He talks about the day he led Bulger out of his fortress on a ruse about his storage locker As a fugitive , Bulger kept tabs on former associates and researched how to stay hidden IRS agent talks about how Bulger and his associates concealed their illegal activity
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Four people were killed and several injured in an attack on a vehicle carrying government officials transporting school examination papers in northeastern Kenya Thursday , police said . The incident occurred about 110 kilometers  68 miles  from Mandera , a border town with Somalia , Kenya Police Commissioner Mathew Iteere said . It was unclear who carried out the attack on the car , he said , and police had been given conflicting accounts of what happened . The Kenyan Red Cross said four people had been killed in heavy machine-gun fire on a small car heading from Mandera to a school . Mandera is in a part of Kenya which suffers from chronic insecurity and both banditry and incursions by militant groups are relatively common . Earlier this week , Kenya was shaken by twin grenade attacks in the capital , Nairobi -- one at a nightclub and a second at a crowded downtown bus station during rush hour -- which left one person dead and 20 injured . A Kenyan man pleaded guilty Wednesday to being a member of the Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab and was charged with causing grievous bodily harm in the bus station attack . It is not clear if Thursday 's vehicle attack is linked to Monday 's violence . The U.S. Embassy in Kenya warned last week it had credible information regarding an imminent terror attack , but offered no details on who might carry out such an attack . Kenya has been on edge since it sent troops across the border into Somalia nearly two weeks ago to pursue militants with Al-Shabaab , an Islamist group that the United States and other countries consider a terrorist organization . Kenya 's action followed the recent abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya . It blames the abductions on Al-Shabaab , which has denied involvement . Al-Shabaab has threatened to attack Kenya if it does not withdraw its forces from Somalia .	The car was carrying government officials with school examination papers It is not clear who was behind the attack Kenya was rocked by grenade attacks in the capital earlier this week
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- One week ago , angry , disenfranchised and energized Egyptians emerged from Friday prayers , took to the streets and chanted , "  Freedom ! " "  We want  Mubarak  to leave , " said one 19-year-old man hours after the intense day of protests . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is not gone , but his days are numbered . The leader agreed Tuesday to not seek re-election in September . He told ABC News Thursday he would like to step down right away , but can not because he does not want to risk plunging his nation into chaos . In the bloody blur of days since his announcement that he would not stand for re-election , regime foes and opponents have clashed repeatedly in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the center of anti-government demonstrations . Eight people have been killed and nearly 850 injured , according to the health ministry . Although his government has made concessions , Mubarak faces another challenge Friday , which opponents have dubbed "  Day of Farewell " and "  Day of Departure " -- references to further large protests they hope will prompt the president to step down now . Thursday saw an escalation of attacks on journalists , many of whom asked whether the government was clearing them out of the way so as to cloak its actions . Journalists said it was too dangerous to be at Tahrir Square or to provide live camera feeds . Vice President Omar Suleiman laid some of the unrest 's blame on the media . "  I actually blame certain friendly nations who have television channels , they are not friendly at all , who have intensified the youth against the nation and the state , " Suleiman told Nile TV . "  They have filled in the minds of the youth with wrongdoings , with allegations , and this is unacceptable . " State-run Nile TV said a segment of anti-government protesters , called the 25th of January Youth , will leave the square and form a political party to compete in upcoming elections . Meanwhile , CNN 's Anderson Cooper said on "  Parker Spitzer " Thursday night that , if anything , the Mubarak foes increased the portion of Tahrir Square they occupy in the standoff . It 's not clear if organizers of the protests planned after Friday prayers would be able to rally the numbers they had last week or reach the presidential palace , Cooper said . Tension was building before dawn Friday , he said . Mubarak told ABC News correspondent Christiane Amanpour that he was troubled by the bloody clashes that broke out Wednesday in Tahrir Square . As the United States and other countries condemned increasing attacks on journalists and diplomats , Mubarak rejected the notion that government instigated the violence in the country , instead blaming the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist umbrella group that is banned in Egypt . "  I do n't care what people say about me , " Mubarak told ABC . "  Right now I care about my country , I care about Egypt . "  I was very unhappy about yesterday . I do not want to see Egyptians fighting each other , " he said in the interview , which was conducted at the heavily guarded presidential palace where the embattled leader has been staying with his family . Mubarak told ABC that U.S. President Barack Obama is a very good man but bristled at the notion of an ally 's interference in internal problems . He said he told Obama : "  You do n't understand the Egyptian culture and what would happen if I step down now . " Obama has said he told Mubarak a transition must take place , and it "  must be meaningful , it must be peaceful and it must begin now . " Mubarak said he never intended to seek re-election . Nor did he intend his son , Gamal , who was believed to be groomed as Mubarak 's successor , to seek the post . He made the comment to Amanpour in his son 's presence . The Obama administration had no comment on the interview . A White House aide told CNN the only thing that caught the administration 's attention from the interview was Mubarak 's comments on his son . Suleiman , tapped as Mubarak 's vice president last Saturday , publicly announced Thursday that Gamal Mubarak will not stand in September elections . Hosni Mubarak , who has ruled Egypt for three decades , announced this week that he would not run for re-election . But that concession has not been enough for tens of thousands of protesters demanding immediate change . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN 's John King that negotiations on new leadership and elections are crucial . "  The longer that this transition is delayed the likelihood of further escalation and violence is increased , " he said . Although Alexandria , Egypt 's second-largest city , was largely calm Thursday , there are concerns about possible clashes when anti-Mubarak demonstrators mark a "  Day of Farewell , " a reference to the president , according to CNN 's Nic Robertson . Mubarak 's regime moved Thursday to quell the deadly revolt , telling protesters their demands had been met and cracking down on journalists and human rights activists bearing witness to the crisis . All day long , Mubarak 's supporters and foes clashed to retain control of Tahrir Square , the central city plaza that has become the symbol of the 10-day Egyptian uprising . Many looked like medieval warriors , toting handcrafted shields while throwing stones and other objects . Top government leaders vowed to hold accountable perpetrators of the bloodshed and told protesters to return home . "  I want to thank the youth for all you have done , " Suleiman said on state-run Nile TV . "  You are the lights that have ignited reform in this period . Please give the  government a  chance to play its role . All of your demands have been met . " Suleiman told ABC that Egyptian troops will not force anti-Mubarak protesters to leave Tahrir Square . Mubarak supporters , some believed to be paid government thugs , converged with anti-government crowds Wednesday in a confrontation that quickly evolved into continuing mayhem in Tahrir Square . At least eight people were killed and 836 injured , including 200 wounded within one hour Thursday morning , according to the health ministry . Journalists covering the crisis also became targets -- beaten , bloodied , harassed and detained by men , most all in some way aligned with Mubarak . Numerous news outlets -- including the BBC , ABC News , Fox News , the Washington Post and CNN -- reported members of their staffs had either been attacked or arrested . Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch also reported that staffers were detained . In several cases , news personnel were accused of being "  foreign spies , " seized , whisked away , and often assaulted . Graeme Wood , a correspondent for The Atlantic , told CNN he was dragged from a car at a checkpoint Thursday and accused of spying for Iran . "  This is a dark day for Egypt and a dark day for journalism , " said Joel Simon of the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  The systematic and sustained attacks ... leave no doubt that a government-orchestrated effort to target the media and suppress the news is well under way . " New York Times columnist Nicholas D. Kristof said he fears an even broader crackdown . "  Why does n't the government want us around ? What is it that it plans to do in the next few days that it really does n't want cameras to be able to report on ? " Kristof asked on CNN 's "  Situation Room . " The U.S. State Department publicly condemned the crackdown on journalists , and officials told CNN they have received reports that Egypt 's Interior Ministry was involved . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called such attacks "  a violation of international norms that guarantee freedom of the press , and it is unacceptable in any circumstances . " Vice President Joe Biden told Suleiman that Egypt 's government is responsible for ensuring that peaceful demonstrators are n't attacked . Increasingly concerned about the potential for further violence , Clinton called on the government , political parties and others to immediately begin talks "  on a peaceful and orderly transition . " The leaders of France , Germany , Italy , Spain and Britain also urged a "  rapid and peaceful transition , " and the European Union foreign affairs chief , Catherine Ashton , called on Mubarak to act "  as quickly as possible . " Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq apologized repeatedly for the violence . He blamed infiltrators and a "  complete disappearance " of police for the human toll in the "  catastrophe . " "  This group got in and some clashes happened , " Shafiq said , adding that he would look into whether the violence was part of an organized attempt to disband the opposition . Shafiq said he and Suleiman were meeting with the opposition -- including protesters in Tahrir Square . He said no one would be excluded from the national dialogue , including the Muslim Brotherhood . The United States is stepping up pressure on the opposition to begin immediate negotiations with the Egyptian government , recognizing the orderly transition to democracy Obama called for could prove difficult if Mubarak stepped down immediately . "  We ca n't dictate what an orderly transition means , but it 's time for both of them to roll up their sleeves , " a senior State Department official told CNN . "  The government has to take some steps , but the opposition has to be willing to participate in negotiations as well . " CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Nic Robertson , Saad Abedine , Arwa Damon and Jenifer Fenton , Elise Labott and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report .	U.S. steps up pressure on Mubarak government Egyptian vice president criticizes media Sen. John McCain said power transition can not be delayed In an ABC interview , Egypt 's president blames the Muslim Brotherhood for violence
CNN  -- As Hillary Clinton makes a whirlwind round of appearances in her last days as secretary of state , one groundbreaking aspect of her work deserves a moment in the spotlight : In a bold departure with tradition , Clinton made the promotion of equality for gay people a core value of U.S. foreign policy . That is a transformative change , one that advances the cause of human rights around the world -- not just for gays and lesbians , but for everyone . The way governments treat their LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  citizens can tell us much about their overall approach to human rights and democracy . Mistreatment of sexual minorities is a microcosm of greater repression . Take a look at the gruesome spectacle of young gay men executed by the government of Iran in the streets , for all to see . Or , look at the new anti-gay laws coming into effect in Russia 's increasingly authoritarian regime . It is no accident that the growing repression of LGBT Russians coincides with a dramatic deterioration of political freedom and what the nonpartisan Freedom House called "  the return of the iron fist in Russia . " It is clear that gays and lesbians are the canaries in the coal mine of human rights . When gays live under pressure , everyone should worry . That , however , is not how Clinton explained it 14 months ago , when she stood before the Human Rights Council in Geneva , in front of an audience filled with representatives from Arab and African countries , from places where homosexuality is a crime , even one punishable by death , and declared that gay rights and human rights "  are one and the same . " Gay people , she explained , deserve equality simply because everyone does . It was Human Rights Day , the commemoration of the signing of the 1948 U.N. Declaration of Human Rights , and she used the occasion to send a message to the world on behalf of the United States . She declared unequivocally that there is no exception for gay people when it comes to human rights . Opinion : President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it She admitted that the U.S. record on human rights for gays and lesbians "  is far from perfect . " But by proclaiming , without caveat or qualification , the American stance on the issue , she sent a signal to the rest of the world that , while equality for gay people is far from reached , the rightness of the goal is beyond debate , much like it is with equal rights for women or for racial minorities . In doing this , she announced it was now the official policy of the U.S. government to promote the rights of LGBT people everywhere . Clinton has always been a couple of steps ahead of President Barack Obama when it comes to gay rights . It 's a safe bet she persuaded him to jump on board and put the full force of the administration behind this new policy . In Geneva that day , she announced that the president had instructed all U.S. government agencies working in other countries to "  combat the criminalization of LGBT status and conduct " to help protect vulnerable LGBT , helping refugees and asylum seekers and responding to abuses . Today , American diplomats , as part of their official mandate and as an explicit tenet of U.S. values , must speak up for the rights of individuals experiencing persecution on the basis of their sexual orientation , as when a couple were sentenced in Cameroon for "  looking " gay . News : Hillary Clinton talks future ` adventures ' America may be not as influential as it once was , but no country carries more weight ; there 's not even a close second . America 's opinion matters if you want foreign aid or political assistance . But it matters even more to people on the ground , eager , perhaps desperate to make their case before the authorities , their boss or their family . In the latter case , that it was the popular and respected Hillary Clinton making the argument undoubtedly made a difference on a personal level , even if dictators did not relent . Clinton also noted that "  being gay is not a Western invention ; it is a human reality , " and noted nations that have enacted protections for their gay citizens , including South Africa , Colombia and Argentina . It was a rebuke to that tragicomic moment in 2007 , when Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told an audience in New York , "  In Iran , we do not have homosexuals like you do in your country , " prompting an explosion of laughter from the crowd . Of course , gay people live in Iran , where homosexuality is punishable by death . America 's stance , promoted so passionately by Clinton , is gradually becoming the global standard for human rights . Under intense lobbying from America , the usually feckless and frequently counterproductive U.N. Human Rights Council adopted a measured entitled "  Ending Violence Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity , " and another supporting equality , important symbols that this is a standard for the entire world . Clinton moved the issue of equality for members of the LGBT community to the front of America 's diplomatic agenda ; in the process , she gave a boost to human rights for all and a considerable nudge to the inexorable progress of freedom . Let 's hope her successor does n't let up . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : As secretary of state , Clinton made equality for gays a foreign policy value She says treatment of LGBT citizens is a microcosm of a nation 's human rights approach She says Clinton used U.S. sway to advance LGBT rights as global standard Ghitis : Clinton gave a boost to human rights for all and nudge to process of freedom
Here are a few facts about the highest mountain in the world . 1 - The rank of Mount Everest on the list of tallest mountains in the world . 29,035 ft - Elevation of Mount Everest . 7 ft - Total amount added to the measurement of the original elevation after being recalculated several times over the years , most recently in 1999 . The first , surveyed between 1952 and 1954 , was listed as 29,028 feet . 1953 - The year in which Everest 's summit was reached for the first time , by Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay , on May 29th . 2013 is the 60th anniversary . 17,600 ft - Elevation of the base camp on the southern side of the mountain . 21 - Record for the most summits by one person - held by Apa Sherpa , of Nepal . 80 - Age of the oldest person to ever climb Mount Everest , Yuichiro Miura , from Japan . He 'd better not get too comfortable , though , because the 81 year old former record holder , Min Bahadur Sherchan , is preparing to climb Everest again soon . -31 to -4 F - Temperature range on Mount Everest . The most common time to go is in May , when there 's less wind . 29.44 % - Success rate of Mount Everest climbers from 1922 to 2006 , according to AdventureStats.com . 5654 - Total ascents , from 1953 to 2011 . 219 - Fatalities , from 1922 - 2010 . 633 - Record for the highest number of summits in one year , 2007 , as reported by Everest expert Alan Arnette on his blog . 27 - Expedition teams that climbed Mount Everest in 2011 , according to the Nepalese Ministry of Culture , Tourism , and Aviation . $ 70,000 - Cost of a permit from the Nepalese government , for seven people to climb . 481 - Climbers from the United Kingdom in 2011 , the most from any nationality . Everest climbers , widower recount deadly traffic jam in 2012 Everest men : On top of the world in 1963	Mount Everest 's height has been recalculated over the years There have been over 200 fatalities The temperature does n't register above a negative degree of Fahrenheit
San Diego , California  CNN  -- When is wearing a T-shirt with the American flag on it considered provocative ? Answer : When you wear it to a high school with a dress code that explicitly prohibits "  any clothing or decoration which detracts from the learning environment . " And when the high school , where 20 % of the 1,300 students are English-language learners and 18 % come from low-income families , has been described by the San Francisco Chronicle as having "  an ethnically charged atmosphere . " And when , despite concerns about potential violence , you and some of your friends make your patriotic wardrobe choices on , of all days , Cinco de Mayo . Last week , Chief U.S. District Court Judge James Ware said as much when he dismissed a lawsuit by a group of students and their parents against the Morgan Hill Unified School District in North California . The plaintiffs had alleged that , on May 5 , 2010 , the students ' rights to freedom of speech were violated when Live Oak High School Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez ordered them to remove or turn inside out T-shirts bearing the American flag . The students refused , and two of them were sent home . Under ordinary circumstances , wearing a T-shirt with the American flag on it would probably not be a big deal . But this high school is no ordinary place , especially not on Cinco de Mayo . It 's a cultural powder keg . The previous year , in 2009 , a group of Mexican students marked the holiday by walking around campus holding a Mexican flag . A group of white students responded by hanging a makeshift American flag from a tree and chanting "  USA . " According to the Chronicle , tensions flared and the two groups faced off with profanity and threats . Little wonder that when some students showed up at school wearing T-shirts with American flags on them administrators decided to err on the side of caution . Meanwhile , the judge did the right thing in dismissing the case and declaring that administrators had the right to take preventive action if there was a "  reasonable fear " of violence . Score one for common sense . Can you imagine where we 'd be if the court had gone the other way and stripped school officials of the power to maintain order ? It 's easy for conservative radio talk show hosts and other right-wing commentators to criticize the administrators , but they were n't there . They 're speaking from ignorance . They do n't have even the most basic understanding of the mood at the high school or the events of previous years . Conservatives are confused . For the last four decades , they have chipped away at the idea that students ' free speech rights should trump every other consideration . The Supreme Court established those rights in 1969 in a case called Tinker v Des Moines Independent Community School District . In that case , a group of high school and junior high school students were suspended when they wore black armbands to protest the Vietnam War . The high court declared that students do n't "  shed their constitutional rights to free speech or expression at the schoolhouse gate . " But since Tinker , and at the urging of conservatives , the Supreme Court has curtailed First Amendment rights of students , especially when the expression of those rights is disruptive , obscene or might lead to violence . It did so in three other cases : Bethel School District v Fraser  1986  , in which the high court held that a high school student 's speech during an assembly -- filled with sexual innuendo -- was not protected ; Hazelwood v Kuhlmeier  1988  , in which the justices held that schools can regulate the content of student newspapers ; and Morse v Frederick  2007  , in which the Court held that school officials can restrict student speech at a school-supervised event even if it takes place off-campus . That 's the new legal reality , and it 's one that conservatives helped create . Now they have to live with it . The other problem is the parents , who did their offspring no favors by encouraging them to play the victim and call a lawyer . They were so eager to sue and teach their kids to stand up for their rights that they neglected to teach them that , in our system , rights come with responsibilities . Like this one : Americans have the responsibility to treat one another , and one another 's cultures , with respect . Just because someone shows cultural pride -- St. Patrick 's Day , anyone ? -- does n't mean it 's an expression of anti-Americanism . Quite the opposite . America is all about coming together as one , while preserving the cultural attributes that make us unique . There 's the rub : The students who brought the lawsuit against school officials claim to be proud of the American flag . But it 's obvious they do n't have the foggiest idea what it represents . And , when they had the chance , their parents failed to teach them . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter for more views on the news The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Students wore flag T-shirts to provoke Mexican-American students Navarrette : Principal asked them to remove shirts , and they and their parents sued Showing common sense , he says , a judge dismissed the case , ruling in school 's favor Navarrette : Parents taught kids to play the victim , failed to teach them respect for others
CNN  -- In the halcyon days of space exploration , when the USSR was sending the very first satellites into orbit , and Neil Armstrong was about to take his first  small  steps on the moon , NASA 's finances accounted for a staggering 4.41 % of the US federal budget . In the last two years , that figure has dropped below 0.50 % for the first time since 1960 , and with the long , slow decline in funding has come an equally steady slide in the US government 's appetite for space exploration . Two years ago , many commentators were proclaiming the end of the space age . The contention seemed hard to dispute : in 2011 , NASA 's Space Shuttle program was permanently retired when the Atlantis touched down to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida , after completing its final voyage . Around the same time , plans for a U.S.-manned mission to Mars were shelved , and steps were put in place to decommission the International Space Station . But as governmental funds have dried up , amateur space enthusiasts around the world are reviving humanity 's interplanetary dreams through crowd-researched and crowd-funded space projects of their own . The idea of crowd funding , where a large number of individuals pledge a small amount of cash towards a big project , may not be new , but it has been given a new lease on life through websites such as Kickstarter , which help people with innovative ideas reach a global audience . To date , Kickstarter has helped fund films , video games , electronics and more . Recently though , Kickstarter , and other sites like it , have begun to be used to fund missions to the final frontier . To date , many of these projects have been relatively modest in scale and ambition , with sorties only as far as Earth 's low orbit . But some are attempting to recapture the spirit of President John F. Kennedy 's potent 1962 speech : "  We choose to go to the moon . We choose to go to the moon in this decade . " The most ambitious and headline grabbing of them all is a new crowd-researched venture to send a manned submarine to Jupiter 's ice moon , Europa . Yes , you read that right . The fledgling mission hopes to take an amphibious vehicle farther than humanity has ever traveled before , to dive deep into the freezing oceans of Europa . At the moment , the project simply aims to connect people around the world to begin researching the mission -- funding for the operation will come much later . Kristian von Bengtson is the man behind the audacious scheme . von Bengtson has spent the last five years working on crowd-funded rocket projects alongside his business partner Peter Madsen . Their organization , Copenhagen Suborbitals , has grown from a two-man team into a volunteer army of 45 full - and part-time collaborators with an annual crowd-sourced budget of around $ 400,000 . Europa is regarded as a suitable destination for human exploration due to the commonly held theory that beneath its icy surface lie great oceans of water in liquid form . Scientists suggest that Europa is one of the most likely locations in the Solar System to be capable of hosting extra-terrestrial life . Some have postulated that microbial life akin to that found in Earth 's deepest oceans may already exist there . So compelling is this possibility that the European Space Agency is planning a mission to send a robot to Europa in 2022 . For von Bengston though , sending robots into space holds no interest . "  If you send a piece of equipment to a part of space then you did n't actually go there ... Robots are stupid mindless machines . They are not curious , they do n't come up with ideas or solutions . " von Bengtson 's project is not without its critics . In an article on the online tech magazine Motherboard , Fran Bagenal , a professor of astrophysical and planetary sciences at the University of Colorado , says : "  What 's the point of sending humans ? What can they do that robots can not do better ? And robots do not need to breathe , eat , drink , excrete or come back . And robots have better bodies , eyes , hands , noses , ears -- and brains . " von Bengtson 's understands the criticism , but says that working towards a manned mission to Jupiter 's moon fulfills another critical purpose : to inspire . He says that inspiring people is essential to kickstarting the kinds of discussions he hopes the operation will produce . "  If we had talked about putting a solar panel into the sky , I guarantee we would not have got a dime in crowd funding . You need to have both the human and the pioneering aspect to attract interest . " Away from Operation Europa , von Bengtson and Madsen have aimed to muster this same enthusiasm to build support for their project to send a manned rocket into space . The Danish designer estimates that with the support he has received online , the project could come to fruition by 2020 : "  we are in a completely different age now , " von Bengtson says . "  You can reach everybody around the world . With the internet you can share your thoughts and ideas immediately and you can send money around the world . Copenhagen Suborbitals would n't be possible if you did n't have the internet . Everybody is able to join forces . " Other projects have found similar success online . Aerospace engineer Zac Manchester hit the fundraising target for his project to launch a hundred micro satellites after just two weeks . His experiment aims to test the communication capacities of small spacecraft , as well as determine how long they can stay in orbit and how well their electronics hold up in the harsh environment of space . The Cornell University graduate is looking forward to seeing his project launch in December . One of Manchester 's former research associates , Michael Johnson , has a similarly ambitious project called Pocket Spacecraft that allows anyone to buy into a mission to send a thousand tiny spacecraft to the moon . Investors will be able to track their small ship , from its design and construction through to launch and onward to the moon . Johnson says that the project is about "  democratizing interplanetary space exploration . " He hopes that experiments such as this will help build a new enthusiasm around space research . "  We 're building new tools , " Johnson says , "  so that one day every child will be able to send their own spacecraft on a robotic field trip in space . " Talking about his own project to CNN , Manchester said : "  I think that crowd funding is enabling new types of missions to be flown - smaller , cheaper , and riskier missions - that may not have been funded under traditional models . It is not going to replace the multi-billion dollar national space programs . Those programs , in fact , did the basic research that has enabled the current crop of crowd-funded space projects , including my own . The kind of sustained long-term research that governments have traditionally funded is still very much needed and I hope that it continues . " von Bengtson agrees , adding that his own work is only possible because of research that has already been done by governmental space programs : "  we are standing on the shoulders of , well , everyone , " he says . The work being done by this new breed of innovative crowd-funded and crowd-researched projects allows people around the world to actively get involved in space exploration . von Bengtson and others like him want to inspire not through mounting monolithic projects that are out of reach , but by opening the process up and inviting people to get involved . "  If they want , our donors can come to Denmark and see the test of our rocket engines for free . Many like to do that , but most are just happy to be a part of the project . They find it important , and they find it interesting to follow ... That dialogue is very important . " To get involved in von Bengtson 's plan to take a submarine to Jupiter , click here . Or to send your own spacecraft to the moon , click here .	Amateur space enthusiasts are mounting spaceflight missions funded by online supporters Copenhagen Suborbitals aims to send a manned rocket into space by 2020 Cornell graduate Zac Manchester will launch his crowd-funded micro satellite project in December
CNN  -- The FBI has launched an investigation into apparent leaks of classified information involving a cyberwarfare program against Iran , a U.S. official said Wednesday . FBI spokesman Paul Bresson had no comment on the reported investigation . Sen. Saxby Chambliss , ranking Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said he was informed that an FBI inquiry was under way . The senator from Georgia and other leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees issued a joint statement Tuesday deploring the apparent leaks . "  In recent weeks , we have become increasingly concerned at the continued leaks regarding sensitive intelligence programs and activities , including specific details of sources and methods , " said Chambliss ; Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein , D-California ; Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan ; and Ranking Member C.A. "  Dutch " Ruppersberger , D-Maryland , in the statement . "  These disclosures have seriously interfered with ongoing intelligence programs and have put at jeopardy our intelligence capability to act in the future . Each disclosure puts American lives at risk , makes it more difficult to recruit assets , strains the trust of our partners and threatens imminent and irreparable damage to our national security in the face of urgent and rapidly adapting threats worldwide . " The House and Senate Intelligence Committee leaders said they intended "  to review potential legislation to strengthen authorities and procedures with respect to access to classified information and disclosure of it , as well as to ensure that criminal and administrative measures are taken each time sensitive information is improperly disclosed . " "  We also intend to press for the executive branch to take tangible and demonstrable steps to detect and deter intelligence leaks , and to fully , fairly , and impartially investigate the disclosures that have already taken place . " The committee is expected to add leak provisions later this month , when it takes up the FY13 intelligence authorization bill . The plan is for the Senate to vote on the measure before the summer recess . Although the House has already passed a version of the bill without the leak provisions , they would likely be added during a conference with the Senate . Spyware infiltrating Iranian computers The White House pushed back against suggestions it could be leaking classified information for political purposes . "  This administration takes all appropriate and necessary steps to prevent leaks of classified information or sensitive information that could risk ongoing counterterrorism or intelligence operations , " spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday aboard Air Force One as the president traveled to campaign events on the West Coast . "  Any suggestion that this administration has authorized intentional leaks of classified information for political gain is grossly irresponsible . " Asked about the White House 's response , Sen. John McCain told CNN International 's "  Amanpour , " "  I would expect nothing else from the White House . But the fact is that the portrayal of the president in these stories is nothing short of heroic . " The ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee added , "  Clearly , administration officials were involved . " McCain , R-Arizona , said he has "  great faith " in the FBI but that a matter as weighty as national security "  probably deserves a special counsel . " He continued , "  It 's clear that the Iranians will profit from having this information . In fact , they might even feel they are justified in cybercounterattacks . " Feinstein told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " that she did n't believe any of the information came from the top ranks of the White House . "  I think one of the problems is , information is not closely held sufficiently , " she said . She described policies regarding responding to leaks as "  archaic " and said they need to be revamped . The government 's failure to keep its secrets has dissuaded some people from giving information to the United States and has endangered lives , she said , but she is unaware of anyone having been killed as a result . She would not go into specifics . "  People just talk too much , " she said . "  This did n't used to be the case . But suddenly it 's like it 's a spreadable disease . " John Kerry , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , expressed confidence Wednesday that the White House played no role in the apparent leaks . "  I know that people at the White House were not involved , " he said . He disputed McCain 's assertion to the contrary . "  McCain needs to know , before people make that kind of accusation , the reporters themselves have said it did not come from anybody on the Obama team or on the Democratic side or anything like that , " Kerry said . "  I take that at face value . " But he said such a leak "  endangers our long-term security . " A report in The New York Times on Friday provided classified details of what it described as a U.S cyberattack targeting Iran 's nuclear centrifuge program . Since shortly after he became president , Barack Obama has ordered cyberattacks targeting computers that run Iran 's nuclear enrichment facilities , the report said , attributing the information to participants in the program . The White House has said it did not authorize any leak of such information . McCain said Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin has agreed to hold a hearing on the matter . Some Republicans , including McCain , have called for a special prosecutor to investigate . But Deputy Attorney General James Cole , in response to a question from Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , said Wednesday that he does not believe a special prosecutor is needed in this case . Chambliss said he expects the FBI to conduct a "  full and fair investigation , including a review of administration officials who have been quoted anonymously or directly . " Feinstein said she had discussed the possibility of a joint hearing with Levin . On Tuesday , White House deputy press secretary Josh Earnest said the administration believes that classified information should remain secret for a reason , and "  publicizing it would pose a threat to our national security . " McCain and Chambliss cited other recent leaks as well , including information on the administration 's efforts to expand its drone program and the president 's involvement in "  kill lists " against militants in Yemen and Pakistan . Also , the public airing of details surrounding a recently disrupted bomb plot in Yemen by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula angered intelligence and national security officials . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Carol Cratty , Adam Levine , Ted Barrett , Pam Benson , Dan Lothian , Tom Dunlavey and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	"  People just talk too much , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein says The White House slams "  grossly irresponsible " suggestions of political leaks A report in The New York Times provides classified details of a U.S cyberattack on Iran Sen. Saxby Chambliss says he was told an FBI inquiry is under way
Longmont , Colorado  CNN  -- Sue Frederick says she can see your dream job and is ready to help you find it . Unlike traditional career counselors , Frederick uses her "  intuition " to help her clients . "  I 've been called a clairvoyant and a medium because my skills fit those skills , " says Frederick . She says she only amplifies the intuition that each of her clients already has : "  You have all the answers you need inside of you and all the gifts you need to make it happen . " What she does is much more than just gazing into a crystal ball or reading someone 's palm . "  I help people first see the big picture , then I bring it down to the concrete baby steps , " she says . "  Everyone needs to have a baby step action plan , or they are paralyzed ... so we break it down . " Here 's how it works : Clients who are usually in some sort of job crisis , laid off or unhappy with their work , get in touch with Frederick , usually by phone , and give her their date of birth . "  If you take your date of birth and digit it down to a single number , you come up with the energy of what you have come to be in the world through your path , your work , " she says . "  I help people see what that means in their life . " Next , Frederick meditates about the client 's case and says she has visions of the right career move for her clients . "  I see images and pictures of people doing their great work in the world , " she says . At this point , many people roll their eyes and write Frederick off -- but she says a better job and a better life await those willing to make the leap . "  The first step is to understand more about your soul 's mission , " she says . "  There 's always a deeper story when people are unhappy with their job or they are afraid -- it 's time for a reinvention point . " It 's at that point , she says , that people are willing to "  pull back and look at the bigger picture of their life . " These reinvention points , according to Frederick , come as part of nine-year cycles . She uses numerology to pinpoint where her clients are on those cycles and when it 's time to change she helps people move in a more fulfilling direction . "  The next step in everyone 's career journey is to a higher expression of their gifts and what they 've come to do in this world , " she says . "  So it becomes more meaningful work , more financially successful , more fulfilling in that they think they are bringing more of their true self to the world through their work . " But she emphasizes that this does n't mean taking a vow of poverty to teach yoga or live on an ashram . "  Here 's the myth : We 're told that either we can pick work that we love and be poor and starve or we can have the job we take for benefits and security and be unhappy , " she says . "  We 're told that those are our two choices , and that 's not true at all . " Frederick , 59 , made her own career change a decade ago . She says she has been aware of her psychic powers since she was a little girl but was reluctant to share them . After a career as a journalist and magazine editor , she decided to become a career counselor and use her intuition . She has worked with thousands of clients who pay $ 250 for a one-hour session with her , usually over the phone . She shares a large house outside of Boulder , Colorado , with her husband and teenage kids . Statues of the Hindu god Ganesh mingle effortlessly with baseball gear and running shoes . Frederick -- who also hosts seminars and has written a book , "  I See Your Dream Job " -- says she is booked six months in advance . She says that while the current economic downturn is difficult in the short term , it is presenting people with the opportunity to change and find a better career and a better , more fulfilling life . "  This economy means people who have been unhappy with their job but just took it for the benefits and the paycheck are finally getting shaken out of those jobs , " she says . "  Now they finally get the opportunity to reinvent . "  Now when you laid off and ca n't get a job in your old path , you finally get to go , ` OK , maybe I can take a baby step in a new direction . ' " She says it 's all about discovering your true passion in life : "  When we pick a career from our passion , from our soul 's work , then that always brings us to true abundance no matter how strange or unique or unusual that work may be . "	Sue Frederick uses her "  intuition " to help clients find their true career path She charges clients $ 250 an hour and usually consults by phone "  I help people first see the big picture , then I bring it down to ... baby steps , " she says Frederick says business is booming ; she is booked through the end of the year
CNN  -- A Florida couple declined to answer the door just before midnight when a nearly naked woman knocked and screamed she had just been raped . Rather , the homeowners called 911 Monday night . The couple inside the home refused to let the woman in because they said they were afraid to open their door . In the 911 call , the woman can be heard pleading in the background . The distressed couple begged police to hurry . Their home is in an isolated area , and the couple feared for their safety if they opened the door . It took about 11 minutes for police to arrive . A subsequent investigation led to an arrest of a suspect and prompted the spokesman of the DeLand Police Department to remark that "  unfortunately fear dictates the response anymore not knowing if  you 're  being set up for other criminal activity . " Related : Teens trained to be active bystanders in dating violence Police spokesman Lt. Jack Waples added that if citizens are uncomfortable opening the door to someone seeking help , "  tell the person to calm down , you are calling 911 now , " Waples said in a statement . "  If there are two of you , one continues to talk to the victim reassuring them help is on the way while the other person stays on the line with the authorities , " Waples said . "  You control how you respond . For example , tell the person to back away from the door to a place  you 're  comfortable with so you can throw out a blanket or something then go back inside . Always beware of your surroundings around the entry way such as high bushes someone else could be hiding behind . "  Every situation will be unique in its own way and the decision to help is up to the individual depending on how much they can do to assist , " Waples said . Juan L. Vera-Soledad , 29 , of DeLand was arrested in the incident and charged with kidnapping and sex battery with a weapon , according to a charging affidavit filed by police . Vera-Soledad was in custody Thursday , and it was n't immediately clear whether he had an attorney . The incident began late Monday night when the woman was forced at knifepoint to enter a man 's car at a Citgo in DeLand , a police affidavit said . The motorist had been circling her several times in his 1998 four-door Toyota and then stopped his car and asked her to get in , the police report said . The man then got out of his car and revealed a silver switchblade-style knife , forcing her into the passenger seat , police said . He then drove to a location and raped the woman repeatedly , the police document said . When the man "  then laid down in the backseat as if to take a break for a couple of minutes , " the woman sat up , elbowed him in the chest , grabbed her pink shorts and fled to the residence , the document said . The homeowner told police that "  he heard someone outside banging on his front door yelling that she had been raped , " the affidavit said . Responding officers then searched for the suspect and found him with a "  known prostitute " in his car , the report said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	A nearly naked woman in Florida flees a rapist 's car just before midnight She bangs on homeowner 's door , screaming for help The homeowner refuses to let the woman inside and instead calls 911 Police find suspect , say citizens "  unfortunately " now fear criminal set-ups
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates says he will urge President Obama to veto a coming $ 726 billion defense authorization bill if it contains funding for unwanted projects Gates has been trying to cut for years . Gates has been vocal about financial reform at the Pentagon , trying to rein in some big-ticket contracts and telling Congress to stop spending money on C-17 transport planes that are not needed and a $ 485 million alternate engine for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter  JSF  . The JSF engine program -- already delayed and over budget -- could end up costing taxpayers billions of dollars , according to Gates . But with jobs at stake , Congress has ignored those requests for years and continued to appropriate funds for the C-17 and a second F-35 engine . "  The detailed conditions they -LSB- Congress -RSB- have imposed on the overall JSF program would make it essentially un-executable and impose unacceptable schedule and budget costs , " Gates said Thursday at a Pentagon briefing . "  As I have stated repeatedly , should the Congress insist on adding funding for a costly and unnecessary JSF extra engine or direct changes that seriously disrupt the JSF program , or impose additional C-17 aircraft , I will strongly recommend that the president veto such legislation , " he said . The Pentagon believes the proposal for the new engine , made by General Electric , would end up costing about $ 2.9 billion which includes re-working the engine already being tested because there is concern it does not meet the performance needs for the F-35 . Those costs would be picked up by taxpayer dollars , according to Pentagon estimates . Additionally the contract for the new proposal by Congress would require cutting the purchase of the current engine by half to let the General Electric engine purchase catch up , according to Gates . "  Only in Washington does a proposal where everybody wins get considered a competition , where everybody is guaranteed a piece of the action at the end , " Gates said . "  Yes , we 're in favor of competition , but my idea of competition is winner takes all , and we do n't have that kind of a situation here , " he continued . The House Armed Services Committee passed the bill Wednesday . The bill must be approved by the entire House then matched by a Senate version and signed by Obama before becoming law .	Gates wants veto of defense spending bill if projects he deems unnecessary remain $ 726 billion measure needs House , Senate approval before it goes to Obama Gates cites items funded by Congress , after he has labeled them unneeded Extra C-17 transport planes , alternate fighter jet engine are on his list
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Georgia judge Friday dismissed an emergency motion filed by the ex-wife of music mogul Usher Raymond seeking temporary custody of their son . The judge ruled that even though the 5-year-old child was injured in a swimming pool accident this week , it was not an emergency or crisis situation requiring that Usher 's two children be taken from him . The child , Usher Raymond V , remains hospitalized but is doing "  much better , " his mother posted on Twitter . "  What happened here was an awful accident and ... I 'm not certain that had any single person been at the poolside that one person could have done any better than Ms. Oden . And Ms. Oden did impress me as a capable caregiver , " Fulton County Superior Court Judge John Goger said , referring to the boy 's aunt , Rena Oden , who was caring for the child at the time of the accident . "  Based on the evidence I heard , not one person could have done any better than Ms. Oden , " the judge added . The judge then addressed Usher 's ex-wife , Tameka Foster Raymond : "  Your standards for caregivers are rather high , " Goger said , pointing out that most people have been watched by a grandmother or aunt . The judge instructed Usher to keep his ex-wife informed about his whereabouts and who 's taking care of their two children . At Friday 's emergency custody hearing in Atlanta , Usher , as he is known in his career as a singer and actor , testified that he waited an hour to inform his ex-wife that their son had nearly drowned in a swimming pool accident because "  the first thing to do was to respond to the emergency ... My son was hysterical and in the back of an ambulance . " His ex-wife testified earlier that she does not trust the childcare of Raymond 's aunt who was present when their son fell into the pool . Foster Raymond also said Usher does not keep her informed about who is taking of their children or the doings in the children 's lives . "  They come home with bags of medicine . I do n't know why or what illness or who 's taking them to the doctor ... he does n't confer with me regarding anything , nothing , " she told the court . Foster Raymond became extremely emotional after the 911 call made by Usher 's aunt was played in court . "  I do n't know if my son is going to have a brain defect . I do n't know if his heart is operating correctly . I do n't know if my son 's going to be 100 % the boy he was before this incident , " Foster Raymond said . Foster Raymond said Usher 's aunt is incapable of keeping up with the two children . In reference to their other son jumping into the pool to help Usher V , Foster Raymond testified : "  He ca n't even swim , he was trying to save his brother . That 's chaos , that is chaos , that 's chaos . " She kept repeating "  that 's chaos " as she wiped her eyes , and the judge told her to get off the stand . Usher testified he 's notified Foster Raymond on several occasions about changes to the children 's caregivers , contrary to her earlier claims . He also said he 's scheduled to be in Atlanta for the remainder of August . The children 's activities are outlined in a weekly e-mail , according to Usher . He said he tells Foster Raymond about doctors ' visits , summer camps , or travel , including the aliases used to book hotel rooms , in the rare event he travels with the kids . When one attorney tried asking why Usher does n't update Foster Raymond on his travel plans , the judge jumped in : "  An emergency means life and death -- that these kids are in danger and need to be somewhere else . " The judge told the attorney to move on with her questions . At another point in testimony , the aunt took the stand . Oden said she 's disabled because of her back , but she can swim and attends therapy sessions in water . The aunt also said she knows CPR , or cardiopulmonary resuscitation , though she needs to be recertified . When asked by Foster Raymond 's attorney if she can pick up more than 25 pounds , Oden said : "  Sometimes , it just depends on how my back is feeling . "  I know how to take care of children , " Oden added . Five-year-old Usher Raymond V is recovering from Monday 's accident at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta Hospital , according to the lawyer for Foster Raymond . A breathing tube inserted after the accident has since been removed , attorney Angela Kinley told CNN . Usher , won primary custody of the couple 's two children , Usher V and 4-year-old Naviyd , last year after a bitter court fight in which Foster Raymond accused the singer of being an absentee father . Foster Raymond filed in May for a custody modification . That case had n't been heard by the time the swimming pool accident happened Monday , so Foster Raymond filed Tuesday for an emergency hearing on the matter . Timeline : Raymond v. Raymond Usher 's former stepson , also Foster Raymond 's son , died in a watercraft accident on a north Georgia lake last year . CNN 's Alan Duke reported from Los Angeles , and Rich Philiips reported from Atlanta . Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles , and Melissa Gray contributed in Atlanta .	NEW : Judge says babysitting aunt is "  a capable caregiver " NEW : Judge tells Usher 's ex-wife that her caregiving standards "  are rather high " NEW : "  That 's chaos , that is chaos , that 's chaos , " ex-wife sobs about near drowning NEW : "  I know how to take care of children , " Usher 's aunt tells court
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama says he is "  absolutely committed to making sure " Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran . His comments to The New York Times , published on Sunday , come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran . Tehran agreed to halt the country 's nuclear ambitions , and in exchange , Western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the Iran 's economy . Obama said he understands and respects Netanyahu 's stance that Israel is particularly vulnerable and does n't "  have the luxury of testing these propositions " in the deal . "  But what I would say to them is that not only am I absolutely committed to making sure they maintain their qualitative military edge , and that they can deter any potential future attacks , but what I 'm willing to do is to make the kinds of commitments that would give everybody in the neighborhood , including Iran , a clarity that if Israel were to be attacked by any state , that we would stand by them , " Obama said . That , he said , should be "  sufficient to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see whether or not we can at least take the nuclear issue off the table , " he said . The framework negotiators announced last week would see Iran reduce its centrifuges from 19,000 to 5,060 , limit the extent to which uranium necessary for nuclear weapons can be enriched and increase inspections . The talks over a final draft are scheduled to continue until June 30 . But Netanyahu and Republican critics in Congress have complained that Iran wo n't have to shut down its nuclear facilities and that the country 's leadership is n't trustworthy enough for the inspections to be as valuable as Obama says they are . Obama said even if Iran ca n't be trusted , there 's still a case to be made for the deal . "  In fact , you could argue that if they are implacably opposed to us , all the more reason for us to want to have a deal in which we know what they 're doing and that , for a long period of time , we can prevent them from having a nuclear weapon , " Obama said .	In an interview with The New York Times , President Obama says he understands Israel feels particularly vulnerable Obama calls the nuclear deal with Iran a "  once-in-a-lifetime opportunity " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and many U.S. Republicans warn that Iran can not be trusted
Ukrainian authorities and pro-Russia rebels in eastern Ukraine agreed on a complete ceasefire and buffer zone early Saturday in talks in Belarus , Russia 's state-run RIA-Novosti news agency reported . Both sides also agreed to move heavy weaponry back from the front lines of the conflict , which had been raging from April until a preliminary truce was reached two weeks ago . That ceasefire has been shaky and interspersed with fighting that is at times heavy . The new deal -- hammered out at talks in Minsk by representatives of Russia , the Ukrainian government , rebel leaders and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe -- sets out nine provisions for a more lasting ceasefire , RIA Novosti said . The "  Minsk memorandum , " read out by former Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma , includes : a bilateral ceasefire ; no movement of military forces beyond the front line as of September 19 ; no use of weapons or offensive action ; heavy weaponry to be moved back at least 15 kilometers  nine miles  from the front line , to create a 30-kilometer buffer zone . The provisions also include a ban on the use of heavy weaponry in residential areas ; a ban on flights over the buffer zone except by the OSCE , which has been monitoring implementation of the ceasefire ; and the withdrawal of all foreign fighters and military equipment from Ukrainian territory -- to be monitored by the OSCE . Ukraine and the West say Russia has given heavy weaponry and training to the rebels , as well sending Russian troops over the border to fight alongside them . Russia 's President Vladimir Putin denies the claims . Russia sends convoy Meanwhile , a third Russian humanitarian-aid convoy has arrived in the city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine after crossing the border early Saturday , Russia 's state-run Itar-Tass reported . The 200 trucks are carrying food , power generators , medical supplies , clothes and bottled water , according to the report . According to Itar-Tass , Ukrainian authorities and representatives from International Committee of the Red Cross were offered the chance to inspect the latest convoy but "  refused without offering any reasons . " Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council spokesman Col. Andriy Lysenko told reporters in Kiev on Saturday that Russia had informed Ukraine that it would send a humanitarian aid convoy but that it had not asked for permission . Lysenko was not able to confirm that the convoy had crossed the border . He said separatists control the Izvarino checkpoint through which the convoy reportedly passed and that Ukrainian border guards would not be able to inspect the trucks ' contents as they do not man the crossing . Two previous convoys entered Ukraine from Russia without the permission of Ukrainian authorities or checks on what the trucks were carrying . They delivered supplies to the city of Luhansk , like Donetsk a stronghold for the pro-Russia rebels who have been battling Ukrainian forces for control of the area . Poroshenko ` fully satisfied ' with U.S. help On Thursday , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko advocated before a joint session in Congress in Washington for greater support to his military , which has been battling pro-Russia rebels in his country 's east . The United States has sent nonlethal aid such as blankets and night night vision goggles , but Poroshenko requested help arming his troops -- a request that once again was rebuffed . Poroshenko , who also met with U.S. President Barack Obama , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that Ukraine was "  fully satisfied " with the offer of U.S. help received . He also stressed that the crisis in eastern Ukraine could not be resolved by military means alone . A rocket attack by pro-Russia rebels killed 10 civilians and injured 12 others in eastern Ukraine on Wednesday , the Ukrainian military said . In Ukraine this week , lawmakers passed legislation giving "  special status " to rebel-controlled areas in the eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions . The measure grants amnesty to the separatists -- but only if they disarm , release hostages and give up occupied buildings . The new law also provides protections for Russian-language speakers in the region . Sanctions pressure Russia Russia 's incursion into Ukraine has spurred several rounds of economic sanctions from the United States and Europe , which have so far failed to persuade Putin to change course . After Poroshenko 's speech to Congress , legislators on the Senate Foreign Relations panel voted unanimously to advance a bipartisan package of new aid to Ukraine that includes both military and non-military assistance to the country . The measure allocates $ 350 million for the effort . At the same time , the Ukrainian Parliament and the European Union ratified a political and economic agreement that also includes free trade provisions , though they wo n't come into force until the start of 2016 . Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision to drop the EU Association agreement late last year in favor of closer ties with Moscow triggered the popular unrest that led to his ouster in February , followed by Russia 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region a month later and the deadly conflict in eastern Ukraine . Moscow is opposed to Ukraine 's pivot toward the West , which has been pushed forward by Poroshenko .	Russia did not ask for permission to send in its aid convoy , Ukrainian official says Ukraine , rebels agree to detailed ceasefire deal , Russian state media say On Thursday , Ukrainian President Poroshenko asked the U.S. for arms The request was denied , but lawmakers approved more nonlethal aid
When SpongeBob SquarePants skips onto shelves in boxes of Kraft Macaroni & Cheese next year , he may be a little less , well , yellow than your kids are used to . Kraft has revamped its character-shaped product line for 2014 , according to company spokeswoman Lynne Galia . The new versions will have six additional grams of whole grains , be lower in sodium and saturated fat , and will use spices instead of artificial food dyes to recreate the pasta 's famous yellow-orange color . "  Parents have told us that they would like fun Mac & Cheese varieties with the same great taste , but with improved nutrition , " Galia said in an e-mail . The company will remove Yellow No. 5 and Yellow No. 6 from boxes containing pasta shaped like SpongeBob SquarePants and those with Halloween and winter shapes . Two new shapes of the popular pasta -- Nickelodeon 's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " from Dreamworks -- will also be free of food coloring , Galia said . Check out Eatocracy 's recipe for homemade Mac & Cheese The Center for Science in the Public Interest hailed Kraft 's decision on Friday . Michael Jacobson , the center 's executive director , said he is pleased with the announcement but is "  puzzled " as to why Kraft would not change its iconic elbow-shaped macaroni product as well . "  As Kraft has today shown , it is clearly possible to make macaroni and cheese without these harmful chemicals , " Jacobson said in a statement . The company tries to offer a wide variety of choices to consumers , Galia responded . "  Making ingredient changes is n't as simple as it would seem , " she said . "  All of the ingredients must work together to deliver the distinctive taste , appearance and texture consumers expect and love from Original KRAFT Mac & Cheese . Our fans have made it clear they wo n't settle for anything less . " In Europe , foods with Yellow No. 5 are required to include a warning label that says , "  This product may have adverse effect on activity and attention in children . " Instead of adding this label on its products , Kraft chose to remove the artificial dyes from its European line , and uses paprika and beta-carotene to add color . The company has not make the same change in the United States . That "  double standard " is what convinced Food Babe blogger Vani Hari to start a Change.org petition to convince Kraft to remove these dyes from all of the company 's products . "  We recently discovered that several American products are using harmful additives that are not used -- and in some cases banned -- in other countries , " Hari wrote on the petition . Yellow No. 5 has been linked to hyperactivity , asthma , some skin conditions and cancer , but larger scientific studies have proved inconclusive . Could our favorite food flavorings damage our DNA ? The Food and Drug Administration must approve color additives in the United States ; Yellow No. 5 and Yellow No. 6 were approved for use in foods in 1969 and 1986 , respectively . More than 348,000 people have signed Hari 's petition , and she delivered the electronic signatures to Kraft headquarters in April . She met with a public relations representative , but said she left the meeting feeling unsatisfied . Since then she has dedicated her time to pressuring the company to change . Thousands of parents have sent her letters , she said , talking about the behavioral changes they 've seen in their kids since they removed artificial dyes from their diets . Hari does n't have children herself , but she has two nephews that she worries about . "  When I do have kids , " she said , "  I want to have a food system that I trust . " Hooray for healthier mac n ' cheese ! Hari is thrilled that Kraft is going to alter its new line , but says there is more work to do . Other companies have removed artificial dyes from their products overseas without doing the same in America , she says . There 's another campaign on Change.org asking Mars Inc. to remove the additives from M&M 's . Jacobson urged parents to continue signing Hari 's petition on Change.org . "  As long as the Food and Drug Administration remains perched up in the bleachers and not on the playing field , action on the part of the consumers is the only thing that will get these companies ' attention , " he said .	Kraft will remove artificial food dyes from its new pasta shape varieties Certain pasta shapes marketed to children will not include Yellow No. 5 and 6 Kraft will likely use spices such as paprika , annatto and turmeric in its new products
The Obama administration went into the first hours of the new enrollment period under the Affordable Care Act with confidence that last year 's problems with HealthCare.gov were behind them . "  We 've spent the last year improving and upgrading HealthCare.gov , to make it faster and easier to use , " President Barack Obama said in his weekly address as the enrollment period launched Saturday morning . Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell said that more than 23,000 people submitted an application in the first eight hours of enrollment and more than 1.2 million unique visitors shopped for coverage on HealthCare.gov last week . There were reports , including from USA Today , of some glitches in the enrollment process . When asked by CNN whether applicants were having any problems with the website , officials declined to comment . Depending on where they live , consumers are finding premiums that have increased or decreased , according to new data released by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services . The change in premiums differs widely state to state , according to multiple independent consulting firms that analyzed the data . In Alaska , the average lowest bronze plan premium increased 28 % and in Mississippi , the same plan 's premium decreased 19 % . On average , states saw a 3-4 % increase in premiums , according to Avalere Health , a research and consulting firm . "  The bottom line is that exchange enrollee 's 2015 premiums will vary widely based on geography , " Elizabeth Carpenter , director at Avalere Health , said in a press release . A separate study by PriceWaterhouseCoopers -- which analyzed 43 states and the District of Columbia -- found that premiums are rising 5.6 % on average . The administration has not released an official number on the change in premiums . As a new enrollment period for Obamacare begins , Republicans are not shying away in their fight to put an end to Obamacare . "  Conservatives should ... take advantage of opportunities to repeal any part of the law and replace it with better policies that empower Americans , not Washington , " Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch wrote in USA Today this week . Wyoming Republican Sen. John Barrasso , an orthopedic surgeon and health policy expert , said that GOP hopes of repealing Obamacare are not realistic until there is a Republican in the White House . But he told WPBI radio last month conservatives should "  systematically strip away the worst parts of Obamacare . " But some conservatives want a more radical approach , and recommend repealing Obamacare by using the budget tool reconciliation , which requires only 51 votes and , ironically , was used to pass the law in 2010 . Administration officials are continuing to encourage signups , claiming there will be more affordable choices for 2015 . "  This window wo n't stay open forever . You only have three months to shop for plans , so it 's worth starting right away . And it might make a big difference for your family 's bottom line , " Obama said in his weekly address . At the start of last year 's rollout , HealthCare.gov was plagued with technical issues , preventing consumers from purchasing insurance , which the Obama administration ascribed to "  glitches " due to high traffic on the site . According to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services , there is a 25 % increase in issuers in the marketplace and more than 90 % of consumers will be able to select from three or more issuers . "  Today 's data provides further evidence that the Affordable Care Act is working to improve competition and choice among Marketplace plans in 2015 , " CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner said . "  Consumers should shop around , with new options available this year they 're likely to find a better deal . " More than 7 million people enrolled in insurance through the Affordable Care Act and paid an average of $ 82 a month , according to the Obama administration . A Gallup poll released Friday found that over seven in 10 Americans who bought health insurance policies through the government exchange rate the quality of their healthcare as "  excellent " or "  good . " Obamacare : Voters , are you stupid ?	President Obama promises that the HealthCare.gov site will work well But officials declined to say if there were any glitches reported The new enrollment period opened Saturday In general , rates higher
CNN  -- A plane crash Tuesday killed six public servants working for Mexico 's attorney general 's office , officials said . The crash in Zacatecas state occurred a day after the authorities onboard had carried out an arrest warrant against several suspected members of the Zetas cartel , Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said in a statement . Authorities are investigating what caused the crash of the plane , which belonged to his office , Murillo Karam said . The plane did not return to Mexico City as scheduled on Monday due to mechanical problems , he said . Instead , the plane headed back to Mexico City at noon Tuesday . It crashed 10 minutes after takeoff , Murillo Karam said . Two federal police agents and an agent working for the organized crime investigation branch of the attorney general 's office were among the casualties . The plane 's pilot , co-pilot and a mechanic also were killed . CNN 's Rene Hernandez and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Police agents and an organized crime investigator are among the casualties Crash occurs a day after authorities carry out an arrest warrant against suspected Zetas Plane had mechanical problems the day before
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An elementary school at the center of a civil rights battle , a hospital ravaged by Hurricane Katrina and a hangar that once housed U.S. Navy dirigibles are on this year 's National Trust for Historic Preservation 's endangered list . Sumner was the centerpiece of the landmark 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education . The 11 sites represent the country 's architectural , cultural and natural heritage , and "  reflect extraordinary periods of American history , " National Trust Director Richard Moe said . The sites were chosen from about 70 nominees by the member-supported nonprofit group . Founded in 1949 , it aims to protect significant buildings and locales , now protected under the 1966 Historic Preservation Act . Of the roughly 200 places listed by the organization in the past 20 years , the National Trust says only six have been lost . Moe said the list is designed to raise awareness . "  The 11 represent the different kinds of historic places in different parts of the country . It 's a representative list , " said Moe , who leads the organization of nearly 300,000 members . Endangerment does n't necessarily mean the building is in the potential path of a bulldozer , according to Moe . Lack of funding can be just as serious , as the case of the California state parks demonstrates . The sites are listed in alphabetical order : Boyd Theater , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania The Art Deco movie palace known as the Sameric was closed in 2002 and is for sale . A local group , Friends of the Boyd , is trying to save the 1928 theater , the last of its kind in Philadelphia . Only a few elaborate theaters from that era have survived , and the Boyd was the only one built in the downtown area . Moe said a "  sympathetic developer " could restore the theater . California 's park system The largest state park system in the United States suffers from chronic underfunding , including $ 1.2 billion worth of deferred maintenance , the National Trust said . The problem is worsening because of California 's budget crisis . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger submitted a budget proposal this year that would have closed 48 parks , but the National Trust said the revised budget restored $ 11.8 million of the $ 13.3 million in cuts he requested . Current funds cover only 40 percent of maintenance and operations , which means irreplaceable historic and cultural resources remain endangered , the National Trust said . The system includes 278 parks , 1.5 million acres and 295 miles of ocean front . Many parks house historic buildings such as the 1820s-era Franciscan La Purisima Mission complex near Lompoc . Charity Hospital and adjacent neighborhood , New Orleans , Louisiana Charity Hospital , once the main trauma center for southeastern Louisiana , was closed after Hurricane Katrina swamped New Orleans in 2005 . The building was declared unsalvageable , according to Donald R. Smithburg , chief executive of Louisiana State University Health Care Services Division , which operates university hospitals . There are plans to demolish nearly 200 homes in the Mid-City neighborhood to accommodate construction of two new hospitals . Alternate locations for the new hospitals are available , and Charity Hospital could be rehabilitated , according to the National Trust . Great Falls Portage , Great Falls , Montana This National Historic Landmark is one of the best-preserved landscapes along the Lewis and Clark Trail , but a massive coal-fired power plant is planned in the area . "  Development abutting the Great Falls Portage , an undeveloped rural area under panoramic blue Montana skies , will irreparably harm the cultural and visual landscape , " the National Trust said Hangar One , Moffett Field , Santa Clara County , California The hangar was built in 1932 to house U.S. Navy dirigibles . It is a cavernous , 200-foot-tall , dome-shaped structure sitting on more than 8 acres . A 2003 inspection revealed carcinogenic PCBs leaking from the hangar 's metallic exterior , the National Trust said . PCBs were widely used in electrical transformers . The Navy transferred Hangar One to NASA in 1992 . Although the Navy remains responsible for environmental remediation , it is not required to preserve the building . Lower East Side , New York The Lower East Side in southeast Manhattan was home for immigrants and the working class in the 19th and early 20th centuries , but it is becoming gentrified . Development threatens historic churches , theaters , schools and tenements , "  a unique architectural type which , by the sheer numbers who lived in such a building , had an impact on more Americans than any other form of urban housing , " the National Trust said . Michigan Avenue Streetwall , Chicago , Illinois This 12-block stretch of historic buildings along Michigan Avenue between 11th and Randolph Streets dates back to the early 1880s . The streetwall is a collection of notable buildings by architects including Adler & Sullivan , Louis Sullivan , D. H. Burnham and Holabird & Roche , the National Trust said . Although the stretch was designated a Chicago Landmark in 2002 , the National Trust says its historic character is threatened by the inappropriate addition of large-scale towers that retain only small portions of the original buildings or their facades . Peace Bridge Neighborhood , Buffalo , New York The bridge and neighborhood , which has homes and buildings dating to the 1850s , includes two parks on the National Register of Historic Places that are part of Frederick Law Olmsted 's park system . The Public Bridge Authority proposes to expand the bridge and build a 45-acre plaza that would destroy more than 100 homes and businesses , many of which are eligible for inclusion on the National Register , the National Trust said . According to the organization , the PBA has refused to "  properly consider " other sites . The Statler Hilton Hotel , Dallas , Texas When the Statler Hilton opened in downtown Dallas in 1956 , it was considered the most modern hotel in the country . Today , the vacant building sits on a desirable parcel of real estate . The Statler Hilton faces pressure from encroaching development that may lead to demolition . The National Trust says a sympathetic developer is needed to restore and reopen the hotel . Sumner Elementary School , Topeka , Kansas Sumner was the centerpiece of the landmark 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education . The court 's decision that "  separate educational facilities are inherently unequal " helped launch the civil rights movement by declaring school segregation unconstitutional . Vizcaya and the Bonnet House , Florida The development of out-of-scale buildings and corresponding zoning changes will ruin the vistas surrounding Vizcaya Museum and Gardens in Miami and the Bonnet House Museum and Gardens in Fort Lauderdale , the National Trust said . Such development could set a precedent for high-rise structures , it added .	National Trust for Historic Preservation releases list of 11 endangered sites List includes urban neighborhoods threatened by development , gentrification School at center of Brown v. Board of Education makes list The National Trust hopes the list will draw awareness to the endangered sites
Liverpool striker Luis Suarez has been found guilty of racially abusing a Manchester United player in October , the English Football Association announced on Tuesday . The Uruguay international was suspended for eight matches and fined # 40,000  $ 63,000  after a seven-day hearing by an independent regulatory commission . He has 14 days to appeal the punishment , the FA said . Manchester United 's Patrice Evra , who is black , said the word Suarez shouted repeatedly during the October 15 Premier League match was a racial slur and demanded that Suarez be held accountable . Liverpool issued a statement saying it was "  very surprised and disappointed " with the decision . Blog : Footballers are TV stars , and should act like it ... "  We find it extraordinary that Luis can be found guilty on the word of Patrice Evra alone when no-one else on the field of play -- including Evra 's own Manchester United teammates and all the match officials -- heard the alleged conversation between the two players , " the club said . "  We will study the details reasons of the commission once they become available , but reserve our right to appeal or take any other course of action we feel appropriate with regards to this situation . " Suarez did not specify what he said , but has previously said it was n't offensive . "  I did n't insult him . It was only a form of expressing myself . I called him something his own teammates from Manchester call him , " Suarez said , according to the Uruguayan newspaper El Pais . One word with many meanings translates into sports controversy British media reports suggested Suarez used the term "  negrito . " Scholars who have studied race issues in Latin America say that such a term can have different meanings and connotations in different nations . Generally , however , negrito is not considered a racial slur in Latin America , said Mark Sawyer , director of the Center for the Study of Race , Ethnicity and Politics at the University of California Los Angeles . "  It 's often a term of endearment , " he said . But Dr. Carmen Fracchia , a Paraguayan who works in the Iberian and Latin American Studies department of Birkbeck University of London , told CNN that the term is not affectionate when it refers to strangers . In a post on his Facebook page shortly after the match , Suarez said he was upset by the allegations . "  I can only say that I have always respected and respect everybody , " he said . "  We are all the same . I go to the field with the maximum  enthusiasm  of a little child who enjoys what he does , not to create conflicts . " Evra , who is a Senegal-born French citizen , said in an interview with France 's Canal Plus that evidence supported his claim . "  There are cameras , " the former France national team captain said . "  You can see him say a certain word to me at least 10 times . There is no place for that in 2011 . " The commission found that Suarez "  used insulting words towards Mr. Evra " and that those words "  included a reference to Mr. Evra 's color , " the FA statement said . Liverpool noted that in his written statement , even Evra said he did not believe Suarez is racist . "  Luis himself is of a mixed-race family background , as his grandfather was black , " the club said . It noted that Suarez has been involved since the 2010 World Cup in "  a charitable project which uses sport to encourage solidarity amongst people of different backgrounds with the central theme that the colour of a person 's skin does not matter ... We do not recognize the way in which Luis Suarez has been characterized . " The club said it believes the FA was "  determined to bring charges against Luis Suarez , even before interviewing him at the beginning of November . Nothing we have heard in the course of the hearing has changed our view that Luis Suarez is innocent of the charges against him and we will provide Luis with whatever support he now needs to clear his name . "	Suarez 's eight-match ban and fine is suspended pending any appeal His club Liverpool expresses disappointment with the decision Uruguay international denies insulting Manchester United 's Patrice Evra
CNN  -- Six kids , one RV , 10 weeks and dozens of U.S. states . A group of orphans from Afghanistan has embarked on a journey from Massachusetts to California and places in between , seeing more of the United States than many Americans see in a lifetime . The road trip , which kicked off in January , is about "  the kids getting an education in the landscape and history of America , " says Ian Pounds , an American who 's both their driver while in the U.S. and a volunteer at their orphanage in Kabul , the Afghan capital . The four girls and two boys between the ages of 11 and 18 have seen the Boston Science Museum and Aquarium , the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , and the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia . Destinations down the road include Mardi Gras in New Orleans , Native American storytellers in the Southwest , and nature hikes near San Francisco , before heading to New York City and back home to Afghanistan in March . The youngest traveler is 11-year-old Shokofa , who also goes by Frishta . She wears a fuzzy pink hat and scarf , loves pizza , and plays the trumpet . The boys , Araj and Mohsen , are 13 and 12 , inseparable . Mohsen dreams about being a filmmaker . The older girls -- Hala , Maria and Lida -- are 16 , 17 , and 18 , respectively . "  It 's amazing , " Maria says of her American experience so far . "  I like very much here . I learned more things and  have had  many experiences . " The kids are among an estimated 2 million orphans in Afghanistan . They are in the care of orphanages run by the Afghan Child Education and Care Organization and were chosen for this trip because of their grades and academic achievements . The tour , funded by grants from the U.S. Embassy 's Afghan Women Empowerment program and Goldman Sachs , is also helping to raise money for the orphanages and building relationships between the two countries . Pounds moved from the U.S. to Kabul to volunteer in the orphanage three years ago . He says the experience has changed his life , and he hopes the same type of travel experience can influence the children . "  It was important to me to climb up into the mountains near Nuristan and see the village where many of the children come from , " he says . "  It 's equally important for them to come and discover America , where their teacher comes from , to immerse themselves , to develop a worldliness , poise , communication skills -- everything a teacher values in education . " The RV -- or "  Magic Freedom bus , " as they call it -- has everything they need for the road trip : plenty of beds , bathroom , kitchenette , refrigerator , stove , oven and microwave . And it 's hard to miss the big bottle of ketchup on the counter . Outside the front passenger door , a sign reads "  Afghan Orphanage Children 's Tour of America " with a photo of the children . That 's spurred many impromptu meetings and kindness from strangers . "  So many people have stopped us , to say hi and to meet the kids , " says Pounds . And when someone at the Boston rental company found out what the RV was for , Pounds says , she gave the group a discount despite the almost 10,000 miles they expect to put on the vehicle . Pounds is chronicling the experience in blog posts at the AFCECO orphanage site . "  There 's laughter at every turn as these children grow by leaps , and deeply affect the people they meet , " Pounds wrote after one day . The children all have similar stories full of heartache : parents dead from war or illness , or parents no longer able to take care of them because of drug addiciton , extreme poverty or other reasons . But sitting together inside the RV , the children reveal no bitterness or despair , only a determination to succeed . "  We are the future of Afghanistan , " says Maria , who wants to be an engineer one day . "  We want to stay in Afghanistan and help our country , " says Hala , who wants to be a doctor . Lida aims to teach . Also traveling with the kids is Nasrin Sultani , a teacher from the orphanage . She worries about the violence the children have witnessed and continue to see . "  We have troops from all over the world and still no security , " she says . "  Afghans , especially the women , do n't feel safe . " Her biggest wish : "  feeling safe , and women having the same rights as men . " Pounds says one of the best "  sights " so far for the children has been witnessing women 's equality in action . "  I think most notable is the freedom of girls and women to be in a position ... to be equal to men . That 's very outstanding to them . " The older girls say their sources of inspiration are not pop stars but rather the late Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and Myanmar democracy advocate Aung San Suu Kyi . So the journey continues , until their flight back to Kabul in March , just in time for Afghanistan 's New Year celebrations , called "  Noruz . " "  I hope by seeing America , these children work even harder for peace and stability in our own country , " says Nasrin . And as they learn about all things American , they hope Americans come away with a deeper understanding of their world .	A group of kids from an Afghanistan orphanage have begun a U.S. road trip The 10-week visit to the U.S. is part fund-raising , part awareness building Their teacher hopes it helps the children work harder for peace in their own country
CNN  -- As Germany 's switchover from nuclear power to renewable energy gathers pace , concerns are mounting over the cost to the country 's prosperity and its already squeezed consumers . Politicians in Europe 's largest economy want renewable power to contribute 35 % of the country 's electricity consumption by 2020 and 80 % by 2050 as part of its clean energy drive . The country 's "  energiewende " -- translated as energy transformation -- is part of the government 's plan to move away from nuclear power and fossil fuels to renewable energy sources , following Japan 's Fukushima disaster in 2011 . Michael Limburg , vice-president of the European Institute for Climate and Energy , told CNN that the government 's energy targets are "  completely unfeasible . " "  Of course , it 's possible to erect tens of thousands of windmills but only at an extreme cost and waste of natural space , " he said . "  And still it would not be able to deliver electricity when it is needed . " The government is investing heavily in onshore and offshore wind farms and solar technology in an effort to reduce 40 % of greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 . Last year Chancellor Angela Merkel , who this week won her third term as Germany 's leader , proposed to construct offshore wind farms in the North Sea , a plan that would cost 200 billion euros  $ 270 billion  , according to the DIW economic institute in Berlin . As part of the energy drive , Merkel also pledged to permanently shut down the country 's 17 nuclear reactors , which fuel 18 % of the country 's power needs . Under Germany 's Atomic Energy Act , the last nuclear power plant will be disconnected by 2022 . Limburg told CNN the rapid transition to renewables is economically "  insane , " arguing that wind farms will cost at least 13 times more than traditional coal plants . He added : "  Offshore wind is somewhat better in performance , cost and usability but still you have to spend six times as much as what you have to spend for a conventional power plant . " Paying the cost of renewable energy Germans are already facing some of the highest energy bills in Europe . According to the Institute for Energy Research , this year German electricity rates will increase by over 10 % due to a surcharge for using more renewable energy and a further 30 to 50 % price increase is expected in the next ten years . Blackouts are another problem facing Germany 's energy industry . With the bulk of wind turbines located in the east of the country , regional electricity grids face the threat of overloading , while the reliability of regular wind and solar power in northern Europe is also a concern . Claudia Kemfert , professor of energy economics at the German Institute for Economic Research , told CNN Germany 's continued use of coal and fossil fuels to power its industrial hubs is making investors nervous . She said : "  Politicians give the wrong signals . They say ` well , on the one hand , we would like to have the energy transition , on the other hand ... ' what they do or what they propose is the opposite . " But Kemfert added that Germany is not in danger of an energy crisis and that a boom in renewables will have long term economic advantages . She said : "  North  Sea  wind farms can provide 25 % of electricity production . Onshore wind could produce a higher share . Offshore wind energy is important for North Germany as already a lot of jobs have been created . " Germany is one of six European countries to invest in wind farms including the UK , Denmark , Sweden , the Netherlands and Belgium . And Stefan Bourgeois , head of regulatory affairs at the European Wind Energy Association , told CNN the sooner the continent moves away from "  dirty fuels , " such as coal , the better . He said : "  The costs of offshore are ahead of us , that is true ... but the quicker everyone goes offshore the quicker the economies of scale and the costs come down . "	German Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged to permanently shut down the country 's 17 nuclear reactors by 2022 The government is investing heavily in wind farms and solar technology to reduce carbon emissions Renewable power to contribute 35 % of the country 's electricity consumption by 2020 and 80 % by 2050
CNN  -- On Sunday evening , as I was diligently not watching the Super Bowl , the e-mails started arriving : Had I seen that Chrysler commercial of Bob Dylan 's ? Was n't it ridiculous , Dylan selling out to an Italian-owned car company in the most expensive television ad buy of the year ? Because I 've written about Dylan as well as for his official website , friends and occasional strangers contact me from time to time furious about his latest corrupt outrage , proclaiming he has finally destroyed whatever shred of integrity he had left . I heard it in 2011 , when Dylan supposedly sold out by performing a concert in repressive China . I had heard it four years earlier , when he appeared in his first car ad for Cadillac , which just happened to be sponsoring a satellite radio show he was hosting at the time . I heard it three years before when he turned up in his cowboy troubadour duds wandering around a beautiful scantily clad model in a Victoria 's Secret ad . To borrow one of the late Pete Seeger 's lyrics : When will they ever learn ? Dylan has been accused of selling out for 50 years , beginning in 1962 when he signed a recording contract with a big-time label , Columbia Records . Two years later , the left-wing commissars of the folk revival denounced him for writing inward-looking emotional songs instead of "  protest " anthems . Soon thereafter came the rage at his writing for and playing with electric blues and rock musicians , a supposed betrayal of folk purity . And so it has continued , from the sellouts of his going country on "  Nashville Skyline " and later , writing gospel music , to today 's shilling for soft-core porn lingerie and poisonous gas guzzlers . Always , the sanctimonious detractors cling to a bygone Dylan : a skinny , tousled-haired genius in a work shirt singing "  Blowin ' in the Wind " and "  The Times They Are a-Changin . " This , supposedly , is the true Dylan that the actual man has desecrated . In fact , the profane actual Dylan is worse than corrupt : He is the vile betrayer of a revolution in consciousness of which he had once been the avatar . But Dylan renounced that role 50 years ago . Choosing art over politics , he broke free of the moral absolutism of "  protest " music that he mocked in "  My Back Pages " in 1964 : "  Ah , but I was so much older then/I 'm younger than that now . " He rejected the idea of his being the avatar of anything , let alone of a revolution in consciousness . "  It 's never been my duty to remake the world at large , " he sang in "  Wedding Song , " from 1973 , "  nor is it my intention to sound a battle charge . " And so I started to write back to my complaining friends to say that they had totally missed what Dylan has been about for decades -- not a moral or spiritual guide , let alone an exemplar , or a prophet , or a savior , but a working songwriter and musician , doing his job as best he can -- which , astonishingly often , turns out to be sublime -- and making the money he deserves . Then I watched the commercial on YouTube and saw that my riposte was inadequate . For Dylan , breaking free of the folkie left and choosing art over politics never meant renouncing political concerns or themes , any more than turning to rock meant repudiating folk music . Any conception of art as broad as Dylan 's necessarily includes politics , as politics is part of the human endeavor . And the Chrysler ad , while captivating us with Dylan 's very presence , contains a political subtext . Although the ad is dopey as all ads are , and even though it is plainly hawking Chrysler , Dylan never once hypes the virtues of Chrysler 's product over that of any other automobile maker . This may be a cunningly subtle pitch to Dylan 's baby boomer fan base , but it 's also an abnormal nonspecific celebrity endorsement . Instead , Dylan celebrates America as a car-loving country . The ad begins with a clunky , even insipid piece of ad copy -- "  There 's nothing more American than America " -- only barely redeemed by being spoken by Dylan 's singular voice . But then comes a jumble of images out of Dylan 's familiar Americana landscape -- old-fashioned diners , Route 66 in Missouri , bronco busters , carnivals , Marilyn Monroe -- evoking a particular nostalgic national mystique , rooted in the 1940s and 1950s and redolent of Jack Kerouac . Footage of old Detroit follows -- "  Yeah ... , " Dylan says , "  Detroit made cars , and cars made America " -- and then a paean , in prose almost certainly written by Dylan himself , to "  the American road and the creatures who live on it " and to how we Americans "  believe in the zoom and the roar and the thrust . " The ad is saying that America is what its people make and make of it , cars above all , which makes sense -- and which also makes it a workingman 's film : The ad does n't single out Chrysler and its cars but the Americans who build those cars , and their conviction and pride -- "  the heart and soul of every man and woman working on the line , " Dylan intones . "  So let Germany brew your beer , let Switzerland make your watch , let Asia assemble your phone . We ... will build ... your car " -- the last sentence delivered in Dylan 's cool halting cadence . It 's all , of course , a cleverly deceptive way to elide the fact that supposedly all-American Chrysler is now owned by Fiat . But the cars are still American-made -- and for Dylan , that 's important . In one of his early protest songs , "  North Country Blues , " Dylan sang of the mines of his native Minnesota Iron Range being shut down and people left in despair , because for the greedy owners it was "  much cheaper down / in South American towns/where the miners work almost for nothing . " Twenty years later , in "  Union Sundown , " he bitterly lamented what had now become known as outsourcing , including American cars being assembled in Argentina "  by a guy making 30 cents a day . " "  Workingman 's Blues # 2 , " from 2006 , complained of how "  they say low wages are a reality/if we want to compete abroad . " Pro-labor protectionism does not spring to mind as one of the great causes of the 1960s . But for Bob Dylan , a product of the 1940s and 1950s , one article of simple justice has always been that American working people , so vital to his vanishing American landscape , ought not to be victimized by bosses who will happily exploit the pauper labor of the rest of the world . Apparently , Dylan is sold on the idea that , in Detroit anyway , that injustice has been halted and even reversed . And that , he wants us to know , is a good reason , and maybe the best , to buy one of Chrysler 's cars . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sean Wilentz .	Sean Wilentz : People outraged by Bob Dylan 's Chrysler ad , saying he has no credibility Wilentz : But Dylan accused of selling out for 50 years , for musical changes and ads He says everybody wants the skinny genius in a work shirt singing "  Blowin ' in the Wind " Wilentz : Dylan 's promoted American workers for years , and that 's what his ad does
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- African governments have stopped importing Chinese dairy products as the crisis which has seen more than 52,000 Chinese children poisoned by melamine-tainted goods spreads . Burundi , Gabon and Tanzania have joined governments closer to China -- including Indonesia , Taiwan , Japan , Singapore and Malaysia -- in banning Chinese dairy products . At least 11 countries have banned imports . The precautions come as the number of affected children in China continues to swell . Four babies have died from melamine-tainted infant formula and more than 52,000 children have fallen ill , Chinese authorities say . "  I think we will see more cases , but it is , of course , impossible to predict how many cases there finally will be , " said Hans Troedsson , the the World Health Organization 's China representative . "  We have to remember that China is a large country with a population of 1.3 billion people . However , of course , 40 - to 50,000 children are affected as reported now . It 's a staggering figure , but where we will end up is too early yet to say . " On Monday , China 's top quality control official , Li Changjiang , resigned as a result of the scandal , which has seen the arrest of at least 18 people . Two brothers arrested last week on charges of selling contaminated milk could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . The raw milk used to produce powdered baby formula had been watered down and the chemical melamine was added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal " Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visited Beijing hospitals and a supermarket to show his concern . China 's Health Ministry said about 13,000 children were hospitalized , while another 40,000 had undergone outpatient treatment . "  What we need to do now is to ensure that nothing like this happens in the future , not only in dairy products , but in all foods , " he said . "  Manufacturers and owners of dairy companies should show more morality and social responsibility in these cases . They are heartless , so we have to create strict law and legislation . I 'm sorry . " Watch how Beijing is under pressure over public safety " The repercussions from the scandal were felt as far away as Africa . Burundi imports milk products from two suspect Chinese companies and the government has set up a commission to investigate how much tainted product could remain on store shelves , officials said . "  For the moment , nobody knows if the milk is being sold on the Burundi market , " Noel Nkurunziza , president of a Burundi consumer association known as ABUCO , is quoted as saying in The Guardian newspaper and other publications . In Asia , Singapore announced a recall of all Chinese milk products on Tuesday . The head of Indonesia 's Food Safety Watch said she was instituting a temporary ban of all milk imports from China , although contaminated milk has not been found in the country . In issuing its recall of milk products , Singapore had already suspended the import and sale of milk and dairy products from China on Friday , after it said it has found traces of melamine in three Chinese-made dairy products . The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority said "  White Rabbit Creamy Candy " was ordered off of shelves after tests showed it was contaminated . White Rabbit is among the best-known candy brands in China and one of the few exported widely . The United States is among 40 nations that import the candy , a man in the administrative office of the Shanghai-based company told CNN Monday . Earlier , Singapore 's agri-food agency said it found melamine in two other milk-based Chinese imports : the Yili brand "  Choice Dairy Fruit Bar Yoghurt Flavored Ice Confection " and the Dutch Lady brand of strawberry-flavored milk . In Bangladesh , three Chinese powdered milk brands -- Sanlu , Suncare and Yashili -- have been taken off shelves and all milk powder imports at Bangladeshi ports will be inspected . Bangladeshi TV showed the country 's Rapid Action Battalion climbing over a fence to raid a storage facility believed to contain tainted milk . In Malaysia , Health Minister Datuk Liow Tiong Lai announced that import of Chinese milk products had been stopped . In addition to banning imports , thousands of tons of tainted milk powder have been recalled . In the Philippines Monday , the country 's Bureau of Food and Drugs banned the distribution and selling of two brands of imported Chinese milk that could possibly be tainted , the Philippines News Agency reported . The milk brands were Yili and China Mengniu Diary Company , the agency reported . One of the implicated Chinese plants is operated by a subsidiary of the Marudai Food Co. in Japan . Marudai said it was recalling five types of products from the plant , would halt operations there for one month , and will send employees to the subsidiary to examine quality controls . The factory will be shut down through October 19 . Even some countries that do n't import Chinese dairy products , such as Malaysia and Brunei , have banned milk products from China . In Hong Kong , concerned parents have swamped hospitals . A 3-year-old Hong Kong girl was reported this weekend as the first case outside of mainland China . The girl was treated for kidney stones at Princess Margaret Hospital and released , Hong Kong 's government Web site reported . Her condition is being monitored . Watch the public outcry faced by the Chinese government " A second child , a 4-year-old boy , had similar renal symptoms , the government reported Monday . The boy , a Hong Kong native , had consumed milk products contaminated with melamine and was diagnosed with a kidney stone in mainland China , the Department of Health said . He was treated at Princess Margaret on Monday and was in stable condition . The hospital said Monday it has provided medical consultation to 63 people who might have consumed contaminated milk products . The patients , 34 males and 29 females , ranged in age from 2 months to 17 years old . A Hong Kong government hotline has received nearly 1,000 calls . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants have added it to milk products to make it seem to have a higher protein level . Learn more about the chemical melamine " Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition .	NEW : Burundi , Gabon , Tanzania ban import of suspect milk products from China NEW : Singapore , Taiwan , Bangladesh , Malaysia , Indonesia , Brunei impose bans Head of China 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal Four infants in China dead , over 52,000 reported ill from tainted milk powder
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has laid out his battle plan to counter the threat posed by Islamist extremists returning to Britain after fighting with terror groups overseas . But already there are questions about how effective those measures would be , whether they are legal and whether Cameron , who heads a coalition government , can push them through Parliament . "  Dealing with this terrorist threat is not just about new powers , it is also about how we combat extremism in all its forms , " he said as he announced his plans Monday . His proposals , which come after the UK government raised its terror threat level Friday from "  substantial " to "  severe , " include a radical new measure to ban Britons from coming home once they join jihadi ranks abroad . "  What we need is a targeted , discretionary power to allow us to exclude British nationals from the UK , " he said . Cameron wants to confiscate passports from would-be fighters , before they travel , and ban other suspects from boarding planes . "  Passports are not an automatic right , " he said . "  We will introduce specific and targeted legislation to fill this gap by providing the police with a temporary power to seize a passport at the border , during which time they will be able to investigate the individual concerned . "  This power will include appropriate safeguards and oversight arrangements . " Work to prepare legislation to allow this will begin immediately , Cameron said . Civil liberties issue As well as stopping would-be jihadists , Cameron said Britain needed measures to prevent the return of foreign fighters . UK authorities estimate that 500 Britons have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamist groups . But opposition lawmakers question whether some of the toughest plans are legal . "  We very much want to see the detail of that because some of our MPs say to do that would breach a whole number of legal and international obligations this country has , " said Diana Johnson , a Labour lawmaker and shadow Home Office minister for security and crime . She backs tough action but insists there must be a balance . "  I can categorically say that civil liberties is a big issue in any debate we have about any new powers . " The head of Britain 's counter-terrorism efforts , Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley , said in a statement Tuesday that in response to the raised alert level , more police would be seen on the streets and that there would be an increase in vehicle searches and other security measures . Secret evidence Pledges to safeguard citizens ' rights ring hollow to British Muslim-convert Cerie Bullivant . In 2006 , he was detained by British security agents under anti-terror laws . He told CNN he was headed to Syria to volunteer helping orphans . The Syrian civil war had n't started , and ISIS did n't yet exist . "  Suddenly you go on the basis of secret evidence from being an ordinary member of the public to the worst of the worst , " said Bullivant . "  Terrorism and terrorists are some of the most heinous and horrible of people . I did n't even know what I was accused of . " He believes he came under suspicion because he had unwittingly , he says , become friends with the brother of a jailed terrorist . Bullivant was never arrested , never convicted of a crime , nor told what evidence security services had against him . The British government imposed a "  control order " on him , banning him from traveling or meeting friends and subjecting him to a curfew . "  A couple of times a week the police would come and you ca n't stop them and they would search your house , " he added . Two years later , a top court exonerated him . Bullivant : Bring suspects to trial As part of his new anti-terror drive , Cameron proposes beefing up existing terrorism prevention and investigation measures , or TPIMs , which allow restrictions on terror suspects , including overnight residence at a specified address , GPS tagging , reporting requirements , and restrictions on travel , movement , association , communication , finances , work and study . Cameron said he would introduce legislation giving British authorities new powers that would strengthen their ability to track suspected supporters of ISIS , by providing "  enhanced use of exclusion zones " or "  relocation powers . " But Bullivant opposes that approach . "  If somebody is a danger to the British public , then they need to be in a British prison , " he said . "  The only way to do that is to bring charges and a trial in an open and fair court . If they 're not a dangerous person , then you 're oppressing them for no reason . " Far from defending against radical Islam , Bullivant fears tougher government powers risk turning Britain into a police state . Analyst : UK threat is greater Officials in the United States say there are no plans to issue a terror alert there , despite the activities of ISIS , also known as the "  Islamic State " or ISIL , in Iraq and Syria . "  The most detailed intelligence assessment that I can offer from here is that there is no evidence or indication right now that ISIL is actively plotting to attack the United States homeland , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson also pointed out there is no specific threat against the United States . That said , Johnson noted that ISIS has proved to be a threat to Americans overseas -- notably the execution of American journalist James Foley and the threats of more killings to follow . Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst , said , "  The threat is much greater in the UK , and that 's why you are seeing a raft of new measures in the UK to try and tackle this problem . They are very , very worried that ISIS may try and retaliate in some form or way . " UK PM : Police need power to seize passports of would-be jihad suspects Opportunity for al Qaeda ? While the world 's attention is focused on ISIS , a suspected U.S. drone strike against senior leaders of Al-Shabaab in southern Somalia on Monday has highlighted continuing concern about extremists elsewhere . Will Geddes , a security analyst and managing director of International Corporate Protection , told CNN that the merging and consolidation of different Islamist militant groups around the world were of big concern . "  You will have various groups working together , sharing resources , sharing capability , and in this particular region , it 's important to try to dismantle it where possible , " he said . Somalia 's porous borders mean it presents a particular risk , he added . Daveed Gartenstein-Ross , a senior fellow at the Washington-based Foundation for Defense of Democracies , said it would be "  a mistake to take our eye off the ball when it comes it al Qaeda " and warned that the rise of ISIS could aid the terror network . Before his death , Osama bin Laden wanted to rebrand al Qaeda , Gartenstein-Ross said . "  He believed that its brand had been very much diminished by the excesses of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who had led al Qaeda in Iraq , which became ISIS later on , " he said . "  With ISIS 's rise , it gives al Qaeda a prime opportunity to rebrand itself as being a more rational , more moderate voice of jihadism , and as a result I think there 's a lot of risks of more money channeling into the al Qaeda network . " Some will come from quite moderate countries in the region who are looking at whether or not al Qaeda and some of its offshoots , such as al-Nusra Front in Syria , could be viewed as a counterweight to ISIS , Gartenstein-Ross said . "  It will be seen , I think , as a real problem for us in the longer term , " he added .	British PM David Cameron announces proposals to counter extremist threats He wants powers to ban Britons from returning once they join jihadi ranks abroad Cameron proposes confiscating passports from would-be fighters before they travel Britain hiked its threat to the second-highest level Friday , citing events in Iraq and Syria
CNN  -- Jazz has always been a popular form of music because its improvisatory nature is easily adapted by a community or nation to reflect its individual identity . Polish policemen watch a demonstration near the University in Warsaw in December 1981 . In Poland , jazz has been intertwined with its politics and through it , has gained its own particular identity and recognition , as has Poland as a nation . The First World War marked a turning point in Polish history . After 300 years of divided rule under Prussia , Austria and Russia , Poland became an independent democratic republic lasting until the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939 . The end of the First World War also marked the spread through Europe of American jazz . According to polishjazz.com , the first Polish jazz band was started in 1923 by Zygmunt Karasinski and Symon Kataszek , calling itself simply Karasinski & Kataszek Jazz-Tango Orchestra . It was an almost immediate success , playing in popular Warsaw venues of the time . Other popular dance bands established themselves during the 1920s and the first jazz recordings were being recorded by Polish record label Syrena Records . With the rise of the Nazis and accompanying anti-semitism under Adolf Hitler in neighboring Germany , Jewish musicians such as Ady Rosner and Erwin Woheller came to Poland , enriching the Polish jazz scene with their talent . Rosner became the best and most popular jazz musician , who later on in his life became a driving force of Soviet jazz . Throughout the 1930s , the music of American jazz artists such as Duke Ellington was widely available and popular , as were the first music magazines from London , Paris and America . This flourishing scene came to an abrupt end with the invasion and occupation of Poland by the German Army . The end of the war saw Poland being occupied yet again , this time by the Soviet Red Army . Poland , now called People 's Republic of Poland , became a Soviet-controlled puppet state . Music fell under Soviet control too and jazz , with its syncopated rhythms and free style , did not fall into the prescribed mould . In Stalinist Poland , jazz was banned and went on to develop its own style underground . During the first half of the 1950s , the death of Joseph Stalin and Wladyslaw Gomulka 's appointment as First Secretary in the Polish regime had a more liberalizing effect on the country . Jazz was out in the open once more ; being listened to , talked about and played without fear . The first jazz magazine behind the Iron Curtain was published ; official jazz clubs were created and the Polish Jazz Federation was started by Jan Byrczek in 1964 . Byrczek went on to found the Polish Jazz Society which became one of the largest jazz organisations of Europe . The 50s also saw the first official jazz festival taking place in Sopot beginning a tradition of jazz festivals in Poland that lasts to this day . Initial hopes that Gomulka 's reforms would move towards democratisation were dashed but despite political obstacles , Poland 's cultural and intellectual life continued to grow and flourish during the following decade . Jazz was being featured in TV programmes ; jazz critique was growing as were jazz festivals . In 1964 , the Jazz at the Oder River festival in Wroclaw started . Another milestone of the decade was the start of the recording of "  The Polish Jazz Series " by the official recording label Polskie Nagrania-Muza . It continued doing so until well into the Eighties , later re-releasing all the volumes in CD format . During the 1970s , Edward Gierek replaced Gomulka as First Party Secretary . He , being on a more friendly footing with Western neighbors than his predecessors , received loans and with them , the slow trickle of Western goods  notably Coca Cola  and TV shows into Poland . The government 's pro-Western stance also allowed Polish culture to reach out to the West . The leading Polish jazz magazine Jazz Forum was being published in Polish , English and German and distributed in 103 countries . Trumpeter Tomasz Stanko came to the fore during this period , receiving the first European Jazz Award in 2002 as one or Europe 's most outstanding jazz musicians . Towards the end of the 70s , Gierek 's political career came to a close after a wave of labor strikes resulting from his policies . It was in this turbulent time that the independent trade union , the Solidarity Movement , was started in the Gdansk shipyards by Lech Walesa . Solidarity 's growing strength led General Jaruzelski to declare martial law in December 1981 . However Mikhail Gorbachev 's reforms in Soviet Russia ; pressure from Polish Pope John Paul II and Western leaders forced the Communists to the negotiating table . This led to Solidarity 's participation in semi-free elections 1989 resulting in a coalition government . Walesa became President of Poland until 1995 . The political events were reflected in the jazz scene . The early 80s brought the "  Young Power " movement lead by Krzysztof Popek . According to allaboutjazz.com , musician Cezary Lerski described his movement as being "  verbally critical and musically adventurous , " revolutionzing Polish jazz . Popek is still a driving force of Polish Jazz today . One of the purely Polish streams of jazz are the interpretations of the music of Polish composer Frederic Chopin started by pianist Andrzej Jagodzinski . Reflecting the new freedom brought by democratisation another important band came to the fore at the beginning of the 90s . This was "  Milosc , " playing free jazz , going so far as to describe its form of jazz as "  yass " thereby creating a new stream or genre in Polish jazz . But it too followed the path of the Young Power Movement by becoming more mainstream . Current jazz reflects the diversity that democratic and economic freedom have brought Poland . A multiplicity of small jazz clubs have sprung up throughout the country as have a number of jazz festivals and independent record labels . Lersky writes that Polish jazz is " mature , vibrant and evolving " -- a reflection of the politics of the day ?	History of Polish jazz has been intertwined with its politics Born in democracy ; banned by Communists ; now evolving in new democracy Jazz is a popular , individual genre characterised by improvisation
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden recently confided a sensational bit of news to the New Yorker magazine : In a 2011 meeting with Vladimir Putin , he had actually told Russia 's then-prime minister that he had no "  soul . " Even more remarkable was Putin 's response . "  And he looked back at me , and he smiled , and he said , ` We understand one another . ' " Many people -- in Ukraine , Europe , America and even Russia -- probably share Biden and Putin 's estimation of the Russian president 's spiritual condition . In saying Putin has no soul , it means he seems to lack both the capacity to feel emotions and to show empathy . Russia 's leader certainly has a long record of inhumanity . He was an agent of the Soviet secret police , a criminal institution with a record that goes back to the purges of Stalin , a record more bloody than that of the Nazi SS . John Dunlop of Stanford 's Hoover Institution wrote in "  The Moscow Bombings " that there is strong evidence to suggest that Putin was in on the plot to bomb two apartment buildings in Moscow in September 1999 , in which 300 Russian citizens were killed and several hundred others were wounded . He says the bombings were blamed on Chechen rebels as a pretext to invade Chechnya . Putin has funded , promoted , supplied and aided and abetted the Russian and pro-Russian terrorists in eastern Ukraine . And by invading Crimea , he created the conditions of war , hatred and fanaticism that led to the destruction of 298 innocent lives aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on that day of infamy , July 17 . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? Is Putin evil ? His actions certainly are , if by evil we understand behavior that willfully , consciously and purposely destroys human life . Perhaps we can call his actions undeniably evil and Putin himself "  evil enough . " Evil enough for what ? Evil enough for condemnation by people of good will . How rebels in Ukraine built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies If Putin is "  evil enough , " what are the implications for policy-makers ? First , they should openly state that they condemn Putin 's behavior . Because silence implies approval , policy-makers must understand that their moral standing , like that of the countries they represent , is on the line . Evil is indivisible . If they refuse to condemn this instance , they effectively surrender the right to condemn any instance of evil . Second , they should refuse to shake his hand , engage in chitchat , attend photo ops with him and in any way create the impression that they accept his behavior as a socially acceptable . German Chancellor Angela Merkel would not hobnob with a German neo-Nazi ; President Barack Obama would not have drinks with the head of the Ku Klux Klan . By extension , neither of them should hobnob with Putin at World Cup soccer games . Third , policy-makers should avoid doing anything that aids and abets Putin 's proclivities . Since those proclivities largely rest on his ability to employ armaments to cause death , any form of assistance to Putin 's war machine or repressive apparatus is the moral equivalent of supplying barbed wire and bullets to Auschwitz . Two examples will illustrate this point . The Dusseldorf-based German defense company Rheinmetall is manifestly abetting Putin 's evildoing by continuing to insist that it has "  to meet its contractual obligations with Moscow and finalize a combat simulation center where up to 30,000 soldiers could be trained annually . " Since Rheinmetall signed the contract with Russia in 2011 , when Putin 's record was already on full display to the world , it can not claim ignorance of Putin 's evil intentions . France 's continued determination to supply the Putin war machine with two Mistral-class assault ships is no less of a moral outrage . As Robert C. O'Brien , a former U.S. representative to the United Nations , argues , "  With the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight No. 17 , it should now be clear to all observers that Russia is fully intent on subjugating and intimidating its former Soviet constituent states and Warsaw Pact allies , and will do so with the most advanced weapons in its inventory . "  There is no reason to believe that the Mistral-class warships , once in the Russian Navy , will not also be used in the Black Sea , Baltic and Pacific to further increase the pressure on Russia 's neighbors . Given its recent history , Moscow should not be handed another military tool of the Mistral-class magnitude . " This does not mean that morally concerned policy makers should refrain from talking to him entirely . As professor Walter Clemens , an associate of Harvard 's Davis Center , argues in a fascinating paper , "  Can -- Should -- Must We Negotiate with Evil ? " : "  If a cruel dictatorship is willing to negotiate security arrangements likely to limit arms competition and make war less likely , democratic governments should engage and seek verifiable arrangements . " So , yes , according to this logic , talk to Putin about making "  war less likely " in eastern Ukraine and talk to him about limiting "  arms competition . " Otherwise , shun him and everything he stands for . Opinion : Are the pro-Russian rebels terrorists ? Such countries as France and Germany , which have extensive economic relations with Russia , face a difficult moral choice . They must ask themselves whether Putin is evil or evil enough . If they decide his killing spree in eastern Ukraine is neither evil nor evil enough , they must explain -- to themselves and to the rest of the world -- just why they believe the destruction of Ukrainian , Russian , Malaysian , Dutch and other lives is not a form of evil behavior . If , alternatively , Putin 's behavior strikes them as evil , they must either act on that conviction , in the manner suggested above , or explain to themselves and the rest of the world just why their enhancing Putin 's war-making proclivities is not wrong . Pentagon : Russia getting ready to send more powerful weapons into Ukraine Ultimately , France and Germany , as well as all countries that aid and abet Russia 's destructive capabilities , have to decide whether they care more about values or about money . Dictatorships can answer that question easily : Their leaders are indifferent to values . Prosperous capitalist democracies , and especially prosperous capitalist democracies that are part of a self-styled community of values called the European Union , can not take the easy way out and pretend values do not matter . In the final analysis , the willingness of France , Germany and all the other states making up the European Union to respond to Putin 's evil doing will determine the moral fate of the EU . If they sacrifice morality to arms contracts or gas , the EU will have lost its rasion d'etre . Worse , like Putin , it will be without a soul .	Alexander Motyl says Putin has promoted , supplied Russian and pro-Russian terrorists Motyl : Putin was member of brutal secret police and behind invasions in Georgia , Ukraine He is evil enough for all to condemn , Motyl says ; countries ' silence implies approval Motyl : France , Germany must end economic ties with Russia ; EU must take a moral stand
CNN  -- A suspect has been arrested in the 1990 abduction and attempted murder of an 8-year-old Texas girl , a spokeswoman for the FBI 's Houston , Texas , office said . Jennifer Schuett speaks at a news conference , urging other victims of violent crime to use their voices . The victim , Jennifer Schuett , is now 27 . She recently shared her story with CNN in hopes of someday bringing her attacker to justice . Schuett fought tears as she spoke at a news conference in Dickinson , Texas . "  This event in my life was a tragic one , " she said . "  But today , 19 years later , I stand here and want you all to know that I am OK . I am not a victim , but instead , victorious . " Watch Schuett 's teary remarks " She continued , "  I hope that my case will remain as a reminder to all victims of violent crime to never give up hope ... With determination and by using your voice to speak out , you are capable of anything . " Dennis Earl Bradford , a 40-year-old welder , was arrested at 6:50 a.m. Tuesday in Little Rock , Arkansas , authorities said . He was on his way to work , and his wife was in the car with him . DNA and other forensic testing led to him , authorities said . His DNA profile was in the FBI database due to a 1996 arrest in Arkansas . Watch police announce the arrest " Schuett was abducted from her bedroom , raped and left for dead August 10,1990 . She spoke with CNN two weeks ago . CNN normally does not identify victims of sexual assaults . But Schuett decided to go public with her story -- and her name -- to increase the chances of finding and prosecuting her attacker . "  It 's not about me anymore , " she told CNN in September . "  It 's about all the little girls that go to sleep at night . I know there are so many girls out there who have been raped and hurt . You have to fight back . " "  I remember everything ; I 've always wanted to remember everything so I can find the person that did this , " Schuett said . "  If I had blocked this out of my memory , the investigation would n't have come this far . I 'm a fighter . " Schuett says she was alone in her bed when a man crept in through a window . She remembers waking up in a stranger 's arms as he carried her across a dark parking lot . She said he told her he was an undercover cop and knew her family . He drove her through the streets of Dickinson , Texas , pulling into a mechanic 's shop next to her elementary school . "  Watch the moon . The moon will change colors , and that is when your mom will come to get you , " she recalled him saying . "  Oh , it looks like she is not coming . " Schuett said he drove her to an overgrown field next to the school and sexually assaulted her . She passed out . When she regained consciousness , she was lying naked on top of an ant hill with her throat slashed from ear to ear , and her voice box torn . She was found at 6 p.m. on a hot August day after lying in the field for nearly 12 hours . She was rushed to a hospital in critical condition . "  Three days after the attack , I started giving a description . The doctors told me I would never be able to talk again , but I proved them all wrong , " Schuett said . She believes she got her voice back so she could tell her story . Houston FBI Special Agent Richard Rennison is one of the lead investigators in the case , along with Dickinson police Detective Tim Cromie . Read the affidavit Both men were discussing the case when Rennison received a memo from the FBI 's Child Abduction Rapid Deployment  CARD  team seeking child abduction cases that had gone cold and could be retested for DNA evidence . Schuett 's was one of the cases selected . Rennison , who has 10 years of experience in child abduction cases , said he has never seen a case like Schuett 's . "  This is the only one that I can think of that the victim has suffered some traumatic injuries and survived , " he said , "  The main reason the CARD team picked this case was because she was alive . In cases of child abduction , it is rare that the child is recovered alive . Frequently , you recover a body . And most times , you never find them . " The investigators found evidence collected 19 years ago , which was retested . It included the underwear and pajamas Schuett was wearing , as well as a man 's underwear and T-shirt , which were found in the field where Schuett was left for dead . The clothes were tested in 1990 , but the sample was n't large enough for conclusive results . But now , modern techniques allow DNA to be isolated from a single human cell . They were still awaiting the results when CNN featured Schuett 's story in late September .	Welder Dennis Earl Bradford , 40 , arrested in Little Rock , Arkansas Jennifer Schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and attacked at age 8 Her throat was slashed , and she was left for dead Advanced DNA tests provided a break in the case ; DNA was in clothing
CNN  Game changer . A much-used -- and thus often misused -- moniker that anoints the something or someone that greets the status quo with a seismic blow so great that the game is placed on a new , irreversible trajectory . The internal combustion engine , for example , was a game changer . Electricity , Eleanor Roosevelt and Nike were game changers . And longtime ESPN anchor Stuart Scott was also a game changer . If you find that proclamation a bit hyperbolic , it 's only because you either did n't know or have forgotten how sports anchoring sounded before Scott 's arrival at ESPN in 1993 . Howard Cosell brought personality to the field . Lesley Visser , Bryant Gumbel and others smashed glass ceilings . Keith Olbermann and Dan Patrick brought jovial irreverence . But it was Scott who looked at the profession and doused it with hot sauce . As hip-hop was shoehorning its way into mainstream , Scott -- with his "  Fresh Prince of Bel Air " fade and urban vernacular -- was one of its leading ambassadors . Though he was so much more than a young black sports anchor at the right time at the right place . He was a workhorse , a personable interviewer and a nimble reporter . The creative insight wrapped around one of his popular catchphrases , "  as cool as the other side of the pillow , " showed he was a talent who did n't sacrifice journalistic integrity just to bring barbershop talk to television . His humorous flashes of black Americana did n't appeal to everyone and his critics were not shy about sending him letters to let him know . But for those of us who longed for a soundtrack to accompany the soul of the new generation of black athletes who were redefining how big-time sports were played , Scott was a welcomed and masterful composer . And the music he made was a sound that today is repeatedly mimicked . Sometimes by earnest youngsters who have no idea who dared to change the game , like someone 's classic hip-hop playlist without the Sugarhill Gang . My friends and I watched Scott in college at night and would use his catchphrases -- such as "  booyah " -- to trash-talk each other on the court the next day . When I was offered a job at ESPN 10 years ago , meeting Scott was one of my top priorities on my list . And when I finally did get to introduce myself , I was so nervous , I tripped over my own name . This was before his first cancer diagnosis in 2007 . Our first meeting was brief but his advice was long lasting : Do your homework and be yourself . Each time I saw Scott after that , he did n't just greet me with a smile , he met me with infectious joy . This , even after the cancer had returned . "  When you die , it does not mean that you lose to cancer , " he said at the ESPY 's last July . "  You beat cancer by how you live , why you live , and in the manner in which you live . " There are not many of us who have not been intimately touched by this terrible disease . Some have lost mothers , sisters , daughters . Others forced to say goodbye to fathers , brothers and sons . We fundraise through local 5Ks , wear yellow , LiveStrong wristbands or find something pink to wear in October , all to let cancer know it will not win . I was not a close friend of Scott 's , but I can tell you whenever I spoke with him , he was the embodiment of this spirit . Never pity , always fighting . Perhaps spending 20 years at ESPN encountering some of the greatest champions in the history of sports influenced his approach to his own battle . Maybe his demeanor was just a natural reflection of who he was , considering he played club football at the University of North Carolina and "  game recognizes game " was one of his on-air sayings . Or maybe he knew we were all watching and he never wanted to let us down . The way he knew being one of but a handful of black men on primetime television in the early 1990s , we were all watching . The way he knew young journalists roaming the halls at a National Association of Black Journalists conference were watching . The way he knew aspiring journalists and sports fans everywhere were watching . And listening -- to the songs only he could write . To the music only he dared to play . Like many of my ESPN colleagues , I am deeply saddened by his passing . But there is comfort in knowing each time a sports anchor tries to add a little somethin' - somethin' to their report , we can still hear his voice .	LZ Granderson : Stuart Scott brought the sound of hip-hop to the sports anchoring world A personable interviewer and nimble reporter , Scott fought cancer bravely
Oprah.com  -- Her technique Yulia Brodskaya uses two simple materials -- paper and glue -- to make lush , vibrant , so-three-dimensional-they 're - practically-hallucinogenic "  papergraphics . " Once called quilling , this style of intricate paper filigree is believed to have been used by nuns and monks during the Renaissance to adorn religious objects . Brodskaya 's modern take on the practice has helped her build an impressive list of clients in just a few short years , from Target to HermÃ ¨ s to this magazine  her work served as a motif for O 's tenth anniversary issue  . Oprah.com : 3 questions that will help you find your true calling Her start After earning a master 's degree in graphic design in the UK , Brodskaya abandoned the computer programs she 'd been trained on in favor of a simpler artistic tool : her hands . Trying to drum up work as an illustrator , she created a brochure for prospective clients ; on the front , she used a technique she 'd seen in an old textbook in her native Russia . Oprah.com : What 's holding you back from making your dream come true ? Gluing the edges of thin strips of paper to a page , she wrote her name in big red block letters , filling each with lively strands of white that curled around each other like smoke , or tiny , tangled tree roots . The letters teemed with life , exploding from their borders . Soon Brodskaya had a commission from The Guardian , the British newspaper , to design the cover of its 2008 holiday supplement . "  I 've never been out of work since , " she says . Oprah.com : 8 people who made their dreams a reality Her passion Brodskaya 's studio , in the home she shares outside London with her husband and their infant daughter , is stacked with "  piles of paper , " she says , all arranged by color and cut into strips about one centimeter wide . "  I 'm passionate about what I do , " she says . "  I can happily spend hours gluing and listening to audiobooks "  a recent favorite : The Time Traveler 's Wife  . Oprah.com : How to discover your passion Her international roster of clients keeps her busy , but she 'd eventually like to apply her signature technique to more personal work , not for an ad campaign or magazine but for "  live " viewing in a gallery . "  People have only seen pictures of my illustrations , " she says . "  It would be interesting to see how they react to the actual physical thing . " Oprah.com : 10 more creative women who make beautiful things Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	A Russian-born artist resurrects a centuries-old art form for her delightfully intricate paper illustrations Brodskaya learned the technique from an old Russian textbook While her clients include Target and HermÃ ¨ s Brodskaya hopes to make more personal work in the future
CNN  -- New imagery posted on Google Earth shows evidence Iran continues to build out its nuclear sites , according to a group focused on stopping the spread of nuclear weapons and related technology . The Institute for Science and International Security said Tuesday it had examined updated commercial satellite imagery of Iran and found evidence of slow , but continuing , build-out of nuclear facilities . Iran has a controversial nuclear program . Many world powers say it aspires to building nuclear weapons but the country says it is developing nuclear power for peaceful purposes . The U.N. Security Council has imposed sanctions on Iran in an effort to curb its nuclear program . ISIS says images of the Arak heavy water reactor and heavy water production facility from June 2010 appeared on Google Earth . "  Compared with earlier imagery from November 2009 , also available on Google Earth , there do not appear to be major external changes at either reactor site or the heavy water production facility , " ISIS said . However , it said , "  construction continues inside the buildings " and "  assorted activity at heavily guarded sites along the mountainside to the Arak site " continues . Google Earth in July posted images of the Gchine mine and mill from November 2010 . "  There do not appear to be any new ponds under construction , " ISIS said . But it says the "  waste tailings level can be seen changing . " In August , Google Earth added images of the Ardakan yellowcake production plant from March . "  The facility is being constructed very slowly , with few buildings added each year . Comparing the imagery to a picture from October 2009 , a few more buildings have been constructed , " ISIS said . The institute said "  two large square excavations can be seen , " and "  one or both of them could be for a tailing pond . " Tailings are materials left over after ore is processed . Last month , ISIS and other groups leaked an International Atomic Energy Agency report saying Iran continues to defy U.N. resolutions aimed at curbing its nuclear program and cited "  increasing " concerns it may be developing nuclear weapons . It follows a visit last month by an IAEA official to Iran , at the Middle Eastern nation 's invitation . The report 's author notes some instances in which Iran appears to be working with the international agency , as well as conducting parts of its program as it had said it would . But the report , intended for the IAEA 's director general as well as the U.N. Security Council , also suggests Iran continues to flout U.N. and other resolutions regarding its nuclear program .	Images reveal minor changes at a heavy water reactor , group says The Ardakan plant is being built very slowly , it says A recent IAEA report cited "  increasing " concerns over Iran 's nuclear aspirations
CNN  -- Union workers armed with an estimated 1.5 million signatures converged on Washington on Wednesday , demanding that Congress pass their highest-priority legislation . Union chief Andy Stern wants workers to have another way to organize besides relying on a secret ballot . They are lobbying for the Employee Free Choice Act . The legislation would allow a company 's employees to openly sign a card demanding a union and then , if a majority sign , the company involved would have 90 days to negotiate . The act would also stiffen federal laws that bar employers from intimidating or firing workers who try to bring in a union . But while the battle is just beginning on Capitol Hill , business owners like Dave Bego have been in the center of the fight for some time . Bego , of Indianapolis , Indiana , is the owner of EMS , a company that provides janitors to businesses around the country . The family-owned company has been under fire by one of the nation 's most powerful labor organizations , the Service Employees International Union . The 1.8 million-member SEIU argues that EMS intimidates , harasses and violates the rights of workers wanting to unionize . It has made the company a target of repeated protests for about three years . But Bego said the claims are unfounded , and it 's the union that has harassed him . Watch how company , union are at odds " He said the union has sent his clients threatening letters for using his company , staged noisy protests , confronted employees , blocked building entrances and released balloons in a client 's building to disrupt business . He said his workers do n't want a union , because they make more in pay and benefits without having to pay SEIU 's labor dues . "  We have several hundred people working for us in Indianapolis -LSB- alone -RSB- , " Bego said . "  They 've been after us for almost three years , and they 've got only about 10 or 12 people interested in what they said . If our people really needed protecting , do n't you think they 'd be out in mass droves in the street with the union protesting EMS ? Do you think we 'd still be in business ? I do n't think so . " But union workers CNN talked to said EMS employees are afraid to speak publicly because they might get fired , as Shaneka Brown said she was . She said EMS fired her after she complained about what she said were unsafe conditions . "  We 're not the only ones , " Brown said . "  There are millions of other janitors and millions and millions of other companies that are going through same similarities or different similarities , but they 're going through things that are not right and not safe . " That 's why she supports the Employee Free Choice Act , she said . "  When polls show that 60 percent of the workers in America want to organize , yet only 7 percent belong to unions , you know something 's broken , " one of the bill 's sponsors , Iowa Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin , told Wednesday 's union rally in Washington . The option to vote by secret ballot would still be available . But critics say the measure -- dubbed the "  card check " bill by its opponents -- would effectively eliminate union elections , removing a fundamental hard-earned right of workers and forcing some workers into unions they do n't want to join . "  Card check is real simple , " Bego said . "  They want to eliminate the secret ballot election . And that is kind of like saying , ` We 're going to elect the president of our country by signing cards . We 're going to go door to door and you 're going to sign a card for who you want to be president . ' " Bego said if his employees want a union , they should be able to secretly vote for one . He offered to hold union elections at his company , but only if they were monitored by the National Labor Relations Board and involved secret ballots . He said the union did not respond , but continued the protests . He took out an ad in the Indianapolis Star , challenging SEIU to "  fish or cut bait . " Andy Stern , president of the SEIU and a major supporter of President Barack Obama , said the legislation provides employees who have been intimidated by their employers an opportunity to freely and openly support a union . "  This is n't necessarily an election , " Stern said . "  This is people wanting to start an organization . " "  This is workers ' choice , " Stern said . "  They can have a secret ballot , or they can legally affirm by a majority of them signing cards . " Stern would appear to have the muscle to push the legislation through Congress . The SEIU was the largest contributor to Democratic campaigns this election , pumping $ 85 million into campaigns and get-out-the-vote drives . The union said 2,000 members temporarily gave up their jobs to work for Obama 's election , and Stern said politicians who made the unions promises during the campaign now need to keep them . "  We can lobby , we can petition , we can use the same things we use in the electoral process to un-elect people , " he said . Asked if elected officials should be afraid of him , Stern replied , "  Everyone should be scared " of not living up to promises . CNN 's Marcus Hooper contributed to this report .	Bill would let employees openly sign a card demanding a union If a majority sign , company would have 90 days to negotiate Current method of deciding whether to organize -- secret ballot -- would still be option Union workers give Congress estimated 1.5 million signatures backing bill
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson does n't celebrate Mother 's Day or birthdays for religious reasons . But Michael Jackson 's mother , who turns 81 on May 4 , said she does believe in the tradition of sending flowers to a loved one . "  It means love , ' I was thinking about you today , so I 'm sending you these flowers , ' " Jackson said . "  Sometimes when you might be feeling down and you get some flowers , it perks you up . " Jackson , who rarely gives interviews , spoke to CNN about the Katherine Jackson Flower Collection , which launches Tuesday on SendHerFlowers.com , just in time for Mother 's Day . "  Flowers make me feel happy , " she said . While Jackson was eager to talk about flowers -- her favorites are red and yellow roses -- she was reluctant to speak on the record about what has made her feel sad lately . Perhaps she would have the strength later to talk about her differences with the men who now control her late son 's estate or the upcoming trial of the doctor charged in his death , but not yet , Jackson said . She dreads sitting in court for Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial , which is set to last two months starting May 9 , she said . But she will be there , listening to testimony about how her son died . The judge has already ruled that prosecutors can show photographs from his autopsy . "  A mother 's job is never done , " Jackson said . With the camera turned off , her frustration with the news media 's coverage of the singer 's life and death and of her family emerged . For example , Katherine and Joe Jackson have sometimes been described as estranged . But after 61 years of marriage , they are still a couple in love , she said . Her husband spends most of his time at the Las Vegas home given to them by daughter Janet Jackson , but it 's not unusual for her to drive across the desert to spend a few days with her husband . Joe Jackson often travels to Los Angeles to stay with his wife . They sit together in court , sometimes holding hands . She recently moved from the Encino mansion that was the Jackson family home for four decades and into a newly built mansion on a hilltop in Calabasas . Although the Hayvenhurst home is being remodeled , she hinted that she 's not moving back . With the camera turned back on , Jackson , who raised nine children and is now caring for Michael Jackson 's three children , shared advice about motherhood . She called it "  the most important thing in the world . " "  One thing about mothers -- they have to really be there for their children when they need her , " she said . "  They should be there at all times and know where your children are at all times . You must make your ` yes ' mean ` yes ' and let your ` no ' mean ` no . ' That 's really the way to bring your children up . " It 's the mother who holds the family together , she said . "  Yes , she 's the glue that keeps the family going , " Jackson said .	"  A mother 's job is never done , " Katherine Jackson says Singer 's mother launches her flower collection online "  Flowers make me feel happy , " she says She dreads the trial of the doctor charged in her son 's death
