Robin Williams was sober but was struggling with depression , anxiety and the early stages of Parkinson 's disease when he died , his widow said Thursday . The diagnosis of the progressive illness was "  an additional fear and burden in his life , " a person familiar with Williams ' family told CNN on Thursday . Williams was found dead in his Northern California home Monday from what investigators suspect was a suicide by hanging . While fans and friends have looked for answers to why the 63-year-old comedy icon would take his own life , his wife , Susan Schneider , issued a written statement about Williams ' health that he had kept a secret . "  Since his passing , all of us who loved Robin have found some solace in the tremendous outpouring of affection and admiration for him from the millions of people whose lives he touched , " Schneider said . "  His greatest legacy , besides his three children , is the joy and happiness he offered to others , particularly to those fighting personal battles . "  Robin 's sobriety was intact and he was brave as he struggled with his own battles of depression , anxiety as well as early stages of Parkinson 's disease , which he was not yet ready to share publicly . "  It is our hope in the wake of Robin 's tragic passing , that others will find the strength to seek the care and support they need to treat whatever battles they are facing so they may feel less afraid . " Williams had been active as an actor in the last year of his life , performing in a CBS sitcom that was canceled this year and acting in four films that have yet to hit theaters . It is not clear whether the early-stage Parkinson 's disease affected his ability to work . "  Friends and family can usually detect changes in the Parkinson 's patient including poor posture , loss of balance , and abnormal facial expressions , " according to the National Parkinson Foundation . "  During this initial phase of the disease , a patient usually experiences mild symptoms . These symptoms may inconvenience the day-to-day tasks the patient would otherwise complete with ease . Typically these symptoms will include the presence of tremors or experiencing shaking in one of the limbs . " Parkinson 's disease "  causes certain brain cells to die , " according to the website of the National Institutes of Health . It is more likely to affect men than women and most often develops after age 50 . Williams used exercise and cycling to manage his stress and depression , and the prospect that the illness would prevent him from doing that was extremely upsetting , adding to the depression , the person familiar with his family said . What is Parkinson 's disease ? Fellow actor Michael J. Fox , who has Parkinson 's and established the Michael J. Fox Foundation , said Thursday that he was unaware of his friend 's condition . "  Stunned to learn Robin had PD . Pretty sure his support for our Fdn predated his diagnosis . A true friend ; I wish him peace , " Fox tweeted . Investigators believe Williams used a belt to hang himself from a bedroom door sometime between late Sunday and when his personal assistant found him just before noon Monday , according to Marin County Assistant Deputy Chief Coroner Lt. Keith Boyd . Boyd would not confirm or deny whether Williams left behind a letter , saying that investigators would discuss "  the note or a note " later . The coroner 's investigation "  revealed he had been seeking treatment for depression , " Boyd said . He spent time in a treatment facility in July , a time when his wife and representative have said he was battling depression . Media reports at the time speculated that Williams had resumed drinking alcohol , but the statement from his wife appears to dispute those reports . Williams entered rehab because of drug and alcohol addiction at least twice previously . "  Robin spent so much of his life helping others , " his wife said . Whether he was entertaining millions on stage , film or television , our troops on the front lines , or comforting a sick child -- Robin wanted us to laugh and to feel less afraid . " Complete coverage on Robin Williams Robin Williams : Full of talent , full of demons , full of heart	"  A true friend ; I wish him peace , " tweets actor Michael J. Fox The diagnosis was "  an additional fear and burden in his life , " a source says Williams ' widow says he was "  not yet ready to share publicly " his diagnosis Williams was found dead in his Northern California home Monday
CNN  -- Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and opposition leader Tony Abbott moved their only televised election debate so they would n't clash with the finale of "  MasterChef Australia " Sunday -- but their switch forced Kylie Minogue to change her schedule . The politicians did n't want to go up against the cooking showdown , Australia 's most popular program , so they started their debate an hour earlier than tradition dictates . That should have put them up against "  Dancing With the Stars , " where Kylie was scheduled to make a guest appearance , Australia 's Daily Telegraph reported . The Australian pop star is making her first round of appearances on television Down Under in a decade . Channel 7 , the network that shows "  Dancing with the Stars , " is known for its news coverage , so they had little choice but to cover the debate , the channel 's head of programming told the Daily Telegraph . "  We did n't really have any option -- we 're the number one for news and we have to cover the election debate live . It was a very short discussion , " said the channel 's head of programming , Tim Worner . That pushed Kylie 's "  Dancing with the Stars " show back an hour -- putting it into competition with "  MasterChef . " MasterChef attracted nearly 3 million viewers in last week 's episode , Australian Associated Press reported . About 1.3 million people watched "  Dancing with the Stars " last week , according to Worner . Gillard last week called an election for August 21 . She ousted Kevin Rudd as leader of Australia 's Labor Party , and prime minister , in June . Gillard was Rudd 's deputy prime minister , but Labor Party members of Parliament voted her into the top job as Rudd 's public approval declined . Conservative opposition leader Tony Abbott was quick to condemn Gillard 's government when she called the election . "  The prime minister wants to move forward because the recent past is so littered with her own failures , " he said . Gillard , a 48-year-old lawyer , said when she became prime minister that she was aware the move made her the nation 's first woman in that position , "  and maybe the first redhead . " But , she said at the time , "  I did n't set out to crash my head on any glass ceilings ; I set out to keep my feet on the floor . " Since taking over , she has established a sizable lead in public approval polls over opposition leader Abbott . A Herald/Nielsen poll released just before the election was called said 56 percent of those surveyed preferred Gillard as prime minister , while only 35 percent supported Abbott . CNN 's John Raedler contributed to this report .	Contenders for top job reschedule their debate for "  MasterChef Australia " Another channel is forced to change the time of "  Dancing with the Stars " featuring Minogue The cooking program is the most popular TV show in the country Labor PM Julia Gillard called the election after becoming prime minister last month
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities said Tuesday they detained 240 illegal migrants as part of a controversial plan to deport some of the thousands of Africans who have flooded the country illegally in recent years . Another 300 illegal migrants volunteered Tuesday to return to their country of origin , Israel 's immigration ministry said . All the migrants detained Tuesday are Sudanese . "  We are sending the infiltrators , migrants , back to their homes like all countries in the West , in Europe , in the USA act when dealing with migrants , " Interior Minister Eli Yishai said on Tuesday . "  Israel is acting according to international law and international charters dealing with infiltrators and migrants that come into the country against the law , " he said . "  We are acting according to the same law as the United States and Europe . " The issue of illegal African migrants has been of growing concern in the country in recent months . According to government records , more than 59,000 illegal African immigrants have entered the country in recent years through its southern border with Egypt . More than 2,000 new migrants have been reported over the past month . Some residents of southern Tel Aviv neighborhoods , where there is a large concentration of Africans , have blamed their new neighbors for increasing crime and suffocating the infrastructure and public services . Some also complain the illegal immigration is changing the fabric of Israel . Several hundred Sudanese immigrants rallied Sunday in Tel Aviv , demanding refugee status . Last week , an Israeli court approved a government plan to deport 1,500 African migrants . Many Israeli refugee agencies and officials are pushing against those plans and calling on the government to allow the immigrants to stay . Yishai said Israel is treating the detained migrants "  with honor " but must return them to their country of origin . "  We are dealing with a porous southern border opposite Africa , " he said . "  We have to close it , and we are closing it , and everyone who comes looking for work must be returned to their country and we are doing it in an honorable way . There is a grant to help the person in the first period that he returns to his country and his home . " Most of the immigrants come from Eritrea , Sudan and South Sudan . Some of them have refugee status and hold temporary permits to remain in the country , but Israel does not recognize the status of most of them and says it is looking for ways to send them back to their home countries . CNN 's Elise Labott and Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	240 illegal migrants are detained and 300 others volunteer to leave The issue of illegal African migrants is of growing concern in Israel The interior minister says the deportations are lawful
CNN Student News  -- December 7 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Egypt North Korea Pearl Harbor , Hawaii Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- World leaders tackled the bloody 18-month crisis in Syria on Wednesday . Chinese and U.S. diplomats met , Turkey 's prime minister spoke and Egypt 's president said , "  It 's time for a change . " Here are the latest developments : Clinton , Chinese foreign minister discuss Syria U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi huddled over what Clinton called "  the evolving situation in Syria " and urged support for "  transition " in that country . "  With respect to Syria , it is no secret that we have been disappointed by Russia and China 's actions blocking tougher U.N. Security Council resolutions , and we hope to continue to unite behind a real path forward to end the violence in Syria , " Clinton said at a joint news conference with Yang in Beijing . The secretary of state stopped in China during a visit to Asia . The United States believes in a "  peaceful political transition " in a Syria currently ruled by Bashar al-Assad 's regime and wants to work for that goal with China and other nations , Clinton said . "  We have n't agreed on how to handle Syria , but we have n't stopped talking about what should be done , because the violence continues , " she said . Yang called the situation complex . He stressed China 's neutrality and said , "  Any solution should come from the people of Syria and reflect their wishes . It should not be imposed from outside . " "  China has been emphasizing all along that the various parties should arrive at a cessation of fire and an end to violence , and the various parties in Syria should begin a political dialogue . And like many countries , we support a period of political transition in Syria . " Egyptian leader says it 's time for a change Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy called for a transitional phase in Syria and for al-Assad to leave power . "  The Syrian people made their decision , and it is time for change . Let the Syrian leadership learn from the recent lessons of history . Change is due , now , " he said . Morsy made the comments while addressing a meeting of Arab League foreign ministers in Cairo . Morsy 's support of the Syrian opposition reflects his solidarity with the people who took to the streets during the Arab Spring , the popular label for the democratic movements that swept across the Middle East and North Africa last year . Turkey : "  Pre-election situation " may be impeding U.S. initiative Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the United States might be holding back on stronger action against Syria because of this year 's presidential elections . "  Maybe it 's because of the elections -- maybe it 's because of the pre-election situation in the States . Might be the root cause of the lacking of initiative , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  Nobody has spoken to us about their reasons , and they are not obliged to state anything . We are very thankful and pleased they have stated that they 're against this regime . " Erdogan has called on the U.N. Security Council to declare a no-fly zone along the Turkey-Syria border , but the council is frequently divided between the interests of Western countries and Russia and China . Dozens killed in Syria 's largest city The battle for Aleppo raged , with at least 115 people killed there , opposition activists said . The fatalities are among at least 258 people killed across the country , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Elsewhere , shelling killed three children in Homs and a sniper shot dead a teenager in Deir Ezzor . Shelling , blasts and gunfire also rang out in Damascus and its suburbs . Regime forces and the rebel Free Syrian Army battled in Deir Ezzor and the Damascus suburbs , the LCC said . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Holly Yan and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with Chinese foreign minister Egyptian president calls for regime change , transitional phase Hundreds killed Wednesday in Syria
CNN  The lawyer for Robert Bates , an Oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a Taser , on Saturday released documents that he says verify some of Bates ' training as a law enforcement officer . The documents show Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 , to use a handgun . His evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public . "  Robert Bates has met all the requisite training required by Oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , " said the lawyer , Scott Wood , in an interview with CNN . Read the documents CNN could not independently confirm the documents were authentic . Wood said he got them from Bates , who asked the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office to provide his training records . The sheriff 's office has turned down CNN 's requests for the training documents , saying they are part of the investigation . Authorities did not reply Saturday to a request for comment on Wood 's statements . The documents are important because Bates ' training has become a central issue in the case . The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that Bates , 73 , was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff . The Tulsa World newspaper reported some supervisors in the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office were told to forge Bates ' records and were reassigned when they refused . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office has denied these allegations . The documents provided to CNN cover the period from July 22 , 2008 , to December 12 , 2014 . Bates had one Taser training class , on March 4 , 2009 , according to a document with a heading from The Council on Law Enforcement Education and Training , which sets the standards for training peace officers in the state . Wood said the council requires only one hands-on class on use of a Taser . Bates had weapons training once in September 2008 and twice in 2009 , according to sheriff 's office records that Bates obtained , Wood said . He scored high enough at the pistol range 10 times from September 24 , 2009 , to April 9 , 2014 , that he was allowed to carry a handgun while on duty , Wood said . Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris . Friends and family of Harris gathered in Tulsa on Saturday afternoon for a visitation and viewing . Bates is free on $ 25,000 bond . He says he meant to use his Taser on Harris during the April 2 arrest but accidentally fired his handgun instead . "  I shot him ! I 'm sorry ! " Bates is heard saying on video of the incident . Bates , an insurance company executive , has gone to his own defense . In an interview Friday with the "  Today " show on NBC , Bates said he had the documentation to show he had completed the necessary training required of reserve deputies . "  That is absolutely the truth . I have it in writing , " he told the show . Questions have already been raised about Bates ' training and when his service with the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office started . In his statement to investigators , Bates said he "  became an advanced TCSO Reserve Deputy in 2007 . " Wood said Bates started working for the sheriff 's office in late 2007 or 2008 . But the sheriff 's office has said Bates had been a reserve deputy since 2008 . Bates , who worked as a police officer for one year in the 1960s , completed 300 hours of training and 1,100 hours of community policing experience since becoming a reserve deputy , according to the sheriff 's office . The Tulsa World said 480 hours of field training are required to be an "  advanced " reserve deputy , which Bates claimed to be . Questions have been raised about Bates ' firearms qualifications scores . To be allowed to carry a pistol on duty , deputies need to score 72 while firing at a silhouette of a man at the firing range , Wood said . Documents with a heading "  Firearms Qualification Record " show Bates scoring at least 72 on six different days . But firearms qualification records from four dates in 2012 and 2013 are missing for the entire sheriff 's office , Wood said . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office says it ca n't find the records . The department 's summary of Bates ' weapons training shows he scored 80-84 those four times . "  If you 're going to forge somebody 's score why not give them a 90 or a 95 , " Wood said . CNN provided the documents to the Tulsa World . Ziva Branstetter , an editor with the newspaper , said the new information does n't undercut the World 's reporting . "  These records back up the validity of our story and we stand by our story , " she said Saturday . Another seeming oddity of the records is how many classes Bates took on two days . The Council on Law Enforcement Education and Training records show Bates took 14 training classes worth 20 credit hours on December 10 , 2013 , and 20 classes worth 31 credit hours on December 11 , 2014 . Wood said Bates may have been cramming in his required training before the end of the year by taking computer classes . "  It 's possible you could take a half-hour class and if you know the material you could finish it in 15 minutes , " he said . Evaluations show supervisors had a good opinion of Bates . One from March 14 , 2009 , says of his strengths : "  Works well with his fellow officers and relates to the public very well . " His weakness : "  Radio usage/geography . " Remedial training : "  Does not have a lot of radio usage time which will be worked on . Will have to work on his geography skills . Both will be remedied in time ! "	Reserve deputy Robert Bates said he meant to use a Taser but accidentally shot and killed a man Lawyer for slain man 's family says Bates was n't qualified to be on the force and received preferential treatment "  Robert Bates has met all the requisite training required by Oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , " Bates ' lawyer says
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans stripped food stamp provisions opposed by conservatives and narrowly passed scaled back legislation on Thursday to overhaul the nation 's farm programs . Democrats chastised the GOP for ignoring initiatives they argue poor Americans need to keep from going hungry . The vote was 216-208 and no Democrat voted for it . Twelve Republicans opposed the bill . Debate on the floor was raucous and Democrats several times angrily screamed at Republicans and accused them of dismissing the needs of low income Americans . "  You have removed food stamps ... from this legislation . I do n't know where it is going to go . It looks like it is going to die a slow death . It is despicable . What is it about poor people that you do n't like ? " North Carolina Democratic Rep G.K. Butterfield said to House Republicans . Democrats decried the decision to discard a bipartisan framework and instead move forward with a vote only on sections of the bill focused on farm supports . Republicans pledged a vote at a later time on legislation focused on nutrition and the food stamp program , which is the largest domestic safety net against hunger . Food stamps cover more than 47 million people , nearly half children , according to the Agriculture Department . But escalating costs are a problem for conservatives as has been the program 's continued expansion under the Bush and Obama administrations . The food stamp and nutrition program costs roughly $ 78 billion annually with participation rising sharply in recent years partly due to recession and the sluggish economic recovery marked by high unemployment . Food stamps account for much of the farm bill 's overall cost . Many Republicans from rural states argued it was important now for Congress to address agricultural programs because farmers needed to plan . "  Farms and families in this country need the certainty of this agricultural policy and I ask that you support the bill , " Georgia Republican Rep Austin Scott said . The legislation overhauls federal agricultural policy by consolidating a number of farm programs and ending direct payments to farmers while expanding crop insurance provisions . The Senate passed farm legislation last month that included the food stamp program and some lawmakers pointed out that House-Senate negotiations to craft a compromise could still include the initiative in a final package . But Democrats said there was no guarantee the House would ever vote on food stamps as part of farm legislation , and suggested GOP leaders lured support from conservatives for Thursday 's vote by also promising to make deep cuts to nutrition programs in the future . The White House issued a veto threat on the new Republican version of the bill on Wednesday . For decades farm bills have been approved by Congress with fairly significant bipartisan support because they include both agricultural programs backed by those representing rural districts and nutrition assistance programs supported by those in urban areas . But a bipartisan alliance fell apart in the House , which defeated a previous version of the farm bill last month . Democrats then said proposed cuts were too severe and also protested additional work requirements for nutrition assistance programs . Republicans voted against the measure because they argued food stamp cuts were n't steep enough . GOP leaders scrambled to find a strategy that would get farm legislation through before rural state members go home next month and have to face disappointed farm communities . Splitting the measure in two pieces was the way to set aside conservatives concerns . Republican Agriculture Committee Chairman Frank Lucas said he could n't guarantee that a nutrition-only package could pass the House , but he pledged to Democrats he would work with them to ensure those programs continued and were funded .	Farm bill approved by Republican-led House along party lines Senate has approved its own version with food-stamp assistance President Obama has threatened to veto House version NEW : Food stamps cover more than 47 million people ; participation up sharply
Washington  CNN  -- "  I was totally stunned . " That 's how Rep. Steve Cohen , D-Tennessee , described his reaction upon finding out the woman he though was his long lost daughter , really was n't . "  I felt confident that it was for sure that  it  would come out that I was the father , " " he told CNN . "  When I found out I was n't , I was floored . " This bizarre story begins with an even more bizarre backstory . Flashback to February , President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address . Washington was abuzz about what appeared to be a salacious social media blunder : during the speech -- the bachelor congressman tweeted "  I-L-U " for ' I LOVE YOU ' to an attractive young blonde . Cohen , 64 , announced that aspiring model Victoria Brink was actually his daughter , something he learned from her mother , an old girlfriend he had recently contacted . "  I could n't sleep one night and I Googled her and it came out that she had a bio written up on her webpage and it said she had a daughter Victoria . So I Facebooked , searched her daughter and it turns out she had this daughter born on the 22nd of April in '88 and that was kind of when we were together , " said Cohen . Cohen says his old flame told him that her daughter looked like him . "  So that is what it was , and I wrote Victoria a letter and she wrote me back and she said , ` This is very difficult for me . All my life I thought somebody else was my father . ' " CNN intended to do a story about a congressman finding his daughter late in life . But during the process , Victoria and the man she 'd always thought was her father , wanted to do paternity tests to be sure . The result was a stunner . Texas oilman John Brink , the man who raised her , was actually her biological father , not the congressman . Cohen said he only took a DNA test because Victoria wanted it . "  She said that she did n't know who her biological father was , and for her mental health she needed it . I had avoided it but I would do anything for her , " said Cohen . Despite the letdown of learning Victoria is not his biological daughter , Cohen says he enjoyed introducing her as his daughter at Washington events , like the White House Christmas party . He still keeps pictures of her on his walls at the office , and at home . For him the short three-year period he thought Victoria was his daughter was enough to cement his love for her . "  We still communicate . I still care about her greatly and I think she cares about me and I hope and plan to continue to have a relationship . I think of her still as my daughter , " he said .	Congressman thought woman was his daughter Paternity tests proved otherwise "  I was totally stunned , " said Congressman Steve Cohen
Hong Kong  CNN  -- "  Big Brother is watching you . " This is the sinister maxim repeated throughout George Orwell 's "  Nineteen Eighty-Four , " his dark portrayal of life inside an authoritarian state characterized by its omniscient and paranoid leadership . Fortunately this kind of dystopian nightmare is confined to fiction for most of us -- or more recently the world of reality television with the phenomenally successful Big Brother show , where groups of hapless "  housemates " try to outlast each in an isolated environment where their every move is monitored 24 hours a day . And now the show is coming to China 's small screen , an irony that wo n't be lost on many in a country that purportedly has more people employed to censor the Internet than its army  the world 's largest  has soldiers . Launching in early 2015 , the first-ever Chinese version of Big Brother will air for ten weeks , with production in China set to begin shortly , according to Endemol China -- part of the Asian arm of one of the world 's leading multi-platform program makers -- who will partner with Chinese digital video platform Youku Tudou Inc. to produce the show . "  In a market that annually generates hundreds of billions of video views , partnering with the number one digital video platform will allow us to bring Big Brother to a young audience and deliver the most immersive , interactive and unique experience to fans across the nation , " said Endemol 's CEO of Asian Operations Arjen van Mierlo . Victor Koo , Chairman and CEO of Youku Tudou Inc. said : "  We are delighted to be joining forces with Endemol to finally bring this groundbreaking format to China . Fifteen years after its launch , Big Brother continues to be a worldwide hit that engages passionate young fans across multiple platforms . " ` Excessive ' and ` vulgar ' The announcement comes at a time when authorities are concerned about the lack of originality and diversity of Chinese programs , as well as "  excessive " and "  vulgar " entertainment -- with foreign content in their crosshairs . Shows such as "  Chinese Idol , " a talent show that replicates the formula of the hugely popular "  American idol , " have been a huge success with viewers and sponsors alike . But as of this year , satellite broadcasters are only permitted to buy the rights to more than one foreign-made program per year . Big Brother , which has been running for 15 years , continues to be a hit in the USA , Europe , Australia , Canada and Israel , as well across Latin America , Scandinavia , Africa and Asia .	Launching in early 2015 , the first-ever Chinese version of Big Brother will air for ten weeks Will follow the format of the hugely successful reality show popular across the world Comes at a time when China has been clamping down on "  excessive , vulgar " content
Tokyo  CNN  -- The United Nations nuclear watchdog agency said Wednesday that Japan underestimated the hazard posed by tsunamis to nuclear plants but praised the country 's response to the Fukushima Daiichi crisis as "  exemplary . " The International Atomic Energy Agency announced a preliminary summary of safety issues related to the crippled power plant . The plant was damaged after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern Japan and killed more than 14,000 people and left another 10,000 people missing . An international team of nuclear experts from 12 countries participated in a fact-finding mission and completed its preliminary assessment Wednesday , the agency said . The team said nuclear designers and operators should "  evaluate and provide protection against the risks of all natural hazards . " . "  These tsunami waves overwhelmed the defenses of TEPCO 's Fukushima Daiichi facility , which were only designed to withstand tsunami waves of a maximum of 5.7 meters  18.7 feet  high . The larger waves that impacted this facility on that day were estimated to be larger than 14 meters  46 feet  high , " the report said , referring to the plant 's owners , Tokyo Electric Power Co. . "  The tsunami waves reached areas deep within units causing the loss of all power sources except for one emergency diesel generator ... with no other significant power source available on or off the site , and little hope of outside assistance . " The team also said despite the "  brave and sometimes novel " efforts by operational staff to control and cool reactors and spent fuel , the fuel was severely damaged and a series of explosions occurred . "  The operators were faced with a catastrophic , unprecedented emergency scenario with no power , reactor control or instrumentation , " the summary said . "  They had to work in darkness with almost no instrumentation and control systems to secure the safety of six reactors , six associated fuel pools , a common fuel pool , and dry cask storage facilities . " Team leader Mike Weightman , the UK 's chief inspector of nuclear installations , said the team was humbled by massive damage caused by the tsunami . "  We are also profoundly impressed by the dedication of Japanese workers working to resolve this unprecedented nuclear accident , " Weightman said in an agency statement . The team also praised Japan 's "  long-term " response , including the "  impressive and well organized " evacuation of the area around the stricken reactors . "  A suitable and timely follow-up program on public and worker exposures and health monitoring would be beneficial , " the team said . The draft report summary was delivered to Japanese authorities Wednesday , the agency said . A final report will be delivered to the Ministerial Conference on Nuclear Safety at the agency 's headquarters in Vienna in late June .	International nuclear experts assess safety issues stemming from Fukushima Daiichi The nuclear power plant was crippled after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami Tsunami waves were 14 meters high , but the plant was only able to handle 5.7-meter waves The team of experts praise "  brave and sometimes novel efforts " by the plant 's staff
CNN  -- Last month , a delegation of members from the U.S. House of Representatives , which I was honored to lead , met with inspiring women of North Africa who are helping to change the world . In Cairo , Egypt ; Tunis , Tunisia ; and Tripoli , Libya , we held discussions with women who are committed to ensuring that women have a seat at the table and are able to succeed in this rapidly changing and strategically important region . It is an uphill climb , but there is no better time than the present . The women we met were outspoken in their belief that the new governments must be truly democratic , and that longstanding biases against full participation by women in their society must be abolished . These women came from many different backgrounds and viewpoints , yet they are aware that while their moment is now , the obstacles are great . Some had participated in the massive Arab Spring demonstrations that challenged decades of autocratic rule . Others had studied in the United States and other countries and then returned to build a future where women 's voices are equal to those of men . Some are already serving in government but spoke about a need for more women to serve and to lead in forming new democracies in the Middle East . One message came through clearly in every discussion : They look to the United States as an essential partner in their efforts to build democratic societies . Women journalists played a crucial role in the overthrow of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Women are already deeply involved in rebuilding the political and economic systems of their country . Although just 10 of more than 500 members of the new parliament are women , the signal we received is that Egyptian women are committed to expanding their influence and their ranks , and to ensuring that the constitution under development will fully protect the rights of women in Egypt . Similarly in Tunisia , Deputy Speaker Mehrezia Labidi pledged to lead the effort for women 's rights and secular law in her nation . Women already hold 26 % of the seats in the Constituent Assembly , which is responsible for drafting Tunisia 's Constitution . The determination of Tunisian women has been demonstrated outside the legislative chambers as well . In the midst of unrest at the University of Manouba , a young woman watched outraged as a zealot tore down her country 's flag , and she then courageously climbed the flagpole to restore the flag to its rightful place , winning the plaudits of her countrymen . Fundamental to opening opportunities to women in public and private life is expanding their access to education . The young women with whom we met in Tripoli were unanimous in their belief that improving the quality of education for all Libyans is essential to the success of their revolution and the modernization of their country , particularly in light of the utter failure of the nation 's secondary schools and universities under Moammar Gadhafi . What I heard from the women of North Africa was a refrain I have also heard in Iraq and Afghanistan and throughout the Middle East : Women and young people are weary of war . They are fed up with leaders who use ideology , religion and war to distract from the real challenges to peace , prosperity and democracy : a lack of education , a failure to provide jobs and economic opportunity , and the subjugation of women . They employed social media such as Facebook and Twitter to circumvent the repression imposed for decades by autocratic regimes and demonstrated astonishing bravery to liberate their countries from tyranny . They have succeeded in that first phase : Gadhafi , Mubarak and Tunisia 's Zine el Abidine Ben Ali are gone . These young women are under no illusions about the challenges they face . They are deeply committed to building democratic societies , and they are looking to us . We can not fail them . Leaders throughout North Africa and the Middle East must honor the role women played in freeing their countries : All their citizens -- including women -- have important contributions to make at this historic moment . That is a lesson it has taken the United States many generations to learn , but it is surely one of the most important pieces of wisdom we can share with developing democracies around the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Pelosi .	Nancy Pelosi led delegation to meet with Arab women working for democracy She says women want long-denied participation in society , access to education , jobs Pelosi : Many women were key players in Arab Spring and do n't want to be left behind Pelosi : They say U.S. support is crucial for building democracies with roles for women
CNN  -- One member of the Grammy award-winning group Ladysmith Black Mambazo garners praise for more than just his rhythm . iReporter Lulis Leal saluted singer Thulani Shabalala for his dedication in building the Umuzi Kababa Performing Arts Center in Umgababa , South Africa . "  His community performing arts center helps provide a safe haven to many high-risk neighborhood children with nowhere to go after school and nothing to do to occupy their time , " she says . "  The center promotes traditional Zulu singing and dancing and gives children a sense of pride and inspiration for a better life . " This photographer , who 's married to the musical group 's manager , Mitch Goldstein , has known Shabalala for more than 20 years . The two filmed an iReport video to highlight Shabalala 's efforts to empowering children in this small community with music and art . CNN spoke with Shabalala about his effort to create the center and his hope for the future . CNN : What inspired you to start building the Umuzi Kababa Performing Arts Center ? Shabalala : In sing with the group , I saw a need . I saw the people who support our music and felt like we had to do something for the people . My father  Joseph Shabalala , founder of Ladysmith Black Mambazo  has been trying to build a school for kids . He said it was going to be very easy for me since it 's not too far from where I live . I saw the kids there . Some of them do n't have money to go to school or even for food . I felt I should give back to the community . We have done some of the things for the community but I wanted this to be personally coming from me . CNN : How has the center evolved ? Shabalala : I started working in 2009 . The area had a broken house with no windows and no doors . There was nothing . I had to build the stage starting from scratch . So far , we have done a number of things . We 've hosted workshops . We 've done a month-long celebration for women and children . And we 've had a ceremony with artists : Ladysmith Black Mambazo sang , and my brother 's group sang as well . CNN : What has been the response from the community ? Shabalala : Parents come and thank me . Kids are always around playing . CNN : How can others help ? Shabalala : Through this work , we started a  non-governmental organization  . If there are people who want to reach out and help the kids now , we are going to send children to go to school . We 've already made a website for anyone who wants to help send kids to school . What are you doing to Impact Your World ? We want to hear your story about how you or someone you know is making a difference in the lives of others . Go to CNN iReport for details .	Grammy-award winning singer builds a community center from scratch in South Africa Photographer , singer document Umuzi Kababa Performing Arts Center 's progress Thulani Shabalala : I ... felt like we had to do something for the people
CNN  -- "  It 's like all our memories are gone . " That 's what my brother said when he called to talk about the devastation Superstorm Sandy wreaked on the Jersey Shore , the summer playground of our youth . With those words I realized that as concerned and sad as I was about the effect of the storm , I was also mourning for a place that harbored so many happy memories for me growing up that may never be the same . My brother still lives in the Northeast , but I have long since moved to Atlanta and married a woman from Siesta Key , Florida . For vacations , we venture out to exotic spots . But the word "  vacation " always conjures up images of the Jersey Shore in my mind , and I have often found it difficult to communicate to my wife and my Southern friends what an important cultural touchstone the Jersey Shore is for people in that region . All they know is the caricatured version presented by MTV . But for tens of millions of people in greater New York and Philadelphia who live a short drive or train ride away , the Jersey Shore has always been a weekend destination where families vacation year after year . New York after Sandy : A tale of two cities It was not a coastline of resorts and golf courses , like so much of the South . It was grid-based towns that went right up to the beach and were capped off with boardwalks that stretched for miles . Back home in Pennsylvania , we all knew those towns . We knew which had the best piers with the best rides , and we knew that the best sausage and pepper sandwich was at a boardwalk stand in Seaside Heights . We knew that Lucy the Elephant was actually a hotel in Margate and that the places on the Monopoly board really existed . We also knew that "  the Shore " meant only the Jersey Shore . Everywhere else was just the beach . But the shore was more than just a beach . It was carnival rides and boardwalks and the remnants of what entertainment looked like in the Victorian era . It was the birthplace of Miss America and the land of Springsteen . It was beach towns filled with memories made by generations of families . My grandparents were the first ones in my family who were born in America , and for them and every generation in my family , our first encounter with the ocean was at the Jersey Shore . As a result , I was able to do some of the same things in the same places my grandmother did , when as a young woman she would take the train from Philadelphia to Atlantic City with her girlfriends to frolic in the sand and walk the boardwalk . I could hang out on the beach and wander around the sights in Cape May , just like my mom did . It is a connection that binds generations . It was to the Jersey Shore that my brother and our high school friends went the day after senior proms , just like our dad did . And we both agree our best family vacation ever was in Lavallette in 1977 , when he was 12 and I was 10 . So many of our friends were there at the same time , and we could finally hang out on the boardwalk on our own . I loved it so much I vowed I would keep forever a T-shirt I got at a boat race we attended that week . And I have . It is now my 9-year-old son 's favorite T-shirt and his special connection to the Jersey Shore . Entertainment : ` Jersey Shore ' cast on Sandy devastation When you are married to someone who grew up on an island with palm trees , it is hard to convince them the Jersey Shore is a worthy alternative . But I finally convinced my wife to go there for a family reunion when she was newly pregnant with our first child . We arrived when it was dark , and the cool , late summer air was damp with the ocean spray . I insisted that she walk up to the beach with me , and when we got there we turned , looked north and I showed her the boardwalk pier stretching out over the water , with a Ferris wheel and a roller coaster lighting up the night sky over the black ocean . I stood behind her , with my arms wrapped around her shoulders , and sang in a whisper into her ear : "  The amusement park rises bold and stark ; kids are huddled on the beach in the mist . " I could finally show her that place was real . And that imagery was the imagery of my memories . And my parents ' memories ... and their parents ' memories . And that was my Jersey Shore . Share your memories of the Jersey Shore with CNN 's iReport . What are your memories ? What photos of the Shore are important to you ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Vigilante .	David Vigilante : Jersey Shore , wrecked by Sandy , may never be the same Vigilante : The place harbors so many happy memories for me growing up He says unlike the MTV caricature , it has been a vacation spot for many Vigilante : The shore is more than a beach ; it 's a connection that binds generations
Houston  CNN  -- A plane carrying U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords departed Houston on Wednesday headed for Florida , where she is scheduled to attend the Friday launch of the space shuttle Endeavour , commanded by her husband , Mark Kelly . Giffords has been recovering at a Houston rehabilitation hospital after she was shot in the head at a public event January 8 in Tucson , Arizona . Her staffers put a picture taken from the plane on Twitter , saying she "  is looking forward to some time away " from TIRR Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston . Last week , her doctors gave her final clearance to attend the launch . Giffords will not make a statement or meet with the media while she is at Kennedy Space Center , officials said . Doctors and friends have spoken of Giffords ' strong recovery . She speaks in short sentences , walks with a cart for therapy and has full use of her left side . Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , D-Florida , recently said her friend "  continues to make remarkable progress , has a little bit more mobility now ... is a lot more responsive , interactive and initiating speech . " Earlier this month , CNN 's Sanjay Gupta visited Giffords ' medical team in Tucson , including Dr. Peter Rhee , the trauma chief at University Medical Center , where she was first treated . Dr. Gupta on Giffords ' skull surgery "  I 'll tell you she 's not going to be 100 % , I know that for a fact , " Rhee said of Giffords . "  She has a scar on her head , she 's going to have multiple scars on her ... there are a lot of things that are permanently damaged that wo n't ever come back . Is she going to be the same as she was before ? I think she 's going to have permanent changes in thoughts and memories and feelings and emotions , so we 'll have to see how that pans out in the future . But I think she 'll be doing very well . " Kelly will be commanding a crew of four other Americans and one astronaut from the European Space Agency . Liftoff is scheduled for 3:47 p.m. ET Friday . According to a senior administration official , President Barack Obama , first lady Michelle Obama and their daughters Malia and Sasha will also watch the launch in person. ;	NEW : Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ' staff posts a picture taken from her plane Giffords is scheduled to attend a space shuttle launch Friday The shuttle will be commanded by her husband , Mark Kelly
CNN  -- Prime Minister Julia Gillard of Australia has described as "  inaccurate " a TV report alleging that several government institutions including the country 's main spy agency fell victim to foreign cyberattacks . The Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's investigative program Four Corners reported that hackers , thought to be from China , had breached government agencies including the prime minister 's office and cabinet , as well as the departments of foreign affairs and defense . The most striking element in the report was the allegation that a cyberattack from a server in China stole the blueprints to the new headquarters of the ASIO , Australia 's top intelligence organization , including details on the building 's security and communications systems , its floor plan and the locations of its servers . But Gillard sought to play down the TV program 's claims . Australia the ` lucky country ' for a better life : survey "  There were a number of unsubstantiated allegations of hacking in the Four Corners report as the attorney general has stated , " she said , according to CNN affiliate Network Seven . "  Neither he or the director general of ASIO intend to comment further on these inaccurate reports . " At a foreign ministry news conference Tuesday , Chinese officials called the report a "  baseless accusation . " "  Since the attacks are technically untraceable , it 's difficult to find the origin of these attacks , " said foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei . "  I do n't know where does the evidence come from for media to make such reports . " Hong added that cybersecurity is an issue internationally and it calls for a "  calm and thorough discussion . " "  Making baseless accusation will not help to improve the current situation , " he said . Earlier this month , the United States accused China of trying to extract sensitive information from U.S. government computers . A Pentagon report said China was carrying out the attacks in an effort to extract information from "  diplomatic , economic and defense industrial base sectors that support U.S. national defense programs . " At the time , the Chinese Foreign Ministry said China was "  firmly against any forms of cyberattacks . " Beijing has in the past insisted that China is the victim of cyberattacks , most originating in the United States . Watch where you click : International cyber attacks on the rise	NEW : China calls the report "  baseless accusation " A TV report alleges that top Australian government agencies were hacked It claims an attack out of China stole blueprints to the national spy agency 's new HQ Prime Minister Julia Gillard says the allegations are "  unsubstantiated "
CNN  -- Just like those petite waifs that glide effortlessly down the Rue de Rivoli , seen at first-hand the beauty of Paris can be breathtaking . The Eiffel Tower is one of the world 's most iconic buildings and is just one of the city 's many highlights . Yet like those same Paris ladies who wear their hauteur like a badge of honor , the city is not without its dark side . In recent years the French capital has had its elegant facade ruffled by an explosion of discontent among the city 's disenfranchised underclass . Young men -- many the offspring of North African immigrants -- angry at the lack of opportunities and perceived racism from state institutions have taken to the streets , fighting violent pitched battles with police . All this has happened in the city 's ghettoized suburbs -- the banlieues . If you stay in the pristine center , you 'd never know it was going on . The ugly high-rises of the unkempt banlieue are a world away from the tourists ' Paris : a timeless masterpiece of tree-lined boulevards , majestic architecture and white-aproned waiters uncorking bottles of Bordeaux . The city 's abundant charms give it a unique ability to bring out the romantic side of even the most world weary . Winding your way along the banks of the Seine near Notre Dame on a spring day can feel like being in beautiful day dream . Of course , you might find the illusion comes crashing down around you when you sit down at a cafe and discover the rudest man on the planet disguised as your waiter . But what would Paris be without those famously haughty Parisians , regarding you with thinly veiled contempt when you try to order "  deux billet pour le metro " in a bad French accent ? For all its classical beauty the city center is actually a fairly modern creation . The cramped and disease-ridden streets of medieval Paris were torn down in the 19th century . The work commissioned by Napolean III and supervised by the urban planner Baron Georges-Eugene Haussmann transformed the center into the city of wide boulevards and grand squares that you see today . Haussman 's Paris might look like the set from a sumptuous period drama but it 's not untouched by the modern . Competing for space alongside the Eiffel Tower on the Paris skyline , is the post-modern strangeness of the Pompidou Center and the sleek glass arch at La Defense . These modern creations do n't get the approval of all Parisians or of the tourists , and you sometimes get the impression contemporary Paris is slightly stifled by its past -- a victim of its own beauty . Of course there 's only one way to contemplate this and the many other questions the city raises . That 's with a cafe au lait in hand , seated at a terrasse watching the world , and the waifs go by .	Paris remains one of the most charming and beautiful cities in the world The center was rebuilt in the 19th century by Baron Haussman Away from central Paris , the suburbs have suffered rioting by angry youths Modern Paris is represented in avante-garde creations like the Pompidou Center
CNN  -- Police call the relationship "  toxic . " If the details of the police report are accurate , folks wo n't need much convincing . Bear the Pomeranian disappeared in early August after the dog 's owner and her then-boyfriend Ryan Eddy Watenpaugh had an argument . The woman fled her apartment after she was physically assaulted by Watenpaugh , she told police in Redding , California . When she returned , Bear was gone . The couple , which police say had a tumultuous dating relationship that included the woman being held against her will , briefly reconciled the first week in September . Watenpaugh , 35 , cooked her a meal that included meat . Then the text messages began . "  How 's your dog taste ? I thought it was better with BBQ and those Hawaiian buns . " "  I guess u could bury what u did n't eat . " "  The smile on my face when you read this ... priceless , " CNN affiliate KRCR reported . Then early Tuesday , Watenpaugh showed up at the woman 's house and left a small bag by her front door , police say . Inside was a note and two dog paws . "  Burn in hell , " the note says . "  I hate you so much it hurts . Stay away from me . I want nothing to do with you . F -- you . " At the bottom of the note : a smiley face . Redding police arrested him two days later . They say he 's admitted to sending the messages and placing the dog paws at the woman 's residence , but has denied killing or cooking Bear . "  You know this is extremely strange , " Redding Sgt. Todd Cogle told KRCR . "  Unusual , something we had never seen before . " Watenpaugh has been charged with domestic violence , false imprisonment , stalking and animal cruelty . He 's being held on $ 250,000 bail in the Shasta County jail . Man killed , planned to eat girlfriend 's dog , police say CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Text messages suggest Ryan Eddy Watenpaugh may have cooked ex 's dog "  How 's your dog taste ? " one text message asks Watenpaugh delivers bag with note and dog paws to ex 's house The charges include domestic violence , false imprisonment , stalking and animal cruelty
CNN  -- Two British soldiers and a Spanish soldier were killed in separate incidents in Afghanistan , the British and Spanish Defense Ministries said . The British soldiers died in roadside bomb explosions Monday , a part of southern Afghanistan that has been the site of fierce fighting between the Taliban and coalition troops , the ministry said in a written statement . The soldiers were on foot patrol at the time , said Lt. Col. David Wakefield , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand , a predominantly British military command that conducts operations in Helmand province . They were identified as belonging to the 3rd Battalion , The Yorkshire Regiment but were not identified by name . In the other Monday incident , a Spanish military vehicle struck a mine while on a mission to distribute aid , and the explosion killed one soldier and wounded six others , a Spanish Defense Ministry spokesman told CNN . Killed was a Colombian national , Jon Felipe Romero Meneses , in his early twenties , serving with Spain 's armed forces . The identities and conditions of the wounded soldiers were not immediately available , said the spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The blast happened in Qala-i-Naw province in Afghanistan , where the Spanish troops were escorting a U.N. World Food Programme convoy to distribute aid . Spain has more than 800 troops in Afghanistan serving in the NATO-led mission , and the government has recently committed to send several hundred more , partly in response to the Obama administration 's request for more troops from allied nations . Spain has had troops in Afghanistan since 2002 , and more than 22 Spanish soldiers have died there , including two in November 2008 when a suicide bomber rammed their convoy , and 17 in a helicopter crash in August 2005 . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report	Britain : Soldiers die in roadside bomb explosions while on foot patrol in Helmand province Soldiers belong to 3rd Battalion , The Yorkshire Regiment One Spanish soldier killed , six others wounded in separate attack Spain has more than 800 troops in Afghanistan as part of NATO-led mission
From the Gulf Coast  CNN  -- I love animals and I love the outdoors . The Gulf of Mexico and the coastline that surrounds it is a special place to me and millions of other Americans . Right now there are more than 40,000 people working to save it in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon disaster . They 're trying to plug the well , save the wildlife and clean up the oil . Seeing the oil and the action up close is one thing . Getting your hands dirty and feeling the enormity of the job is another . I now understand what it takes . Of course , the big difference between me and them is they do it every day . All day . Sometimes all night . Without complaint . These are the heroes doing their part to save the Gulf of Mexico . When the spill happened I assumed all you needed was a few skimmers to surround the slick and suck up the oil . How nave I am . One thing I 've learned reporting in this oil disaster : Nothing is as easy as it seems it should be . My embed on the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Elm showed me the dirty , slippery and agonizingly slow process of skimming weathered Gulf sweet crude . It 's a nasty business . Searching for , rescuing , rehabilitating and releasing oiled wildlife is also a process that requires agility , patience and , most of all , a gentle touch . My embed with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service had me based on a barge in the middle of the marsh . I followed fellow animal lovers on a hunt for oiled wildlife . The rescued birds were brought to the International Bird Rescue Research Center in Buras , Louisiana , where they 're cleaned , given medical care and nursed back to health . I got to hand feed a sick baby pelican -- an emotional moment words ca n't describe -- followed by transporting rehabilitated birds to Texas , where we released them into an oil-free wildlife refuge . Another emotion-filled spiritual rush . Cleaning the beach seems easy . Well , it 's not -- especially in 100-degree blazing sun and relentless humidity . I took the required hazmat training course and suited up for a full day of tar ball pickin ' fun . OK , it was n't really fun -- but it made decent TV . "  Rescue " wraps up on the lighter side with an appreciation for the guys working the beach dressed in rubber and Tyvek . I had the opportunity to go shoulder-to-shoulder with the men and women out here getting it done , and it 's an experience I 'll never forget . I hope you 'll join me on the journey and tune in to "  Rescue : Saving the Gulf . " -LSB- Fellow CNNers Tracy Sabo , John Murgatroyd , Kevin Myers , Dominic Swann and Beth English worked behind the camera and sweated it out with smiles every step of the way . Good times . -RSB-	CNN 's Rob Marciano gives a behind-the-scenes look at his reporting for a CNN special He spent time on a U.S. Coast Guard cutter as oil was skimmed from the Gulf Marciano followed fellow animal lovers on a hunt for oiled wildlife , releasing rescued birds Watch "  Rescue : Saving the Gulf " Saturday & Sunday night at 8 ET on CNN
CNN  -- Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele might be reminding conservative activists of a past Republican leadership turned arrogant with power . Under Michael Steele 's leadership , the RNC has been accused of spending campaign funds on private jets , booze , limousines , five-star hotels , overseas resorts and a party donor 's trip to a Hollywood bondage club . Most conservatives will agree that these expenditures are a horrible waste of funds at a time when Republicans are hoping to enjoy sizable gains in the 2010 midterm elections . After the devastating results of the 2006 and 2008 elections , conservatives were unexpectedly able to energize their followers as the Tea Party movement emerged and President Obama experienced first-year difficulties . Local Republican victories in gubernatorial elections in Virginia and New Jersey boosted the spirits of conservatives who feared Democrats might be on the verge of another New Deal . But along comes the RNC scandals , which have had the exact opposite effect . Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council , told his followers that they should not write checks to the national party . Perkins said : "  This latest incident is another indication to me the RNC is completely tone-deaf to the values and concerns of a large number of people they are seeking financial support from . " The RNC scandals smack of the type of arrogance that was at the heart of the scandals that brought down key Republicans in 2005 and 2006 . During these critical years , it became clear that party leaders had been abusing their influence by focusing on expanding their own power rather than advancing the agenda of the right . House Majority Leader Tom DeLay was forced to resign in early 2006 after being accused of violating campaign finance laws in Texas . He was also tied to the lobbying scandals that centered on Jack Abramoff . California Rep. Duke Cunningham ended his career for accepting bribes from defense contractors who benefited from his decisions on appropriations . There was also the case of Florida Rep. Mark Foley , to whom Republican leaders turned a blind eye despite his highly inappropriate text messages to underage male pages . Even Ralph Reed , the darling of the Christian Coalition , had been in cahoots with Abramoff in schemes to mobilize activists to protest gaming with the intention of drumming up business for his long-time friend . It seemed that the attitude of Republicans in Washington had become "  anything goes . " The results were devastating . Many Republicans were forced to resign , and Democrats regained control of Congress in 2006 . Polls showed that corruption was a major issue on Election Day . The chickens had come home to roost . Not only did the scandals offer campaign fodder for Democrats who wanted to challenge the Republicans ' self-promotion as the righteous party , but even more importantly , they deflated the enthusiasm of conservative activists who believed their energy and money had been wasted and that their party was just as corrupt as the opposition . Rather than the party of Ronald Reagan , the GOP looked more like the party of Tammany Hall . The Steele scandals point to that same kind of arrogance . This time around , Republicans are in an even weaker position , given that they are in the minority and out of the White House , struggling to rebuild their battered party . In addition , Democrats have just achieved a major victory with health care , and it seems that the jobs market is finally starting to improve . Republicans will need to clean their house quickly and find leaders who do not look more interested in the lavish ways of Washington than in the more modest ways of Main Street . On Monday , the Republican National Committee chief of staff resigned , with many assuming he was fired by Steele in an effort to clean house . The resignation is a start . But much more needs to be done . If the Republican leadership does not respond more aggressively , recent efforts to revive the party wo n't amount to very much . Conservative voters will not be enthusiastic about supporting a party whose leaders partake in lavish and questionable activities , and Democrats will have more evidence that their opponents can not be trusted with power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Michael Steele and RNC spending spree is alienating conservative wing Zelizer : Spending on booze , bondage club comes when GOP hoping to win 2010 midterms He thinks scandals reveal same arrogance that brought down GOP in 2005 and 2006 They must change or it appears they ca n't be trusted with power , Zelizer says
CNN  -- When Robinho completed his dramatic deadline-day transfer from Manchester City to AC Milan last month , he became the latest in a long line of flamboyant big-name players to move to the San Siro . Most would agree the attacking prowess of the 26-year-old party-loving , Brazil striker would help bolster the attack of any team in the world , but it 's his ability to help decide the future of Italian politics that was arguably just as attractive to his new employers . That is because club owner Silvio Berlusconi also happens to be the prime minister of Italy and -- according to leading commentators -- AC Milan 's success has been inextricably linked to Berlusconi 's rise to power . It could be just a coincidence of course , but Robinho 's arrival , on the back of the purchase of Barcelona superstar striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes at an apposite time for the beleaguered statesman . The 73-year-old has the support of less than 30 percent of voters according to a recent poll for the newspaper La Repubblica -- following the defections of dozens of members of parliament in July and the departure of Gianfranco Fini -- a co-founder of Berlusconi 's ruling "  People of Liberty , " over policy disagreements . So could the capture of Robinho help shore up Italy 's coalition government ? There is no doubt that Berlusconi is a man who stirs the emotions of his compatriots in many different ways . To his followers , he is an achiever . An innovator , somebody who has changed Italian culture and business practices for the better . A world statesman of the very highest caliber . To his critics , he is a chancer ; an embarrassment who continually flouts his authority with bizarre decision making amid lurid accusations about his personal life . And , to the supporters of AC Milan , he is the man in power . The owner , to be cheered when results are going well and jeered after another defeat . Rome-based football journalist Patrick Agnew has no doubt there is a correlation between Berlusconi 's standing in the opinion polls and the arrival of big-name stars at his beloved Rossoneri . "  Berlusconi will frequently use the club to recreate a wining image for himself , " Agnew told CNN . "  Off the pitch , his center-right coalition government is under great pressure at the moment . And , on the pitch , he was forced to watch rivals Inter win everything last season . " Agnew added : "  Berlusconi was also shocked by some of the banners he saw fans holding , when he turned up to watch the team train in July . He knew he had to buy some big names to boost his popularity , that 's why Robinho and Ibrahimovic have arrived . "  Berlusconi has always seen Milan as a huge publicity vehicle and likes rubbing shoulders with the big-name players he can attract . It 's all part of the image , that 's why David Beckham has twice played here . It boosts "  brand Berlusconi " when the polls suggest he needs a boost . " The career paths of Berlusconi the politician and Berlusconi the football club owner run hand-in-hand as the billionaire has unashamedly courted the popular "  football " vote to achieve his political aspirations . When deciding to enter the political arena by creating a new party in 1993 , Berlusconi chose the popular football chant "  Forza Italia " -- roughly translated as "  Go Italy " -- a name that helped progress the businessman to the office of prime minister within a year . Berlusconi 's sudden and spectacular rise to the political summit came just as one of the greatest Milan sides of all time was marching towards the Italian league title . In fact , in the same May month that Berlusconi was sworn into power , his Milan side -- boasting Dutch superstars Ruud Gullit and Marco van Basten -- thrashed Barcelona 4-0 in one of the most devastating European Cup final displays ever seen . Political analyst Franco Pavoncello , dean of the John Cabot University in Rome , told CNN : "  The success of AC Milan definitely helped propel Berlusconi 's political aspirations and it is doubtful whether he would be prime minister now without that link . "  Berlusconi is a unique man . Whatever he touches turns to gold and his only aim is to be a success . The split in his coalition means he has some political maneuvering to do to avoid a possible election next year . "  But , if an election did happen , signing some big names to help Milan achieve success again can only help his cause with the electorate . " Where Milan 's transfer policy appears to differ from many of their rivals is their apparent willingness to sign players that come with "  baggage " , be it big egos like Ibrahimovic , a party-loving image like Robinho and Ronaldinho , or the media frenzy that surrounds Beckham . It has lead to criticism that Berlusconi is ultimately overseeing a short-term policy that sums up his own personality , rather than encourage the long-term success and growth that signing younger , less well-known , players could bring . Pavoncello believes there is a reason for this . "  Berlusconi 's successes have straddled politics , sport and the media . He brought commercial satellite TV channels into people 's homes and likes the glamour that these big stars bring to him and his team . "  The fact that some players might have suspect temperaments will not be a concern to him . He just wants to win and win for the present . Do n't forget he is not a young man . He wants to be around to see Milan win the big trophies and by signing these players it is the best way to achieve that success . "	Robinho is the latest big-name player to be signed by Italian giants AC Milan The Brazilian striker joins Zlatan Ibrahimovic at the San Siro for this season The signings come as Silvio Berlusconi 's popularity is on the wane in the opinion polls Some commentators believe the Milan owner uses the club to boost his political popularity
CNN  -- Spain 's controversial , and highly restrictive , new abortion law is now before Parliament , with approval looming . If passed this would mean that abortions will be permitted in only two circumstances : rape , and risk of "  lasting harm " to the mother 's health . The move would effectively reverse the abortion law of 2010 , which permitted abortion on request in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy , and up to 22 weeks where there was serious risk of fetal anomaly . Contrasting view : ` No unborn child is unworthy of legal protection ' The widespread opposition , both within Spain and elsewhere in Europe , indicates that the Popular Party 's interest in the abortion law is not underwritten by a wider public and political desire to restrict abortion access . Throughout most countries in the developed world , with notable exceptions such as the Republic of Ireland , women 's need for abortion is recognized by law and provided for through services , which are often publicly funded . But the Spanish situation provides a shocking reminder of how quickly things can change in a country -- and the extreme consequences this can have for women . Back in 2004 , a British newspaper wrongly accused British Pregnancy Advisory Service  BPAS  of referring women to Spain , when they were "  too late " to have an abortion in Britain . The reality was that doctors in Spain were , at that time , legally able to provide abortions at later gestations than the 24-week "  time limit " permitted by British law . In the extremely rare cases where women were desperate to access abortion late in pregnancy , they would sometimes find that only a Spanish clinic was able to help them . The Spanish law of 2010 restricted abortions in later gestations , but did establish abortion on request earlier in pregnancy . Yet barely five years on , Spanish women find themselves effectively deprived of any ability to access abortion at any gestation . Will this mean that their need for abortion goes away ? Of course not . What it means is that Spanish women , like Irish women , will be forced to travel for care to Britain and other European countries . The Irish experience shows with heartbreaking clarity that when a nation makes abortion illegal , it does not prevent women 's need for abortion , or their determination to access safe procedures . Outlawing abortion simply sends the issue overseas , increasing the financial and emotional cost to women and , of course , the gestation at which they are able to access a termination . Politicians in the 21st century must accept that abortion is a necessary back-up to contraception , and that it should be a woman 's private and personal decision that she is able to make according to what she thinks is best for her and her family . It is a travesty that abortion is included in the criminal statute in so many countries -- including Britain . As a moral matter it should be for a woman to decide in line with her values ; she should be allowed to take responsibility for life and choose what she thinks is best . As a medical matter , if should be regulated like any other medical procedure . This point was put very nicely by the London Times in December 2013 , in a leading article challenging the new Spanish law . "  To bring the criminal law into an issue of women 's health and conscientious reflection is an abuse of government power , " argued this establishment newspaper . "  A constitutional society does not intrude into areas of personal judgment that most citizens consider fall within the authority of the family . Social engineering is the practice of autocratic governments . " Spain is heading towards a self-made mess . We know from the situation in the Republic of Ireland , and Northern Ireland , what the consequences of its new law are likely to be . The lesson for other governments is that they should stay out of women 's personal decisions . "  Nosotras Decidimos , " proclaim the Spanish women 's organizations protesting against their inhumane new law -- "  We Decide . " Throughout Europe , organizations such as BPAS will be standing behind them , and providing the services that these women need . But how much better it would be if they could access this care at home - as , until so recently , they could . Read more : 2009 -- Spanish Parliament approves abortion bill The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ann Furedi .	Spain 's proposed abortion law would restrict abortion to rape victims or women who would suffer lasting harm It would effectively reverse a 2010 law allowing abortion on request for the first 14 weeks Ann Furedi says Spanish woman would have to travel to other countries for terminations Furedi says women should be able to make a decision in line with their own moral values
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- An estimated 10,000 Argentines marched on the historic Plaza de Mayo in the capital , Buenos Aires , on Wednesday to demand more anti-crime measures , reflecting a top priority among Argentines , according to recent polls . Graciela Lopez takes part in the march on Wednesday . Her 16-year-old son was killed by a drunk driver in 2007 . There were other anti-crime marches throughout Argentina on Wednesday night , as well . At least three police officers have been killed in Buenos Aires in recent weeks , and other high-profile crimes have grabbed the nation 's attention . An employee of Argentina 's most famous TV talk-show host , Susana Gimenez , was killed last month . That prompted Gimenez to call for the return of the death penalty . The death penalty was outlawed in Argentina in 1984 , a year after the country 's military ended its seven-year dictatorship , during which some 30,000 people were killed . Organizers used the Internet to mobilize people , setting up a Web page asking Congress to declare a national security emergency , and creating a Facebook page for the march . More than 106,000 people signed up as "  friends . " Those gathered in the Plaza de Mayo -- many carrying photos of their dead loved ones -- asked their leaders to act against rising crime . "  We need to scream loud , so our president can hear us . All social classes are being affected by this crime wave . There needs to be sanctions for those responsible for this insecurity , " said Graciela Lopez , 43 , whose 16-year-old son was killed by a drunk driver in 2007 . A small-business owner who was robbed in November echoed Lopez 's sentiments : "  The police patrol cars hardly ever pass by . We are surrounded by delinquents . Our kids ca n't even take the bus to school without being worried about being assaulted . We are here to ask the government to get aware of what is happening to us , and that our president finds an answer for this insecurity , " said Liliana Peyrera , 41 , who owns an ice cream shop in the Buenos Aires suburb of La Tablada . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has been criticized for not focusing enough on crime . Her justice minister has defended the government 's efforts , saying Argentina has one of the lowest murder rates in South America . "  The government -- from the president to the senators to the judges -- they need to comply and uphold the laws that exist . We do n't need new laws ; we need to prosecute people that break the law , " said Jorge Quiroga , 62 , a mechanic who attended the march with his wife .	Buenos Aires rally is largest of various anti-crime protests across Argentina At least three police officers killed in recent weeks Argentina 's president has faced criticism for not doing enough to combat crime
CNN  -- Six males potentially exposed to radioactive material stashed inside a stolen truck were examined at a Mexico hospital on Friday , a day after authorities said they 'd recovered all of the potentially deadly substance . All six tested at Pachuca General Hospital were negative for radiation poisoning , Hidalgo state health official Jose Antonio Copca said . They were released around 6:10 p.m.  7:10 p.m. ET  , the state 's health agency said in a statement . After their release , the six were to be interrogated by authorities to determine if they were involved in the theft of cobalt-60 , said Jose Luis Manjarrez , a spokesman for Mexico 's Attorney General 's office . The six live near where the dangerous material had been , though Copca said only one showed symptoms such as nausea and headaches consistent with radiation poisoning . They were taken to Pachuca General , in the state capital of Hidalgo , by federal police officers , according to the state health agency . Earlier Friday , the state-run Notimex news agency quoted Copca as saying the six -- ages 16 , 22 , 24 , 25 , 37 and 38 -- had apparently come into contact with or otherwise been in the vicinity of cobalt-60 about 12 hours after the truck containing it was stolen Monday in Tepojaco . News of the hospitalizations first surfaced on Twitter . That came after Mexican authorities announced they recovered all the radioactive material . But officials have n't said yet if those responsible for taking it have been caught or even identified . The missing vehicle , along with most of the missing radioactive element used for medical purposes , was located in a remote area in Hueypoxtla about 40 kilometers  25 miles  from where it was taken . All of the radioactive material was accounted for in that same area early Thursday evening . Mexican authorities told the International Atomic Energy Agency that the truck , which was transporting the material from a hospital in Tijuana to a radioactive waste storage center , was stolen Monday . Tepojaco is located some 55 kilometers north of Mexico City and 48 kilometers from Pachuca . The container holding the cobalt-60 was found about a kilometer  half a mile  from the truck and had been opened , said Juan Eibenschutz Hartman , head of Mexico 's National Commission for Nuclear Security and Safeguards . There was less than 40 grams  1.4 ounces  of the hazardous material inside the capsule . The Hidalgo health agency said Friday that residents of Hueypoxtla and surrounding areas do n't face any significant health risks due to the material , assuming they did n't contact it directly . Where are the thieves ? Authorities -- who have said they expect that the thieves will turn up to get medical treatment for possible radiation exposure -- have not announced explicitly that anyone has been caught . But the Notimex article detailing the hospitalizations did state that a 25-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy are in federal police custody . The report did not say why they 'd been detained , only that the Interior Ministry will soon have more details . Nor was there an indication whether the two were among those hospitalized in Pachuca , the capital of Hidalgo state . The attorney general office 's organized crime division is investigating the case , according to Manjarrez . He added that the driver of the stolen truck continues to cooperate with authorities . Cleanup Authorities are guarding the area and have set up a 500-meter  550-yard  perimeter around it near the city of Hueypoxtla , Eibenschutz said . They are evaluating whether any residents were exposed , but none has tested positive for radiation , according to the civil protection office . Cleaning up the area could take weeks , he said , because they do n't have robotic equipment they would need to quickly collect the dangerous cobalt . They 're coming up with a plan and considering asking for help from the International Atomic Energy Agency , the United States or Canada . An early theory is that the thieves were unaware of what exactly they had taken . "  At the time the truck was stolen , the source was properly shielded , " the IAEA said . "  However , the source could be extremely dangerous to a person if removed from the shielding , or if it was damaged . " But Eibenschutz said the truck was n't properly set up to transport the radioactive material , since it did n't have a GPS for tracking or other necessary equipment . Uses for cobalt-60 Cobalt-60 is used in radiotherapy and in industrial tools such as leveling devices and thickness gauges . Large sources of cobalt-60 are used to sterilize certain foods , as the gamma rays kill bacteria but do n't damage the product , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . If released into the environment , the radioactive material can harm people . And experts consider cobalt-60 one of the "  candidates " for making dirty bombs . Bombs made with cobalt-60 "  pose a threat mainly because even a fraction of a gram emits a huge number of high-energy gamma rays ; such material is harmful whether outside or inside the body , " according to a 2011 report by the Congressional Research Service . In a speech last year , the IAEA director warned that such a dirty bomb "  detonated in a major city could cause mass panic , as well as serious economic and environmental consequences . " Preliminary information suggests that the thieves did not know what the truck 's cargo was when they stole it , said Jaime Aguirre Gomez , deputy director of radiological security at the National Commission for Nuclear Security and Safeguards . The shielding that protects the cobalt-60 is designed so that the radioactive source is difficult to extract , Aguirre said . The casing is designed not to be opened or perforated easily . The theft The truck and its cargo went missing early Monday after the driver of the white 2007 Volkswagen truck and an assistant had stopped to rest at a gas station , local prosecutor Marcos Morales said . About 1 a.m. Monday , a man armed with a handgun knocked on the passenger window . When the passenger rolled down his window , the gunman demanded the keys to the vehicle , Morales said . Both the driver and his assistant were taken to an empty lot where they were bound and told not to move . They heard one of the assailants use a walkie-talkie type device or phone to tell someone , "  It 's done , " Morales said . Mexico alerted the IAEA to the theft , following international protocol , Aguirre said . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is assisting with the investigation into the stolen truck , Mexican authorities said . The U.S. government has sensors at border crossings and sea ports to prevent radioactive materials from entering the country . This includes large stationary sensors designed to scan vehicles going through land border crossings as well as pager-size devices carried by agents . Some of this equipment is sensitive enough that it has been set off by people who had recently undergone radiation therapy , according to a U.S. law-enforcement source . According to the Congressional Research Service report , in Thailand in 2000 , a disused cobalt-60 source was stored outdoors and bought by two scrap collectors , who took it to a junkyard where it was cut open . Some workers suffered burn-like injuries , and eventually three people died and seven others suffered radiation injuries , the report says . Nearly 2,000 others who lived nearby were exposed to radiation . CNN 's Ed Payne , Esprit Smith and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : The males tested at hospital ranged in age from 16 to 38 Federal police took the six to the Pachuca hospital , state health agency says Official : The six will be interrogated now that they 've been medically cleared Radioactive material in a truck was stolen this week , then recovered
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A white bus drives through Nairobi at midnight . It looks like the type tourists hire to drive out on safari but this one is stuffed with a gang dressed in black hoodies . They target Kenya 's political elite with a single message -- they are graffiti artists whose work likens their nation 's political leaders to vultures . "  We tried many other animals like the hyena but the closest animal that describes a Kenyan politician is the vulture . They prey on the weak , " says Boniface Mwangi , a Kenyan photographer and the group 's leader . Mwangi marshals his artists at a blank white wall next to a bank . A graffiti artist named Uhuru focuses a tiny projector onto the murky wall as Bankslave and Smokey spray the first black outlines . They put up traffic cones to make it all look a bit more official . Poverty tours : A learning experience or simply gawking ? But only a handful of glue-sniffing homeless wander over to look . Mwangi is an award winning photo-journalist who has shelved his journalism career , putting his successful commercial photography business at risk . He says the vulture art is making waves . "  We have been able to change the language of the country , now politicians are being referred to as vultures by the mainstream media . And that 's what we wanted that people can define the leaders for what they are . " A single moment he captured with his camera changed his life . "  There is one memorable photo , " he says . "  I saw a girl who had been shot and she looked like my sister . That broke my heart . " It was early 2008 and post-election unrest engulfed Kenya . Mwangi witnessed the unraveling of his country through a lens : In one image a couple stands over a dead man left on the side of the road in the rain ; in another , a moment just before the impact of a machete , and then a severed hand still grasping a makeshift weapon . His images were beamed across the globe and picked up by major newspapers . But after the awards ceremonies , the nightmares came . "  When I look back at my images , I can smell the fear and I can hear the screams . It happened in my country . Where I took the pictures , they are places that I normally go . So the images are a daily reality to my life , " he says . He adds the pain turned to anger then activism . "  I was forced by circumstance . There was too much silence . The problems are there and I face them everyday . I see them everyday . But there is no one doing anything about it . " Mwangi organized photographic road shows to remind people of the horror that the political violence caused . He says : "  I believe in the power of visual art and so photography was my tool but it can only do so much . But in graffiti there is enough space to play around with images and words and pictures that do n't exist . " He met up talented graffiti taggers working in Nairobi . At the time they were spraying images of Michael Jackson and Tupac . That has definitely changed . Replacing Kenya 's ` flying toilets ' On the white wall the image is coming together . It 's an acerbic take on Michelangelo 's "  Creation of Adam . " Jomo Kenyatta and Daniel Arap Moi , past Kenyan presidents , reach out to touch a gaggle of Kenya 's political brass . But instead of Michelangelo 's angels , they are portrayed as vultures . "  Axis of Evil " is sprayed in stark red writing above the group . Despite decades of corruption scandals implicating leaders and politically motivated flare ups , Transparency International , an NGO that works to expose corruption in government and business , says that not one senior politician has been brought to justice in Kenya . So the artists believe they are just drawing what Kenyans are already thinking . "  It is not like nobody knows what is happening , " says Uhuru , "  but I think the style we are using speaks a thousand words . We just do n't want to have the same violence last time . " The group has been harassed by police . And at least one senior politician has tried to buy them off , says Mwangi . They do n't favor any political group ; everyone is fair game , Mwamngi says . He wants to spark a ballot revolution . "  The power is in the vote . Four years ago we tried violence , It did n't work . So the power is in the vote . We want change . It can only come through the vote . And that is why we are doing the graffiti . "  Our whole idea is when you are going to work or when you are going home you see this big mural and you can have that conversation with yourself and you can ask yourself : ` are we that stupid , why do we still vote for these people ? ' " The film school in Kenya 's biggest slum	Artists use graffiti paintings to slam Kenya 's political leaders They liken the political class to vultures preying on the weak They say they want to spark ballot box revolution by making people think about their vote
CNN  As a noted memoirist and New York Times columnist who writes often about race , Charles Blow has spoken about the police killings of Michael Brown and Eric Garner , deaths that sparked a national debate over how police treat African-American men . On Monday , Blow wrote about another young black man 's encounter with police -- his son , who was allegedly held at gunpoint on the Yale University campus where he 's a student . Blow took to Twitter on Sunday , writing that he was "  fuming " after his son called to tell him what happened Saturday -- that he was walking out of the library when university police "  accosted " him and drew their weapons . Blow tweeted that his son was detained because he "  fit the description " of a suspect . Blow 's son was released , and Yale has said that the real suspect was found and arrested later . The columnist 's son was shaken . On Monday , Blow told CNN that his son is back in class and feeling better . "  He 's a good kid , and just wants to go to school . But one thing that he told me was really astute and worth sharing : he does n't want this story to only be about him , " Blow said . "  He realizes that there are other young people who have fewer privileges , less access and endure even greater traumas , but whose stories go unreported until something truly tragic happens . He wants the focus to remain on them . I could n't be prouder of him for having the wisdom to recognize that . " Sunday night , the columnist was incredibly angry after he says his son called him to explain what happened . " # I ca n't breathe and #blacklives matter , " Blow posted in a series of tweets . "  This is exactly why I have NO PATIENCE for ppl trying to convince me that the fear these young blk men feel is n't real #RacialBattleFatigue , " the columnist wrote in tweets that were shared hundreds of thousands of times . Yale released a statement Monday that said Blow 's son was detained in the vicinity of a reported crime , and that he closely matched the physical description of the suspect . "  Let us be clear : we have great faith in the Yale Police Department and admire the professionalism that its officers display on a daily basis to keep our campus safe . What happened ... is not a replay of what happened in Ferguson ; Staten Island ; Cleveland ; or so many other places in our time and over time in the United States . The officer , who himself is African American , was responding to a specific description relayed by individuals who had reported a crime in progress , " it read . The statement continued : "  Even though the officer 's decision to stop and detain the student may have been reasonable , the fact that he drew his weapon during the stop requires a careful review . " The school promised to share the results of that investigation with the broader community . On Sunday , Yale spokeswoman Karen Peart wrote in email that Yale police responded to an emergency call from undergraduates in a residential community on campus , saying that someone had "  entered their rooms under false pretenses , pretending to be looking for someone . " Students in the same community had been burglarized that week , Peart explained , and the police were looking for someone who was "  a tall , African-American , college-aged student wearing a black jacket and a red and white hat . " The real suspect was later found on an adjacent residential community , was arrested and is expected to face felony burglary charges , according to Peart . Blow declined Sunday to talk to CNN about the incident , but he gave a detailed account in his Times column of what his son said happened . When his son was leaving the Yale library around 5:45 p.m. Saturday , he saw an officer "  jogging " toward the entrance of another building across the grounds . Blow 's son recounted to his father that he started walking back to his dorm when he noticed a police officer following him and then speaking into his radio , saying , "  I got him . " The officer shouted , "  Hey , turn around ! " according to Blow 's recounting of his son 's story . The officer raised his gun and told the college student to get on the ground . Blow 's son , the columnist writes , dropped to his knees , raised his hand and laid down on his stomach . He was then asked for his name and where he went to school . The student answered , according to the columnist . Then the officer told him to get up , gave the student his name and told the student to call him the next day , according to the column 's retelling . Then Blow 's son said he got up and started to walk back to his dorm . According to Blow , his son told him : " ' I was scared . My legs were shaking slightly . After a few more paces , the officer , ` Hey , my man . Can you step off to the side ? ' " The student did as he was told . Then one officer asked him to turn around to get a better view of the jacket the student was wearing . The officer asked for the student 's name again and his ID . Blow 's son complied , according to the columnist . Then the officer held him longer , asking more questions , Blow writes . "  Now , do n't get me wrong : If indeed my son matched the description of a suspect , I would have had no problem with him being questioned appropriately , " Blow wrote in the Times . "  School is his community , his home away from home , and he would have appreciated reasonable efforts to keep it safe . The stop is not the problem ; the method of the stop is the problem . " Blow wrote that the dean of Yale and the university police chief have apologized to him . But he wants answers . "  Why was a gun drawn first ? Why was he not immediately told why he was being detained ? Why not ask for ID first ? What if my son had panicked under the stress , having never had a gun pointed at him before , and made what the officer considered a ` suspicious ' movement ? Had I come close to losing him ? "  Triggers can not be unpulled . Bullets can not be called back , " Blow wrote . "  This is the scenario I have always dreaded : my son at the wrong end of a gun barrel , face down on the concrete , " he added . "  I had always dreaded the moment that we would share stories about encounters with the police in which our lives hung in the balance , intergenerational stories of joining the inglorious ` club . ' "	Columnist Charles Blow tweeted that he was angry when his son was wrongfully detained at Yale Son described to his father , Blow writes , that an officer brandished his gun Yale confirmed that police were looking for a "  tall , African-American , college-aged student "
Americans are steadfastly opposed to sending U.S. ground troops to fight ISIS in Iraq and Syria , but an overwhelming number of people continue to support the U.S.-led airstrikes against the terrorist group , a new CNN/ORC International poll shows . While fewer than four in 10 Americans favor sending U.S. ground troops into a combat situation against ISIS , there is a widespread belief that such an action is inevitable , according to the poll . Only 24 % of Americans do not think the United States will send combat troops to battle ISIS , while 36 % say it is likely and another 39 % say it is somewhat likely . Count House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , as one of those people . Boehner said Sunday it may take U.S. boots on the ground to defeat ISIS , as he questioned President Barack Obama 's plan -- which includes airstrikes , training and equipping the Iraqi Army and moderate Syrian rebels -- to defeat the terrorist network . "  Listen , the President does n't want to do that , " Boehner said in an interview on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  If I were the President , I probably would n't have talked about what I would n't do . And maybe , maybe we can get enough of these forces trained and get them on the battlefield , but somebody 's boots have to be there . " Boehner later added that the United States might have "  no choice " but to put U.S. soldiers on the ground . "  These are barbarians , " Boehner said of ISIS in the ABC interview . "  They intend to kill us , and if we do n't destroy them first , we 're going to pay the price . " But Obama , in an interview that aired Sunday on CBS , continued to emphasize that U.S. combat troops will not be put on the ground , saying that the situation in the region is not a military problem , rather a political problem that leaders of those countries -- specifically Iraq -- need to address . "  This is not America against ISIL , " Obama said in the interview that aired on '60 Minutes . ' " This is America leading the international community to assist a country with whom we have a security partnership with , to make sure that they -- are able to take care of their business . " Even though Obama has said he will not place combat troops in the region , the United States does have military advisers on the ground training and helping the Iraqi army strategically as it battle ISIS . ISIS fighter says U.S. airstrikes are n't effective The formation of the international coalition of countries working with the United States to destroy ISIS is what appears to be giving Obama a boost of support from the American public for military action against ISIS . Seventy-three percent of Americans back the joint U.S. and ally airstrikes , but support drops to 50 % if the mission had been undertaken solely by the United States . Americans have a weary eye about one piece of the plan to defeat ISIS : arming the moderate Syrian rebels . While Congress approved legislation before it left for the campaign trail to allow for the arming and training of the rebels , only 42 % of Americans favor this action , and 54 % oppose it . Still , there is an undeniable belief among Americans that ISIS poses some level of threat to the United States , with 45 % describing it as "  very serious , " 23 % saying it is "  fairly serious " and 23 % noting that it is "  somewhat serious . " Since the President addressed the nation on September 10 to outline his plan to defeat ISIS , Americans appear more confident in his ability to address the situation . A CNN/ORC poll conducted before his speech showed that 37 % of Americans approved of how he was handling ISIS , but this number has now increased to 45 % . Overall , 46 % of Americans approve of how he is handling the general topic of terrorism , up five points from the CNN/ORC poll conducted earlier this month . Overall , the President 's approval rating remains constant from the previous CNN/ORC poll . Earlier this month , 43 % of Americans approved of how he was handling his job , while the new CNN/ORC poll shows that it ticked up one point to 44 % . Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director , notes that only 40 % of Americans believe the United States is at war with ISIS , which "  may explain why ... his job rating does n't reflect a ` rally effect ' that previous presidents have experienced during wartime . " In terms of the general mood of the country , 50 % of Americans say things are going well , while 49 % say it is going badly . On the five major general themes , Obama rates under 50 % : terrorism , 46 % ; ISIS , 45 % ; foreign affairs , 42 % ; economy , 42 % ; health care 42 % -- more signs that Obama could be more hurtful than helpful to vulnerable Democrats seeking reelection in November . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International , which interviewed 1,055 adult Americans , by telephone between September 25 and September 28 . The sampling error is + / -3 percentage points .	Fewer than four in 10 Americans favor sending U.S. ground troops in fight ISIS 73 % percent of Americans back the joint U.S. and ally airstrikes in Iraq , Syria House Speaker John Boehner says it may eventually take U.S. troops to defeat ISIS
CNN  -- Serena Williams is without peer in the modern women 's game and now she is on a par with two American tennis legends from the past . The world No. 1 clinched her third straight U.S. Open title at Flushing Meadows on Sunday and in doing so sealed an 18th career grand slam singles title , equaling the feats of both Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova , who became a naturalized American citizen in 1975 after defecting from Czechoslovakia . It may have been a case of when and not if Williams would reach the totals amassed by her feted compatriots in the 1970s and 1980s , but the 32-year-old is still finding the achievement hard to comprehend . " "  I do n't know . It just does n't seem right -- Chrissie , Martina , Serena , it 's like oh my goodness ! " Williams told CNN 's Rachel Nichols following her 6-3 6-3 win over Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki . "  It feels great because you hear these names growing up ... you do n't think about yourself like that , " Williams added . "  You just think , I want to work hard and do the best I can . Then you start chasing titles , then you start chasing legends and it 's just a great feeling . " A 17-year-old Williams won her first grand slam singles titles at Flushing Meadows in 1999 , beating Switzerland 's Martina Hingis to become the first African American woman to win a grand slam tournament since Althea Gibson in 1958 . Fifteen years on , Williams now has six U.S. Open singles titles to her name -- a feat only matched by Evert in the Open era -- to go with five titles at both the Australian Open and Wimbledon and two at the French Open . Success at this year 's final slam caps a season of highs and lows for Williams who has won six WTA titles so far this year but , until now , had struggled on the biggest stage . In January , Williams exited the Australian Open in the fourth round and followed it with shock second and third round defeats at Roland Garros and Wimbledon respectively . "  It 's been  a super crazy year -- I expect so much out of myself . So definitely the highs have been great . Getting the 18th  title  here at the Open -- I think it was fitting . " Williams will now be eyeing Steffi Graf 's Open era record of 22 grand slam singles titles . Read more : Serena Williams overpowers Caroline Wozniacki	Serena Williams reflects on record-equaling 18th grand slam title at U.S. Open Williams victory sees her match career totals of Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova World No. 1 is now four off Steffi Graf 's Open era tally of 22 grand slam singles titles
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When Meb Keflezighi visited the White House this week , shaking hands with President Obama and milling around with the rest of the U.S. Olympic Team , he had no medal to show off . And yet , he is undeniably a champion . Just over five and a half feet tall and less than 130 pounds , he is a running marvel who has shocked the Olympic community by putting American marathoners back in contention after many years of also-rans . And he 's 37 . "  I kind of fell into it by accident , " Keflezighi says with the broad , infectious smile that he carries everywhere . "  And now look at me . " Keflezighi 's journey to the running record books has been a long , amazing trip . When he was just a child growing up in the African nation of Eritrea , his family went on the run to escape wars at home . Landing first in Italy , they soon made their way to the United States where they found refuge , but Keflezighi also found himself a stranger in a strange land . He spoke virtually no English , his family had no money , and he was not a runner . He became one the day a gym teacher challenged his class to run a mile as hard as possible . Keflezighi took off chasing a good grade , and ended up clocking a dazzling 5:20 . "  I just ran as hard as I could to get an A because that 's what my parents expected of me , " he says , laughing at his youthful exuberance . Through high school and college , he grew more serious about running and much faster , capturing repeated NCAA championships . By 2004 , he was in the Olympics , winning silver in Athens , the first marathon medal for the United States since the legendary Frank Shorter in the 1970s . In 2008 , Keflezighi broke his hip while running in the Olympic trials and failed to make the team , although he still finished eighth . The next year he won the New York Marathon , the first American to accomplish that feat in almost 30 years . This year he became the oldest marathoner ever to win the U.S. Olympic trials , leading the team into London . There , he went out to lead early in a hot race , developed side stitches and fell back in the middle miles while the vaunted Kenyans and the Ugandan runner who would eventually grab gold surged ahead . Keflezighi seemed , as the race announcers had predicted , doomed to a top 20 finish at best . But even back in the middle of the pack , he was far from done . As the cobblestones ripped at his feet causing excruciating blood blisters , he pushed on . The other two Americans dropped out with injuries , and Keflezighi considered it , too . "  I did think of dropping out at mile 15 , but I said , ` That 's not my best . ' I said , ` We are going to represent our country best , and stopping was not our best . ' " Keflezighi started passing more and more runners . And shortly after the bronze medalist stepped over the line , unbelievably , here came Keflezighi , grinning , waving and streaking in for a fourth-place finish . He grabbed an American flag and held it high for the adoring crowd . His feet were so damaged he had to ride a wheelchair through the airport to board his flight home , but he 'd once again proven that he belongs among the greatest marathoners on the planet , something that virtually no other American runner has been able to say for decades . Like the title of his book , "  Run to Overcome , " suggests , Keflezighi has simply never learned to quit . "  I always say ` Run to win , ' and that 's the best I can do . " So while he brought no medal to the White House reception , at an age when many athletes have already retired , he brought something just as valuable : A fourth-place finish in a race that defied American mastery .	Olympic runner Meb Keflezighi escaped war-torn Eritrea as a child Keflezighi won silver in 2004 , first marathon medal for U.S. since 1970s This year he became oldest marathoner to win U.S. Olympic trials He finished fourth in the marathon in London
A tanning salon manager has filed a federal lawsuit against Chicago police , saying officers brutalized her and committed a hate crime during a raid at the business , then tried to cover up their alleged wrongdoings . The lawsuit says the incident was captured on store security video that shows one officer striking a handcuffed and kneeling Jianqing "  Jessica " Klyzek and another officer shouting racial slurs and threatening to have her killed . Klyzek , who is of Chinese descent and an American citizen , said in the lawsuit that she asked the officers to justify their actions . She said one officer replied , "  You 're not  expletive  American ! I 'll put you in a UPS box and send you back to wherever the  expletive  you came from ! " The lawsuit said that when Klyzek insisted she was indeed a citizen , the officer said , "  No , you 're not ! You 're here on our borrowed time ... . . And I 'll take this place and then whoever owns it will  expletive  kill you because they do n't care about you , OK ? I 'll take this building . You 'll be dead and your family will be dead . " The incident is being investigated by Chicago 's Independent Police Review Authority , Chicago police public information officer Adam Collins said . "  The alleged conduct and comments are reprehensible and completely intolerable in our police department , " he said . "  We have codes of conduct that apply to officers , and if the allegations are proven accurate , appropriate action will be taken . " The raid occurred July 31 , 2013 , at the Copper Tan and Spa . Police have said they conducted the raid because an employee offered a sex act to an undercover officer , reported CNN affiliate WGN . Klyzek said police falsified information in investigation reports and charged her with a crime , though the exact charge is not described in the lawsuit . A judge found no probable cause , and the charge was dismissed , the lawsuit said . Later , police went to a prosecutor , and a case was presented to a grand jury , with Klyzek being indicted for aggravated battery of a police officer , the lawsuit said . The charge was dismissed when prosecutors saw the video , the lawsuit said . Klyzek said she suffered abrasions on her head , neck , arms and legs . The City of Chicago and 10 police officers are named as defendants . Albuquerque police have ` pattern ' of excessive , deadly force , report says Former NYPD charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic vandalism	Tanning salon owner says Chicago police brutalized her She says they used racial slurs , threatened her Store security video captured the July 31 , 2013 , police raid Police have said a salon employee offered sex act to undercover officer
CNN  -- Is anybody out there ? For millennia , humans have gazed at the night sky , asking this question . That 's why scientists and NASA are eagerly searching for "  exoplanets " -- that is , planets that orbit around stars other than our sun . Last week NASA 's Kepler satellite reported the discovery of three Earth-sized exoplanets within the so-called "  habitable zone , " defined as the neighborhood of a star where liquid water -- essential for life as we know it -- can exist . In our solar system , only three planets lie in the sun 's habitable zone -- Venus , Earth and Mars . Planets too close to the star they orbit , like Mercury , are too hot for liquid water . Even Venus turns out to be too hot , thanks to a runaway greenhouse effect caused by its carbon dioxide-rich atmosphere . Planets farther from their star , like Jupiter , are too cold , at least on its surface -- although Europa , one of Jupiter 's moons , may have oceans of liquid water beneath an icy crust . 3 new planets could host life Say hello to the three new exoplanets : Kepler 62e and Kepler 62f orbit are the fifth and sixth planets orbiting the star Kepler 62 , and Kepler 69c is the third planet orbiting -- you guessed it -- Kepler 69 . All three are nearly the same size as our Earth . Kepler 62f has a diameter 40 % larger than the Earth 's . It orbits its star once every 267 days , very similar to the 225-day period of Venus . We do not know what Kepler 62f is made of but other exoplanets of a similar size are known to be rocky , so that 's the best guess for now . Kepler 62e is about 60 % larger than the Earth and is probably hotter because it lies at the inner edge of the habitable zone , in a 122-day orbit -- slightly longer than Mercury 's 88-day orbit . You can see a pattern : the shorter the orbital period , the closer the planet is to its star . For physics lovers , this follows directly from Newton 's law of gravity -- but that 's a lesson for another time . For now , I can tell you that one Mercury-year is 88 Earth-days , one Venus-year is 225 Earth-days , one Earth-year is 365 days , and one Jupiter year is about 12 Earth-years .  By "  year " I mean the time that a planet takes to orbit its star . By "  day " I mean the rotation period of the planet . What a "  day " or "  year " means clearly depends on the planet ! Since Kepler 62 is a cooler star than our sun , planets can orbit closer to it than the Earth can to our sun before overheating . In contrast , the third Earth-like planet , Kepler 69c , orbits a star very similar to our sun  that is , hotter than Kepler 62  . It is 70 % larger than the Earth and orbits Kepler 69 once every 242 days -- very like Venus . Debra Fischer , noted exoplanet hunter and my colleague at Yale , explained the significance of the discovery : "  The radii of these planets makes them the smallest ever detected outside the solar system . The host star is about a billion years older than our Sun , so it is intriguing to speculate about whether life might inhabit these planets . " We know from scientific studies on Earth that , given the right chemical elements and some energy , organic compounds form . Living organisms have been found even in apparently inhospitable regions of the Earth , like the driest deserts or Antarctica , or near thermal vents in the black depths of the ocean . With the right ingredients , it seems , life is nearly impossible to prevent . We do n't know for sure whether there is life on Venus or Mars . If there is , it 's unlikely to look like ET , canal-building aliens , or any other science fiction-type fantasy . Walking , talking aliens would have been visible decades ago to telescopes and rovers . But could there be intelligent life in another planetary system , in orbit around one of the 100 billion other stars in our Milky Way galaxy ? Could we communicate with them ? Could we visit them ? The Kepler satellite was designed to look for planets around each of about 100,000 stars . As of April 19 , 2013 , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory 's Planet Quest website reports 851 confirmed planets and 2781 candidates , totaling as many as 3,632 exoplanets . Most were discovered by scientists using Kepler data -- and a few were found by ordinary citizens analyzing Kepler data at planethunters.org . We ca n't travel to the nearest stars in a human lifetime -- such a journey would take tens of thousands of years with current technology . But we do have the technology to speak to distant civilizations . In fact , we 've been broadcasting television signals to the cosmos for more than 80 years . We have had the technology to explore space and to communicate over long distances for less than 100 years -- a tiny fraction of the few million years since the first humans , much less the 4.5 billion years since the Earth formed . So it is likely that any other technologically sophisticated civilization would be far more advanced than we . That means they probably could let us know they were here , if they wanted to . For now , we can keep sending our TV broadcasts , listening for their broadcasts and studying exoplanets for signs of life . Thursday , at a meeting of the NASA science advisory committee I serve on , NASA Associate Administrator for Science and astronaut John Grunsfeld finished his presentation by giving us a heads up about the exciting Kepler exoplanet discoveries . As he said in the press release , we are "  a bit closer to finding a place like home . It is only a matter of time before we know if the galaxy is home to a multitude of planets like Earth , or if we are a rarity . " After our committee meeting ended today , I asked one of the NASA audio-visual staff whether he had heard about the new exoplanets . "  Oh yes , " he answered , "  the ones in the habitable zone . " He asked whether life might exist on one of these planets , and whether we could visit them . Such ideas are why he is thrilled to work at NASA . People want to learn about life elsewhere in the universe . We want to visit those planets , to see what creatures live there , to compare to our own world -- to learn what is out there . Thanks to Kepler , NASA , dedicated scientists and curious citizens , we are that much closer to finding out . More space and science news from CNN Light Years The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	People have always wondered whether there 's life in outer space Meg Urry says last week 's announcement by NASA shed new light on the question Kepler satellite found three planets in zones capable of supporting life , she says Urry : We ca n't journey to such far off planets but we can try to communicate with far-away life
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A military judge Friday found Petty Officer Jonathan Keefe , one of three Navy SEALs accused in the alleged beating an Iraqi detainee , not guilty , a military spokesman said . Keefe was accused of dereliction of duty for not preventing abuse of a prisoner . The verdict comes a day after another of the other accused sailors , U.S. Navy Petty Officer 1st Class Julio Huertas , was found not guilty of dereliction of duty . Huertas was also charged with impeding an investigation by attempting to influence the testimony of another sailor . In graphic testimony delivered in Huertas ' court-martial earlier this week , the prisoner , Ahmed Hashim Abed , accused Keefe , Huertas and another Navy SEAL -- Petty Officer 2nd Class Matthew McCabe -- of beating him . Keefe had declined a jury and was found not guilty by a military judge , according to the military spokesman , Terry Conder , Public Affairs Officer for Joint Forces Special Operations Component Command . Huertas was found not guilty Thursday by a military jury . Abed is thought by U.S. authorities to be the mastermind in the slayings and mutilation of four U.S. contractors in Falluja , Iraq , in 2004 , one of the war 's most notorious crimes against Americans . Last January , a military judge ruled that the trials of Keefe and Huertas be held on a base in Iraq . McCabe , who is charged with assault , will be tried May 3 in Norfolk , Virginia . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Spokesman : Petty Officer Jonathan Keefe found not guilty in alleged beating of detainee The verdict comes a day after another of the other accused sailors was found not guilty Petty Officer 1st Class Julio Huertas , was found not guilty of dereliction of duty on Thursday Ahmed Hashim Abed accused 3 Navy SEALs of beating him in testimony this week
CNN  -- As Apple enthusiasts speculate over why pancreatic cancer survivor Steve Jobs wo n't appear at Macworld Conference & Expo this year , the CEO asks them to think differently about his health . Apple CEO Steve Jobs delivered keynote addresses in September 2008 , left , and in October 2005 , right . Addressing the "  Apple Community " in a statement , Jobs said his doctors think they have found the reason behind his weight loss : "  a hormone imbalance that has been ` robbing ' me of the proteins my body needs to be healthy . Sophisticated blood tests have confirmed this diagnosis . " But doctors unaffiliated with Jobs ' care say this "  hormone imbalance " could be a symptom of a slew of underlying conditions , including cancer or diabetes . However , any diagnosis based on this description and Jobs ' cancer history is purely speculative , experts say . Based on Jobs ' history of gastrointestinal problems , it 's possible his gastrointestinal system either is n't absorbing proteins or is losing proteins , said Dr. Kenneth Burman , director of Endocrinology at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , who is not involved in caring for Jobs . "  I suspect he 's referring to his gastrointestinal system and some of the hormones related to that , rather than more classic endocrine hormones , " which are associated with the thyroid , adrenal or pituitary glands , Burman said . While abnormalities related to those hormones may also lead to weight loss , they are not necessarily associated with pancreatic disease , he said . There is not enough information available to say how severe a gastrointestinal hormonal problem would be , he said . Others speculate the hormonal issue could relate to his cancer . Dr. Jeffrey Mechanick , clinical professor at Mount Sinai Medical Center , said a tumor in the pancreas would typically create an overproduction of hormones . Glucagon , a hormone produced in the pancreas , would lead to weight loss if produced in excess . "  In a patient whom a few years ago had pancreatic cancer , then progressive weight loss , then develops complications from the weight loss , it would be logical to associate his symptoms now with the previous cancer , " he said . But the weight loss is not necessarily cancer-related , and Jobs ' statement suggests that it 's not , said Dr. Andrew Lowy , chief of the division of surgical oncology at the University of California , San Diego 's Moores Cancer Center . Plenty of hormonal conditions , as well as diabetes related to cancer treatment , could be the reason , he said . Jobs , who co-founded Apple Inc. , first learned he had pancreatic cancer in October 2003 . He had been getting abdominal scans because of a history of intestinal problems , and a tumor appeared on one of them , Fortune reported last year . The growth was an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor , a rare form of pancreatic cancer that is operable , Fortune reported . While Jobs initially wanted to treat the tumor with a special diet and alternative therapies , he finally underwent a Whipple procedure , a painful but relatively safe operation , in July 2004 , Fortune reported . If Jobs had a recurrence of this tumor , and it was a functional neuroendocrine tumor , which produces problem-causing hormones , that would be one speculative explanation , Lowy said . But not enough information is available to say whether the tumor was the functional kind , he said . "  Is it possible that a cancer recurrence would result in weight loss ? Of course . He 's saying that 's not what he has , and so , I have to take him at his word . None of us know the truth except his doctors , " Lowy said . Rumors about Jobs ' declining health have been circulating for months , as his weight visibly dropped from one public appearance to the next . While Jobs ' keynote address at the Macworld Conference & Expo is usually the highlight of the Apple fan gathering , Apple announced in December Jobs would not appear this year and the company would no longer participate in the event after 2009 . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Doctors : Jobs ' "  hormone imbalance " could refer to several health conditions Cancer recurrence could explain weight loss Hormonal imbalance related to thyroid , pituitary or adrenal glands also possible Jobs will not appear at Macworld this year
EW.com  -- A pregnant Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi has moved out of the house . Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino has sworn off drinking . Deena Cortese and Jenni "  JWoww " Farley have committed to monogamous relationships . The wildest cast in reality TV is starting to seem downright ... grown up . What 's "  Jersey Shore " coming to ? "  They 're starting to take those next steps into adulthood , " says MTV 's executive VP of programming and head of production , Chris Linn , giving the network 's first interview about the sixth season of the reality megahit . "  What 's going to be different this season is how much their lives had changed . " Last week , the cast reunited in Seaside Heights after an 11-month hiatus . That 's the longest production break ever between "  Shore " seasons . After spending a few days in the "  Shore " house , last night Snooki made good on her threats to leave and moved next door . MTV notes it 's not the first time a cast member has exited the house during production . "  It 's not a prison , " Linn says of the "  Shore " house . "  I know she 's concerned about the perception of her being a pregnant woman in a party house . I think that 's a common experience among a group of friends when somebody gets pregnant . This is an opportunity to see how she deals with it and how the rest of the house deals with it . The show has always been about following what 's really happening in their lives . " "  Shore " executive producer SallyAnn Salsano , who 's currently on location at Seaside , says the production always has a back-up location in case there 's a serious meltdown at the main "  Shore " residence . But obviously the network and producers prefer to keep the cast under the same roof . "  The house is not the party , " Salsano says . "  It 's a free-standing , innocent object . It 's whatever the people do inside that 's the atmosphere that 's created . " Unlike recent years , only one season of "  Shore " is scheduled for production this year and MTV has a lot riding on it . Even after last season 's ratings dip , the series remains a basic-cable phenomenon , averaging 7.6 million viewers . MTV hopes the extended hiatus will result in an exciting season compared to , for instance , season 5 , which was shot back-to-back with Italy . "  The show has surprised us in the past and we 're super excited about this season , " Linn says . "  I would n't make any assumptions about what the season will do . " The executive says the network has been fully supportive of all the changes in the lives of its "  Shore " cast , even if it means less on-screen partying . "  I do n't think anybody expected Snooki to be the one to blaze that trail , but she is , and it 's going to change the dynamic with everybody else , " Linn says . "  She 's just as funny , if not funnier , than she 's ever been . " There have admittedly been some adjustments to accommodate Snooki 's pregnancy , he says . "  At one point they had talked about going skydiving , so she 's not going to be jumping out of a plane . " As for The Situation , who reportedly went to rehab for a prescription drug problem and is now swearing off alcohol , Linn notes , "  drinking was never a problem for him . He 's taking steps to be as healthy as possible and we support that . " Salsano likewise promises the upcoming season will be just as entertaining as in the past , just "  a different kind of entertaining . " So far on the set , there 's been plenty of joking around about Snooki 's pregnancy and Mike 's sobriety . Says Salsano : "  It 's like a high school sex-ed video gone insane . " See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	On "  Jersey Shore " Snooki made good on her threats to leave and moved next door "  They 're starting to take those next steps into adulthood , " says MTV 's executive VP Last week , the cast reunited in Seaside Heights after an 11-month hiatus
CNN  -- Chechen rebel leader Dokku Umarov claimed that he personally gave orders to attack the Moscow subway this week , according to a Chechen rebel Web site . Kavkaz Center , a Web site that regularly carries messages from the rebels , released a video in which Umarov said he was behind the Monday attacks . The attacks were revenge for what Umarov called a "  massacre conducted by the Russian occupants against the poorest residents of Chechnya and Ingushetia , " the Web site says . According to the site , the video was taped the same day as the attacks . The incident Umarov referred to is a February special operation by Russian forces , after which there were accusations of Russians killing innocent civilians . In the video , Umarov said the victims were simply gathering garlic to make a living . According to Russian officials , at least four civilians were killed during the special operation near the Ingushetian village of Arshty on February 11 . After investigating the incident , the officials admitted that it was "  the season to collect wild garlic " and civilians may have been doing just that despite requests for "  evacuation " from the area . The president of Ingushetia , Yunus-Bek Evkurov expressed condolences to relatives of the deceased and provided material support in the amount of 50 thousand rubles  about $ 1,700  for each family . The president noted that during the raid 18 militants were also killed . The attacks in Moscow , in which two female suicide bombers killed at least 39 people and wounded more than 60 others , were legitimate retribution for what happened in Chechnya , Umarov said in the video . He also promised "  new acts of vengeance " in Russia . Russians will no longer be able to simply observe the battles in the Caucasus , Umarov said . "  Therefore , the war will come to your streets , and you will feel it for yourselves and with your own lives , " he said in the video . Monday 's blasts tore through the Lubyanka and Park Kultury stations in central Moscow -- the female bombers detonating their explosives about 40 minutes apart , starting just before 8 a.m.  12 a.m. ET  . On Tuesday , Russian police released photographs of the two women suspected of carrying out the attacks . Special services were also seeking three suspected accomplices of the bombers , Russian state TV reported , citing Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov . They were hunting for a 30-year-old man from the Northern Caucasus who was seen on security cameras wearing dark clothes and a black baseball cap , and two women , aged 22 and 45 , both ethnic Slavs , who allegedly assisted the man , state TV reported . "  Our preliminary assessment is that this act of terror was committed by a terrorist group from the North Caucasus region , " said Alexander Bortnikov of the Federal Security Service , in reference to the investigation at one of the blast sites . The current round of the Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years , with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region . Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced by the fighting . Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas .	Chechen rebel leader claims he ordered attack on Moscow subway 39 people died in Monday 's attack at Lubyanka and Park Kultury stations in city center Two female bombers detonated their explosives about 40 minutes apart The current round of the Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years
Washington  CNN  -- The September 11 , 2001 , attacks have led to an intelligence community so large and unwieldy that it 's unmanageable and inefficient -- and no one knows how much it costs , according to a two-year investigation by the Washington Post . Ahead of the publication , many in the intelligence community worried that the stories would disclose too much information about contractors and the classified tasks they handle . The Post article that appeared in Monday 's edition says its investigation uncovered "  a Top Secret America hidden from public view and lacking in thorough oversight . After nine years of unprecedented spending and growth , the result is that the system put in place to keep the United States safe is so massive that its effectiveness is impossible to determine . " Washington Post : Top Secret America The Post investigation found that "  33 building complexes for top-secret intelligence work are under construction or have been built since September 2001 , " or the equivalent of nearly three Pentagons . "  Some 1,271 government organizations and 1,931 private companies work on programs related to counterterrorism , homeland security and intelligence in about 10,000 locations across the United States , " according to the Post , which added that an estimated 854,000 people hold top-secret security clearances . "  There has been so much growth since 9/11 that getting your arms around that -- not just for the DNI -LSB- director of national intelligence -RSB- , but for any individual , for the director of the CIA , for the secretary of defense -- is a challenge , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates told the Post last week . "  Look , we know the intelligence community grew significantly and quickly after 9/11 , " a senior administration official told CNN Monday . "  Some of it was inefficient . But we are looking at those inefficiencies . And remember , we have prevented attacks . " Acting National Intelligence Director David Gompert issued a statement saying the Post 's report "  does not reflect the intelligence community we know . " "  In recent years , we have reformed the  intelligence community  in ways that have improved the quality , quantity , regularity , and speed of our support to policymakers , warfighters , and homeland defenders , and we will continue our reform efforts , " he said . "  We provide oversight , while also encouraging initiative . We work constantly to reduce inefficiencies and redundancies , while preserving a degree of intentional overlap among agencies to strengthen analysis , challenge conventional thinking , and eliminate single points of failure . " The Post said its investigation was "  based on government documents and contracts , job descriptions , property records , corporate and social networking Web sites , additional records , and hundreds of interviews with intelligence , military and corporate officials and former officials , " most of whom requested anonymity . Although officials were concerned about the content of the newspaper articles ahead of publication , what troubled them the most was "  interactive " component of the series , which they said lists the locations where the CIA , the National Security Agency and the other agencies that make up the intelligence community have facilities . Many of those sites are not publicly known , some officials said . Officials worried about the security implications of such disclosures . As one person put it , "  these are targeted places to begin with . ... Mapping it out presents counterterrorism and counterintelligence concerns . " The officials say there have been discussions with the Washington Post to make changes in the website . It was not immediately known what , if any , changes were made , but an interactive map available Monday morning showed more than 2,000 government work locations and nearly 7,000 for private contractors . In two communications , officials asked the Post not to publish addresses , the senior administration official said Monday . There has been talk in Washington for some time that the Post was working on an investigative series on the intelligence community . But it 's only been in recent days that the deep concern of the intelligence officials has become more apparent . The newspaper said it took steps to allay public safety concerns . "  Because of the nature of this project , we allowed government officials to see the Web site several months ago and asked them to tell us of any specific concerns . They offered none at that time , " the Post said in a message posted on its website . "  As the project evolved , we shared the Web site 's revised capabilities . Again , we asked for specific concerns . One government body objected to certain data points on the site and explained why ; we removed those items . Another agency objected that the entire Web site could pose a national security risk but declined to offer specific comments . " The message from the Mission Support Center of the director of national intelligence that was obtained by CNN told contractors , "  Employees should be reminded that they must neither confirm nor deny information contained in this , or any , media publication . " It warned that foreign intelligence services , terrorist groups and "  criminal elements " might want to use the information . "  Specifically , we recommend that companies affected by this publication and website assess and take steps to mitigate risk to their workforce , facility and mission , " including "  re-enforcement of security and counterintelligence protections and steps to enhance workforce awareness . " Similar messages from the military and other agencies also went out . CNN 's Pam Benson , Barbara Starr , Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Acting national intelligence director insists there has been major reform U.S. intelligence community is so big its effectiveness ca n't be measured , newspaper reports More than 800,000 people have top-secret clearance America 's intelligence community lacks thorough oversight
Jerusalem  CNN  -- International leaders and top Israeli officials attended a state memorial ceremony Monday for Israel 's former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , who died last week . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair were among those at the official ceremony outside Israel 's parliament , the Knesset . Under bright sunshine , rows of mourners gathered around Sharon 's coffin over which the blue-and-white Israeli flag was draped . "  You never rested when in service of your people , when defending your land and when making it flourish , " said Israeli President Shimon Peres , who delivered a eulogy to Sharon at the beginning of the ceremony . A towering military and political leader , Sharon died Saturday after eight years in a coma . Peres , a friend and sometimes rival of Sharon 's , compared him to "  a lion , " saying he 'd contributed "  an unforgettable chapter " to Israel 's history . ' A complex man ' Wearing a skullcap and sunglasses , Biden sat alongside Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . In his speech , Biden praised the tenacity of Sharon , a divisive figure in the Middle East . "  Prime Minister Sharon was a complex man ... who engendered strong opinions from everyone , " he said . "  But like all historic leaders -- all real leaders -- he had a North Star that guided him , a North Star from which he never , in my observation , never deviated . His North Star was the survival of the state of Israel and the Jewish people , wherever they resided . " The memorial was followed by a funeral procession that included a stop in Latrun for a special meeting of the Israel Defense Forces and ended with a military funeral at Sharon 's Shikmim Ranch . Sharon was wounded in Latrun in 1948 during Israel 's war for independence . He was buried at the ranch in the southern Negev desert . Security was tight throughout . Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , spokesman of the Israeli military , said that two rockets fired from Gaza landed around Sha'ar Hanagev in southern Israel . He could not confirm the proximity of where the rockets landed to the funeral . There were no reports of injuries . ` One of the giants ' Thousands of people Sunday paid their last respects to Sharon as his body lay in state outside the parliament . "  He was one of the giants . He was very special , " said Ayala Weisel , who said she grew up learning of Sharon as a widely admired soldier who fought for his country . She was one of many mourners who shared memories of Sharon . Chaim Friedman , a tour guide , described Sharon as a decisive leader . "  He was known as the bulldozer because he got his way and he made things happen . He 's well respected for that , " Friedman said . "  Sometimes in Israel , you have to do it the straight way , or you have to find the other way to get things done , and he managed to do it . " Read more : Sharon 's life on the front lines A darker view But others have painted a darker picture of Sharon 's legacy . And the same decisions that made Sharon a controversial figure during his lengthy tenure as a military man and politician were back on display in the initial reactions to his death . These moments include his role as defense minister during the 1982 war in Lebanon . During that conflict , he was held indirectly responsible by an Israeli inquiry in 1983 for the massacre of hundreds of Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps . He was forced to resign . He also raised ire in the Arab world by encouraging Israelis to build settlements on occupied Palestinian land but later did an about-face and pushed for the historic withdrawal from settlements in the West Bank and Gaza , which were turned over to Palestinian rule for the first time in nearly four decades . "  We deal with the death of Sharon as an end for the crimes he committed against the Palestinian people , " said Isra Almodallal , a spokeswoman for Hamas , the Palestinian movement that runs Gaza . "  The biggest crime was the Sabra and Shatila massacre in Lebanon , and we deal with Sharon as a criminal person . " Read more : Five things to know about Sharon CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Jerusalem , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Kareem Khader , Mariano Castillo , Saad Abedine and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is buried at his ranch in the Negev desert Sharon added "  an unforgettable chapter " to Israel 's history , Shimon Peres says Joe Biden says Sharon was committed to the survival of Israel and the Jewish people Sharon is remembered for his controversial military and political career
HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- When Sean Dolan saw signs being carried by homeless people , he saw an opportunity . Timothy Edwards was homeless for years in Houston , Texas , until he started carrying "  Pimp This Bum " signs . He and his father wanted to drive people to a Web site , so they created PimpThisBum.com as a marketing tool and gave a homeless man a sign with the Web site 's address to hold while panhandling in Houston . Their idea worked . Visitors seeing the sign flocked to the site and in less than two months Dolan received $ 50,000 in donations and pledges through the site for the man , including a five-week alcohol treatment program donated by Sunray Treatment and Recovery based near Seattle , Washington . Watch how ` Pimp this bum ' saved man " "  We knew that the same campaign with a sincere appeal and a Web site like helpthehomeless.com would be ignored , " he said . "  We knew that if we insulted people 's sensitivity or appealed to their humor - on a subject as sensitive as this we would get their attention . " Kevin Dolan , with more than two decades of marketing and sales experience and his son , Sean , a Web-savvy college student with a small video camera and a passion for volunteer work , got the site off the ground with the help of Timothy Dale Edwards . He has been homeless and living under a busy Houston overpass for more than four years . The Dolans ' offer to Timothy Edwards would be a hard one for any homeless person to refuse : $ 100 cash per day guaranteed , perhaps even more if the campaign was successful . All Edwards had to do was carry a homemade sign advertising "  www.PimpThisBum.com " while he panhandled each day . For Edwards and his friends it was effortless -- they already carried signs reading , "  Homeless , Please help " or "  Hungry , Need a days work . " Watch Edwards describe "  I went through detox " " And the Dolans promised monetary donations that came into the Web site would go straight to Edwards . Those who visit can help Edwards directly by donating specific items to him : a cup of coffee , a ham sandwich , a razor , a newspaper subscription or even laser hair removal , karate lessons or a college education . Edwards welcomes the task and insists he is not being exploited . For him , the donations are a welcome change in his life . For years drugs and alcohol were his coping mechanisms , he says . He was told his father left the family when he was only 2 years old , and he says he 's always felt no one ever cared about him . But all that changed with the Dolans ' offer . "  This is just crazy enough to work , " Edwards said . "  I 'm drinking myself to death under a bridge . I 'm watching my friends die left and right , so what have I got to lose ? " Edwards said he has spent years learning whom to trust and how to survive on the street . He 's learned where it 's safe to sleep and how to panhandle when intersections "  are hittin ' . " Edwards sometimes rides the city bus just to stay warm and gathers a group of homeless friends together to rent a motel room just to be able to take a shower . He says homeless life is "  boring , and ... mentally unstimulating , " and he looks for ways to keep his brain "  active . " "  I try to read the paper . One lady came by and asked me if we needed something , so I said , ` Well , do you have a puzzle book ? ' Because we do crossword puzzles and Sudoku . " Edwards said . Looking back on how he got to this point is difficult . "  It 's a pretty drawn-out story . I 'd have to say it 's probably mostly my fault . ... I made a lot of poor choices , " Edwards said , his voice trailing . "  I was filthy . I just did n't feel human anymore . " With this new project , Edwards ' said , his life has new meaning . The name of the Web site means little to him . The Dolans have received national attention for their first collaboration , but they also know the site 's name is controversial . Edwards said he "  cracked up " when Sean Dolan proposed the name for the Web site . Not everyone thinks it 's funny . Homeless advocates and other critics argue the Dolans ' project serves little more purpose than exploitation . Advocate Michael Faenva , who runs a shelter in Dallas , said , "  In the end , this is n't a good strategy to address the problem of homelessness . ... It 's not a strategy that 's likely to bring help to very many . " Life has changed for Edwards since he began holding that sign . His first step was to shave his beard , mustache and head . The act "  was a symbolic act of change , and embracing the change and moving on to a new stage in my life , " Edwards said . His last drink was on March 10 , before flying to Seattle accompanied by Sean Dolan to begin the comprehensive alcohol treatment program . He has completed the one-week "  detox " program , and is now participating in five additional weeks of individual and group therapy classes . "  To everybody that thinks I am being exploited , I ask you to think again , " Edwards said . Sean Dolan is adamant : "  Tim is now a friend . " He describes the relationship as "  one of the most meaningful friendships I 've ever had . " Asked what does he say to the critics ? "  I tell them to donate ... and get on the Web ... just watch the outflow of support for Tim . " Edwards spends his rehab "  free time " each night participating in the Web site 's chat room , which is full of supportive messages like , "  We love u Tim ! , " "  Hang in there , " and "  Stay strong , people really do care . " Edwards has started a live nightly Webcast where he answers questions and thanks viewers for their interest and support . "  Rehab is a wonderful thing when you want it , " Edwards told CNN during a Webcast . But it 's also a lot of work . "  The hard part is the mental and psychological stuff , rediscovering myself , so to speak , getting in touch with my heart and my head , and trying to figure out how to deal with life . " Edwards also is getting a crash course on the Internet and hopes it will help him in applying for jobs . Edwards ' newfound Internet outlet also gave him another surprise twist . One of the site 's viewers happened to be a family member Edwards never knew . After being put in touch through the Web site 's creators , Edwards learned that his father had not left the family as he thought , but instead had been searching for him for almost 35 years . Edwards said he is learning more about that side of the family , and family members near Kansas City , Missouri , have become involved in looking for new opportunities and living assistance for him when he leaves Seattle . Kevin Dolan said the project has not only opened new doors for Edwards but also for others like him . The Dolans recently started financial paperwork to create a nonprofit organization , and they hope to duplicate the "  PimpThisBum.com " model in other cities . Two future "  participants " have already been identified in Houston ; one of them is a good friend of Edwards ' named John . On March 28 , Edwards will spend his 38th birthday in rehab . He calls the Dolans ' project "  a blessing . " He hopes to complete his treatment successfully , secure a job and find a home . "  I 'm tired of laying down , " he said . "  I 'm tired of giving up . ... This life is worth fighting for . "	Father-son team launch PimpThisBum.com as stunt to help homeless man Homeless man , Timothy Edwards , has received more than $ 50,000 in donations Edwards : "  To everybody that thinks I am being exploited , I ask you to think again " "  This is n't a good strategy to address the problem of homelessness , " critic says
Beijing  CNN  -- Nationwide outrage continued Monday in China over the government 's response to a deadly bullet train collision last weekend , even as operations resumed on the affected high-speed rail lines . A bullet train was struck from behind Saturday night by another train near Wenzhou in eastern Zhejiang province , killing at least 38 people -- including two American citizens -- and injuring almost 200 . The first train was forced to stop on the tracks due to a power outage and the impact caused six cars to derail , including four that fell from an elevated bridge . Although Chinese reporters raced to the scene , none of the major state-run newspapers even mentioned the story on their Sunday front pages . A user of Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , first broke the story and increasingly popular social media outlets then provided millions of Chinese with the fastest information and pictures as well as the most poignant and scathing commentaries . By the time the railway ministry held its first press conference more than 24 hours after the collision , the public had seen not just reports of passengers trapped inside dark trains or images of a mangled car dangling off the bridge -- but also bulldozers crushing mangled cars that had fallen to the ground and burying the wreckage on site . "  How can we cover up an accident that the whole world already knew about ? " said a defiant railway ministry spokesman Wang Yongping . "  They told me they buried the car to facilitate the rescue effort -- and I believe this explanation . " Wang was terse when reporters asked him to explain the fact that a toddler girl was being pulled out of the wreckage alive 20 hours after the accident -- and long after authorities declared no more signs of life in the trains . "  That was a miracle , " he said . Blaming lightning strike-triggered equipment failure as the cause of the accident based on preliminary investigation , Wang put on a brave face on the safety of China 's controversial high-speed rail . "  Chinese technologies are advanced and we are still confident about that , " he said . While some state media echoed Wang 's sentiment , many netizens questioned his every statement from the death toll to the cause and called him the face of a ministry mired in allegations of corruption and ineptitude . "  This land is a hotbed for the world 's most sprawling bureaucracy and most cold-blooded officials , " user "  chenjie " wrote on Sina Weibo . Netizens also dug up an old video clip showing the railway ministry 's chief engineer proudly telling state television in 2007 that China had developed modern technologies to ensure bullet trains never rear-end each other . The quick sacking of three top local railway officials in Shanghai -- who were in charge of the affected rail lines -- failed to placate the public , either . The announced new Shanghai railway chief prompted more scorn than applause , as the replacement -- the railway ministry 's chief dispatcher -- was once demoted for his role in another fatal train accident in 2008 that killed 72 people . In a user-generated opinion poll on Sina Weibo on the government 's handling of the accident , more than 90 percent of the 30,000 respondents chose the option "  terrible -- it does n't treat us as humans . " Now the world 's second-largest economy , and flush with cash , China has built the world 's longest high-speed rail network -- boasting more than 8,300 kilometers  5,100 miles  of routes -- in a few short years . The government plans to pour over $ 400 billion into rail projects in the next five years . The massive investment and rapid construction have long raised public doubts on the new lines ' safety and commercial viability . The skeptics ' voices became louder after the former railway minister -- a champion of high-speed rail -- was sacked for corruption early this year . Even the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed rail -- the ministry 's newest and proudest project -- has broken down several times since its much-touted launch less than a month ago . "  It 's not the faster , the better , " Sun Zhang , a railway professor at Tongji University in Shanghai and a long-time railway ministry consultant , told CNN last month . "  We have to take safety , economics and environmental impact into consideration . " "  Strategically we can talk about a great leap forward in the industry , but tactically we have to do things step by step , " he added . Back online , many users -- already jittery about safety in their daily life -- now view China 's high-speed rail , long considered a symbol of the country 's fast rise , as a metaphor of its troublesome approach to development . "  This is a country where a thunderstorm can cause a train to crash , a car can make a bridge collapse and drinking milk can lead to kidney stones , " user "  xiaoyaoyouliu " posted on Sina Weibo . "  Today 's China is a bullet train racing through a thunderstorm -- and we are all passengers onboard . "	China 's equivalent of Twitter becomes the main source of news as state media are slow to report the crash Chinese officials put a brave face on their response Ordinary people believe the railway ministry is corrupt and inefficient Chinese netizen : "  Today 's China is a bullet train racing through a thunderstorm -- and we are all passengers onboard "
CNN  -- As far as we know , there are no Saturnians on Saturn . There are no sirens on Titan nor large , monolithic stargates floating just outside Iapetus . And even if there were , they could n't see us . Not in much detail , anyway . We 're more than a billion kilometers away . But we 're going to wave and smile at them anyway . At least , that 's the plan hatched by NASA and "  The Day the Earth Smiled , " organized by Cassini Imaging Team Leader Carolyn Porco . On Friday , the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft -- serving humanity since 1997 and in orbit around the ringed giant since 2004 -- will take pictures of Saturn and its rings during a solar eclipse . Included in the images , though just the barest dot , will be our Big Blue Marble . Porco has high hopes for the extraterrestrial picture-taking , which will occur from 21:27 to 21:42 UTC .  That 's 5:27 p.m. to 5:42 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time in the United States , subtracting an hour for each time zone to the west . "  I hope , at the appropriate time , that you stop what you 're doing , go outside , gather together with friends and family ... and marvel at your own existence and that of all life on planet Earth , " she writes on her website . "  Then , by all means , rejoice ! " NASA has a catchier name for the image shoot . The agency is calling it "  The First Interplanetary Photobomb . " The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is asking viewers to "  wave at Saturn . " Hubble telescope spots blue planet where it rains glass Is there an astronomical point to such celebrating ? Well , NASA points out , it 's not like Earth is often photographed from the far reaches of outer space . "  Opportunities to image Earth from the outer solar system are rare , " the agency says in its "  Photobomb " press release . "  Since the Space Age began , there have been only two images of Earth from the outer solar system . " The space agency is going to snap images from the other side of the solar system as well . NASA 's MESSENGER spacecraft is in orbit around Mercury , and staffers "  realized Earth is coincidentally expected to appear in some images taken in a search for natural satellites around Mercury on July 19 and 20 , " NASA and JPL said in a press release . So MESSENGER will take photos at 7:49 a.m. , 8:38 a.m. and 9:41 a.m. EDT  11:49 , 12:38 and 13:41 UTC  on both days , NASA and JPL said .  Yeah , the Friday opportunity is gone , but you still have Saturday for the salute to Mercury . The release said that NASA was inspired , in part , by the Cassini team . And maybe the ultimate point of all this should be more existential , anyway . On Saturday , we 'll celebrate the 44th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing . Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin 's stroll on the moon 's surface is still considered one of the most amazing achievements in human history . As The Onion famously once said in a headline , "  Holy S *** , Man Walks on F ****** Moon . " We have n't been back to the moon since 1972 , but the steady stream of space images from NASA and others still has the ability to make us contemplate the sheer wonder of it all . So , what can it hurt ? Take a few minutes and smile and wave for Earth . You never know who might be watching . Read more : All the world 's gold came from collisions of dead stars , scientists say	Cassini leader , JPL urging Earthlings to smile , wave at Saturn Cassini spacecraft taking images of Saturn on Friday To be seen in small portion of the shot : our very own Earth
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors revealed a photograph Thursday that they say show an Amish man attacking another Amish man by attempting to forcibly cut his beard . The photo was submitted as evidence in the trial of 16 Amish men and women charged with federal hate crimes in connection with last year 's beard-cutting attacks in rural eastern Ohio . The trial started Monday at federal court in Cleveland with jury selection . To the Amish , a beard is a significant symbol of faith and manhood . The photo was recovered from a disposable camera that was used to document the attacks , which prosecutors say were ordered by Samuel Mullet Sr. , the Amish leader of a breakaway sect and one of the 16 defendants . Prosecutors did not identify the attacker or the victim in the photo in their court filings . If convicted , Mullet faces 20 years in prison , according to CNN affiliate WOIO in Cleveland . According to witnesses cited in a federal affidavit , Mullet "  forced extreme punishments " on anyone in his community who defied him , "  including forcing members to sleep for days at a time in a chicken coop on his property . " In addition , the affidavit alleges that , as the bishop of his Amish clan in Bergholz , Ohio , Mullet had "  acts of sexual intimacy " with married women as part of "  counseling " to "  cleanse them of the devil . " CNN has sought a response from Mullet 's attorney , Edward Bryan . Bryan has disputed the prosecution 's characterization of his client , according to The Cleveland Plain Dealer . "  They 're trying to create this perception he 's something he 's not , " Bryan told the newspaper . "  He 's not a wacky cult leader . He 's a decent , hardworking , caring man . " Usually , the Amish resolve disputes without involving law enforcement , but concerns that Mullet is operating a cult on his compound prompted some to report the beard-cutting incidents to police last fall . Myron Miller was held down by men armed with scissors and battery-powered clippers who cut off a chunk of his beard , according to a police report . Arlene Miller said she and her husband decided to report the cutting to police in hopes of preventing other people from being hurt , including Mullet 's followers , who "  need help , " she said . "  There 's a lot of lives being messed up down there . There 's a lot of people being abused and brainwashed , " Arlene Miller said . The Millers said that a fear of reprisal attacks prompted them and other Amish residents in rural eastern Ohio to lock their doors at night -- something unheard-of in Amish communities . Mullet 's sect is made up primarily of his relatives living on and around an 800-acre compound in a remote valley outside Bergholz , according to Jefferson County Sheriff Fred Abdalla . Prosecutors have said Mullet "  exerted control over the Bergholz community by taking the wives of other men into his home and by overseeing various means of disciplining community members , including corporal punishment . " Those accusations could play a key part in the trial against Mullet and his co-defendants . Last week , a federal judge ruled that witnesses can testify about Mullet 's alleged sexual activities at his compound in Bergholz , according to The Plain Dealer . When reports of the beard-cutting attacks surfaced last fall , they uncovered an ongoing split between Mullet 's sect and the larger Amish community in and around Bergholz , many of whom believe that Mullet is creating rules and punishments that do not fit with the broader Amish belief system . Aden Troyer said he was once part of the Mullet family compound . He married Mullet 's daughter , Wilma , and the couple had two daughters . Concerned about the way Mullet was "  ruling " his followers , Troyer said , he started making arrangements to move his wife and children out of the group . Not long after , Troyer said , Mullet began interfering with their marriage . Troyer said Mullet would ask women , including his wife , "  about their sexual relationships with their husbands . " "  That 's very atypical behavior for Amish to do that , " Troyer said . "  It 's unheard-of . "  In the Amish community , no one has jurisdiction over what goes on between a husband and wife , " he said . "  He 's the only guy and only leader that I know of that ever has gotten into an Amish couple 's married life . " Troyer divorced and left the sect in 2007 with full custody of his two daughters . CNN traveled to Mullet 's compound last fall before his arrest , and Mullet denied that he was running a cult . When asked about allegations that he orchestrated the beard-cutting attacks , he responded , "  Beard-cutting is a crime , is it ? " Asked about the accusation that he split up his daughter 's marriage to Troyer , Mullet responded , "  Maybe you should ask the people whose beards were cut about the marriages they 've split up . " He refused to elaborate . Abdalla , the sheriff , said last fall that he fears the situation could come to a dramatic conclusion . "  If I were to get a call right now telling me , ` Sheriff , they 're all dead in the community out there , ' it would n't surprise me , ' " he said . CNN goes inside the Mullet compound Amish leader a millionaire , can pay for attorney Hate crime charges filed in Amish beard cutting CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Federal prosecutors submitted a photo they say shows Amish attack In it , one Amish man is attempting to forcibly remove another 's beard It was one of several attacks that exposed a rift in Ohio 's Amish community 16 Amish men and women face federal hate crimes charges for the attacks
CNN  Noelle Velentzas , 28 , could n't understand why U.S. citizens like herself were traveling overseas to wage jihad when they could simply "  make history " at home by unleashing terrorist attacks , according to a federal criminal complaint unsealed Thursday . Velentzas and her former roommate , 31-year-old Asia Siddiqui , were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the United States , federal prosecutors said . Siddiqui is also a U.S. citizen . The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism . Siddiqui had repeated contact with members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , published jihad-themed poems in magazines affiliated with the terror group and possessed propane gas tanks along with instructions on turning them into explosive devices , the complaint said . One day , Velentzas pulled a knife from her bra and showed Siddiqui what do with it if attacked , according to the complaint . "  Why ca n't we be some real bad bitches ? " asked Velentzas , adding that people needed to refer to them as "  citizens of the Islamic State . " Velentzas and Siddiqui did not enter pleas when they appeared in federal court in Brooklyn on Thursday . They were held without bond and ordered to appear on May 4 . Thomas Dunn , attorney for Siddiqui , said outside court that his client intends to plead not guilty . "  She and I will address everything in court , " he said . "  We 're going to fight it out in court . " If convicted , the women face a maximum sentence of life in prison . In the past 18 months , the Justice Department 's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups . Of those cases , 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS . "  Given how the terrorist threat to the world is evolving , how the potential terrorist threat to our nation is evolving , homeland security is becoming a matter of ` hometown security , ' " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday . "  The terrorist threat is more decentralized , more diffuse , more complicated . It involves the potential lone wolf actor , it involves the effective use of social media , the Internet . " In December , Velentzas and an undercover agent discussed the shooting deaths of two New York City police officers who were ambushed in Brooklyn . The shootings demonstrated how easy it is to kill a cop , she said . "  Killing a police officer is easier than buying food , " she is quoted as saying in the complaint , "  because sometimes one has to wait in line to buy food . " When the undercover agent later pointed out that more than 25,000 officers had gathered for the funeral of one of the cops , Officer Rafael Ramos , Velentzas complimented the agent for "  coming up with an attractive potential target " for a terror attack , the complaint said . Velentzas and Siddiqui repeatedly expressed support for violent jihad , the complaint said . They praised successful and unsuccessful terror attempts against Americans . "  As alleged , the defendants in this case carefully studied how to construct an explosive device to launch an attack on the homeland , " Loretta Lynch , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York , said in a statement . "  We remain firm in our resolve to hold accountable anyone who would seek to terrorize the American people , whether by traveling abroad to commit attacks overseas or by plotting here at home . " In 2009 , Siddiqui wrote a poem in a magazine published by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula that urged readers to wage jihad . She declared there is no "  excuse to sit back and wait -- for the skies rain martyrdom . " Prosecutors said the women "  researched and acquired " components for a car bomb such as the one used in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , a fertilizer bomb such as the one used in the 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City and a pressure cooker device such as the one used in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing . Velentzas described the late al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden as one of her heroes . She kept a photo of bin Laden holding an AK-47 as the background image on her cellphone , the complaint said . There were more opportunities of "  pleasing Allah " by engaging in jihad on American soil , she said . In February , Velentzas and the undercover agent drove past a Home Depot in Queens . Velentzas laughed about once having told a Home Depot employee that she was having a barbecue when she was looking for propane . "  Some women like to look at clothes , " the complaint quotes her as saying . "  I like to look at electric equipment . " In a statement , Islamic Circle of North America said Velentzas was formerly homeless and provided shelter by the relief organization . "  She stayed for a short period of time between 2008 and 2009 , " the statement said . "  While she was staying in our shelter , our staff helped her get on her feet . During this time she successfully completed studies to become a home health care provider after which she became gainfully employed . She left the facility when she married . " Velentzas appeared to have experienced hardship in her life but was "  working towards self-development and long-term stability , " the statement said . "  She also appeared to be someone who had greatly benefited from the assistance ICNA Relief provides through our shelter system , so we asked her to speak about the experience of our shelter . She appeared at several fundraisers and was the subject of videos as well . " Ashley Chung , a neighbor in Queens , said Velentzas had a young daughter and lived with her husband . "  She 's a very friendly woman and I would never even expect that at all , " Chung said when asked about the allegations . "  They 're very lovely people . ... It 's so crazy how you live next to someone and you have no idea what they 're up to . " Thursday 's arrests are part of a series of cases being built by the federal government . Last month , an Army National Guard member and his cousin were arrested in Illinois and accused of conspiring to provide material support to ISIS , federal prosecutors said . The alleged plot included a plan to attack a U.S. military installation in Illinois . Spc. Hasan Edmonds , 22 , was arrested last week at Chicago Midway International Airport while attempting to travel to Egypt to eventually join ISIS , according to Assistant Attorney General for National Security John P. Carlin and other federal officials . His cousin , Jonas "  Yunus " Edmonds , 29 , was arrested at his home in Aurora , Illinois , in connection with an alleged plot to carry out an armed attack on an unspecified U.S. military facility in northern Illinois where Hasan Edmonds had been training . The two U.S. citizens were charged in criminal complaints filed in U.S. District Court of the Northern District of Illinois with one count each of conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization . In February , three New York men were arrested and accused of a failed attempt to join ISIS in Syria , prosecutors said . Abror Habibov , 30 , who operated kiosks at malls along the East Coast , was arrested along with Akhror Saidakhmetov , 19 , and Abdurasul Juraboev , 24 , in connection with an alleged failed attempt by the two younger men to join ISIS in Syria .	Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui are arrested in connection with a plot inspired by ISIS Thursday 's arrests are part of a series of cases being built by the federal government
CNN  -- An Australian mining magnate has commissioned a Chinese shipyard to build a replica of the ill-fated Titanic , complete in every detail but equipped with modern technology to prevent a repeat of the original 's fateful maiden voyage 100 years ago . Clive Palmer , a Queensland mining billionaire with strong links to China , told Australian media that he had signed a memorandum of understanding with CSC Jinling Shipyard to build the ship . He said construction of the luxury cruise ship would begin next year and the ship would be ready to sail in 2016 . "  It will be every bit as luxurious as the original Titanic but of course it will have state-of-the-art 21st century technology and the latest navigation and safety systems , " he said in a statement . The new vessel is due to make its maiden voyage from London to New York in late 2016 . The cost of the construction of the new vessel has not been revealed , a spokesman for Palmer told Australian media . "  Of course , it will sink if you put a hole in it , " Palmer said at a press conference . "  It is going to be designed so it wo n't sink . But , of course , if you are superstitious like you are , you never know what could happen . " The original Titanic -- the largest ship of its type at the time -- sank 100 years ago this month when it struck an iceberg on the night of April 15 , 1912 , on its maiden voyage from Southampton to New York . More than 1,500 people perished in the disaster , which captured the popular imagination . The ship had been vaunted as "  unsinkable . " The mining magnate from Queensland owns a luxury resort on Australia 's Sunshine Coast and plans to build a fleet of luxury liners .	An Australian mining magnate plans to build a replica of the Titanic Construction is to begin next year in a Chinese shipyard He says the ship will be every bit as luxurious as the original The Titanic sank in 1912 on its maiden voyage , leaving more than 1,500 dead
CNN  -- She has been dreaming about this day for as long as I can remember . Ever since she was small , my daughter Lilach has fantasized about her wedding day . It took her a while , but it 's finally becoming reality . At the age of 32 , she has found the man with whom she wants to spend her life . He was born and raised right here in Nirim , Israel , the same kibbutz where she was born . They have known each other all their lives , but since they are two years apart , they never really paid much attention to each other as they were growing up . All this makes it all the more special . Our lives on the border with Gaza , in the western Negev Desert of Israel , are always tumultuous . There are times of running for shelters and explosions too close for comfort . But never has it been this sensitive , this close , this personally painful . Think about your own life . What is the worst thing that could happen to wedding plans ? The caterer could suddenly go bankrupt ? The weather could turn bad ? Can you imagine having to worry that a rocket could blow up during the reception ? Or planning for the prospect of a "  red-alert " rocket-warning siren going off in the middle of the vows , sending family and friends scrambling in a panic for cover ? This close to the border , we have no more than 15 seconds to make it to a shelter before the mortar explodes . This is our reality . The planning of the wedding , which has been going on for months , is an event Lilach had been working up to -- on one level or another -- for most of her life . The decision to marry here , on our kibbutz , by the pool , made my heart soar . They have been working on their plans painstakingly , doing much of the work on their own . They scrimped and saved , and had friends pitch in to decorate jars with lace and paint the wall at the amphitheater at the pool , all in order to prepare a simple , low-key , beautiful wedding . It was meant to be on their own terms , on their own turf . The place where they both were born ; the place where they want to settle down and raise a brood of their own . See more wedding stories at CNN Matrimony The wedding is set for the end of this week . Invitations have gone out and loved ones have RSVP 'd . The caterer is set and the dress has been bought . Tables and chairs have been ordered . Their ceremony has been planned to the letter , with their friends and loved ones playing the leading roles . In short : everything is in place , all systems "  go . " The only thing is , given the events of the past few days , we literally have to go . We must move the venue , because there is no way we can risk endangering the lives of our guests . The current situation has escalated at a terrifying rate and we can not take the risk . The wedding is now going to be held in Ga'ash , about an hour and a half away from the original venue . It is a beautiful , safe place in the middle of the country -- if there really is such a thing as a safe place here in this tiny land . They wanted a Friday evening wedding , to be married at sunset . It will now be in the afternoon because of logistical limitations . The victory of finding a safer location is bittersweet : there have not been any weddings on Nirim for years , and this was going to be a very special , symbolic occasion for our community as well as for our family . The ironic truth is that , of all my children , Lilach was the only one terrified of living here on the border with Gaza . She has suffered from nightmares and fears , refusing to walk around after dark on her own . This despite the fact that there is practically no crime in this community where everyone knows everyone else . She , of all the children , is the one child I never would have dreamt would be settling on Kibbutz Nirim to raise a family . Any of my other children ? Maybe . But not Lilach . She was just too deeply certain that terrorists would infiltrate the kibbutz and pop up right under her window . For years she searched , trying to find life elsewhere : in the United States for a while , in the center of Israel -- anywhere but on the border with Gaza . Until she came back and fell in love with a man who wants to live no place else but here . Instead of celebrating the wedding of her dreams , we found ourselves confronted with the nightmare of having to find a secure location , and the additional significant expenses involved in moving the celebration to a safer environment . But we have taken those lemons and turned them into formidable lemonade . This is life on the border with the Gaza Strip : peaceful and welcoming most of the time , but occasionally , a battlefield with sirens and explosions . Occasionally a place where we hear bombs instead of wedding bells . Read more by Adele Raemer on CNN iReport . Any opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Adele Raemer .	Adele Raemer asks , what is the worst thing that could happen at a wedding ? Caterer not showing up ? Rainy weather ? For her daughter , it 's a bomb blast at the ceremony . Share your own personal essay with CNN iReport .
CNN  Barcelona 's chances of winning the Spanish league where dealt a huge blow Saturday as they were beaten 1-0 by Malaga at the Camp Nou Stadium . A mistake by Barcelona defender Dani Alves in the eighth minute allowed Juanmi to fire Malaga in to the lead , a lead they maintained relatively comfortably . The defeat left them in second place just a point behind behind Real but with their Madrid rivals still to play its one game in hand . Much of the talk before this weekend 's round of fixtures surrounded the effectiveness of MSN versus BBC ; acronyms for the players that have been pivotal in attack for Barcelona and Real Madrid this season . Messi , Suarez and Neymar for the former ; Benzema , Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo for the latter . Up until the start of the year , Real Madrid 's strike force had dominated . But since the start of 2015 Barcelona 's new look triumvirate has thrived . Lionel Messi has scored 14 goals alone , two more than the entire Real strike force , whilst Neymar has bagged ten goals , and Suarez four . But the three players were surprisingly subdued and had no answer to Malaga 's resolute defending . "  We 're used to these kind of games . I 'd like it to be an accident but it is becoming habit , the opposition close up and we ca n't find a way through , " Barcelona boss Luis Enrique told AFP after the game . "  These kind of results are sometimes a good reminder that other sides have their qualities . You could consider this a deserved defeat . " The result ended a superb run of form for Barcelona , who had won their last 11 matches in all competitions and scored 42 goals in the process . "  They scored and shut up shop , " added a frustrated Sergio Busquets . "  They let us use the ball out wide and we tried , but the final ball was n't there and we did n't create clear cut chances . " Real Madrid can go four points clear of Barcelona on Sunday when they play Elche .	Barcelona beaten at home by Malaga Messi , Suarez and Neymar strangely subdued Real can got four points clear Sunday
CNN  -- If anyone 's going to be the last man on Earth , then Will Smith seems like an ideal candidate . Will Smith plays the survivor of a plague in "  I Am Legend . " Cool and athletic , focused and unflappable , he 's not someone who 's going to give up on humanity just because the odds are stacked against him . Even at several billion to one , he 's still adamant he can fix this thing . A third movie version of Richard Matheson 's classic sci-fi novel "  I Am Legend " has been on the table at Warner Bros. for a long time . In the '90s , Arnold Schwarzenegger talked about following in the footsteps of Vincent Price and Charlton Heston  remember "  The Omega Man " ?  . Smith is such a different type , it 's odd to think that he 's taken over this mantle . In fact , he 's scored consistently well in sci-fi , from "  Independence Day " through "  Men in Black " and "  I , Robot , " and there 's no reason to suppose the tense , scary "  I Am Legend " wo n't continue that impressive box office run , even if the movie itself flags on the last lap . The opening could n't be sharper . A television news report hails a medical breakthrough -- a viral cure for cancer , no less . Cut to New York three years later : abandoned cars , no one in sight , grass growing waist-high around Times Square . Something has gone very , very wrong . Smith is Robert Neville . The cover of Time on his fridge door pictures a "  Soldier . Scientist . Savior ? " but that hanging question mark is well chosen , and we divine that his immunity is pure chance . He 's not quite alone . Neville patrols Fifth Avenue in his Mustang with Sam , a German Shepherd  also immune to the airborne virus  , broadcasting into the void , then returning home to his Washington Square townhouse to put up the shutters before nightfall . That 's when the "  Dark Seekers " venture out : feral , contaminated people with a rabid appetite for flesh but no pupil dilation reflex to protect them against sunlight . By now , anyone who caught "  28 Days Later " or last year 's sequel "  28 Weeks Later " may be experiencing deja vu -- in fact , if they called this movie "  2.8 Years Later " it could pass as the third installment in the series with very little tweaking . Which is not to downplay the special frisson of seeing the Brooklyn Bridge ripped across the middle , for example . Wisely dispensing with the Luddite rhetoric that bogged down "  The Omega Man , " "  I Am Legend " does n't have much time for Neville the soldier . While Chuck Heston dedicated himself to exterminating the albino hordes , Will Smith starts out firmly on the other end of the kill-or-cure scale . At the same time , the film suggests his self-sufficient scientific rationalism is not enough . By day 1,001 he 's on the point of suicide -- which is when the movie gets God in the comely intervention of born-again Alice Braga . If the last half-hour feels thrown together , "  Constantine " director Francis Lawrence mostly makes a virtue of the lean script , getting in and out quick , suppressing those inevitable nagging questions  are cockroaches immune ?  , always stressing Neville 's solitary isolation . So often , sci-fi is overproduced , but "  I Am Legend " does n't look like a CGI extravaganza . It looks like an edgy suspense movie shot on the fly in New York City after the fall . And because of that , it 's all the more effective . "  I Am Legend " is rated PG-13 and runs 100 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here . E-mail to a friend	Three years after a medical breakthrough , something is wrong in New York Will Smith is cool and unflappable as he takes on flesh-eating mutants Version of Richard Matheson 's sci-fi novel flags at the end but mostly good
CNN  -- Real Madrid have fired Manuel Pellegrini as manager , paving the way for Jose Mourinho to take over . The Spanish club 's president Florentino Perez said Mourinho has agreed personal terms and will be appointed once he has negotiated an to end his contract with Italian champions Inter Milan . "  It 's not been an easy decision to reach but we 're 100 percent behind the need for a change , " Perez told a press conference in Madrid . "  We 're very happy that Jose Mourinho will be the man to take over the reins of Real Madrid for the coming years - he 's won everything possible . "  We want to have the best person in every position out on the pitch and in the dug-out - we want to sign one of the best managers in the game . " Mourinho has said he wants to join Madrid after leading Inter to a treble of Champions League , Italian league and cup last season . Inter president Massimo Moratti said Tuesday that he was resigned to losing the Portuguese coach to the nine-time European champions . Pellegrini , 56 , paid the price for failing to win a trophy in his only season in Madrid . Real finished on 96 points , three behind champions Barcelona , and went out of the Champions league in the last 16 . Mourinho previously won the Champions League with Porto in his native Portugal and two English Premier League titles at Chelsea . In Madrid , he will seek to become the first manager to win the European Cup with three different clubs .	Real Madrid have fired Manuel Pellegrini as coach and are set to appoint Jose Mourinho Mourinho must be released from his contract at Inter Milan before he can move Real president Florentino Perez describes Mourinho as "  one of the best managers in the game "
CNN  It might sound like a Vin Diesel movie , but tennis authorities in Australia are hoping that the FAST4 format , which debuted Monday with an exhibition match between world No. 2 Roger Federer and former Wimbledon and US Open champ Lleyton Hewitt , could "  revolutionize " the sport . That contest ended in the Swiss star 's favor , beating his old friend and rival 4-3 2-3 3-4 4-0 4-3 at Sydney 's Qantas Credit Union Arena . This new version of tennis , which marks some of the most significant rule changes in the sport 's history , consists of the best-of-three sets with quick changeovers and sudden-death playoffs to prevent tiebreaks from dragging on . The first player to four games wins the set . "  Playing Roger in this new format will be an exciting challenge for both of us and a lot of fun , " said Hewitt ahead of the match . "  It 's a fantastic innovation for tennis , and one that I hope will take off . " The Australian roadshow will decamp to Melbourne next , with Spanish superstar Rafael Nadal taking on three opponents in separate matches Wednesday . First he 'll line up against former US Open finalist Mark Philippoussis before taking on current US Open junior champion Omar Jasika , finally playing a best-of-five match against compatriot Fernando Verdasco . New game , new rules Billed as tennis ' answer to cricket 's TV-friendly Twenty20 , the two formats share more than just a catchy approach to branding . Both take a fast-paced approach to sports that , for the uninitiated , could be considered soporific . Cricket traditionally takes five days to play a Test -- international -- match , and men 's singles tennis can last for hours , or in some rare cases , days . Players will also have to hurry during end-changes , as there are no seating breaks and they get a scant 90 seconds to sit in between sets . A couple of more fundamental rule changes , including the removal of the service let rule -- that requires a server to retake their service if the ball hits the net cord -- and the removal of the advantage point . In FAST4 , the receiving player gets to choose which side the serve -- for a sudden death "  power " point -- is directed to at deuce . Faster , glitzier tennis FAST4 promises to provide some of the extravagance and glamor that , the majors aside , some evidently feel is missing from the sport . Proponents hope that the truncated timeframe -- each set is supposed to last no more than 15 minutes , with games typically not lasting for much longer than an hour -- will allow for a greater number of people to find the time to play tennis . "  The new format is a game changer and is set to revolutionize the game of tennis , particularly at club and social levels , " Tennis Australia ' s chief executive officer Craig Tiley said . "  Time today is precious and this new fast format is perfect for any player who wants to fit their tennis matches into a busy lifestyle . " Tennis Australia high performance coach Craig Morris added : "  Our long term objective in creating a product like FAST4 tennis is to attract more people to the sport , and get more people to play tennis . "  There 's no plan to replace traditional tennis , this is a great complementary product that is entertaining for fans and fun to play . " It 's not the only innovation that the sport is toying with . The International Premier Tennis League , "  the first city-based professional league in the world , played across four countries , " debuted in November in 2014 .	New , quicker format debuts in Sydney Shorter matches , new time-saving rules and shorter changeover times promise to jazz up the sport
To some , Memorial Day marks the start of summer . But to veterans and their families , Memorial Day is one of the most difficult and hallowed days of the year . A time to reflect on our fallen heroes and to think of survivors of wars gone by . Lost , injured or home safe and sound , our military and veterans communities are facing grave challenges that deserve national attention . Yet , as this Memorial Day approaches , stories about Benghazi , the IRS , and the Department of Justice 's seizing the phone records of AP and Fox reporters are taking up almost all of the focus in Washington . After the Memorial Day observances conclude and before Washington returns to business as usual , we need to ensure we are doing right by those who have served to protect our nation . On Memorial Day , nearly 900,000 veterans have disability claims pending with the Department of Veteran Affairs , including almost 600,000 veterans who have been waiting for more than 125 days for a response . Those figures represent a more than 613 % increase since President Obama 's first inauguration in 2009 , when 85,000 veterans were in the backlog for more than 125 days . VA benefits were put in place to support service-disabled veterans who , as a result of their injuries , need health care and financial support . But our men and women returning home now are n't getting that support . They 're asking for help , but so many are not getting it . There 's been some recent movement in the right direction . Since March , the VA has decreased the backlog by 3.2 percent , according to the IAVA 's analysis of Veterans Benefits Affairs reporting . That the backlog has been reduced for six consecutive weeks is a positive development and reflects the VA 's new urgency to fix the backlog problem with new initiatives . Yet , to eliminate the backlog by its public goal of 2015 , the VA must do far better . Veterans need the aggressive leadership and decisive action of Obama , who has been silent on the backlog , to bring the backlog down to zero . This is something that 67 senators and a bipartisan group in the House are calling for , along with more than a dozen veterans service organizations . The president rightfully displayed prompt leadership in responding to another critical issue for service members : military sexual trauma . A Pentagon report released in early May revealed that an estimated 26,000 cases of sexual assault occurred last year , a one third increase over the previous year . Additionally , during this past month , three officers responsible for leading sexual assault prevention efforts have been embroiled in sexual misconduct cases themselves . News interactive : 100 faces , 100 hours -- Remembering the fallen These incidents have served as a wake-up call for all Americans . We ca n't ask our fellow citizens to put their lives at risk for us if they 're not safe themselves . A group of lawmakers , led by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , is proposing new legislation to combat this problem . The Military Justice Improvement Act would remove oversight of sexual assault cases from the chain of command and allow victims to report their assaults to an independent prosecutor . This is an important piece of legislation that is quickly gaining bipartisan support and should be implemented immediately . It 's sensible and can help change the military 's culture for the better . This Memorial Day , we also must continue our work to prevent suicides among those who served . The numbers are sobering : according to Army reporting , 109 active-duty and reserve servicemen and women have taken their own lives this year . Among all veterans , 22 veterans commit suicide every day . That 's 22 veterans . Every day . Despite what we know about veterans ' suicides , a recent report from the VA inspector general 's office found that about a third of veterans considered to be at high risk for suicide do n't receive the recommended follow-up care after they 've been discharged from VA inpatient mental health care . That is unacceptable . We must continue to push for an expansion of programs that connect veterans to mental health resources while also fighting to erase the stigma that prevents many veterans from seeking mental health care in the first place . Ensuring that our service members are thoroughly evaluated and properly diagnosed is crucial to ensuring that they 'll be able to cope with , and overcome , the physical and mental injuries they may have sustained while serving our country . We need the country to get behind us if we 're going to take care of these men and women who have taken such good care of our country . The president 's leadership is essential , but he needs a battalion to lead . #GoSilent with veterans this Memorial Day and ask a friend to do the same . Hold hands with your family at 12:01 p.m. ET and teach your kids why you 're doing it . Thank the next person you see in uniform . And when Memorial Day is over , join our effort to ensure that our elected officials stand with us and take meaningful steps to support veterans and their families . Honor our men and women who have paid the ultimate sacrifice by doing right by their brothers and sisters among us .	Paul Rieckhoff : Memorial Day most difficult , hallowed day for veterans and their loved ones They serve their country , yet 900,000 veterans have disability claims pending with the VA He says lawmakers , president taking needed action on big jump in sexual assault in ranks Rieckhoff : High rate of suicide among veterans requires urgent increase in prevention efforts
SAN FRANCISCO  CNET  -- Google plans to unveil a service called Google Voice on Thursday that indicates Google wants to do with your telephone communications what companies such as Yahoo have done with e-mail . Google unveils a phone service Thursday in which the search giant acts like a phone middleman . Google Voice , the new version of the GrandCentral technology Google acquired in July 2007 , has the potential to make the search giant a middleman in an important part of people 's lives , telephone communications . With the service , people can pick a new phone number from Google Voice ; when others call it , Google can ring all the actual phones a person uses and handle voice mail . The old version could let people centralize telephone services , screen their calls , and listen to voice mail over the Web . But the new version offers several significant new features , though . Google now uses its speech-to-text technology to transcribe voice mail , making it possible to search for particular words . Gmail 's contacts now is used to instruct Google Voice how to treat various callers . And Google Voice now can send and receive SMS text messages and set up conference calls . Existing GrandCentral users should get the option to upgrade Thursday , and Google plans to offer it to the public after "  a number of weeks , " said Craig Walker , product manager of real-time communications and head of Google Voice . As interesting as the service itself , perhaps , is that Google plans to offer it at no cost . Google is in the midst of a profitability push , trying to wring more money from existing sites , adding advertisements to properties such as Google Maps , Finance , and News that previously lacked them , and canceling many projects such as Google Lively that did n't pass financial muster . With Google Voice , though , the company is showing more of its earlier , more patient approach . "  Our goal is to be able to offer it to people for free , " Walker said in an interview at Google 's offices here . Asked what the revenue model is for Google Voice , he offered only an indirect answer : "  Let 's get a bunch of happy users engaged in Google properties and getting their voice mail through this . Google gets value out of having happy Google users . " Money is n't completely absent from the picture . The company does charge for international calls , and it would n't rule out advertising in the future . GrandCentral has appeared largely dormant from the outside since the Google acquisition , leading some to spotlight it as an example of a promising technology that was squelched by an acquisition . But , Walker said , there was plenty of work going on behind the scenes . "  In addition to innovation , there 's been a process of getting migrated and integrating with the Google infrastructure , " he said . One big possible difficulty for people could be the issue of changing phone numbers . People 's phone numbers can form a piece of their identity , in particular with home phone numbers held for years and number portability making it possible for people to keep their mobile phone numbers even if they change carriers . Even leaving aside the issue of the hassle of changing phone numbers , sharing your Google Voice number means committing your telephony to Google 's services . Another possible hitch is offering phone numbers that match where people actually live or work . Here , Google hopes to have things under control , though there were no numbers in the 415 area code for my test of the service . "  Our goal is to offer numbers to virtually everyone who wants to sign up . There are a finite number of numbers in the U.S. , but we have n't reached anywhere near depletion , " Walker said . "  We hope to have a pretty good footprint  for area code choices  so that people will have really good choices . " Google Voice , hands on Overall , I found Google Voice to be potentially useful , with the most compelling option the imperfect but still very useful transcription . The first promise of Google Voice is to simplify your phone communications . You do n't have to worry about which number to hand out to people , and if you 're sitting with your cell phone next to you home or work phone , you can choose which to answer . If you have the "  screen calls " option enabled , Google Voice will tell ask you if you want to accept the call or send the person to voice mail .  Google Voice asks first-time callers to identify themselves . In practice , virtualizing your profusion of real-world phone numbers with one that redirects is handy . You can set various preferences -- for example , calls from your family members get a custom answering message ; calls from your parents do n't ring your work number ; and calls from your spouse are answered directly when you pick up the phone rather than run through the Google Voice options such as answering the call , sending it to voice mail , or listening in on the voice mail . But I thought Google Voice 's most promising aspect is voice mail transcription . Today , voice mail is a something of black hole for me . It 's a pain to check , and I just tell people to send me an e-mail if they get my voice mail . When I 'm on the road or at home , I check my e-mail much more frequently than my voice mail . And e-mail means I have their contact information and a record that they contacted me , all in a handy form that shows up through search . Transcription brings some of these advantages to voice mail . Because Google Voice e-mails you the text as soon as it 's ready , you can quickly scan it to see if it 's important . That 's a lot less obtrusive than calling your voice mail system in the middle of a meeting . Also , reading the text lets you quickly home in on the caller 's phone number without having to wait through the whole message . On clever phones such as the Apple iPhone or T-Mobile G1 , the phone number is highlighted in the e-mail so you can click it to call back , too . However , the text-to-speech conversion is imperfect , to say the least -- for example , it thought "  Steve and Mary " was "  Steven Mary . " And here 's an amusing sample of one transcribed voice mail I left myself : "  hey i 'm just testing the grand central transcription service to see if it really can do a good tax to speech recognition and that they believe in bed that 's little voicemail and a web page because what would not be exciting what time you get in bed a voicemail on the web page . " The Web site uses bolder type for words it 's more sure of , so you can make better guesses about Walker said it takes roughly 30 seconds to translate a 30-second voice mail , which is pretty good turnaround . My timing test of a rambling , 1:45 voice mail took just almost exactly twice that time to show up translated in my inbox , though the voice version was available over the Google Voice Web site almost immediately . Shallow Gmail integration You do n't need a Gmail account to use Google Voice -- any Google account will do -- but if you have one , you can customize the system 's behavior for existing groups or individuals . When a message from an unknown number arrives , you can save it with the caller 's name through the Google Voice interface , and it will show up in your Gmail contacts , too . A "  contacts " tab at Google Voice borrows heavily on the Gmail contacts tab . However , Google left me wanting deeper integration . Where are Gmail 's filters and labels ? Google Voice is a big step toward the long-promised utopia of unified communications , but instead it presents me with a new inbox to check . When I asked Walker whether Google Voice would be unified with Gmail more thoroughly , he would n't say , but indicated it 's on Google 's to-do list . "  There are a host of things we 're working on , " Walker said . "  We want to get the core telephony from GrandCentral to Google Voice , to get that ironed out first . " Even where there is integration , for example with the Gmail contacts page , there are some shortcomings . For example , I have a Gmail mailing list for "  family , " and I doubt I 'm not the only one . My wife is a member of the list , but Google Voice by default opted to use the settings for its "  friends " category . Apparently the reason for the issue is that Google Voice is case-sensitive : it created its own "  Family " group , with an uppercase F , that has no members in it . Changing my existing group to "  Family " in Gmail merely created two groups with that name , so to work around the issue I copied all the "  family " members to "  Family . " I deleted the original to avoid the messy annoyance of keeping the two identical groups synchronized . Tussling with carriers ? Another interesting possibility , given Google 's Internet expertise and Google Voice 's Web-based interface , would be to offer direct calling using VOIP  voice over Internet Protocol  . Google Voice already has the potential to shift some of the customer relationship and valuable services from phone service companies to Google , and offering VOIP service would increase that potential . Walker would n't comment that possibility , though he did point out that Google Voice can work with the Gizmo VoIP service . For the regular public switched telephone network , people still have to spend money with AT&T , Verizon , T-Mobile , Vodafone , and others . "  The point was to allow your existing services to work better together , " Walker said . "  You have to come with your own underlying phones and services for it to work . "  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Google announces Google Voice , a phone service over the Internet The service offers "  speech-to-text " transcriptions of voice messages Head of Google Voice : company plans to offer service for free Public users sign up for service starting in "  a number of weeks "
CISHAN , Taiwan  CNN  -- Taiwan 's leader Ma Ying-jeou said Sunday he accepts responsibility for the government 's slow response after Typhoon Morakot slammed into the island killing at more than 120 people and unleashing floods , mudslides and misery . Mourners kneel and pray to the dead as they face the devastated valley of Shiao Lin . Ma , who has faced heavy criticism from victims of the disaster , ruled out resignation , insisting his government did its best in the face of difficulties , however he pledged an investigation into any irregularities . "  Certainly , I will take full responsibility whatever the blame is because , after all , I am the president of this country , " Ma told CNN , saying heavy rains grounded rescue helicopters in the first few days after the storm hit , delaying relief . "  Once the weather was good -- that is the 14th of August -- we were able to evacuate 2,518 people . It 's a record , " he said . Hundreds of people still await rescue in remote areas of Taiwan , where torrential downpours , dense fog , rugged terrain and raging rivers have hampered relief efforts . Washed-out roads and collapsed bridges have made some rescue operations impossible Touring disaster areas , Ma has been confronted by angry survivors , and even provoked a scuffle when he opened a weekend baseball game as protesters demanded he step down . Ma has offered apologies and promises to do better . "  We will find out not only to correct the mistakes but  also  to punish the people responsible , " he said . Rescue efforts were ongoing Sunday with military helicopters bringing stranded villagers to their waiting relatives . Watch rescue efforts in Taiwan " Others , waiting days in anguish for word on their loved ones , lashed out in anger . "  Local officials do n't care , " one man said . "  There are still people there and they do n't do anything . " On Saturday , weeping relatives of typhoon victims set up shrines near devastated villages to calm the spirits of the dead and honor the belief that their souls will return home after seven days . Watch mourners call home souls of the dead " Morakot hit the island last weekend , dropping 2.6 meters  102 inches  of rain . Before it roared on to mainland China on Sunday , the storm killed at least 123 people in Taiwan . The death toll could climb to more than 300 after more villagers buried by mudslides and floodwaters are found , Taiwan officials have said . Southern and central Taiwan were hardest hit by the storm . Mudslides inundated some places in the south , including the village of Shiao Lin , where 160 homes were lost . Authorities believe hundreds of people could be trapped under five stories of mud in the village . International aid efforts were mobilizing on Sunday , however these were complicated by diplomatic pitfalls in the face of China 's territorial claims over Taiwan , which it considers a renegade province awaiting reunification . The U.S. military has begun a "  modest " humanitarian aid mission to Taiwan with the dispatch of a Marine Corps C-130 cargo plane carrying plastic tarpaulins for shelter , U.S. defense officials said . Also Sunday , the USS Denver was en route to the Taiwanese coast with additional humanitarian aid and water purification capabilities , the officials said . The Navy ship is expected to arrive Monday , but officials could not say when it will launch its heavy-lift helicopters to drop the aid . Sources in Washington have said in providing aid to Taiwan , the United States must be sensitive to its territorial relationship with China . CNN 's John Vause in Cishan , Taiwan ; Pauline Chiou in Shiao Lin , Taiwan ; and Mike Mount in Washington contributed to this report .	Taiwan 's leader says he takes blame for slow typhoon response Ma Ying-jeou has refused to stand down over criticism Typhoon killed 123 people in Taiwan and left many thousands homeless
CNN  -- Ethiopia 's Deriba Merga forgot his Olympic disappointment when he won Monday 's 113th Boston Marathon ahead of Kenyan Daniel Rono and Ryan Hall of America . Deriba Merga celebrates after winning the men 's division of the 113th running of the Boston marathon . Merga , who faded in the heat of Beijing to finish fourth in the 2008 Summer Games , went clear before ` Heartbreak Hill ' and finished almost a minute clear in two hours eight minutes 42 seconds . Rono clocked 2:09.32 with Hall another eight seconds adrift and the only non-African competitor in a top 10 that included five Kenyans headed by Rono and with Robert Cheruiyot finishing fifth . Kenya 's Salina Kosgei took the women 's title by just one second in a relatively slow time of two hours 32 minutes 16 seconds -- with all the drama reserved for the last few strides . Kosgei outsprinted Ethiopia 's Dire Tune , who collapsed after finishing and required medical attention . Tune won last year in a similar sprint finish and was treated for several minutes before being taken to a local hospital as a precaution . American Kara Goucher , who led with a mile to go , faded and finished third in 2:32.25 with Bezunesh Bekele of Ethiopia fourth . The Boston Marathon is the oldest established race over the classic 26.2 miles  42km  distance and has been won over the years by many of the leading names in the sport . The famous ` Heartbreak Hill ' comes 20 miles  32km  into the race and often decides the final outcome .	Ethiopia 's Deriba Merga won Monday 's 113th Boston Marathon in 2:08.42 Kenyan Daniel Rono and Ryan Hall of America were second and third Salina Kosgei of Kenya took the women 's title from Dire Tune who collapsed
CNN  -- From a country which brought the world brands like Sony and Toyota , there 's another name that 's crept quietly to global prominence . Hello Kitty , the moon-faced cat with a bow in her hair and no mouth . Shintaro Tsuji , CEO of Sanrio , famous for its Hello Kitty brand , speaks in The Boardroom . She 's one of 450 characters developed by Japan 's Sanrio Group , but she 's by far most popular -- the embodiment of what 's known in Japan as Kawaii , or the culture of cute . Her image adorns some 50,000 objects , from cute , of course , to downright crazy . But there 's nothing cute about the numbers . Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio 's billion dollar annual turnover . Her creator and founder of Sanrio is the effervescent 79-year-old Shintaro Tsuji . He told The Boardroom 's Andrew Stevens what he thinks is the marketing secret behind a cultural icon . Tsuji : Selling something which people want to buy is one of the ways of doing business . But I thought , goods that I want are also something other people want . So we wanted to make goods which people want to send to somebody else as a gift . The idea is that goods are for social communication purposes and that has been accepted worldwide . In addition , to give Hello Kitty goods as a present is very thoughtful . Our three concepts of friendship , cuteness and thoughtfulness have been reaching out to people . It conveys the importance of being friendly . Such gestures are necessary for the Japanese nation . You care about other people by sending some gifts . Those concepts have been accepted worldwide . Stevens : My first question to you is Sanrio has developed something like 450 characters . Why it is Hello Kitty has stood out so much more than the others ? What is the secret of its success ? Tsuji : At first we were using characters which were created by outsiders , such as cartoonists or artists , but in this case we had to pay the royalty . So we decided to create our own characters . We hired many artists and asked them to create various characters . According to our own research , the most popular animal character was a dog then a white cat and the third one was a bear . Snoopy already existed as a dog character -- that 's why we went for the second most popular character . We asked the artists to design a character based on a white cat . Stevens : Let me just ask you a question about your life , growing up . Reading your autobiography , you lost your mother when you were 13 years old . You went to live with your auntie . And you describe your life ; your childhood , has been a quite lonely . How do you think that has shaped you in your business life ? Tsuji : I felt that the most important thing in your life is to have someone whom you can open up your heart to and talk about anything ; to have many friends whom you can talk with your heart is the most blessed thing in your life . Then I asked myself how can you make friends -- in what way people can make a friend with those people . That is not just to avoid behaving , which makes people uncomfortable . But do something , which makes people happy . In this way people can make friends . For example , when people are ill , you can say something to them , or when people did something for you , you say thank you to them . For those kinds of occasions , you send a small present rather than an expensive gift . It is important to show your appreciation since you are able to make good friends in this way . This idea has formed as a business . As a result , Hello Kitty was created . Hello Kitty has become known among everybody and it means that people are becoming friends . I am pleased with this phenomenon . Stevens : What , in your business career , is the most important lesson you think you 've learnt ? Tsuji : A good company means that , first of all , its sale increases each year and secondly it makes profits each year . This is what people call a quality company . But this is not my main concern . Obviously , a company should n't lose money . A company can not contribute to a society easily . But for me , it is important to establish a company , which has a good reputation . Stevens : Much easier said than done , how do you remain true to your original ideas , though , because there are so many pressures from shareholders among other people to make those profits ? Tsuji : The company shareholders actually say "  Make more profits or dividends . " But what I always say to them at the general assembly is that the shareholder should be someone who truly values my company and is proud of having my company 's share . According to newspapers , there are companies which make a profit by polluting the environment or breaking laws . But this is not acceptable by our standard . I bet the company staffs want to have an increase in the wages . But I want my staffs to be proud of themselves , in particular , when their children ask them where they are working . In my view , that is very important . Stevens : What advice would you give to someone starting out their own company in 21st century ? Tsuji : It is not only about making profits or establishing a huge corporation . A bigger country does n't mean a better country . Having a larger military capacity does n't mean a better thing . It will be ideal to establish a company which is a value to the world . It 's not just about the money . So I would say "  How about creating companies which people appreciate ? " E-mail to a friend	Shintaro Tsuji , CEO of Sanrio speaks to Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom Sanrio 's most famous character is Hello Kitty , a moon-faced cat Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio 's billion dollar turnover
Doctors make mistakes . They may be mistakes of technique , judgment , ignorance or even , sometimes , recklessness . Regardless of the cause , each time a mistake happens , a patient may suffer . We fail to uphold our profession 's basic oath : "  First , do no harm . " According to a 1999 report by the Institute of Medicine , as many as 98,000 Americans were dying every year because of medical mistakes . Today , exact figures are hard to come by because states do n't abide by the same reporting guidelines , and few cases gain as much attention as that of Rory Staunton , the 12-year-old boy who died of septic shock this spring after being sent home from a New York hospital . But a reasonable estimate is that medical mistakes now kill around 200,000 Americans every year . That would make them one of the leading causes of death in the United States . Why have these mistakes been so hard to prevent ? Here 's one theory . It is a given that American doctors perform a staggering number of tests and procedures , far more than in other industrialized nations , and far more than we used to . Since 1996 , the percentage of doctor visits leading to at least five drugs ' being prescribed has nearly tripled , and the number of MRI scans quadrupled . Certainly many procedures , tests and prescriptions are based on legitimate need . But many are not . In a recent anonymous survey , orthopedic surgeons said 24 % of the tests they ordered were medically unnecessary . This kind of treatment is a form of defensive medicine , meant less to protect the patient than to protect the doctor or hospital against potential lawsuits . Herein lies a stunning irony . Defensive medicine is rooted in the goal of avoiding mistakes . But each additional procedure or test , no matter how cautiously performed , injects a fresh possibility of error . CT and MRI scans can lead to false positives and unnecessary operations , which carry the risk of complications like infections and bleeding . The more medications patients are prescribed , the more likely they are to accidentally overdose or suffer an allergic reaction . Even routine operations like gallbladder removals require anesthesia , which can increase the risk of heart attack and stroke . So what do we do to be safer ? Many smart people have tackled this question . Peter Pronovost at Johns Hopkins developed a checklist shown to bring hospital-acquired infections down to close to zero . There are rules against disturbing nurses while they dispense medications and software that warns doctors when patients ' prescriptions will interact badly . There are policies designed to empower nurses to confront doctors if they see something wrong , even if a senior doctor is at fault . Interview with Dr. Sanjay Gupta on his novel What may be even more important is remembering the limits of our power . More -- more procedures , more testing , more treatment -- is not always better . In 1979 , Stephen Bergman , under the pen name Dr. Samuel Shem , published rules for hospitals in his caustically humorous novel , "  The House of God . " Rule No. 13 reads : "  The delivery of medical care is to do as much nothing as possible . " First , do no harm . One place where I have seen these issues addressed is in Morbidity and Mortality , or M and M -- a weekly gathering of doctors , off limits to the public , which serves in most hospitals as a forum for the discussion of mistakes , complications , deaths and unusual cases . It is a sort of quality-assurance conference where doctors hold one another accountable and learn from one another 's mistakes . They are some of the most candid and indelible meetings I have ever attended . I will never forget when one of our most talented surgeons operated on the wrong side of someone 's brain . The patient was bleeding internally ; everyone was rushing , and someone had hung up the CT scans backward . Thankfully , the patient survived . The distraught doctor spent hours throwing up after the operation . After he told the story in our M and M meeting , the hospital implemented a "  time out " protocol in the operating room for everyone to stop and agree on what operation would be performed , on what side of the body and whether the correct patient was indeed lying on the operating table , to make sure that kind of mistake would never happen again . At my first M and M as a medical student , I heard the story of a patient who had received antibiotics for an upper respiratory tract infection . Two weeks later she developed joint pain and blisters on her chest and arms , a condition known as Stevens-Johnson syndrome , which can be caused by an allergic reaction to antibiotics . She ended up with sepsis , a body wide infection , and spent two weeks in intensive care . She , too , survived , but most stunning was the doctor 's admission that her original ailment had been a mild viral illness -- she had n't even needed the antibiotics that led to such a terrible reaction . Years later , that case still makes me think harder about every test I order and every medication I prescribe . Hospitals are supposed to take care of the sickest members of our society and uphold the highest standards of patient care . But hospitals are also charged with teaching doctors , and every doctor has a first mistake . The only thing we can do is learn each time one happens , and reduce future errors in the process . Having a consistent gathering to talk about the mistakes goes a long way toward that goal , and just about any institution , public or private , could benefit from a tradition like M and M . It is not enough to stop the practice of defensive medicine , but when doctors are asked by their colleagues to justify the tests they ordered and the procedures they performed , perhaps they will be reminded that more is not always better . 10 shocking medical mistakes	Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Why is it so hard to prevent medical mistakes that kill thousands ? He says one theory is that doctors order so many procedures to protect themselves Each procedure creates a new opportunity for a mistake , he says He says "  morbidity and mortality " meetings give doctors a chance to learn from mistakes
CNN  -- A worldwide network of fraudsters conned thousands of people into buying fake golf clubs on eBay , a London court has heard . Ebay was hit by a massive worldwide fraud in counterfeit golf clubs . In allegedly the largest fraud uncovered by the online auction site , the counterfeit clubs , as well as clothing and other golf accessories , were sold "  on a scale , it is believed , has never been seen before , " prosecutors told Snaresbrook Crown Court . The mastermind behind the million dollar operation , Greg Bellchambers , from east London , has already admitted fraud and conspiracy . His six co-defendants , who deny playing a "  crucial role " in the plot , are said to have assisted Bellchambers in managing accounts and acting as distributors in the scam . Bellchambers sourced the "  below-par " clubs in China and then marketed them on eBay as the original top of the line brands . The fraud only came to light when a disgruntled customer complained to a local trading standards office in London about sub-standard Acushnet clubs and an investigation was launched . When Bellchambers ' home was raided , "  a large quantity " of clubs were seized , with all of them fake apart from those which belonged to the 45-year-old . Adam Davis , for the prosecution , said : "  Nearly every major golf brand has been affected by the sale of counterfeit goods through the eBay accounts . "  It is the belief of the fraud investigation unit at eBay that this case represents the single largest counterfeiting conspiracy yet uncovered on their Web site . " Prosecutors claimed that many other people were involved , but proceedings have not been brought against them as they live abroad or there is insufficient information to identify them . The trial of Bellchambers ' six co-defendants is expected to last three months . All deny conspiracy .	Fake eBay golf clubs scam left thousand out of pocket , court is told Nearly every major golf brand affected by worldwide fraud on online auction site Ringleader Greg Bellchambers has admitted fraud and conspiracy Six other co-defendants on trial for conspiracy at Snaresbrook Crown Court
CNN  -- Memo to Carly Rae Jepsen , Frank Ocean , Hunter Hayes , Mumford & Sons , Miguel , the Alabama Shakes and all the other young singers and bands who are nominated for Sunday night 's Grammy Awards : Your real prize -- the most valuable and sustaining award of all -- may not become evident to you until 30 or so years have passed . You will be much older . But -- if you are lucky -- you will still get to be out on the road making music . Many of Sunday 's Grammy nominees are enjoying the first wave of big success . It is understandable if they take for granted the packed concert venues and eye-popping paychecks . Those may go away -- the newness of fame , the sold-out houses , the big money . But the joy of being allowed to do what they do will go on . I 've been doing some work while staying at a small hotel off a highway in southwestern Florida . One winter day I was reading out on the pool deck , and there were some other people sitting around talking . They were n't young , by anyone 's definition . They did not seem like conventional businessmen or businesswomen on the road , or like retirees . There was a sense of nascent energy and contented anticipation in their bearing , of something good waiting for them straight ahead . A look completely devoid of grimness or fretfulness , an afternoon look that said the best part of the day was still to come . I would almost have bet what line of work they were in . I 'd seen that look before , many times . I could hear them talking . Yep . The Tokens  "  The Lion Sleeps Tonight , " a No. 1 hit in 1961  . Little Peggy March  "  I Will Follow Him , " a No. 1 hit in 1963  . Little Anthony and the Imperials  "  Tears on My Pillow , " a top 10 hit in 1958  . Major singing stars from an earlier era of popular music , in town for a multi-act show that evening . It is the one sales job worth yearning for -- carrying that battered sample case of memorable music around the country , to unpack in front of a different appreciative audience every night . It 's quite a world . I was fortunate enough to learn its ins and outs during the 15 deliriously unlikely years I spent touring the United States singing backup with Jan and Dean  "  Surf City , " a No. 1 hit in 1963  and all the other great performers with whom we shared stages and dressing rooms and backstage buffets : Chuck Berry , Martha and the Vandellas , Jerry Lee Lewis , Little Richard , the Everly Brothers , James Brown , Lesley Gore , Freddy "  Boom Boom " Cannon , the Kingsmen , the Drifters , Fabian , the Coasters , Little Eva , the Ventures , Sam the Sham . ... Jukebox names whose fame was once as fresh and electric as that now being savored by Sunday 's young Grammy nominees . Decades after that fame is new , the road may not be quite as glamorous , the crowds may not be quite as large . The hours of killing time before riding over to the hall , the putrid vending-machine meals on the run , the way-too-early-in-the-morning vans to the airport -- the dreary parts all become more than worth it when , for an hour or so , the singers can once again personally deliver a bit of happiness to the audiences who still adore their music . Greene : Super Bowl ad revives iconic voice As the years go by , the whole thing may grow complicated -- band members come and go , they fight and feud , some quit , some die . There are times when it seems you ca n't tell the players without a scorecard -- the Tokens at the highway hotel were , technically and contractually , Jay Siegel 's Tokens  you do n't want to know the details  . One of their singers  not Jay Siegel -- Jay Traynor  was once Jay of Jay and the Americans , a group that itself is still out on the road in a different configuration with a different Jay  you do n't want to know  . But overriding all of this is a splendid truism : Sometimes , if you have one big hit , it can take care of you for the rest of your life . It can be your life . Sunday 's young Grammy nominees may not imagine , 30 years down the line , still being on tour . But they -- the fortunate ones -- will come to learn something : They will grow old , but their hits never will -- once people first fall in love with those songs , the songs will mean something powerful and evocative to them for the rest of their lives . And as long as there are fairground grandstands on summer nights , as long as there are small-town ballparks with stages where the pitcher 's mound should be , the singers will get to keep delivering the goods . That is the hopeful news waiting , off in the distance , for those who will win Grammys Sunday , and for those who wo n't be chosen . On the morning after that pool-deck encounter in Florida I headed out for a walk , and in the parking lot of the hotel I saw one of the Tokens loading his stage clothes into his car . His license plate read : SHE CRYD I said to him : "  You sing lead on ` She Cried , ' right ? " "  Every night , " he said , and drove off toward the next show . The next show . That 's the prize . That 's the trophy , right there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Grammy nominated acts should remember the real prize comes later in life He says at a hotel he ran into a group of singing stars from an earlier era , in town for a show He says the world of post-fame touring less glamorous for acts , but meaningful Greene : Acts grow old , but their hits never will and to fans , the songs are time-machine
CNN  -- When Dolley Madison swanned onto the Washington scene in pink satin and ermine in the early 19th century , she created a new role for first ladies . The president 's wife could appear larger-than-life on the public stage , imparting emotional and psychological messages about her husband to the public . Our most famous first ladies were charismatic figures : Dolley Madison 's message confirmed the Madison administration 's legitimacy and authority ; Eleanor Roosevelt helped Depression-weary Americans feel hopeful and virtuous ; Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy showed the world that the Kennedys were a new breed of young , modern , cosmopolitan Americans . Our current first lady belongs to this tradition . Michelle Obama , dressed in J. Crew , with her little girls and career firmly in hand , assures us that people like us are in power . Opinion : Ann Romney did great , but wo n't move needle Of course , many first ladies have preferred to remain in the background . Mamie Eisenhower famously insisted on remaining a largely domestic creature . Barbara Bush proudly eschewed the spotlight , while her daughter-in-law Laura -- perhaps one of the most productive recent first ladies -- did her work quietly and without a lot of fuss . Still , even the most modest of presidential wives can help a president or candidate seem more human and less a political machine . When Ann Romney mounted the platform at the Republican convention , she appeared to be a first lady wannabe of the second camp . She , too , is proudly domestic and puts herself outside politics . And she seems , well , like a perfectly nice woman -- the kind you 'd like to have as a neighbor . When she began her speech , "  Tonight I want to talk to you from my heart about our hearts " and "  Tonight I want to talk to you about love , " it looked as if Ann Romney was about to tell her personal story in an effort to warm and fuzzy up her rather remote and stiff husband . One might say no candidate 's wife has had so great an opportunity to make a difference . No matter if they support or decry Mitt Romney 's politics , people generally agree that Romney does n't always seem human , much less a beacon of compassion and empathy . But the need to make Mitt more personable is so great that , in planning Ann Romney 's speech , his advisers may have overreached . After her initial talk about love , instead of relating personal anecdotes , she went on to address remarks to hardworking families and especially women "  who have to do a little more . " It seems her husband 's handlers recognize that in addition to Mitt 's personality , Republican policy needs warming up a little too . Can Mitt bring love and empathy to people who are struggling , even to people whose lives are so different from his own ? Ann Romney had to humanize Mitt as the husband and father she trusts and whom we can trust . In that , she was on steady ground in telling her "  When Mitt Met Ann " story , positively beaming when she spoke of being a wife and mother . Women in the hall clapped their hands off for that . But she was not in her element in her evocations of sighing mothers at the end of a hard day , in offering insights and empathy for women and families struggling to pay bills , to buy gas and food . That 's too much for her to do . She has neither the personal nor the professional authority to talk about the difficulties of poor , working-class or even middle-class Americans . Opinion : Ann Romney stole the show on opening night Her remark about women doing more , and doing it happily , is cringe-worthy : Does she know that with women making , at the best , about 80 % of what men do , they have to do more just to break even ? I understand Mitt Romney 's advisers are in a tough position . Democrats are painting him as a heartless capitalist , ruthlessly firing and downsizing to make Bain Capital one more dollar . Even loyal Republicans , who will support Romney to the end , are n't excited about the guy . But do n't put it all on Ann 's shoulders . She ca n't be Dolley Madison and Mamie Eisenhower at the same time . No woman should have to work that hard . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Catherine Allgor .	Catherine Allgor : Ann Romney seems to be a political wife who is domestic and outside politics Allgor : Her speech was best when she tried to humanize her husband Allgor : But she tried to identify with the struggles of poor and middle class and should n't have Ann Romney ca n't relate to the poor or make GOP policy warm and fuzzy , Allgor writes
CNN  -- An Indian reservation in South Dakota voted to repeal a decades-old ban on alcohol , according to preliminary results announced by the Oglala Sioux Tribe Wednesday . The unofficial tally from Tuesday 's vote at Pine Ridge Indian Reservation shows that 1,645 members voted in favor of lifting the ban , 1,494 voted against and 438 votes were challenged . "  Challenge votes are being counted and will be released as soon as they are received from the election committee , " the Oglala Lakota Nation website said . Pine Ridge is the last dry reservation in the state . The debate about allowing alcohol on the reservation divided the community . The ban , in effect for decades , prohibits the possession and consumption of alcohol on the reservation . But the ban was n't working , Lawrence Eagle Bull , one of nine Oglala tribal council members who agreed to put the issue to a vote , said before the balloting . Eagle Bull compared the situation to the United States ' Prohibition era . "  It did n't work then , " he said . "  It created a criminal element . " Others were firm in their commitment to keep the land dry , saying legalizing alcohol would solve nothing . "  Alcohol is behind every social problem we have , " said activist and tribe member Olowan Martinez . "  It 's our biggest enemy -- legalizing it wo n't solve the problem . " She cites problems such as domestic abuse , assault , rape and unemployment . She added that drinking is killing the population : "  It 's liquid genocide . " What both sides agree on is that alcohol abuse is common on the reservation and beer is easy to get . The neighboring border town of Whiteclay , Nebraska , is home to fewer than 15 residents but supports four beer stores that manage to sell 11,000 cans of beer a day to their predominately Native American customer base . The reservation has a tribal membership of more than 35,000 people , according to the Oglala Lakota Nation website . Many of those who purchase beer in Whiteclay drink it there and return to the reservation drunk . Other times the beer is smuggled into the reservation . If the vote holds up and the ban is lifted , the tribe would be able to establish its own beer stores on the reservation . Eagle Bull says each district would house one store -- operated by the tribe -- with profits going toward alcohol rehabilitation facilities . In the long term , Eagle Bull said , stores on the reservation could eventually shut down the Whiteclay operations .	The Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota votes to lift an alcohol ban The decades-old ban stirs debate among members of the Oglala Sioux tribe If the ban is lifted , stores can open on the reservation , taking business from a nearby town
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there , the U.S. military announced Friday . First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo was killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul on Tuesday while riding in an armored Humvee . His body was flown to the United States early Thursday morning . Crisostomo of Spanaway , Washington , was 59 . He would have turned 60 later this month , according to KING television in Seattle , Washington . He was one of a very few service members who served in Vietnam and in current U.S. military operations , his record shows . He twice received the Bronze Star , which is awarded to U.S. troops for combat valor . Crisostomo also received the Purple Heart for being wounded in combat , according to his records . It was not clear from his official records if he received the medals for combat in Vietnam or Afghanistan . His records also indicate he received numerous other commendations . He also served during the first Gulf War in 1991 and received the Kuwait Liberation Medal . He jointed the Army in 1969 and retired in 1993 , then volunteered to serve again in 2008 . According to his records , his position in the Army was automated logistical specialist , but it was unclear in what capacity he was serving while in Afghanistan . Earlier this year , a 60-year-old soldier was killed in Iraq , becoming the oldest U.S. service member killed in either the war in Iraq or the war in Afghanistan .	First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul He served in Vietnam , retired , rejoined Army in '08 to serve in Afghanistan Crisostomo of Spanaway , Washington , was Bronze Star , Purple Heart recipient
Washington  CNN  -- Terrorists intent on striking commercial aircraft have shown renewed interest in surgically implanting explosives in humans to circumvent airport security , a U.S. security official tells CNN . The idea of implanting bombs has been discussed in the past , but the United States has obtained fresh intelligence about the desire of terrorists to implant devices , according to the official . Another U.S. official said Ibrahim Hasan al-Asiri , the top bomb maker for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , is suspected of being behind the latest efforts . "  He 's AQAP 's bomb guy , " said the official . Asiri is also believed to be behind the thwarted 2009 Christmas day "  underwear " bomb , the failed October 2010 cargo plane bomb and an attempt to kill a Saudi prince using a concealed bomb Both officials said there is no specific or imminent threat . But the new intelligence prompted officials last week to brief international airlines and U.S. allies overseas , a Transportation Security Administration spokesman said . "  We are treating this information seriously , and as a precautionary matter , sharing it with our colleagues overseas and of course U.S. carriers who travel overseas , " TSA Administrator John Pistole told CNN . "  We see this as the latest iteration or the evolution of what terrorist groups are trying to do to circumvent our security layers and to perhaps defeat our societal norms , " he said . "  The information is that terrorists are aware of this type of technique and interested in using it , but there is no specific threat as to a date and time and a specific flight , " he said . The TSA said full-body scanners can not see underneath skin , but said other "  overlapping layers of security " could help officials deter any plot involving a human bomb . Those layers include intelligence information about possible plots , equipment that checks for minute traces of explosives , behavior detection officers and canine teams . "  All of those layers of security gives us the strongest defense and the best opportunity to detect and deter this from happening , " Pistole said Wednesday . TSA spokesman Nicholas Kimball said passengers flying from international locations to U.S. destinations may notice additional security measures in place . Measures may include interaction with passengers , in addition to the use of other screening methods such as pat-downs and the use of enhanced tools and technologies , Kimball said . "  These measures are designed to be unpredictable , so passengers should not expect to see the same activity at every international airport , " Kimball said . A trauma surgeon contacted by CNN said terrorists could use a variety of techniques to conceal bombs in a human , ranging from crude surgery that would likely result in infections , fever and other complications , to more sophisticated procedures that would take greater skill , but could last a long time before causing problems . Terrorists could replicate a cosmetic device , such as a breast or buttock implant , said Dr. Jack Sava , of the Washington Hospital Center . "  In many types of infections after surgery , there can be a kind of honeymoon period of a few days . But once you get several days after the operation , I think that 's when you 'd start to see signs that would begin with pain and fever . That would get worse and worse , and ultimately be fatal if nothing were done , " he said . An aviation security consultant said news of terrorists ' interest in implants shows the "  continuous competition between terrorists and the defenders , where we always try to be one step ahead , and they try to do the same . " "  I think we have come to the point where our technology capabilities have been exhausted to the limit , and right now there 's no further technology that can be applied to mitigate this kind of risk , " said consultant Rafi Ron . The TSA does not have the option of subjecting people to medical doses of X-rays to find concealed objects , he said . "  So we are very much now one step behind  terrorists  , rather than one step ahead . " Ron said the TSA is right to focus more attention on airline passengers , instead of on the bags they carry . A person with an implant bomb would likely exhibit signs of stress that could be detected by trained personnel , Ron said . "  One thing obviously is an elevated level of stress , and in  the case of a human bomb  it would probably be extreme , " Ron said . "  You may also see some influence of drugs to ease pain . " CNN Correspondent Brian Todd , National Security Producer Pam Benson and Producer Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	An official says al Qaeda bombmaker Ibrahim Asiri is behind the latest efforts Security official says terrorists have shown renewed interest in implanting explosives Airlines and overseas allies were briefed last week Passengers flying from international locations to the U.S. may notice additional security
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pregnant women in Peru are dying at scandalous rates , according to the author of an Amnesty International report into maternal mortality in the South American country . Vertical births where women are kneeling or crouching and holding on to a rope are common in Peru . The report , "  Fatal Flaws : Barriers to Maternal Health in Peru " found that hundreds of poor , rural and indigenous pregnant women are dying because they are being denied the same health services as other women in the country . It also concluded that the government 's response to tackling the problem was inadequate . Peruvian government figures state 185 in every 100,000 women die in child birth , but the United Nations says the number is much higher at 240 , which makes it one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the Americas . In wealthy developed nations , only nine women die for every 100,000 births . The five main causes of pregnancy-related deaths in Peru are hemorrhage , pre-eclampsia , infection , complications following abortion and obstructed birth , according to Peru 's Ministry of Health figures . Amnesty 's Peru researcher Nuria Garcia said in a statement : "  The rates of maternal mortality in Peru are scandalous . The fact that so many women are dying from preventable causes is a human rights violation . "  The Peruvian state is simply ignoring its obligation to provide adequate maternal healthcare to all women , regardless of who they are and where they live . " Garcia added : "  Health services for pregnant women in Peru are like a lottery : if you are poor and indigenous , the chances are you will always lose . " Amnesty 's report highlighted the case of Criselda , a 22-year-old indigenous woman from the country 's Huancavelica Department , one of the poorest regions of the country . While seven months pregnant , she fell and hurt herself , and after feeling pains , she went to the health post for a check-up . The doctor said she was fine and sent her away but she miscarried two days later , according to the report . The report found that so many women are dying because they face a number of barriers , including a lack of health staff who speak indigenous languages like Quechua -- a native Andean language spoken by some five million people in Peru . However , the vast majority of Peruvian doctors only speak Spanish , as they rarely come from areas or communities where indigenous languages are spoken . Criselda told researchers she believes the doctor may not have picked up her symptoms accurately because she could not understand her , and interpreters were not available . Transport problems are also a contributing factor to the high mortality rate among Peruvian indigenous women , as most of them usually have to travel long distances to a health center to get attention , the report found . Criselda 's husband Fortunato said in the report : "  There is no ambulance when there is an emergency . To go from here it takes us two or three days and sometimes they die right here because there is no vehicle or ambulance . " According to the report , 27 percent of deaths of women from pregnancy-related causes occurred during pregnancy ; 26 percent occurred during the birth itself ; and 46 percent during the first six weeks after giving birth . Amnesty has urged the Peruvian government to allocate resources to maternal mortality and reproductive health , prioritizing the regions with the highest mortality ratios . The organization also recommends an increase in training , particularly in indigenous languages .	New Amnesty report says Peru 's poor pregnant women dying of neglect Peru has one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the Americas In wealthy developed nations , only 9 women die for every 100,000 births Problems faced include a lack of health staff who speak indigenous languages
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- As violence raged on Thursday in central Kiev , 21-year-old volunteer medic Olyesa Zhukovska was providing first aid to wounded protesters when she was struck in the neck by a sniper 's bullet . "  I 'm dying , " she tweeted as blood gushed from her throat . Even as her prediction proved wrong , her tweet was immortalized as it ricocheted across the Internet . Two days later , from a hospital bed , she recalled the moment when she was struck . "  I heard a loud bang , " she told CNN . "  At first , I thought it was a grenade , but then my friend said , ` You have been hit by a sniper ; you are bleeding . ' Both our hands were full of blood . " The bullet had pierced her neck , somehow missing vital vessels , but doing serious damage nonetheless . "  It is very hard for me to speak and it hurts to eat , " she said weakly . "  I 'm starting to walk again ; I lost a lot of blood . " At the time she was shot , Zhukovska was on a front line in the battle between opposition and security forces trying to help the wounded . She was lucky . Dozens of other demonstrators who were defending the barricades in Independence Square were killed on Thursday , nearly a third of them by snipers . The location had been transformed Saturday into a memorial . At the hospital , Zhukovska 's parents were by her side on Saturday , offering succor even as their daughter 's spirit remained defiant . "  We are waiting for new elections , " she said weakly . "  We want a different president , a different government and a better situation in Ukraine . " Zhukovska said she was glad her tweet had reached so many people ; her parents were glad it proved wrong . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this story	"  I 'm dying , " 21-year-old medic tweets Olyesa Zhukovska was shot in the neck by a sniper A weak voice , still defiant : "  We are waiting for new elections "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Long before U2 and Bono blazed their own paths , and decades before the Christian music industry became a half-billion-dollar annual business , a hippie musician with long blond locks paved the way . Larry Norman sang about drugs , politics , racism , sex and Jesus -- sometimes in the same song . Larry Norman was a Christian rock musician before the genre existed , combining faith with a backbeat and social consciousness . Think of him as rock music 's street preacher , often referred to as "  the father of Christian rock . " "  Between 1969 and 1979 , Larry Norman was the Christian rock scene 's answer to Bob Dylan , John Lennon and Mick Jagger , " said Emmy-nominated director David Di Sabatino , who takes a critical look at Norman 's career and life in his documentary "  Fallen Angel : The Outlaw Larry Norman . " "  He set the standard . He created the space for others to exist . ... The vision he created for where Christian rock music could go still resonates today . " The documentary is scheduled to go into limited theatrical release in early 2010 . Norman hit the U.S. music scene at a turbulent time for the nation . His first solo album , "  Upon This Rock , " came out in late 1969 , after he left the band People ! The San Francisco Bay area psychedelic group was fresh off the success of a Top 20 hit with a cover of the Zombies ' "  I Love You . " It was a time when college campuses were erupting in anti-Vietnam War protests and the nation was still trying to digest what had just happened that summer at Woodstock . As many Americans looked for answers , Norman offered his faith , a bold decision for an unknown solo artist making his major-label debut . "  It was a pretty gutsy move to sing about Jesus on his first record , " younger brother Charles Norman said . "  To take a chance on mentioning Jesus on a secular record was a pretty important step . " " ` Upon This Rock ' was written to stand outside the Christian culture , " Larry Norman said in an interview with CCM magazine . "  My songs were n't written for Christians . ... I was saying , ` I 'm going to present the Gospel , and I 'm not going to say it like you want . This album is not for you . ' " No small surprise , given that rock music at the time was the soundtrack of the counterculture and was far from the mainstream . A national survey conducted by Louis Harris and Associates in 1966 found that rock 'n' roll was by far the most unpopular music in the country . About 45 percent of adults said they disliked it , with only about 5 percent saying it was their favorite . Compare that with today , when nearly two-thirds of those asked in a recent Pew Resource Center poll said they listen to it . Being a rocker in the late 1960s was n't just flying in the face of a conservative Christian music industry but mainstream America as well . Then there were the lyrics , especially on Norman 's second solo effort , 1972 's "  Only Visiting This Planet . " There were no happy songs about going to heaven ; the tunes tackled the social issues of the day . Norman sang about drugs , politics , racism , sex , venereal disease and Jesus -- sometimes in the same song -- getting his music banned from Christian bookstores that might have sold it . "  Stuff like that shocked uptight Christians , " Charles Norman said in an NPR interview shortly after his brother 's death in February 2008 at age 60 . "  One of his songs , it 's called ` Why Do n't You Look Into Jesus , ' one of the lines is : ` You 've got gonorrhea on Valentine 's Day -LSB- VD -RSB- and you 're still looking for the perfect lay . ... Why do n't you look into Jesus ? He 's got the answer . ' " The album also contained what became Larry Norman 's signature song , "  Why Should the Devil Have All the Good Music . " Nearly two decades after its release , "  Only Visiting This Planet , " helmed by Beatles ' producer George Martin , was recognized as a seminal recording for the genre , voted by CCM magazine in 1990 as the greatest Christian album ever recorded . A similar list released in 2001 by CCM , a Christian music and lifestyle magazine , put the album at No. 2 all time . U2 's "  The Joshua Tree " was sixth . Norman was inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame that same year , along with Elvis Presley . The accolades came much sooner in the mainstream media . In 1971 , Billboard Magazine called Norman "  the most important writer since Paul Simon , " while Time magazine pegged him as "  probably the top solo artist in the field . " Norman 's fans include U2 , Guns N ' Roses and Bob Dylan , according to his brother Charles . John Mellencamp said he 's one , too . British pop star Cliff Richard made no secret of his admiration . "  When I first became a Christian , I hunted around in vain to find Christian rock 'n' roll music I could relate to . It just all sounded horrible , " Richard said on "  Rockspell , " a Gospel-music-themed BBC television show he hosted in 1986 , and on which Norman appeared . Then he was introduced to Norman 's music , "  and I just was overjoyed and thrilled , because suddenly I could relate ... and there seemed to be a Christian who could do it as well , if not better , than the rest of us . " Black Francis of the alternative rock group the Pixies said Norman has been a lifelong influence . "  I listened to his records growing up , and saw him perform many times . In fact , I used to dress up like him ; long blond hair with bangs , sort of a grown-out British invasion look , with black jacket , black shirt , black pants and two-tone black and white cheerleader shoes , " Francis said . "  While Larry is always referenced by his Christian beliefs , to me he was always an entertainer ... humorous , poignant and always rock 'n' roll . His respect for the arena of entertainment is what gave him his power as a performer . " More than 300 versions of Norman 's songs have been recorded by other artists , including non-Gospel acts as diverse as Richard and Francis , as well as Sammy Davis Jr. , Petula Clark and Tennessee Ernie Ford . Christian music has come a long way in the 40 years since Norman pioneered Christian rock . "  Before Larry Norman , there was not any Christian music industry , " said Shawn McSpadden , manager for Switchfoot and the Grammy Award-winning band Third Day . But today is a different story , according to figures from the Gospel Music Association . It says 56 million units of Christian/Gospel music sold in 2008 , totaling nearly $ 500 million . "  The Christian music industry has been very business-savvy , probably without even realizing it , in that a lot of the artists and bands use their local church as their home base when they begin their careers , " said Bruce Burch of the University of Georgia 's Music Business School . "  They immediately have fans that are passionate and devout not only about them as a band or artist , but to their message . " Album sales for the genre , during 2008 , outsold classical , jazz , new age and Latin , according to Nielsen SoundScan . Norman , a hippie musician who set out to sing about his faith , blazed the trail for Christian rock .	Larry Norman was Christian rock musician before genre existed His first solo album , "  Upon This Rock , " came out in late 1969 Norman 's fans include U2 , Guns N ' Roses and Bob Dylan More than 300 versions of Norman 's songs have been recorded by other artists
Editor 's note : Leslie Morgan Steiner is the author of "  Crazy Love , " a new memoir about domestic violence , and the anthology "  Mommy Wars , " which explores the polarization between stay-at-home and career moms . Leslie Morgan Steiner says domestic violence afflicts the well-to-do as well as the poor . CNN  -- For two days , news reports called her "  the 20-year old victim " allegedly attacked by R&B singer and dancer Chris Brown in his car early February 8 in Los Angeles , California . We all now have good reason to believe that the alleged victim was pop singer Rihanna , Brown 's girlfriend . The story has dominated the general media with good reason . Both singers are young , apple-cheek gorgeous , immensely talented and squeaky clean -- the last couple you 'd imagine as domestic violence headliners . Perhaps the only good that will come from the Rihanna/Brown publicity is destruction of our culture 's misconception that abusers and their victims can only be universally poor , uneducated and powerless . Brown , whose first song debuted at No. 1 and whose first album topped the Billboard Hot 100 , appeared on a Disney sitcom and in Sesame Street , Got Milk ? and Wrigley 's Doublemint Gum commercials . Barbados-born Rihanna has been big-brothered by music industry legends like Jay-Z and Kanye West and is signed to the Def Jam Recordings label . She has been astonishingly successful in the short time she has been on the music scene , attaining five Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 's with "  SOS , " "  Umbrella , " "  Take a Bow , " "  Disturbia " and T.I. 's "  Live Your Life . " Like Rihanna , I had a bright future in my early 20s . I met my abusive lover at 22 . I 'd just graduated from Harvard and had a job at Seventeen Magazine in New York . My husband worked on Wall Street and was an Ivy League graduate as well . In our world , we were the last couple you 'd imagine enmeshed in domestic violence . Many of my ex-husband 's attacks also took place in our car . For reasons I never understood , the enclosed , soundproof space brought out his worst violence . He punched me so fiercely that my face had bruises from his fist on one side and from hitting the window on the other . As trapped in the car as I was in our marriage , it was there that I endured tirades about how controlling I was with money , how flirtatious and nave I was with other men , how defiant and disrespectful I was of my husband 's authority . So , I suppose I have more understanding than most about the shame , fury , confusion and disappointment Rihanna may be experiencing . What 's hardest for outsiders to fathom is how lethal a cocktail love , hope and sympathy can be . I first fell for my husband the night he confided how he , like Chris Brown , had been traumatized as a young boy by domestic violence in his home . "  He used to hit my mom ... He made me terrified all the time , terrified like I had to pee on myself , " Brown said during a 2007 interview with Giant magazine . Brown has n't explained what happened in the recent incident , but this week he released a statement saying that he 's sorry and saddened by it . Our culture encourages women to nurture men , making it predictable that many experience a seductive empathy for abusive men , as well as the misguided hope that love can obliterate an ugly past . In my case , it took four years , myriad terrifying attacks , and the intervention of the police and family court before I understood how little I could help my ex get over his abusive childhood . I certainly felt alone during my abusive relationship , but unfortunately I was in good company . The U.S. Department of Justice estimates that between 1 million and 3 million women in America are physically abused by their husband or boyfriend each year . Every day , on average , three women are murdered by their husbands or boyfriends . At some point in our lives , 25 percent of American women will report being physically abused or raped by intimate partners , according to the National Violence Against Women Survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . However , these statistics , grim as they are , fail to highlight the root of the abuse cycle . A national survey showed that 50 percent of men who frequently assault their wives also frequently abuse their children . Witnessing abuse , as Chris Brown and my ex-husband did as young boys , is a form of abuse itself . Tragically , many victims of childhood abuse grow up to be abusers themselves . I always sensed that my husband did n't want to be hurting me -- he knew exactly how excruciating love and fear felt mixed together -- but his childhood rage overpowered his adult sensibilities . A few months after I left my marriage , I happened across another couple in another car , late at night on an empty street . I slowed down as a well-dressed woman about 25 years old was walking away from a white Honda , brushing off a tall , handsome young man wearing a sports coat and jeans . Suddenly she turned and tried to run . He grabbed her with his long arms and shoved her up against a dirty storefront . Even from my car I could see the fear on her pretty face . Without thinking , I jerked my car over and got out . By this time the man had let the woman go and she 'd slid behind the wheel of the car . He stepped back as I approached , his anger displaced by uncertainty and shame at being interrupted . I did n't look at him . I leaned into the car as she sat clutching the wheel , crying and staring straight ahead . "  I just left a husband who beat me for three years , " I said . "  You do not have to put up with this . You do not deserve to be treated like this . " "  I know , " she whispered as fresh tears poured down her face . She sniffed loudly and shook her head . She would n't look at me . Her eyes were rimmed red , but I could see resolve in them . "  You 're right , " she said . "  It 's just taking me longer than I thought . " As I left , I gave the man a long stare . The spell had been broken and his face was open , sorrowful , filled with hope and fear -- a look I had seen dozens of times on my husband 's face . How long would that look last before he got angry again ? I could feel the woman 's determination as I got back into my car . I knew she would be all right , one day . The man , I was less certain about . Family violence is a criminal act ; perpetrators , while often former victims themselves , need to accept culpability . Until we can prevent children from witnessing and becoming victims of abuse , the cycle will repeat itself : there will be many more Chris Browns and "  alleged victims " in our headlines and in our homes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leslie Morgan Steiner .	Leslie Steiner : I was victim of domestic violence many years ago She says such abuse is prevalent and cuts across all demographic groups Our culture encourages women to nurture even abusive men , she says Steiner : Exposing children to such violence perpetuates cycle in next generation
The death toll from a landslide that buried three villages in eastern Uganda stood at 18 Tuesday , and rescue officials fear the figure will rise . Another nine were injured and countless more may be missing , the Red Cross said . Heavy rains sent rocks and mud crashing down on the villages in the mountainous district of Bududa on Monday , about 275 kilometers  170 miles  northeast of the capital Kampala . At least 15 homes were destroyed , said Catherine Ntabadde of the Uganda Red Cross Society . "  Last night district authorities requested all people in high risk places to move to a school that we are using as a primary camp , " Ntabadde said Tuesday . No bodies have been recovered due to the heavy debris that has buried some of the victims 100 meters deep , Ntabadde said . Additional equipment is expected to arrive in the remote area Wednesday to assist in the excavation . Landslide kills 25 on Philippine island ravaged by rain The Red Cross is working alongside members of the Ugandan army to relocate more than 1,000 people . "  People are a bit reluctant to move until an incident like this happens . People want to stay near their homes and find out what happened to their loved ones and their belongings , " Ntabadde said . Torrential downpours regularly cause landslides in the eastern part of the country , particularly in areas where heavy logging has left the land stripped of vegetation . Last August , at least 23 people died when a massive landslide swallowed homes in the Bulambuli district , about 300 kilometers  186 miles  from Kampala . In 2010 , another landslide in the same region killed at least 87 . Rain , terrain slow recovery efforts after Uganda landslide	Officials say 9 people were injured and countless more may be missing The landslide occurred in villages in the mountainous district of Bududa on Monday Torrential downpours regularly cause landslides in the eastern part of the country
Oakland Township , Michigan  CNN  -- The FBI on Tuesday spent a second day digging in a Detroit-area field in the latest search for the remains of former Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa -- an effort spurred by information from an aging reputed mobster . Agents began digging Monday in waist-high grass in Oakland Township north of Detroit , a location determined in part from information provided by alleged mobster Tony Zerilli . Media and curious onlookers gathered some distance from the private property . The search was stopped for the night as evening approached but will resume Wednesday at 8 a.m. Nothing yet has been found , two law enforcement sources familiar with the investigation said Tuesday afternoon . Oakland Sheriff Mike Bouchard said investigators are using probes to determine what the ground makeup is , but have not found samples that would require lab analysis . Two concrete slabs have been removed during the dig . It 's unclear whether the slabs were foundations for a barn that once stood there . Scientists from Michigan State University were at the site Tuesday to help with soil analysis . Agents are expected to finish the search this week , possibly in the next 48 hours , Bouchard said . This is the latest chapter of the nearly four-decades-long search for Hoffa . It was sparked by "  highly credible " information from Zerilli , according to a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . Earlier this year , Zerilli , now in his 80s , told New York 's NBC 4 that Hoffa was buried in a Michigan field about 20 miles north of where he was last seen in 1975 . Hoffa , then 62 , disappeared after being seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . The FBI spent months looking into Zerilli 's claims before seeking court authorization to excavate the field and look for evidence of a shallow grave , according to a law enforcement source . Contrary to what 's been thought for years , Zerilli said he was told Hoffa 's disappearance was not connected to Anthony "  Tony Pro " Provensano , the New York City-area Genovese family crime boss who allegedly wanted to get rid of Hoffa . Instead , according to the source , Zerilli -- convicted years ago of crimes in connection with organized crime in Detroit -- told the FBI that Detroit mobsters wanted Hoffa dead . At the time , Hoffa was thought to be trying to get back into a power position with the labor movement after his release from prison . He was convicted in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 . Zerilli was in prison himself when Hoffa disappeared . Zerilli , according to the law enforcement source , said that when he was freed , he asked a mob enforcer what happened to Hoffa . The mobster allegedly told Zerilli that Detroit 's crime bosses ordered the Hoffa hit . They lured him to a meeting and then drove him to a farm owned by a mob underboss . The enforcer allegedly told Zerilli that Hoffa was killed and buried on the property , which covers several acres . Zerilli 's attorney , David Chasnick , told reporters Monday that Zerilli was told Hoffa was hit with a shovel and buried alive . Zerilli published a manuscript about the Hoffa claim online that includes details of the alleged hit . "  He was n't shot , he was n't stabbed , nothing like that . A cement slab of some sort was placed on top of the dirt to make certain he was not going to be discovered . And that was it . End of story , " Zerilli 's manuscript says . The area being searched was described as relatively small -- about the size of a small party tent , according to the source . Aerial video showed a somewhat larger area had been cleared of grass . Zerilli has been to the site more than once , said Chasnick , who declined to elaborate . Hoffa 's daughter , Barbara Crancer , told CNN by phone Tuesday that she is always appreciative when the FBI follows credible leads in the case . But , she said , she does n't want to get her hopes up . "  We 've been through it too many times , " she said . FBI Special Agent Bob Foley , head of the agency 's Detroit office , told CNN at the scene that the information leading to the search "  reached the threshold of probable cause , which was sufficient to allow us to obtain a search warrant . " The paperwork supporting the search warrant is under seal . "  If it did n't rise to that level then , certainly , we would n't be out here , " Foley said . Hoffa 's disappearance and presumed death have vexed investigators . As recently as October , soil samples were taken from a home in a suburban Detroit community after a tipster claimed he saw a body buried in the yard a day after Hoffa disappeared . The soil samples were tested , and showed no evidence of human remains or decomposition . Zerilli was freed in 2008 after his last prison sentence . Keith Corbett , a former U.S. attorney , told CNN earlier this year that Zerilli headed a Detroit organized crime family from 1970 to 1975 , but was in prison when Hoffa vanished . In an interview with CNN affiliate WDIV-TV , Zerilli denied playing any role in Hoffa 's disappearance . Zerilli told CNN affiliate WXYZ on Tuesday that he hoped authorities would find the remains of his "  good friend , " to put Hoffa 's family at ease and put this story to rest . "  I 'd like to see him exhumed and be buried properly , like he deserves to be , " he said . Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where Hoffa is buried CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Laura Batchelor , Sheila Steffen , Poppy Harlow and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Alleged mobster who tipped off police says he hopes his "  good friend " is exhumed Search has ended for the night , will resume Wednesday morning Concrete slabs are removed during the dig , a source says Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant
CNN  -- Rescuers pulled two more bodies from the wreckage of a collapsed building Sunday in Bangladesh , bringing the death toll to 1,119 , the country 's state news agency reported . While hundreds of bodies have been turned over to relatives , more than 200 have been unclaimed . The organization Anjuman-e-Mafidul Islam buried 234 unclaimed bodies at a graveyard in the capital , state news agency BSS reported . DNA samples were collected for future identification . Many bodies are decomposed beyond recognition , the news agency reported . The nine-story building on the outskirts of the capital city of Dhaka collapsed April 24 . On Friday , 19-year-old mother Reshma Begum was discovered alive in the rubble . Doctors said she is improving steadily . Gupta : How could woman survive 16 days in rubble ? Opinion : Stop cashing in on Bangladeshi workers	The death toll from the Bangladesh building collapse is up to 1,119 Some unclaimed bodies have been buried The nine-story building collapsed April 24 A 19-year-old mother was pulled from the wreckage alive on Friday
The Frisky  -- Over the past year , Kate Gosselin has come full circle in the court of public opinion . Around this time last year , most people thought of her as the shrewish mother of eight who was constantly nagging and snapping at her laid-back husband , Jon . As soon as they divorced last summer and Jon started dating a string of questionable 20-somethings , Kate became the sane and stable one to Jon 's man-boy . Then , Kate appeared on "  Dancing with the Stars , " and again she became the shrew , as rumors flew that she was nasty to her fellow cast members behind the scenes . Well , I 'm going to say something controversial . I like Kate Gosselin . I think she 's smart and appreciate her wry , barely-there sense of humor . I think she 's handled herself with restraint and class for the past year while dealing with the end of her marriage under the tabloid microscope . I appreciate how open she is about her emotions , and how hard it is to move on . And while millions will be watching when "  Kate Plus 8 " premieres on Sunday , I 'm looking forward to having a second dose of Kate on television with her brand-new reality show , "  Twist of Kate , " coming to TLC soon . Here are 10 reasons I 'll be watching . 1 . Kate has the best name ever . Not that I 'm biased . The Frisky : Kate Gosselin and 7 others rejected by Playboy 2 . The concept of the show is a touch schmaltzy , but interesting . Kate takes a letter from a fan struggling through some challenge and visits them to essentially live their lives , meeting their family and doing their job . "  She will be in that person 's shoes . And more often than not , it 's not going to be terribly comfortable for her , " TLC chief Eileen O'Neill told USA Today . 3 . Kate wrote in a blog post today , "  I look forward to being dropped into the lives of interesting and unique people and families . ... Kate on the back of a trash truck , anyone ? " Is she really going to be a garbage collector for an episode ? Need . To . See . That . The Frisky : Stars who ended relationships to chase fame 4 . OK , fine , I want to see what her hair will look like . Will she keep the extensions or go back to her signature porcupine reverse-mullet ? 5 . We also know that in one episode , according to local North Carolina press , she will be a waitress at Finch 's Restaurant . She was spotted filming in Raleigh , North Carolina , in December . Will she be able to deal with rude diners without sending them to time-out ? 6 . It 'll be nice to see Kate get a break from caring for eight kids . Perhaps we 'll get to see her real personality rather than the on-edge OCD mom ? 7 . Perhaps during one of the 12 episodes airing this summer , Kate will meet a guy . How nice it would be to see her out on a date . The Frisky : Clooney 's girlfriend says Jennifer Aniston looks like haggard rocker 8 . That said , we 're thankful she 's not the next "  Bachelorette . " We 're glad she decided to go this route instead of straight to a dating show . The Frisky : "  DWTS " dream team - Oprah , Mr. T , and "  Sawyer " are on our list 9 . It 'll be fun to guess which life she test-drives next . Here 's hoping that she gets to be a circus performer . Or maybe she could put her "  Dancing with the Stars " skills to use , and visit a struggling exotic dancer ? 10 . Hey , it 's better than a show about her ex Jon Gosselin . The Frisky : Heidi Klum to spill her love secrets on her new TV show TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	According to local North Carolina press , she will be a waitress at one point Kate was spotted filming in Raleigh , North Carolina , in December It will be fun to guess which life she 'll test-drive next
LONDON , England  CNN  -- MySpace galvanizes protestors to attend mass demonstrations ; 1.8 million Britons sign an online petition , leading to widespread press coverage and government embarrassment ; and Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are fighting it out for the Democratic nomination on Facebook . Barack Obama 's online support is way ahead of his rivals ' , including Hillary Clinton 's The Internet is now the focus for campaigners , marketers and activists , each claiming a slice of the virtual pie . We look at the impact of social networking sites on contemporary politics and ask , is the Web the new battleground ? Sites like MySpace , Bebo and Facebook give people a tool to interact online and extend their social lives beyond working hours . But what 's interesting campaign managers is that they 've been seized with such enthusiasm by increasingly hard-to-target teens and young adults -- even Britain 's Prince Harry is rumored to have a Facebook account . This marks a crucial development in the Internet 's history : Far from being a place where geeks go to hang out with other geeks , the Internet is now as vital a part of the average college student 's world as Spring Break . No longer a virtual refuge for lonely nerds , these sites are used daily by bright young things , keen to arrange the latest hot club/bar/gig to visit . And politicians have wised up to this . Howard Dean set the ball rolling in 2004 , raising around $ 50 million in his Presidential nomination campaign by using the Internet to garner large numbers of small-scale donations and pump up his coffers . John Kerry followed suit in his 2004 Presidential campaign against George W. Bush , famously narrowing the funding gap with his Republican rival . But this time round , candidates are plugging in and getting personal . Mitt Romney was the first potential Republican Presidential candidate to launch a Facebook profile ; Democrat John Edwards was the first to set up shop in virtual world Second Life ; and Hillary Clinton launched her Presidential campaign via her Web site . All of the major candidates for the 2008 American Presidential election have support on Facebook and profiles on MySpace . Right now , these sites are being harnessed most successfully by the Democrats , and notably Barack Obama 's campaign . At the time of writing , his supporters include over 161,000 friends on MySpace against Clinton 's 42,000-odd and John Edwards 's 28,000 .  Republican John McCain has 21,000 ; Mitt Romney trails him on 12,000 . Obama 's biggest Facebook supporters ' group , "  One Million Strong for Barack Obama " had over 320,000 members  as opposed to Hillary Clinton 's "  One Million Strong for Hillary Clinton , " with 5,300  ; and a growing pool of photographs on Flickr , the photo-hosting online community . What Obama 's team seems to understand -- and others grasp with varying degrees of success -- is that it 's not just about broadcasting to a hard-to-reach demographic . In order to recruit voters online , candidates must appear to engage with potential supporters on a far more personal level , on their terms , in their environment . These sites tear down the traditional barriers between those in power -- be they celebrities or politicians -- and their fanbase or supporters , providing the semblance -- if not the reality -- of personal involvement and a forum for discussion . If a 22-year-old male from New Hampshire can be "  friends " on MySpace with Paris Hilton , goes the thinking , why not Senator Obama ? But only time will tell if the winner of this online popularity contest can convert his virtual "  friends " into concrete votes . Away from the presidential campaigns , social networking sites also make it easy for activists to cross political boundaries . Net users do n't have to buy into a suite of policies ; using the web , pressure groups can focus their efforts on single issues instead . News on the virtual street travels quickly across existing networks of friends -- whether it 's via email , blogs or messageboards . In 2006 , MySpace users spread the word about immigration rights demonstrations across the United States . The Associated Press reported that half a million people turned out to the Los Angeles rally , while a Time poll indicated that two out of three Americans heard about the protests . Of course , the large numbers who attended the protests did n't all read about it on MySpace . But the site did enable grassroots information sharing between large numbers of people who were otherwise hard to reach , keeping them informed and encouraging them to action . It 's not just the social networking sites that are drawing campaigners ' attention . While Flash mobs -- sudden , unexpected and short-lived gatherings of members of the public , organized by Web sites and text messages -- usually tend towards the surreal  zombie mobs in Toronto , pillow fights in Buenos Aires  they have also been utilized by pressure groups . A flash mob gathered at an Oxfam thrift store in Birmingham , England in 2003 , sang "  Give it Away " by the Red Hot Chili Peppers , stripped off and donated their clothes to the charity , in what the organizers claimed was the world 's first altruistic mob , while in 2004 , protestors in Bucharest , Romania , criticized limits to freedom of speech by sealing their mouths with duct tape . Flickr , the social photo hosting site , has also been utilized . Nearly 4,000 members have added their support to the ONE campaign to make poverty history by posting their photo to the campaign 's pool of photos , while Oxfam Australia publicize their campaigning by tagging their photos and encouraging others to do the same . Also on Flickr , "  Green My Apple " is a Greenpeace-led pressure group of Mac devotees who want Apple to make more environmentally-friendly computers . They post photos of themselves with their Macs to a Flickr photo pool . Quite literally , it 's a way of giving faces to the people behind the campaigns . It 's not all plain sailing . The Internet has its own style of writing and its own social mores . A lack of experience at navigating the virtual realm can be painfully apparent . Politicians need to be careful about how they engage with their Internet audience . Savvy net-heads have little time for stuffed-shirt proselytizing , whether it 's on MySpace or YouTube ; having a Facebook profile does n't automatically make you cool . And engaging with people online can backfire : the British Government , who set up a Web site where the public could create petitions , were sorely embarrassed when 1.8 million people called for planned pay-as-you-drive road charges to be scrapped . The unexpected weight of public opposition to the policy ensured a barrage of rather unwelcome media attention . Online presences are also susceptible to virtual attack . Back at Facebook , the only group coming close to Obama 's support is the "  One Million Against Hillary Clinton " with over 230,000 members . John Edwards ' Second Life headquarters were vandalized by opponents ; and a 1984-style pro-Obama video attacking Hillary Clinton and urging Americans to "  Vote Different " had garnered over three million views on YouTube at the time of writing . Both attacks were veiled by the anonymity which the Internet provides , and politicians must now be wondering how much dirtier online campaigns will get -- and to what extent they 'll escape from Campaign Headquarters ' control . And that 's where the real power in the Internet lies . Far from being a one-way broadcast , the medium allows people to engage with each other , get involved and focus on the issues they care about most . Most of all , it allows people to take a campaign and evolve it themselves . While this will terrify traditional campaign managers and PRs , who can see quality assurance flying out of the window along with their approved , on-message briefing sheets , is it really a bad thing that the Internet gives regular Joes the chance to broadcast alongside the big guns -- and the potential to beat them at their own game ? ... . Could online campaigning change the outcome of the 2008 US Presidential election ? Will the Internet encourage more people to get involved in political debate ? Tell us in the forum -- or read others ' thoughts on the future . E-mail to a friend	Politicians harness Internet social networking sites to target youth Web-savvy candidates create their own online profiles Internet helps activists cross political boundaries But only time will tell if virtual friends will cast real votes
CNN  -- Ariel Castro , the Ohio man accused of holding three women captive for about a decade , is competent to stand trial , a judge said at a hearing Wednesday . Judge Michael Russo said a competency evaluation showed with "  reasonable medical certainty " that Castro , 52 , is capable of understanding the proceedings and assisting counsel . The next pretrial hearing is July 24 , and jury selection is tentatively scheduled to begin August 5 . How the kidnappings unfolded "  So consistent with the statute where there is presumption of competency and consistent with the report done by our experts which the court is accepting as evidence for purposes of this hearing , the court finds Mr. Castro is competent to proceed in this matter , to assist council and to stand trial , " the judge said . Neither the defense nor the state presented witnesses at the hearing and both agreed that Castro is competent to stand trial . Trial date set for Castro , more charges possible Castro , clad in an orange prison suit , sat in the court during the hearing , his head lowered and eyes sometimes closed . He answered questions directly , telling the judge he understood the proceedings . The suspect was evaluated by two psychiatrists . The competency report is sealed , so it wo n't be publicly available . The issue of visitation came up . The judge said he would not allow Castro to have contact with his 6-year-old daughter , CNN affiliate WJW reported . Her mother is Amanda Berry , who was one of the three captives . Castro also has adult children . Prosecutors confirmed in court they intend to seek a superseding indictment , meaning they will present the case again to the grand jury from scratch . It is unclear whether that will affect the August trial date . Castro is accused of holding the women in his Cleveland home . He faces 329 counts , including one count of aggravated murder for allegedly causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy . DNA studied for more possible victims CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Ariel Castro , the accused kidnapper , faces 329 counts He is accused of holding three women in his Cleveland home for years Castro is declared competent to understand proceedings and assist counsel
London  CNN  -- India has launched a rocket it hopes will allow it to join an elite group of space explorers to Mars . The country 's space research organization  ISRO  launched its orbiter to the Red Planet on Tuesday -- only NASA , the former Soviet Union and the Europeans have previously been successful in operating probes from Mars . Japan made an attempt with the Nozomi orbiter in 1998 but it failed to reach the planet and a Chinese probe was lost along with the Russian Phobos-Grunt mission in January 2012 . The UK 's Beagle 2 probe separated from the European Space Agency 's Mars Express orbiter in 2003 but nothing was ever heard from the lander . It will take 10 months for India 's Mars Orbiter Mission to reach the Red Planet after lifting off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre near Chennai . The probe will explore the planet 's surface features , minerals and atmosphere . ISRO is hoping to discover more about the loss of water from Mars , map the sources of methane gas , as well as collecting data about the two moons Phobos and Deimos . But ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan told CNN that one of the biggest technological challenges was just getting there . Many missions have failed to reach the planet while others have crashed on the surface or contact has been lost before the probes could send back data . India 's space program launched its first Earth satellite in 1975 and put an unmanned probe into orbit around the Moon in 2008 . It plans to launch its own manned spaceflight in 2016 , though an Indian cosmonaut , Rakesh Sharma , flew aboard a Soviet space mission in 1984 . The U.S. is aiming to build on the success of a series of robots that have roamed the surface of the Red Planet when it launches its own orbiter mission called Maven -- Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution spacecraft -- scheduled to launch on November 18 . The European Space Agency is working with the Russians on an ExoMars rover that is due to start its mission in 2018 . But private companies are also proposing trips to the Red Planet -- and some of them are only one-way . The Mars One project wants to colonize Earth 's neighbor , beginning in 2022 and the Inspire Mars Foundation wants to launch a man and a woman on a 501-day round-trip in 2018 without ever touching down . Is India 's Mars mission fueling Asian space race ? Explore Mars discoveries with CNN 's interactive map More on future Mars missions CNN Mars full coverage	Only NASA , the former Soviet Union and Europeans have succeeded with Mars probes India 's spacecraft will explore the planet 's surface features , minerals and atmosphere ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan says one of the biggest technological challenges is just getting there NASA is due to launch its MAVEN probe to Mars later in November
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Carrie Prejean 's lawyer gave Miss California USA executive director Keith Lewis what he said was a final warning to retract statements made about the former beauty queen or face a defamation lawsuit . The lawyer for former Miss California USA Carrie Prejean , says the ousted beauty queen 's good name is "  tarnished . " Prejean , stripped of the Miss California USA title last week , "  suffered severe emotional distress " and her reputation was harmed by Lewis , Charles LiMandri said in a letter sent Thursday to Lewis ' lawyer . LiMandri 's letter also accused Lewis , whom he referred to as a "  gay activist , " of setting Prejean up to be fired because of her statements opposing same-sex marriage . When Prejean , 22 , was dethroned , Lewis said it was for "  contract violations , " including missed public appearances . He told CNN 's Larry King last week that it was n't one thing Prejean did , but "  many , many , many things . " "  She came to us and said I 'm not interested in your input ; I 'll make my own decision what I 'm going to do , " Lewis said . "  You know , when you have a contract , when you 're working for someone , you have a responsibility to follow through on what that requirement is . " Lewis told King it was clear "  she was not interested in upholding the title or the responsibilities . " "  Carrie Prejean 's good name has been tarnished by your client 's false and defamatory accusations , " the letter from her lawyer to Lewis ' said . "  Please view this letter as a last opportunity for Mr. Lewis to retract the defamatory statements made against my client and to seek to restore her good name , " LiMandri said . "  If he does not comply , I will have no alternative but to recommend that Ms. Prejean proceed to do so through litigation . " In response to the letter , Lewis issued a statement that said : "  Mr. LiMandri obviously has never watched ` The Apprentice ' if he believes that Mr. Trump could be so easily fooled . Facts are facts , and we stand by them . " LiMandri denied any contract violations , saying it was a "  complete and utter pretext " for her firing . The list Lewis gave to reporters of Prejean 's missed appearances was "  an outright fraud , " he said . Prejean "  did not refuse reasonable appearance requests " that could "  be expected to promote and further the intended purposes of Miss California USA , " he said . The beauty queen expected to be asked to attend "  Rotary conventions and avocado festivals , " not events Lewis suggested , LiMandri said . "  She did not think it was appropriate for her to accept Mr. Lewis ' invitation to attend a gay documentary in Hollywood promoting same-sex marriage , " he said . "  It was not my client 's job , as Miss California , simply to help your client promote his personal or business interests as a Hollywood agent and producer , or gay activist . " He accused Lewis of trying to make commissions off Prejean 's appearances . "  Your client was trying to wrongfully profit off of my client 's participation as Miss California , in violation of her contract , by taking 20 percent of any appearance fee she would earn , such as at the Las Vegas jewelers convention she attended at his request , " LiMandri 's letter said . LiMandri cited a statement he said Lewis made during a May 15 conference call that "  clearly shows that your client was trying to ` set-up ' our client for termination " by relaying an offer to appear semi-nude in Playboy . Three people who worked for a public relations agency representing Prejean at the time heard it , he said . "  All three of those people distinctly remember Keith Lewis talking about sending Ms. Prejean an offer to do a Playboy photo shoot ` so when they take her title away , she does n't sue me , ' " he said . LiMandri said Lewis -- and former co-executive director Shanna Moakler -- were "  bound and determined to get her fired , and they have now finally gotten their way . " Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump announced last month that Prejean could keep her title despite a controversy over topless photos , missed appearances and her statements against same-sex marriage . Trump reversed himself last week . "  I told Carrie she needed to get back to work and honor her contract with the Miss California USA organization , and I gave her the opportunity to do so , " Trump said . "  Unfortunately , it just does n't look like it is going to happen , and I offered Keith my full support in making this decision . "	NEW : Pagaent director responds , "  Facts are facts , and we stand by them " Attorney Charles LiMandri pens ultimatum to Miss California USA director 's lawyer Carrie Prejean 's lawyer says dethronement caused "  severe emotional distress " "  Please view this letter as a last opportunity " to retract statements , LiMandri writes
New York  CNN  -- Abu Hamza al-Masri steadfastly denied Monday that he aided terrorists in incidents that span the globe , from a remote Oregon ranch to the dusty desert of the Arabian Peninsula . He described Osama bin Laden as a hothead , in charge of an unfocused organization that has betrayed the Afghan people . As for the Taliban regime , it does n't need his money ; it has "  millions , " yet does n't feed its own people , he said . But in Manhattan , by invoking 9/11 and bin Laden 's name , al-Masri mused , "  you can convict a person of killing the Dead Sea . " Al-Masri testified on direct examination over three days in a federal courtroom less than a mile from the site of ground zero and the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . He 's accused of aiding kidnappers during a 1998 hostage-taking in Yemen ; facilitating violent jihad in Afghanistan ; supplying goods and services to the Taliban ; and attempting to establish an al Qaeda-style training camp on the West Coast of the United States . The Egyptian-born cleric testified last week about his path to becoming the high-profile imam of a London mosque , whose sermons allegedly inspired several notorious terrorists , including 9/11 hijacker Mohammed Atta . Al-Masri said he went to London as a young man because loved the Western lifestyle , wanted to make money and have fun "  American style , " he smiled . He worked as a bouncer and strip-club manager before bits of Islamic teachings from friends began to penetrate his mind and the hypocrisy of his lifestyle hit him like a slap in the face . The defendant broke down twice on the stand describing key moments that helped shape his ideology , like seeing a young Bosnian boy -- maybe 12 -- wearing camouflage and clutching a Kalashnikov , receive a hug from a grieving mother as thousands of other Muslim men and boys lay dead in the Srebrenica mass graves nearby . "  I wish I trained my son , " the woman said . Al-Masri said he left Bosnia with the belief that training in physical jihad -- holy struggle -- even for children is crucial to the defense of Muslims when governments and outside forces fail to keep them safe . He 's seen it from Afghanistan to Chechnya , he said : "  The West will not do the job . " The government 's three-week case against al-Masri was an effort to connect the dots between the defendant and events thousands of miles away through key witnesses who often never met the cleric themselves , and are testifying as government informants in exchange for leniency or protection . The pivotal government prosecution witness was James Ujaama , a Seattle man who conceived the idea for a pay-as-you-go jihad training camp on a large patch of barren land outside Bly , Oregon , in 1999 . He faxed a sales pitch to al-Masri from a local Kinkos , he said on the stand . "  It looks just like Afghanistan , " Ujaama wrote to the prominent preacher , asking for trainers in both the physical and spiritual aspects of holy war to be sent from London so fighters could be readied for the Afghanistan front lines . Two men were allegedly sent by al-Masri to aid with the effort , carrying cash and training materials , but left once they realized Ujaama 's promises were empty , according to testimony . Al-Masri said on the stand Monday that he scanned only the first few lines of the fax before tossing it in the trash and considered it a "  hallucination . " Unbeknownst to him , he said , the paper was fished out of the garbage by Oussama Kassir , a Lebanese-born Swedish citizen who lived at the defendant 's London mosque periodically and was eager to make a name for himself . Kassir decided to pursue the idea of a camp without al-Masri 's knowledge while trading on the prominent cleric 's name , the defense claims . Kassir was convicted in 2009 on 11 terrorism-related counts relating to the Oregon facility and operating terrorist websites , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Prosecutors also allege that al-Masri sent Ujaama to Afghanistan in 1999 to deliver envelopes of cash and a young recruit for the front lines . Al-Masri maintained on the stand that he in fact had tried to talk the young man out of traveling to Afghanistan to fight , and that he still does not know whether Ujaama actually brought him along . He scoffed at the thought he 'd use Ujaama -- a "  troublemaker " and known liar who had never set foot in Afghanistan -- for such an errand , when any of the several dozen Afghani veterans in the mosque would have provided more reliable options . He conceded he gave Ujaama money to transport but said it was charity for a secret girls ' school and widows of mujahedeen fighters , not the Taliban regime or al Qaeda -- something Ujaama 's testimony corroborated . Ujaama admitted on the stand that his past is marred by a range of criminal endeavors , including picking up knock-off watches in New York City and passing them off as expensive brand originals ; selling a stolen laptop during an airport bathroom rendezvous ; and evading prosecution by fleeing to Belize . He spent approximately six years in prison for his role in the defendant 's alleged crimes and testified as part of a deal with the government that allowed for a significant reduction in jail time . Federal prosecutors have also alleged that al-Masri aided kidnappers of a large tour group in Yemen in 1998 and called to the stand two survivors of the harrowing hostage drama that left four of their fellow travelers dead . While al-Masri conceded on the stand he supplied the satellite phone used by the hostage takers , he said the group 's only plan that he knew of was to topple the Yemeni government . He 'd been asked to act as the group 's spokesperson some five months before the incident , he said , and bought the phone in his own name , because as a spokesperson in a politically charged climate "  you ca n't afford to do anything but what 's legal , transparent . " When he learned of the kidnapping , he felt "  betrayed because of ignorance , " he testified , and immediately issued a public statement to defuse the situation and discourage a disastrous , knee-jerk response by Yemeni authorities . In his only telephone contact with the kidnappers during the event , he urged them to let the hostages call their respective embassies and even called the satellite phone salesman to purchase 500 British pounds ' worth of pre-paid minutes for that purpose , he testified . Asked what philosophy guides him as a cleric , al-Masri said he tries to defuse violent conflict with his impassioned sermons : "  The harshest of all talks is better than the easiest of all wars . " Assistant U.S. Attorney John Cronan will begin his cross examination of al-Masri Tuesday morning .	London-based cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri criticizes bin Laden , Taliban on the stand He testifies in his own defense against charges of aiding terrorism He denies sending men to a would-be terrorist training camp in Oregon Buying a satellite phone was his only link to hostages in Yemen in 1998 , he says
CNN  -- No doubt , it is difficult to design operating systems for computers that simultaneously run numerous applications , while managing interactions between multiple types of hardware and responding to a multitude of commands from users . Now imagine trying to design a similar operating system not for a laptop , a PC or even a smartphone , but rather for something much , much tinier -- a living biological cell . This is exactly what a group of scientists at the University of Nottingham , in England , will attempt to do as part of a five-year , $ 1.58 million research project that has been aptly named AudACiOus -- which , according to researchers is derived from "  towArds a Universal BiologicAl-Cell Operating System " with an extraneous "  D " and "  U " thrown in . It is undoubtedly an audacious and ambitious initiative , but if the researchers are successful it could result in a major breakthrough for synthetic biology -- a relatively new and somewhat controversial interdisciplinary field . It combines biology , chemistry , physics , computer science and engineering to program genetic components of a cell to perform new biological functions -- such as bacteria that could produce biofuel or vaccines . Researchers say the project could lead to the creation of completely new cellular life forms that could do anything from cleaning up pollutants in the environment to detecting and treating viruses before they enter the human body . "  It would have a large impact on many of the key issues that are facing humanity right now , " said Natalio Krasnogor , a computer science professor at the University of Nottingham who is leading the AudACiOus project . "  This includes carbon sequestration , bioremediation of polluted environments , personalized health care , sustainable energy . " There have already been remarkable achievements in the field . Last year , Jay Keasling , a professor of bioengineering at the University of California , Berkeley published a paper in Nature describing how his lab engineered E. coli to produce diesel fuel . But manipulating parts of a cell remains an overall vastly laborious and expensive endeavor , according to Krasnogor . "  For each single application you have in mind , you have to start from scratch , and you have to start all of the design of the biological roots from scratch , " he said . "  The analogy in the computer industry would be that each time you write a computer program you have to write the entire operating system . " That 's why Krasnogor hopes his team will be able to create a line of cells running a generic "  cellular operating system " that could be re-programmed with different applications . Or , in other words , it would be similar to computers running an operating system that could then be tweaked with different software to meet the needs of its users . He says they aim to build a biological interface between the minimal components a cell requires to stay alive and other components that can be programmed to execute specific jobs . Or , in essence , it would be like identifying the minimal hardware components required for a computer to turn on as well as the circuitry that enables that hardware to be programmed to carry out new tasks . "  If we change the operating system , then whatever modification we want to do later on will be easier , " Krasnogor said . "  The truth is there is no guarantee we will succeed , " he added . "  This is a high risk , high return project . " Scientists not involved with the project agree it will be difficult . J Christopher Anderson , a synthetic biologist at the University of California Berkeley , said he is taking a "  wait and see " view towards the project . "  As much as I 'd love to see someone find the theory or practice that simplifies genetic engineering down to something easy , I 'm skeptical as to whether any one technical effort could provide that simplification , " he said . "  It 's hard to imagine there would be one thing that would be truly revolutionary , " he added . "  There are so many complications at play , so many little pieces that have to be found and put together . "  There are theory gaps . There are tools gaps . There are so many other bottlenecks . But it could be an important and difficult piece of the puzzle . "	Researchers hope to create an "  operating system " for living cells "  AudACiOus " project could make it easier to re-program cells It could lead to new life forms that can clean up pollutants or cure disease
CNN  -- A decade ago , over 1 million people in Zambia were living with HIV . Only 143 of them were receiving treatment . The average cost of that treatment was more than $ 10,000 per year . Being infected with HIV in Zambia was akin to a death sentence . When I visited Zambia in 2012 , the picture had changed . Eighty percent of Zambians living with HIV now had access to treatment . I met Florence Daka , a mother of four , who received anti-retroviral treatment five years ago to prevent her from passing the virus to her baby while she was pregnant . Florence now takes medicine that allows her to work full time and care for her children . It costs about 50 cents per day . View full gallery : Zambia , then and now On World AIDS Day , December 1 , we have an opportunity to make Florence 's story a reality for more families by supporting an organization that is helping developing countries respond to three of the world 's biggest health challenges -- the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria . Since it was founded in 2002 , the Global Fund has been a leader in the world 's successful response to HIV/AIDS , TB and malaria . All told , its efforts have saved nearly 9 million lives . Opinion : Wrong time to reverse course on HIV/AIDS The Global Fund also plays a key role in helping developing countries change the course of these three epidemics . For example , when people have early access to HIV testing and treatment , they not only save their own lives but they dramatically reduce their chances of infecting others . Moreover , a simple preventive procedure like voluntary medical male circumcision lowers a man 's chance of acquiring HIV -- and potentially transmitting it to his partner -- by about 60 % . Overall , effective prevention and treatment programs have helped reduce new HIV infections by a third since 2001 . That last number is crucial , because preventing new HIV infections is absolutely essential to ending AIDS . Developing a vaccine to prevent HIV remains critical , and scientific researchers are achieving exciting breakthroughs . In the meantime , we need to develop new technologies that women can use to protect themselves . Condoms are a great way to prevent the spread of HIV , but they require the cooperation of both partners . Interactive : World AIDS Day Even if a vaccine or a revolutionary new prevention method were discovered tomorrow , our work would n't be over -- because they wo n't end AIDS if they do n't reach people at risk . That is what the Global Fund has been so successful at doing for the past decade : delivering the best tools available to the people who need them most . The Global Fund does n't just provide money for pills and other health products . It channels its resources into training new generations of doctors , nurses , and health care workers . It helps developing countries build stronger health systems . This approach guarantees that the money donors invest in the Global Fund has a long-term impact on overall health and quality of life in dozens of countries . Put simply : The Global Fund is n't just one of the kindest things people have ever done for each other -- it 's also one of the smartest investments the world has ever made . On Monday and Tuesday , leaders from around the world will meet in Washington for the Global Fund 's fourth pledge conference , called the Global Fund Replenishment , to raise the necessary funding for the next three years . ` No longer a death sentence ' The gathering is a reminder that the Global Fund was founded by the world to address an urgent need . We still need the entire world 's support to continue the incredible progress we 've made . This World AIDS Day , we need governments , private donors , NGOs , activists and leaders to reaffirm their commitment to an organization that has helped change the course of three epidemics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Gates .	Bill Gates : Within a decade , we have seen huge progress in the fight against AIDS Gates : On World AIDS Day , let 's reaffirm our commitment to ending this epidemic He says we should support the Global Fund , which has helped save nearly 9 million lives Gates : Global Fund Replenishment will aim to raise funding for next three years
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund recorded an emphatic 5-0 win over second-from-bottom Freiburg on Saturday to improve an already healthy goal difference and stay top of the Bundesliga . Jurgen Klopp 's side lost their 100 % record last weekend when they drew 1-1 with Nuremburg , but bounced back brilliantly against 10-man Freiburg at the Signal Iduna Park . The rout got underway in the 35th minute when Marcus Reus tapped in after Robert Lewandowski 's shot had been palmed away by goalkeeper Oliver Baumann . Read more : Chelsea draw with Spurs as City and United slump The lead was doubled ten minutes later after defender Fallou Diagne was shown a straight red card for pulling down Lewandowski inside the penalty area . Reus stepped up to convert the resulting spot kick . Lewandowski got in on the act in the 58th minute to make it 3-0 before adding a fourth goal 12 minutes later . Jakub B  aszczykowski 's goal 11 minutes from time ensured Dortmund boosted their goal difference to plus 16 -- four ahead of their Bavarian rivals . Bayern , who put four goals past Schalke last weekend , had to settle for a 1-0 win over Wolfsburg at the Allianz Arena on Saturday . Pep Guardiola 's men created chances galore but only one was converted -- Thomas Muller directing Franck Ribery 's low cross goalwards in the 62nd minute . Bayern travel to Manchester City on Wednesday for the second round of Champions League group matches . Dortmund host the French side Marseille -- a team they lost to twice in the group stages two seasons ago -- on Tuesday . Bayer Leverkusen kept pace with the leaders with a 2-0 win over fourth-place Hannover . First-half goals from Simon Rolfes and Sidney Sam earned the home side a sixth win in seven matches to consolidate third place , one point behind both Dortmund and Bayern . Elsewhere , Hertha Berlin move up to fifth with a 3-1 over mid-table Mainz , while the game between Hoffenheim and Schalke ended in a 3-3 draw .	Borussia Dortmund thrash second-from-bottom Freiburg to stay top of league Bayern Munich beat Wolfsburg to stay second on goal difference Bayer Leverkusen consolidate third place with 2-0 win over Hannover
CNN  -- Police have executed a search warrant at the apartment complex where a missing Indiana University student lives , and authorities acknowledged Wednesday that they are becoming increasingly concerned about her safety . "  We believe that the chances are very great that there was foul play " in the disappearance of 20-year-old Lauren Spierer , Bloomington Police Department Lt. Bill Parker said at a news conference Wednesday morning . Spierer was last seen around 4:30 a.m. Friday walking away from an apartment building at 11th and Morton streets in Bloomington , a few blocks from her home , after going to a bar with friends the night before . An acquaintance saw her walk toward the intersection of 11th Street and College Avenue , but police have said surveillance cameras at the Smallwood Plaza apartment complex , where she lives , do not show her arriving . Parker said officers were looking for copies of security camera footage from that night when they broke through the doors at Smallwood Plaza Tuesday . He did not know why they were initially denied access , but he added that Smallwood personnel have been cooperative since . He explained that they obtained the search warrant because private businesses commonly want official paperwork before turning over evidence , and that was "  perfectly normal . " In a statement provided to Bloomington 's Herald-Times newspaper , a representative for the building 's management said that nobody with a key was available on-site when police arrived to serve the warrant . According to the statement , "  Smallwood Plaza has and will continue to fully support and cooperate with this police investigation , and respects the decision to obtain these hard drives as quickly as possible . " Parker said police have video of Spierer entering the apartment complex around 2:40 a.m. on Friday with a friend and then exiting 10 minutes later , although she did not go into her own apartment while she was there . They believe she and the friend then walked to the building at 11th and Morton , where other friends live . Authorities are still examining the recordings , but Parker said , "  We did not see indications on that video that she was being forced . " Police have interviewed many people , including Spierer 's boyfriend and the friends she went out with the night she disappeared . They are also working on conducting polygraph exams . Investigators have obtained some evidence of value , but Parker would not specify what has been collected . While anyone who was with Spierer on June 3 is considered a person of interest , Parker said , "  We do n't have anybody that we can characterize as a suspect . " Police and volunteer searches continued Wednesday . Parker said that a representative from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children will assist in coordinating the searches . "  The entire city has been searched at least once " at this point , according to Parker , and some areas , particularly those close to Spierer 's apartment building , have been looked at multiple times . Police now want to expand the searches beyond the city limits , although they do not have specific information indicating that Spierer was taken out of the city . Spierer 's father also spoke at Wednesday 's news conference , again thanking the police and volunteers for all of their assistance . "  It 's critical that we focus on finding Lauren , " Robert Spierer said , noting that people from their hometown in Westchester County , New York , and others from around the country have come out to help with the searches . "  It 's really hot out there . These people are incredible , " he said of the volunteers . ROTC members in particular have been searching some difficult terrain , according to Spierer . He again urged anyone with information related to his daughter to contact authorities , insisting that "  nothing is too small , nothing is too insignificant . " Lauren Spierer is described as 4-foot-11 and approximately 95 pounds , with blond hair and blue eyes . When she disappeared , she was wearing black stretch pants , a tank top , a loose , light-colored shirt and no shoes . Robert Spierer provided two numbers that people can call with tips : the Bloomington Police Department at 812-339-4477 and a tip line set up by America 's Most Wanted at 800-CRIME-TV . All information can be provided anonymously .	Authorities becoming increasingly concerned about Lauren Spierer 's safety Spierer , 20 , was last seen early Friday walking away from friends ' apartment building Officers looking for copies of security camera footage from her apartment complex Police : "  We do n't have anybody that we can characterize as a suspect "
CNN  -- She 's only 4-foot-9 , but Charice has a towering voice . When she applies her vocal pipes to a Whitney Houston ballad , she makes it look as easy as tying her shoelaces . "  She 's incredible , " says her producer and mentor , Grammy-winner David Foster . A veteran at nurturing new artists , he likens Charice 's star power to another talent he helped discover . "  It 's like the first time I saw Celine Dion . It 's exactly the same to me . " Even Dion is paying attention to the teen . In 2008 , she invited Charice on stage at Madison Square Garden in New York for a duet of her hit song "  Because You Loved Me . " Charice , who has idolized Dion since she was 4 , was only 16 at the time . Last week , Charice celebrated her 18th birthday  we interviewed her a couple of weeks beforehand  by releasing her self-titled debut album in the United States . She may have gotten her start singing power pop ballads in local contests in her native Philippines  which later translated to key performances for Oprah and Ellen  , but her album has a more youthful , dance-pop feel . The lead single "  Pyramid , " featuring singer Iyaz , is in the No. 1 spot on Billboard 's dance chart . Some more tidbits about Charice : Feedback welcome Clips of Charice on YouTube get views in the millions , but the singer says she ca n't bare to watch them . She does , however , read the comments people post about her performances : "  If it 's good to them then it 's good to me because they 're watching and they know if it 's good or not . I 'm depending on their comments because it 's really , really weird watching myself . " Call me , JT ! Charice has already performed with her idols Celine Dion and Andrea Bocelli , so who 's next on her wish list ? "  I 'm hoping and I 'm praying either Justin Timberlake or Beyonce 'cause I love them both . Beyonce is one of my inspirations . Her attitude , her style , her voice ... she 's perfect . " Home follows her Charice and her brother , Karl , were raised by their single mother in the Philippines . Her Filipino fans are extremely loyal and show up in generous numbers to her live shows in America . Says Charice : "  I 'm really proud to be Filipino . Filipinos are really supportive , and I want to thank all of them . I love them ! " Teetering on footwear While Charice feels most comfortable wearing sneakers  "  I 'm a Nike girl "  , she 's enjoying collecting pairs of impressively high heels , which she says she needs to boost her diminutive stature on stage . On that note , Charice says Oprah imparted sage advice during one of Charice 's visits to "  The Oprah Winfrey Show . " She said , ` Keep your feet on the ground even though you 're wearing high shoes . ' " Tiny dancer And when she 's not balancing on towering heels , Charice says she can pull off a pretty solid moonwalk : "  When I was 4 years old , I thought that I wanted to be a dancer like Michael Jackson . "	Charice once performed at Madison Square Garden with Celine Dion Producer David Foster calls the young singer incredible Last week , Charice released her self-titled debut album in the United States Charice and her brother , Karl , were raised by their single mother in the Philippines
CNN  -- Dating a supermodel . Becoming an astronaut . Simultaneously being struck by lightning and attacked by a shark . The chance of any or all of that happening to you is probably greater than winning Wednesday night 's Powerball drawing . Still , someone might have hit the jackpot . The winning numbers were 7 , 10 , 35 , 32 and 22 and Powerball 19 . Before the drawing , millions bought up tickets , thinking more about the dream than the odds . "  I do it because I have a slight chance , " said Fabrizo , a New Yorker who gave only his first name . "  I think if I won , I 'd quit my job for sure , even without notice . " It 's a safe bet that Fabrizio will be at work Thursday . Powerball fever is back in a big way , with Wednesday evening 's jackpot estimated at $ 400 million , with a cash value of $ 223 million , the Multi-State Lottery Association said . Sandy victims among the ` Ocean 's 16 ' Powerball winners It 's the fourth-largest lottery prize in U.S. history . The biggest in American history was $ 665 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . The greatest Powerball jackpot was the $ 590.5 million won with a single ticket in Florida this past May . Powerball is played in 43 states , Washington and the U.S. Virgin Islands . Sonya Georgieva , who lives in Queens , New York , purchased her Powerball ticket Tuesday . "  It 's just a little hope , " she says . "  I think you have to believe you will win , and then it will happen . " That 's one strategy . And statistically speaking , it does n't add up . The Multi-State Lottery Association said the odds of winning the grand prize are one in 175,223,510 . Consider that number for a moment . And then consider that you probably have a much better chance of dating someone like Kate Upton . According to the "  Book of Odds , " the chances of having a romantic relationship with a supermodel are about one in 88,000 . Here are some other interesting probabilities : From the Harvard School of Public Health :  Dying from a bee sting : one in 6.1 million .  Dying from a lightning strike : one in 3 million . From U.S. Hole in One , which insures golf prizes for holes in one :  A golfer hitting a hole in one on consecutive par-3 holes : one in about 156 million . From a 2011 State Farm study on collisions between vehicles and deer :  Hitting a deer with a vehicle in Hawaii , the state where State Farm says deer-vehicle collisions are least likely : one in 6,267 . From the National Weather Service :  Being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime : one in 10,000 . From the Florida Museum of Natural History , based on U.S. beach injury statistics :  Drowning and other beach-related fatalities : one in 2 million .  Being attacked by a shark : one in 11.5 million . Woman who won portion of $ 448 million Powerball comes forward	NEW : The lucky numbers are 7 , 10 , 35 , 32 and 22 and Powerball 19 The jackpot is the fourth-largest lottery prize in U.S. history Multi-State Lottery Association : Odds of winning the grand prize are one in 175,223,510 Weather service : Odds of being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime are one in 10,000
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday , his spokesman Tenzin Taklha told CNN Sunday . The Dalai Lama with French first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy on a recent visit to France . The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours , but the Dalai Lama will not be admitted to the hospital , the spokesman said . The Dalai Lama , who lives in exile in the north Indian hill town of Dharamsala , will travel to the Indian capital on Monday . The 73-year-old Tibetan leader was hospitalized in Mumbai in August for abdominal discomfort . Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday .	Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a medical exam this week Dalai Lama was recently admitted for tests after suffering abdominal discomfort The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours
Oprah.com  -- When Chicagoan Tammy Jo Long visited Savannah , Georgia , ten years ago , she was delighted by its fountain-filled parks , corner caf  s -- and grand architecture . Long had always been a design aficionado , but the Italianate and Victorian homes she encountered in Savannah became "  an obsession , " she says . "  I saw a mansion with enormous cornices and cast-iron window surrounds , and I was hooked . " So hooked , in fact , that she decided to buy a second home there , closing the deal on her next visit . Oprah.com : What 's Your Design Style ? Her learning curve : Long was determined to restore her new house to its original glory . Though she 'd remodeled a few kitchens and bathrooms over the years , a historically accurate renovation that did justice to the Savannah architecture she loved was daunting . Oprah.com : 5 things a professional organizer wants you to know But the all-nighters spent poring over floor plans and scouring eBay for doorknobs paid off : Every detail of the home -- from the crown moldings to the brass finger pulls -- is as it was in the 1800s . Yearning to share her handiwork , Long turned the home into a vacation rental . Soon , enchanted out-of-towners were eagerly booking their stays . Oprah.com : ingenious ways to decorate small spaces Her business model : In 2003 Long quit her job in sales and bought and restored four more homes , traveling between Savannah and Chicago  where she and her ex-husband share custody of their 9-year-old son  . "  Some of the properties had been vacant for 20 years , " Long says . "  They had rats you could put a saddle on . " Oprah.com : 5 savvy storage solutions from stylish women They 're now certified landmarks -- with 14-foot ceilings , elaborate plaster medallions , and sweeping staircases -- and can be experienced firsthand through Luxury Living Savannah , Long 's vacation rental company . As much as she adores re-creating these relics , Long loves sharing them even more . "  People get to stay in a piece of history , " she says . "  Women get to be Scarlett O'Hara for the weekend . I take great pleasure in that . " Oprah.com : 8 people who turned their dreams into reality Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Savannah , Georgia 's Italianate and Victorian homes became Tammy Jo Long 's obsession Long researched floor plans and fixture resources to get a historically accurate renovation Long 's renovations are available to rent for a vacation in Savannah
CNN  -- Passengers on the US Airways flight that crash-landed into the Hudson River Thursday afternoon praised the actions and courage of the pilot , a safety consultant with 40 years of experience in the aviation industry . Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , a former Air Force fighter pilot , has been with US Airways since 1980 . Sources tell CNN that Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger was piloting US Airways flight 1549 from New York 's LaGuardia airport to Charlotte , North Carolina , when at least one of the plane 's engines failed . Passenger Jeff Kolodjay offered "  kudos " to Sullenberger for a landing that minimized damage to the aircraft and its 155 passengers and crew . "  All of a sudden the captain came on and he told us to brace ourselves and probably brace ourselves pretty hard . But he did an amazing job -- kudos to him on that landing , " said Kolodjay , who was sitting in seat 22A . Sullenberger 's wife told CNN that she was stunned to hear the news from her husband after it was all over . "  I had n't been watching the news . I 've heard Sully say to people , ` It 's rare for an airline pilot to have an incident in their career , ' " said Lori Sullenberger of Danville , California . "  When he called me he said , ` There 's been an accident . ' At first I thought it was something minor , but then he told me the circumstances and my body started shaking and I rushed to get our daughters out of school . " US Airways said all 155 passengers and crew are alive and safely off the plane . The crash-landing has also earned the former fighter pilot and private safety consultant accolades from state and government officials . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg commended the pilot for not leaving the plane without checking to make sure every passenger had been evacuated . "  It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out , " Bloomberg said at a press conference Thursday . "  I had a long conversation with the pilot . He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board -- and assures us there was not . " Sullenberger apparently was forced to make an emergency landing after geese were sucked into one or both of the jet 's engines . An eyewitness working on the west side of Manhattan said the belly of the plane touched the water first . An official who heard tape recordings of the radio traffic from Flight 1549 reported the pilot was extraordinarily calm during the event . "  There was no panic , no hysterics , " the official said . "  It was professional , it was calm , it was methodical . It was everything you hoped it could be . " The pilot and air traffic controller discussed options , including landing at Teterboro airport in New Jersey , the official said . Then there was a "  period of time where there was no communications back , and I 'm assuming he was concentrating on more important things . " Sullenberger 's background in aviation appeared to have prepared him for such a situation . He has been a pilot with US Airways since 1980 , following seven years in the U.S. Air Force . His resume -- posted on the Web site for his safety consulting firm , Safety Reliability Methods , Inc. -- lists piloting procedures , technical safety strategies , emergency management and operations improvement , as areas of industry expertise . He served as an instructor and Air Line Pilots Association safety chairman , accident investigator and national technical committee member , according to a biography on the site . He participated in several USAF and National Transportation Safety Board accident investigations , and worked with NASA scientists on a paper on error and aviation , his site says . For the passengers on flight 1549 , Sullenberger 's skill and expertise were apparent . iReport.com : Did you see the crash-landing ? Send images "  I 've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing , " said passenger Fred Berretta said . Berretta was sitting in seat 16A right over one of the engines when it failed and the pilot turned the plane to align it with the Hudson River . He described silence in the plane as the passengers waited to hear from the crew . A few moments later , the direction to brace for landing came . "  It was an amazing piece of airmanship , " said Peter Goelz , a former NTSB managing director .	NEW : Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger has been a pilot with US Airways since 1980 NEW : Former Air Force fighter pilot has worked with NASA as safety consultant NYC mayor says pilot checked plane twice for passengers before leaving "  I 've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing , " passenger said
CNN  -- Neymar plays football like he tackles life -- with flair , excitement and a sense of fun . At 20 , he is potentially the best young player on the planet , and is tipped to follow in the illustrious footsteps of Brazilian icons such as Ronaldo , Ronaldinho and perhaps even the legendary Pele . The Santos forward 's flamboyant tricks and flicks have captured the attention of scouts around the world , with his exceptional solo strike against Flamengo earning him FIFA 's 2011 Ferenc Puskas award for the year 's best goal . And his flair on the pitch is more than matched off it . Neymar was pictured several times lapping up the party atmosphere during the recent carnival season in his homeland . Can Qatari cash make PSG a football force ? "  I 'm 20 years old , I have to take advantage of being young , " he told CNN . "  It 's hard , especially for me . I want to do this and that , but I have to follow a line . I 'm a professional player and a professional athlete . I have to resist some things to get ahead in the future . That 's my life . " Despite his appetite for the sights and sounds of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro , Neymar is still working hard to improve all aspects of his game . "  I 'm always trying to perfect everything -- dribbling , shooting , headers and control . You can always improve , " said the striker , who last year helped Santos win South America 's top club tournament , the Copa Libertadores . Neymar is also becoming an increasingly important part of the Mano Manezes ' Brazil national team , scoring eight goals in his first 16 games for his country . "  Being on the Brazilian team is a privilege , " he said . "  There are some marvelous players and I 'm very happy to be among them . " In 2014 , the World Cup will arrive in Brazil , and the country 's football fans expect their "  Samba Kings " to claim a record sixth crown on home soil . But Neymar is not letting himself get distracted by dreams of glory . "  It 's two years away , it 's a long time . But in football , time passes quickly . So I have to constantly be playing a good game , constantly working so that I 'm in every line up , " he said . Whether Neymar will still be plying his trade in Brazil when the four-yearly tournament comes around is unclear . He has been heavily linked with a move to Spanish and European champions Barcelona , Real Madrid and English side Chelsea . "  I do n't know about the future , " he said . "  It is two years , a lot can happen . I do n't know if I 'll leave or if I 'll stay , there are a lot of things ahead ... Barcelona is an excellent team . If not the best team of all time , then they are among the best . " Joining the Catalan club would give Neymar the chance to team up with a player who he has been drawing favorable comparisons with , Argentina 's three-time FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi . "  The best player currently is Messi . I think he is a great player at an excellent time on a great team . So for me , he is the best , " he said . Earning a move to one of Europe 's leading teams would depend on Neymar keeping on the straight and narrow . If he does stray too far from his sporting duties , his father is there to get him back on track . "  My father has been by my side since I was little , " he said . "  He takes care of things , my finances and my family . "  He is the one who is in charge . He 's the boss . There 's always somebody nearby , keeping an eye on me more than watching me . "	Brazil star Neymar says he has to enjoy being young while he has the chance The 20-year-old has recently been seen partying during Brazil 's carnival season The Santos forward is unsure if he will be playing in Brazil when the 2014 World Cup arrives Neymar thinks three-time FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi is the world 's best player
CNN  -- Authorities in Portage , Wisconsin , worked Sunday to evacuate residents as a levee along the Wisconsin River approached imminent failure after heavy rainfall soaked the Midwest last week . "  It could collapse at any time , " said Greg Matthews , a spokesman for Wisconsin 's Department of Natural Resources . An alert sent out by Columbia County Emergency Management on Sunday urged residents near Blackhawk Park to evacuate immediately ahead of the flooding , which is expected to wash out a main road leading to about 150 residences . "  Emergency vehicles including police , fire and EMS will not be able to reach residents , " the statement said . By 4 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  , it was unclear how many residents remained in their homes , said Kathy Johnson , the deputy director of the county 's emergency management department . "  Anyone in there right now wo n't be able to come out , " she told CNN . A Red Cross shelter was opened at a nearby church to accommodate displaced residents . The Wisconsin River crested Sunday at 20.4 feet -- nearly 3.5 feet above flood level , according to the National Weather Service , putting major pressure on the 120-year-old Caledonia-Lewiston levee system . Officials with the Department of Natural Resources have been monitoring the levee all week and working to repair any problem areas , but Matthews said Sunday that "  this is one problem we have not been able to contain and it 's getting worse . " The levee system , built in the 1890s , was constructed from locally available materials -- mostly sand -- "  without any engineering design or adherence to any standards , " DNR said in a statement Friday . "  This is a 120-year-old relic , " Matthews said . "  It 's made of sand . ... A modern levee that our engineers would be familiar with would be constructed of steel and concrete . So if it does fail we really quite frankly do n't know the extent and scope of what might happen . " The river is expected to begin gradually falling Sunday evening before dropping below flood stage by Wednesday , the weather service said . The levee 's anticipated failure comes after a week of rainfall that dumped as much as 11 inches of rain in parts of Wisconsin and neighboring Minnesota . Floodgates along the Menominee River in Niagara , Wisconsin , were opened earlier this week to ease pressure on dams . Video showed a torrent of water gushing from the overflowing dam . "  I have never seen the water rage down like it is , " CNN iReporter Jason Asselin said . In Northfield , Minnesota , authorities called late last week for large scale sandbagging in an effort to protect homes and businesses from the rising Cannon River Canal , according to iReporter Peter Holland . And in Biron , Wisconsin , just north of Wisconsin Rapids in the central portion of the state , iReporter Tim Krause said Saturday that the flooding is "  starting to get a bit scary . We have houses that are flooding in our neighborhood . " CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said Sunday that there 's no immediate end in sight to the flooding . "  Even though some of these rivers have crested ... keep in mind that they 're still in flood , so this is going to be a problem for a couple of days , " Jeras said . "  Many of these rivers are all going to be dumping into the Mississippi River which then in turn will rise up and we 'll see some flooding there , maybe in La Crosse and the Winona areas later in the week . " CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this report .	The aging levee system is under pressure after heavy rainfall last week As much as 11 inches of rain fell in parts of Wisconsin and Minnesota Flooding is expected to continue over the next few days
In an old office building at NASA 's Ames Research Center in Mountain View , California , there 's a room stacked high with plastic containers of synthetic urine . Researchers dip small white paddles into the liquid , wait for a grid of squares to change colors , and snap a photo with a custom smartphone app . It 's all part of a futuristic self-diagnosis kit from startup Scanadu , which is competing to be the future of DIY health care . Scanadu is one of 10 teams taking part in the Qualcomm Tricorder X Prize contest to create an affordable , handheld device that consumers can use to diagnose their medical conditions at home . The goal is to make a working version of "  Star Trek 's " tricorder , the television show 's fictional diagnostic device . In the series , the ship 's doctor would wave the portable black box over a patent 's body and immediately know if a person had broken bones , a disease or if they were going to die . The real-life tricorder must weigh less than 5 pounds , monitor five vital signs and detect 15 medical conditions . It should let people measure their own blood pressure , heart rate , temperature , oxygen saturation and respiratory rate . Each system will be able to diagnose common health conditions including diabetes , anemia , sleep apnea and pneumonia . "  We 're asking teams to put together an aggregation of technologies that 's never been done before , " said Dr. Erik Viirre , the technical and medical director for the Tricorder X Prize . "  We 're spurring things to market faster , better and cheaper . " The multiyear contest is run by X Prize , a nonprofit organization that attempts to accelerate major technological advances . Last week , the judges narrowed down the field of 41 teams to 10 , which now have until April to create working prototypes for consumer tests . The three groups that make the most successful tricorders will split a $ 10 million prize . In 2005 , Walter De Brouwer 's 5-year-old son jumped out of a window and fell 36 feet to the ground . After a year in emergency rooms , operating rooms and the ICU , De Brouwer had a whole new perspective on hospitals . He saw firsthand how powerless patients often were . Inspired by the less invasive medical devices from science fiction , he moved to Silicon Valley and started Scanadu . " ` Star Trek ' was not TV , it was a business plan , " said 57-year-old De Brouwer . Scanadu is already close to having working prototypes of its tricorder system . In addition to the Scanaflo  a single-use urine test  the company has created the Scanadu Scout , a palm-sized disc you press to your forehead or temple for 10 seconds to take vital signs , including blood pressure , temperature , heart and respiratory rate . The readings are imported to a smartphone , analyzed and tracked over time . De Brouwer 's vision is to have a constant collection of data that creates a baseline for each user . That information will allow the Scanadu app to detect issues early , even before there are noticeable symptoms . These types of devices are not meant to replace doctors , but to fill in when in-person medical care is not available , affordable or necessary . Every day , Dr. Basil Harris sees patients who have waited too long to seek treatment , often because they lack insurance or a primary care giver . There 's a steady stream of them at the Chicago emergency room where he works , showing up days after the first symptoms of serious illnesses . Harris , who also has a Ph.D. in engineering , leads the Tricorder X Prize finalist team Final Frontier Medical Devices . His tricorder combines a regular tablet computer with a separate Bluetooth gadget that takes vitals and runs other tests . The companion tablet app walks the patient through the same types of questions Harris asks every patient who comes into his ER . "  It does everything you would expect a normal physician to do , " said Harris . "  What an ER doctor does is make diagnoses . Doing that is somewhat an art and somewhat science . " His team is also working on a novel approach to a neurological exam . Using the tablet , they can test users ' vision , picking up on subtle defects caused by illness . For example , if a person has suffered from a hemorrhagic stroke , they might lose some vision on just one side . The tests could detect the issue and tell the person to seek medical help immediately , cutting down on the chance of permanent disability . Inventing a new medical device is only the first step to getting it into the hands of real people . Perhaps even more useful than the money is how the X Prize is working with the Food and Drug Administration . Getting regulatory compliance for a new product is notoriously difficult and expensive , and it requires clinical trials . But the FDA is working closely with the X Prize organization . The X Prize will also manage the vigorous final tests that determine which devices will win . Each team must produce 30 working prototypes of their tricorders for consumer testers . They 'll be used and reviewed by people who have one of the conditions the tricorders are required to detect . The final teams hail from six countries . They include doctors , engineers , undergrads , entrepreneurs and researchers , and all have unique approaches to the technology . Many , like Scanadu , Final Frontier and Slovenian team MESI Simplifying Diagnostics , are creating small gadgets that work with existing mobile devices . Some are taking a more traditional approach with things like blood pressure cuffs and finger pricks . The Danvantri team from India is working on a low-cost device worn around the neck specifically for developing countries . One thing they all agree on is that this technology 's time is now . "  This device , whether it 's mine or someone else 's , is coming , " said Harris . "  It puts the information in the hands of the consumer where they can make actionable decisions . It really levels the playing field . "	Contest seeks a real tricorder that can measure vital signs and detect illnesses They are part of the $ 10 million Tricorder X Prize challenge Many use smartphones , tablets to create mobile self-diagnostic devices for consumers The gadgets could give people more control over their own health care
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Did Oscar Pistorius have time to think before he shot and killed his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp last year ? That 's the question that state prosecutor Gerrie Nel dug into Thursday with a doctor who has spent years working with the disabled athlete . "  His intention was to shoot , whoever he came across -- if he came across anyone " in his home on a February night last year , Nel put to the doctor , Wayne Derman . "  I suppose if he came across an intruder or danger , he would shoot , " Derman responded . And Pistorius was firing to kill , the prosecutor said . Derman , a defense witness , paused a long time before he finally responded . "  He was aiming to neutralize the threat , " the doctor said . Nel let those words hang in the air for a long moment before announcing that he was done with his questions for the day . Pistorius , 27 , is on trial for murder , and while he admits firing the bullets that killed Steenkamp , he pleaded not guilty . He says he mistakenly thought he was defending himself from an intruder . The prosecution says the two had an argument and he deliberately murdered the model and law school graduate , who was 29 . ` Two Oscars ' Derman spent all day Thursday on the stand , first testifying under defense questioning that Pistorius ' double amputation is key to understanding his behavior . Do not be taken in by the fact that Pistorius is one of the fastest runners in the world -- remember he is disabled , he argued . Derman ran through a long list of the difficulties that double amputees experience every day , concluding : "  The saddest thing I have learned through my six years of working with athletes with disability is that disability never sleeps . "  It 's there when you go to sleep at night and it 's there when you wake up in the morning . It affects nearly every aspect of your life , " he said . Pistorius ' defense team seems to be trying to establish that he acted reasonably , given who he is , when he killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine 's Day 2013 . Judge Thokozile Masipa must decide whether he made a genuine mistake and , if so , whether the mistake and his response were reasonable . The South African Olympian 's defense team has been exploring his psychology this week . His lawyer Kenny Oldwadge posited Thursday that there were "  two Oscars , " one of whom was a global sports star and one of whom was "  vulnerable " and "  scared . " "  I am stuffed without my legs on , " his lawyer quoted him as saying , using a slang term meaning "  in trouble . " Witness reliability Prosecutor Nel went after Derman aggressively in his cross-examination , exploring whether the shooting was an instinctive "  fight-or-flight " response or the result of conscious thought . The question of whether Pistorius is found guilty of premeditated murder could hinge on the answer . Exchanges between the two got testy , with Nel trying to get the doctor to explain Pistorius ' actions moment by moment on the night he killed Steenkamp . Derman said it was impossible for him to answer theoretical questions about what Pistorius might have been thinking or doing at a given instant because he , Derman , knew what had actually happened after the moment in question . Frustrated , he appealed to Judge Masipa , but she sided with Nel , firmly instructing the witness to answer his questions or say he did n't know . Nel began his cross-examination by suggesting that Derman was not a trustworthy witness because he had a responsibility to Pistorius as his doctor . Masipa rejected the objection . The prosecutor kept up the attack , demanding to know when Derman had made particular notes on Pistorius , whether the court should believe Derman or Pistorius when their evidence differed , and the meaning of the word "  subsequent . " Derman grew irritated with Nel when the prosecutor responded : "  That 's not true " to a statement Derman gave , and he appealed to the judge that Nel was being "  unprofessional . " Masipa agreed and ordered Nel to withdraw the remark . Nel , in turn , showed annoyance with Derman asking which "  incident " he was referring to . "  The killing ! " Nel shouted back at him . Suicide risk The defense has been exploring Pistorius ' mental health for several days . On Wednesday , his lead lawyer Barry Roux said Pistorius is depressed , suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , and is a suicide risk , according to the doctors who spent a month evaluating his mental health . But he does not appear to have a history of abnormal aggression or psychopathic tendencies linked to "  rage-type murders in intimate relations , " they found . The conclusions are a "  slam-dunk for the defense , " CNN legal expert Kelly Phelps said . The psychiatric report seemed to suggest that Pistorius ' version of events was plausible . "  When Mr. Pistorius 's appraisal of the situation is that he might be physically threatened , a fear response follows that might seem extraordinary when viewed from the perspective of a normal bodied person , but normal in the context of a disabled person with his history , " the doctors found . Several witnesses have testified that Pistorius tends to arm himself and go toward danger , rather than away from it , when he thinks he is under threat . At the trial 's conclusion , Judge Masipa will have to decide whether Pistorius , 27 , genuinely made a mistake or deliberately murdered his girlfriend . If Masipa does not believe the athlete thought there was an intruder , she will find him guilty of murder and sentence him to a prison term ranging from 15 years to life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . If Masipa accepts that Pistorius did not know that Steenkamp was the person he was shooting at , she could find him guilty of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , or acquit him , according to CNN analyst Phelps . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at Masipa 's discretion . The trial is scheduled to continue Monday for a 38th day . Read more : Judge sends Pistorius for psychiatric tests	NEW : Oscar Pistorius was shooting to kill , the prosecution argues at his murder trial Pistorius ' defense team highlights his disability and vulnerabilities The athlete is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp He says he shot Steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intruder
MURRAYVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- A few weeks before 13-year-old Jonathan King killed himself , he told his parents that his teachers had put him in "  time-out . " The room where Jonathan King hanged himself is shown after his death . It is no longer used , a school official said . "  We thought that meant go sit in the corner and be quiet for a few minutes , " Tina King said , tears washing her face as she remembered the child she called "  our baby ... a good kid . " But time-out in the boy 's north Georgia special education school was spent in something akin to a prison cell -- a concrete room latched from the outside , its tiny window obscured by a piece of paper . Called a seclusion room , it 's where in November 2004 , Jonathan hanged himself with a cord a teacher gave him to hold up his pants . Watch Jonathan 's parents on their son 's death " An attorney representing the school has denied any wrongdoing . Seclusion rooms , sometimes called time-out rooms , are used across the nation , generally for special needs children . Critics say that along with the death of Jonathan , many mentally disabled and autistic children have been injured or traumatized . Few states have laws on using seclusion rooms , though 24 states have written guidelines , according to a 2007 study conducted by a Clemson University researcher . Texas , which was included in that study , has stopped using seclusion and restraint . Georgia has just begun to draft guidelines , four years after Jonathan 's death . Based on conversations with officials in 22 states with written guidelines , seclusion is intended as a last resort when other attempts to calm a child have failed or when a student is hurting himself or others . Michigan requires that a child held in seclusion have constant supervision from an instructor trained specifically in special education , and that confinement not exceed 15 minutes . Connecticut education spokesman Tom Murphy said "  time-out rooms " were used sparingly and were "  usually small rooms with padding on the walls . " Only Vermont tracks how many children are kept in seclusion from year to year , though two other states , Minnesota and New Mexico , say they have been using the rooms less frequently in recent years . Dr. Veronica Garcia , New Mexico 's education secretary , said her state had found more sophisticated and better ways to solve behavior problems . Garcia , whose brother is autistic , said , "  The idea of confining a child in a room repeatedly and as punishment , that 's an ethics violation I would never tolerate . " But researchers say that the rooms , in some cases , are being misused and that children are suffering . Public schools in the United States are now educating more than half a million more students with disabilities than they did a decade ago , according to the National Education Association . "  Teachers are n't trained to handle that , " said Dr. Roger Pierangelo , executive director of the National Association of Special Education Teachers . "  When you have an out-of-control student threatening your class -- it 's not right and it can be very damaging -- but seclusion is used as a ` quick fix ' in many cases . " Former Rhode Island special education superintendent Leslie Ryan told CNN that she thought she was helping a disabled fifth-grader by keeping him in a "  chill room " in the basement of a public elementary school that was later deemed a fire hazard . "  All I know is I tried to help this boy , and I had very few options , " Ryan said . After the public learned of the room , she resigned from her post with the department but remains with the school . School records do not indicate why Jonathan King was repeatedly confined to the concrete room or what , if any , positive outcome was expected . His parents say they do n't recognize the boy described in records as one who liked to kick and punch his classmates . They have launched a wrongful death lawsuit against the school -- the Alpine Program in Gainesville -- which has denied any wrongdoing . A Georgia judge is expected to rule soon on whether the case can be brought before a jury . Jonathan 's parents say the boy had been diagnosed since kindergarten with severe depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . But his father remembers him as a boy who was happy when he sang in the church choir . "  He was a hugger , liked to go fishing with me and run after me saying , ` Daddy , when are we going to the lake ? ' " Don King said . King said that he wanted to know if there were similar situations in other schools and that critics of seclusion rooms fear there could be . "  Jonathan 's case is the worst of the worst , but it should be a warning . It 's reasonable to think that it could happen in all the other schools that use seclusion on disabled children -- largely because the use of seclusion goes so unchecked , " said Jane Hudson , an attorney with the National Disability Rights Network . "  This is one of those most unregulated , unresearched areas I 've come across , " said Joseph Ryan , a Clemson University special education researcher who has worked in schools for disabled kids and co-authored a study on the use of seclusion . "  You have very little oversight in schools of these rooms -- first because the general public does n't really even know they exist , " he said . There is no national database tracking seclusion incidents in schools , though many have been described in media reports , lawsuits , disability advocacy groups ' investigations and on blogs catering to parents who say their child had been held in seclusion . Disability Rights California , a federally funded watchdog group , found that teachers dragged children into seclusion rooms they could not leave . In one case , they found a retarded 8-year-old had been locked alone in a seclusion room in a northeast California elementary school for at least 31 days in a year . "  What we found outrageous was that we went to the schools and asked to see the rooms and were denied , " said Leslie Morrison , a psychiatric nurse and attorney who led the 2007 investigation that substantiated at least six cases of abuse involving seclusion in public schools . "  It took a lot of fighting to eventually get in to see where these children were held . " CNN asked every school official interviewed if a reporter could visit a seclusion room and was denied every time . In other instances of alleged abuse :  A Tennessee mother alleged in a federal suit against the Learn Center in Clinton that her 51-pound 9-year-old autistic son was bruised when school instructors used their body weight on his legs and torso to hold him down before putting him in a "  quiet room " for four hours . Principal Gary Houck of the Learn Center , which serves disabled children , said lawyers have advised him not to discuss the case .  Eight-year-old Isabel Loeffler , who has autism , was held down by her teachers and confined in a storage closet where she pulled out her hair and wet her pants at her Dallas County , Iowa , elementary school . Last year , a judge found that the school had violated the girl 's rights . "  What we 're talking about is trauma , " said her father , Doug Loeffler . "  She spent hours in wet clothes , crying to be let out . " Waukee school district attorney Matt Novak told CNN that the school has denied any wrongdoing .  A mentally retarded 14-year-old in Killeen , Texas , died from his teachers pressing on his chest in an effort to restrain him in 2001 . Texas passed a law to limit both restraint and seclusion in schools because the two methods are often used together . Federal law requires that schools develop behavioral plans for students with disabilities . These plans are supposed to explicitly explain behavior problems and methods the teacher is allowed to use to stop it , including using music to calm a child or allowing a student to take a break from schoolwork . A behavioral plan for Jonathan King , provided to CNN by the Kings ' attorney , shows that Jonathan was confined in the seclusion room on 15 separate days for infractions ranging from cursing and threatening other students to physically striking classmates . Howard "  Sandy " Addis , the director of the Pioneer education agency which oversees Alpine , said that the room where Jonathan died is no longer in use . Citing the ongoing litigation , he declined to answer questions about the King case but defended the use of seclusion for "  an emergency safety situation . " The Alpine Program 's attorney , Phil Hartley , said Jonathan 's actions leading up to his suicide did not suggest the boy was "  serious " about killing himself . Jonathan 's actions were an "  effort to get attention , " Hartley said . "  This is a program designed for students with severe emotional disabilities and problems , " he said . "  It is a program which frequently deals with students who use various methods of getting attention , avoiding work . " A substitute employee placed in charge of watching the room on the day Jonathan died said in an affidavit that he had no training in the use of seclusion , and did n't know Jonathan had threatened suicide weeks earlier . The Kings say they would have removed their son from the school if they knew he was being held in seclusion , or that he had expressed a desire to hurt himself . "  We would have home schooled him or taken him to another psychologist , " said Don King . "  If we would have known , our boy would have never been in that room . He would still be alive . "	Mentally disabled , autistic kids injured , traumatized in school seclusion rooms 13-year-old Georgia boy hanged himself in room with cord teacher gave him Autistic Iowa girl confined in school storage closet where she pulled out her hair
Mental Floss  -- When it comes to the following tourist destinations , the trick will be getting there before the wrecking ball does . Limestone pinnacles do not make Nauru a pinnacle of success in the tourism business . 1 . Nauru This tiny island in the South Pacific may soon be completely uninhabitable , and it 's all because the locals forgot to follow the Boy Scout motto : Be prepared . Since the turn of the 20th century , Nauru has been one of the world 's prime sources for phosphate , a mineral compound formed over time from bird excrement , and an important ingredient in fertilizer . Phosphate mining quickly made Nauru rich , and at one point , the island even boasted the world 's second-highest per capita GDP . But , as it turns out , basing your entire economy on dung can have its drawbacks . For one thing , phosphate is a limited resource . By 2000 , many believed the island 's supply had dried up . In fact , all mining ceased until the government managed to hunt down the last few traces of the mineral in 2006 . But the phosphate will soon be gone , leaving Nauru without a profitable export and without decent , farmable land . That 's because phosphate runs in veins throughout the limestone and coral foundation of the island . To collect it , miners have to rip up the ground , leaving pillars and pits of less-valuable land behind . About four-fifths of the island is now ravaged to the point that no crops can grow and no one can inhabit it . Worse , the ruined landscape collects heat , which ends up creating a pattern of warm air that prevents rain clouds from forming . Currently , Nauru imports almost all its food and water , and there do n't seem to be any industries poised to replace mining once the phosphate is gone . 2 . The Dead Sea The Dead Sea is famous for being the lowest point on Earth  an ear-popping 1,400 feet below sea level  and for being so salty that humans naturally float on top of it . But in recent years , it 's also become famous for the tremendous rate at which it 's evaporating . Currently , the Sea recedes about 3 feet each year , leaving ever-growing plains of salty , puckered , sinkhole-prone dirt in its wake . To really understand the phenomenon , tourists need only visit the Ein Gedi Spa . When it opened 20 years ago , you could step out the back door and be within a few feet of the salty water . But today , the Sea has receded so much that the trek to its shore amounts to a 1-mile hike . The Dead Sea 's imminent demise is also due to its neighbors ' need for water . For the past several decades , Israelis , Palestinians , and Jordanians have been siphoning off more and more of the River Jordan -- the Dead Sea 's primary water source . Growing populations and increased agriculture now require so much hydration that the Jordan is barely a trickle of its former self . Several solutions have been suggested , but the most promising is a canal that would funnel water from the Red Sea to the Middle East . The only problem is that the plan relies on Israel , Palestine , and Jordan engaging in long-term friendly relations -- something that may not happen in time to save the treasured landmark . 3 . Mexico City We 've all felt that "  sinking " feeling in the pit of our stomachs before , but imagine having it under the soles of your shoes -- all the time . That 's part of life in Mexico City , which is built on the site of a former lake . In fact , the city was originally built on the lake , via a series of Aztec-designed aquatic platforms . Nifty as that was , the Spanish conquerors who tore through the land in the 16th century preferred a more traditional approach to urbanization , so they drained the lake and built a European-style city in the empty basin . Almost immediately , this proved to be a poor idea . Foundations sank into the soft clay and left many buildings tilting at odd angles . That alone might have made Mexico City just a little eccentric -- charming , even . But as its population ballooned during the 20th century , the government had to search for new sources of water . Officials ended up pumping much of the city 's supply out of the underground aquifer that had once fed the lake , which amounted to yet another bad idea . As the aquifer emptied , the soft clay above sank faster and deeper . In the past century , Mexico City has sunk more than 30 feet . Even worse , there 's no clear , practical plan today for how to stop the droop and still provide water for the area 's 22 million people . We suggest you run for the border with a camera and click some pics while you still can . 4 . Amish Country Do n't get us wrong ; in 20 years , there will still be Amish people , and there will still be places known as "  Amish Country . " But , chances are , both will be very different from their traditional versions . The Amish , who originally emigrated from Europe in the 18th century , are most closely associated with farming and a technology-free lifestyle . And while the community has valued its isolation since the 1970s , those cultural norms have been shifting . The key culprit ? The ever-skyrocketing price of land . Amish families typically have an average of seven children , which translates to a fast-growing population -- a population that 's running out of room to expand . Because rural regions have become more popular with average Americans , many places that were farmland 20 years ago are now subdivisions , factories , and office complexes  not to mention a fair share of Amish Country tourist condos  . Basically , the Amish need more land , but that land is now scarcer and more expensive . So what 's a separatist religious community to do ? In many cases , the answer has been "  become less separatist . " Today , a majority of Amish do n't rely on farming as their sole source of income . Many have side businesses , often connected with the tourism industry , and some Amish have even taken jobs in non-Amish owned factories , making the old life increasingly difficult to maintain . 5 . Freetown Christiania The area now known as Freetown Christiania was originally a military base meant to defend one of the main waterways into the Danish capital of Copenhagen . But in 1971 , it was captured by an invasion force nobody in the Danish military expected -- hippies . At the time , the base was n't being used , so it was pretty easy for a gaggle of unarmed characters to take over . Beyond simply staging a short-term sit-in , the group hunkered down for the long haul and declared the abandoned base its own autonomous country . With little resistance from Denmark 's tolerant government , the residents of Christiania spent the next several years building a society where all property is collectively owned , all decisions are made by painstaking group consensus , and all marijuana is openly grown and sold . Through the years , the hippies became entrepreneurs as well -- founding businesses , opening cafes and music venues , and even inventing and marketing a transport bicycle perfect for moving large loads through Christiania 's car-free streets . Despite its status as one of Copenhagen 's top tourist attractions , Christiania 's days may be numbered . Since 2004 , the newly elected conservative government has been cracking down on the hippie enclave -- first by staging a major drug bust and , more recently , by instituting a redevelopment plan for the land  which is still , technically , federal property  . One major change tentatively approved by Christiania residents in April 2007 would turn the Citizen 's Council into a regular public housing association and greatly increase rents . According to the Copenhagen Post , adult Christianians previously paid about $ 45 a month into a common fund to live there . Now , they 'll have to pay the government closer to $ 800 a month . In addition , the plan gives the government the authority to tear down some hippie-built homes and replace them with  gasp !  condos . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some tourist destinations may not last forever Dead Sea is evaporating three feet per year Amish running out of farmable land Mexico City is slowing sinking
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Thousands of defiant protesters swept again Saturday into the streets of the Iranian capital , where they clashed with police armed with batons , tear gas and water cannons . Demonstrators run past a burning barricade Saturday on a street in Tehran , Iran . A stream of videos posted on social networking Web sites depicted scenes of chaos -- the sound of gunshots and helicopters whirring overhead and graphic images of wounded men and women being carried away . Unconfirmed reports put the death toll as high as 150 on the seventh day of post-election protests . Sources at one Tehran hospital confirmed 19 deaths Saturday . The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said numerous protesters who had been beaten and injured by security forces were arrested and detained when they sought medical treatment in hospitals . It said fear of arrest had reportedly driven injured protesters , some in serious condition , to seek care at foreign embassies . One woman , Shahnaz , said riot police used batons and water hoses to keep her and about 300 other people from reaching Revolution Square in central Tehran . She said she saw helicopters hovering and then she saw tear gas . Shahnaz is being identified only by her first name for safety reasons . Verifiable information was hard to come by . The Ministry of Culture on Saturday banned international media from reporting on the demonstrations unless they receive permission from Iranian authorities . A freelance journalist said it was "  very dangerous " to take pictures . Watch police and protesters clash " At midnight , a stretch of a main avenue near Revolution Square was littered with rocks , street signs and burned tires and trash , witnesses said . Windows were shattered and hundreds of uniformed riot police lined the streets . In wealthy neighborhoods , reports surfaced late Saturday of raids by the Basiji militia , a paramilitary security force loyal to the government . The demonstrations unfolded as opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi reportedly declared he was ready for "  martyrdom . " That was the message posted on Moussavi 's page on Facebook , the social networking Web site that has proved to be a key source of information in the absence of international media coverage . iReport.com : Share images from Iran The message urged Moussavi 's supporters to "  protest " and "  not go to work . " "  Today you are the media , " said one message . "  It is your duty to report and keep the hope alive . " Iran 's ruling system is "  going to the slaughterhouse , " a post on the site said . The post , attributed to Moussavi , reasserted his call for a new election to be overseen by an independent council . The authenticity of the information could not immediately be established , but its posting coincided with growing unrest by demonstrators , who complain that hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's election victory was rigged . The protests were held in open defiance of warnings issued Friday by Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and the country 's Security Council . Those authorities had said that protest organizers -- specifically Moussavi -- would be held accountable if the protests led to bloodshed . See images of the clashes Saturday " One video showed a woman trying to protect a man being beaten and kicked by protesters near a motorcycle in flames . Another showed that the unrest had spread beyond the capital -- police clad in riot gear dispersing a crowd at a university in the southern city of Shiraz , beating screaming women with their batons . Witnesses in Tehran said crowd members were chanting "  Death to Khamenei ! " and "  I will kill whoever killed my brother ! " The latter phrase dates to Iran 's 1979 Islamic revolution that brought Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to power . Watch how protesters ' tone has changed " The chants from rooftops of "  Allahu Akbar "  God is great  grew longer and louder . In a story posted Saturday on the Web site of the government-run Press TV , Iran 's deputy police commander said 400 police personnel had been wounded since the opposition rallies began last weekend . "  Families of those killed or injured in the events since June 12 have filed 2,000 complaints so far , " acting Police Chief Brigadier Gen. Ahmad-Reza Radan told Iran 's Fars news agency . Radan said 10,000 complaints had been filed by people asserting that their daily lives had been disrupted , adding , "  They have called on the police to deal with rallies firmly . " Demonstrators gathered in major cities in France , the United States and Germany to condemn the crackdown . Watch demonstrators in New York demand change " In Washington , President Obama urged the Iranian government to stop the violence . "  The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching , " Obama said in a written statement . "  We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . " "  If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community , it must respect the dignity of its own people and govern through consent , not coercion , " the statement said . On Saturday night , the Iranian state-run news agency IRINN said an attacker had been killed earlier in the day outside Tehran at the entrance to the mausoleum that holds the body of Ayatollah Khomeini . The agency said the man "  carrying the bomb " was killed , and there were no other casualties . Press TV was reporting that the bomber was the sole fatality , and that three other people were wounded at the shrine to Khomeini , the father of the Islamic Revolution that swept the shah of Iran from power in 1979 . Khomeini is regarded as the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran . With international journalists restricted from covering events in the capital , Iranians were again using cell phones and social networking sites to get news out . CNN was told that many protesters removed the SIM card , or memory chip , from their cell phones to prevent the government from tracing their calls . Watch a protest at Shiraz University " Witnesses reported that cell phone service was cut off in the area after 5:30 p.m. Meanwhile , the Iranian government said Saturday it is ready to randomly recount up to 10 percent of "  ballot boxes . " The government agency that oversees elections , the Guardian Council , said it had received more than 600 complaints of irregularities from the three candidates .	NEW : Wounded protesters seek treatment at embassies , rights group says NEW : Iran 's system "  going to the slaughterhouse , " Moussavi 's Facebook page says Hospitals say 19 killed ; unconfirmed reports put toll as high as 150 Police use water cannon and batons on crowds of demonstrators
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso believes all the pressure is on Sebastian Vettel as the title rivals head into their F1 championship decider in Brazil this weekend . Alonso trails the reigning two-time champion by just 13 points going into Sunday 's final grand prix of the season at Interlagos but has tried to play down his own chances . "  The first priority is to be on the podium , which gives us a possibility to score more than 13 points and then we need to wait for the result from Red Bull , " he told Thursday 's official press conference . "  It is not in our hands , we have not much to lose -- the only possibility is to win something . If he  Vettel  wins , fine . We try again next year . "  There is always pressure but we have less than other occasions and less than leading the championship . We have nothing to lose , " added the Ferrari ace . Red Bull 's Vettel admitted that the pressure of expectation of an historic third straight title was real . "  It 's obviously normal if you are in that position , " he admitted . "  We are in a strong position , we can be happy with that , but we have to focus on every single step to get the job done here , " added the 25-year-old German , who would be the youngest driver to achieve a hat-trick of world championships . Alonso said it was unlikely that his Ferrari would challenge the Red Bulls or McLaren in qualifying where he has been consistently off the pace . "  There is no magic that you can put in the car in five days . We were seventh in Abu Dhabi  qualifying  , ninth in Austin , so those positions should be normal but hopefully we can do a better job . " Alonso battled through in Austin to finish an eventual third at the U.S. Grand Prix last Sunday to keep his title hopes alive behind winner Lewis Hamilton and second-placed Vettel . The Spaniard was helped by Ferrari 's decision to enforce a gear box change on teammate Felipe Massa 's car , dropping the Brazilian five places on the grid and moving Alonso up to a more favorable position at the start . Vettel , who could have clinched the title at the Circuit of Americas , said he was untroubled by the controversy surrounding the move . "  What they do is not in our hands . I did n't follow up whether Felipe had real trouble with the gearbox or not , but it is not our job to focus on these things , " he said . "  It is a different approach compared to our team . That is how life is , everyone handles certain situation in a different way . " Hamilton is racing in his final grand prix for McLaren after a big-money switch to Mercedes and is desperate to sign off with a win . "  It 's going to be a tough one , but we will try to push as hard as we can , as we did in the last race , to try to win . I 've never won here before , " he said . The race also brings down the curtain on the F1 career of former seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , who is quitting for the second time after his largely fruitless return with Mercedes . "  I 'm quite happy to finish here and go for a different life , " he admitted .	F1 world title to be decided in Brazil GP this weekend Sebastian Vettel leads Fernando Alonso by 13 points going into race at Interlagos Vettel bidding for third straight title in his Red Bull Ferrari 's Alonso is a two-time former champion
New Zealand police are investigating three incidents of suspicious packages -- one containing a document referencing Ebola -- that arrived at Parliament , a newspaper and the U.S. Embassy on Tuesday . The package that arrived at Parliament in Wellington was received in the mailroom and had , along with a document that mentioned the deadly virus , a small plastic bottle with a tiny amount of liquid in it , authorities said . An explosives squad was called in to secure the package . Inspector Marty Parker with the police communication center in Wellington told CNN that the U.S. Embassy there also reported receiving a package "  possibly " containing liquids . Parker said it 's too early to tell whether that incident is related to the others . The New Zealand Herald reported that the package it received in Auckland is a suspected hoax , but it has handed it over to police for investigation .	Police : Package at Parliament contains bottle with liquid , document referencing Ebola The New Zealand Herald receives a package in Auckland U.S. Embassy in Wellington gets a package
CNN  Harvesting papayas is Lemeul Mantey 's livelihood . He 's determined to get the best out of his trees , which grow in the farming community of Nsawam , west of the Ghanaian capital of Accra . To get the juiciest fruit , careful planning and preparation is vital . "  If you want to kill the weeds , you put on your knapsack sprayer , put in water and chemicals , take your protective clothes and then spray , " Mantey explains . "  You kill all the weeds , that 's the practice . " Ghana may not produce as many papayas  also known as pawpaw  as Nigeria , but the country was formerly a big exporter of the brightly colored commodity . These days , it is pineapple which is key for Ghanaian growers , who exported close to 46,000 tonnes in 2011 . Business survival With labor and input costs increasing for those in the agricultural sector , farmers in the country face enormous pressure to sustain their business . As over 53 % of Ghana 's total workforce was employed in agriculture in 2013 , surviving these harsh conditions is essential for the West African nation . And survival means thinking smart and being business savvy . "  Agribusiness for me denotes the collective business activities that are performed from farm to the dining table , " explains Malindube Kombase , regional director of Mobile Business Clinic . "  These involve input supply , the production of food and the actual delivery of food to the end user . " The group Kombase runs is devoted to helping farmers and other agricultural workers grow their operations by offering training in good business practices . "  Most agribusiness entrepreneurs are not running their companies as businesses , but rather as lifestyle companies , " Kombase says . "  Without much vision , without enough corporate governance structures , without proper record keeping systems . " Creative collaboration The biggest problem Kombase sees with agribusinesses is that key decisions are made by the owners without involving their workers . He considers this management structure as a threat to both the growth and the survival of some agribusinesses . Through its three-month training workshop , Mobile Business Clinic seeks to improve the skills of CEOs , who in turn will have "  better access to appropriate resources for growth . " The benefits of working in a collaborative way are stressed to the participants who at the end of the program form clubs to share ideas and support each other . "  Most -LSB- participants -RSB- are well experienced and have a lot of skills and experience that would be useful for their colleagues , " Kombase says . "  These clubs form a repository of skills , knowledge and experience that young entrepreneurs , especially in the agribusiness sector , can rely on to start their businesses and turn it around . " Another potential benefit that could emerge from this collaborative approach is diversifying output . "  Farmers are not looking for hand-outs , " says Michael Abu Sakara Foster , agribusiness executive for Sacco Farms . " -LSB- We can -RSB- really raise the contribution of agriculture to the GDP , and in fact , diversify the kind of crops that we depend on and also make the economy more robust . " Expanding operations As well as gaining knowledge from the workshop , some farmers also come away with increased confidence . "  It 's very expensive raising chickens in Ghana , " explains Anthony Korkuvi , who runs an egg business with his wife in Nsawam . "  Chicks are very expensive , then the feed is also very expensive , and then . at times , diseases also disturb us -- especially if you do n't give them the right vaccinations . " Having recently completed the training , Korkuvi is now beginning to think big . His plans include expanding beyond Nsawam , and to possibly even Accra . Such a move would require external capital investment . "  There is enough funding available for agribusiness entrepreneurs but most investors would want to see some structures in the businesses in order to have enough confidence to put their money in , " argues Kombase . "  If there are no corporate governance structures , the investor would not be interested . " Pig farmer Nii Daniel , who also produces chicken and papaya , has seen the benefits of learning business skills . "  I have acquired a lot of insight into my marketing strategy and administration , " Daniel explains . "  Now I can be able to prepare my own accounts . I have also gotten -LSB- to know -RSB- that I have to involve the workers , the attendants in my vision , my program . Because I have to let them know the program we have for the farm -- they should also be part of it . " Part of this collaborative approach is involving his neighbor , cattle man Malik Abdul . Now , when Daniel has a problem Abdul is ready to help and he too has changed his way of thinking . With a solid business foundation , and the help of some good neighbors , these farmers are confident they will reap the rewards . "  If you ca n't get inspired by these guys , you wo n't be inspired by anything in your entire life , " says Kombase . "  We need ... to make sure that they grow their businesses , make a few dollars , but contribute a lot to the food security , not just in Ghana , but in Africa . " More from Marketplace AfricaRead this : S. Africans beef up UAE 's food industryRead this : Banana fiber helps landmine victims	Over 53 % of Ghana 's workforce was employed in agriculture in 2013 Farmers in Ghana are learning collaborative business practices Workshops are teaching farmers how to expand their businesses Ghana exported 46,000 tonnes of pineapple in 2011
Rome  CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta 's coalition government survived a confidence vote Wednesday by a healthy margin , with 235 senators voting in favor to 70 against . The threat receded shortly before the vote when former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi unexpectedly dropped his bid to topple the government , saying his party 's lawmakers would support the motion . Berlusconi 's move came after members of his center-right People of Freedom Party signaled they would defy his orders and back the government . The lower house of parliament is still scheduled to vote on a motion of confidence in Letta 's government later Wednesday . However , the prime minister has a majority in that chamber and is not in serious danger of losing the vote . Before the senators voted , Letta , of the center-left Democratic Party , appealed for their backing , warning that Italy faced a "  fatal " risk with the confidence vote . Amanpour : Berlusconi turns Italy into a political circus Letta , who took office five months ago , argued that the country needs political stability to help its recovery from its economic woes . "  A government and political crisis would only mean more economic difficulties , " he told lawmakers . "  It means not going through with the reforms needed to boost the economy and help the unemployed and the country . It means that the rest of Europe still looks at us as ` the unfixable ' messy country . " The crisis was triggered when Berlusconi on Saturday ordered ministers from his party to pull out of the fragile coalition government . But the former prime minister 's political gamble appears to have divided his own party , resulting in his sudden climbdown . Italian news agency Ansa had earlier cited People of Freedom Party member Carlo Giovanardi as saying that more than 40 center-right lawmakers were willing to back Letta 's government . Observers speculate that the reported fracturing within Berlusconi 's party could be the beginning of the end of his checkered political career . "  I definitely do not believe that this time around Mister Berlusconi can escape his fate , " Former Prime Minister Mario Monti told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Wednesday from Rome . "  He has been pronounced defeated and out of politics many , many times in the past . He has given proof of an incredible resilience , but I believe this time he will not . " A look at the life of Silvio Berlusconi On Friday , Berlusconi will be the subject of a parliamentary committee that will consider whether he should lose his Senate seat after a conviction for tax fraud was upheld by Italy 's supreme court two months ago . He has insisted the prosecutions against him are politically motivated . In an apparent reference to Berlusconi 's legal difficulties , Letta told senators Wednesday that they must make a distinction between the judicial troubles of Berlusconi , or any other member of parliament , and the job of the executive . Letta said reforms to pull Italy out of recession must continue , and that political stability is the key to boosting growth and creating more jobs . Italians want to see their elected representatives govern , not indulge in political drama , he said . He appealed to the Senate to have the courage and strength to back the confidence motion , for the sake of the country . The formation of the coalition government in April ended weeks of uncertainty following inconclusive elections in February . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , has dominated the lively history of Italian politics for the past two decades . For years , he has also been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached the Italian courts . He is currently appealing a prison sentence handed down in June for abuse of power and having sex with an underage prostitute . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Prime Minister Enrico Letta handily wins a confidence vote in the Italian Senate He is also expected to win a confidence vote in the lower house of Parliament Silvio Berlusconi drops a bid to topple the government , says his party backs Letta Berlusconi could lose his Senate seat after a conviction for tax fraud was upheld
CNN  -- When Navy snipers rescued an American cargo-ship captain last month from Somali pirates , it sounded like something from a movie . This shooting game by Games2Win.com lets players try to rescue a ship captain from Somali pirates . But in today 's instant-gratification culture , there 's no need to wait for Hollywood to re-enact that dramatic high-seas story . Video game developers are already on the case . Online gaming site Games2Win launched "  Saving Captain Phillips , " a simple , two-dimensional shooting game , within nine days of the actual rescue . Not to be outdone , Kuma Games followed soon afterwards with "  Somali Showdown : Pirates on the High Seas , " a PC multiplayer action game that puts players in the middle of a pirate attack on a cargo ship -- and even lets them become one of the pirates . These are just several of many online and cell-phone games based on recent news events . "  Hero on the Hudson , " a primitive Flash game , lets people pretend they 're pilot Chesley Sullenberger and navigate a plummeting airliner to a safe water landing . A successful attempt brings applause , while a botched landing results in a sinking plane , accompanied by ominous gurgling sounds . "  Baseball Juiced , " launched last month with a social message and already played 1.4 million times online , forces batters to pick between using steroids or working out in a gym . In "  Swinefighter , " gamers seek to save the world from the spread of swine flu . And "  Trillion Dollar Bailout " lets players try to boost the economy by awarding government cash to shady corporate fat-cats or struggling homeowners  well , duh  . Such topical , and satirical , games speak to our need for a light-hearted break from serious news , said DigitalTrends.com publisher Scott Steinberg . "  So many events in the news are devastating , " he said . "  These games are a fun escape . They 're good for a laugh , and nobody gets hurt -- unlike in the real world . " The idea to publish games based on news events was inspired in part by the success of viral videos such as JibJab 's "  This Land , " an animated online parody that became an instant sensation during the 2004 presidential election season , said David Williams , who heads up the Nickelodeon Kids and Family Games Group . "  It went around the world like wildfire , " said Williams , whose group runs Addicting Games , a teen gaming site that he said had 11.7 million unique users last month . The success of "  This Land " signaled that people who got a kick from watching a topical video spoof online might just as easily spend a few minutes playing a similar game . Some early examples included "  Cheney 's Fury , " inspired by the former U.S. vice president 's 2006 hunting mishap , and the "  Zidane Head Butt Game , " which invited players to relive the startling 2006 World Cup moment in which French soccer player Zinedine Zidane went after an Italian player head first . As several global leaders have discovered , almost any embarrassing episode can be turned into a video game . Last December 's incident at a Baghdad news conference , at which an Iraqi journalist hurled his shoes at then-U.S. President George W. Bush , inspired several games . Out of the United Kingdom came one hastily-published version , "  Sock and Awe , " which encouraged players to throw shoes at Bush . As of this week , sockandawe.com reports that more than 94 million virtual size-10 shoes have walloped the former leader of the free world . And as if viral videos of his dozing off at a Group of Seven news conference in February were n't embarrassing enough , former Japanese Finance Minister Shoichi Nakagawa soon had a game to remind him of his slumber blunder . Translated by a spokesman for the Japanese developer LiveWare Inc. as "  Doze off while answering question ! , " the Flash game for mobile phones challenges players to keep the minister awake long enough to answer reporters . Gamers win points by having Nakagawa answer journalists ' questions on time , but the game ends if the minister falls asleep while being asked a question . More recently , Cellufun , a New York-based company that fosters mobile communities , launched "  Made Off , " a game that invites online players to outscam businessman Bernard Madoff , who pleaded guilty to defrauding thousands of investors . "  Think you 've got what it takes to build a better Ponzi scheme than Bernie ? " the site asks . "  Always wanted to rob , cheat and steal from innocent investors ? Well now 's your chance ! ... Play as a slimy Fund Manager , a savvy investor , or both . " Some reality-based games hit too close to home , however . Late last month , publisher Konami killed one controversial game before it was even released . "  Six Days in Fallujah " was billed as a documentary-like experience in which players could feel like they were part of the 2004 U.S. campaign against insurgents in the Iraqi city . Although Iraq War veterans were enlisted as consultants in the game 's development , critics accused the publisher of trivializing one of the bloodiest battles of an ongoing war . A Konami spokesperson told CNN he could n't comment on the matter . A few ambitious game developers such as NewsGaming.com publish challenging , event-inspired online simulations . "  September 12 " lets players explore the U.S. response to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , while "  Madrid " takes a similar approach to the March 11 , 2004 , attacks in Spain . "  Traditionally , videogames have focused on fantasy rather than reality , but we believe that they can be a great tool for better understanding our world , " explains the site . "  We prefer games that encourage critical thinking , even if the player disagrees with our games ' ideas . " But most news-related games are simple Flash games that are churned out quickly to capitalize on current events . While amusing at first , they lack the complexity to hold gamers ' attention for long , experts say . "  They 're not very sophisticated . They 're pretty much like home brew ... made by two or three people in their basement for a laugh , " said DigitalTrends ' Steinberg . "  They 're flashes in the pan . They can rack up millions of plays , but three years from now , will anybody still be trying to get the high score on ` Swinefighter ? ' "	Developers are creating online and cell phone games inspired by real news events Gamers can land a plane on the Hudson or build a Madoff-like investment scheme Many are primitive , two-dimensional Flash games that do n't hold long-term interest One controversial game , "  Six Days in Fallujah , " was yanked by its publisher
Brunswick , Georgia  CNN  -- The mother and the aunt of one of the two teenage boys accused of fatally shooting a 13-month-old baby in Brunswick , Georgia , have been arrested , according to documents in the case . Seventeen-year-old murder suspect De'Marquise Elkins ' mother , Karimah Aisha Elkins , 36 , and his aunt , Katrina Latrelle Elkins , 33 , are accused of "  false statements or writings , " among other charges , the complaint said . Authorities held both women in the Glynn County Detention Center until they were released on $ 1,104 bond . Katrina Elkins also was held for an unrelated probation violation . Also Tuesday , police investigating the case found a weapon and are trying to determine if it is connected to the shooting , a Brunswick police spokesman said . Last Thursday , Sherry West told reporters she was pushing her baby in a stroller in broad daylight when two teenagers approached her . One demanded money and pointed at her what West first thought was a fake gun . But he fired at her , missing her head and hitting her in the leg , West said , and then the teen shot her baby in the face . Both of the suspects were charged with murder last week , and made their first appearance in court Monday . Wearing an orange jumpsuit , his hands and feet shackled , the 15-year-old listened as Glynn County Judge Timothy Barton read him his Miranda rights . The younger suspect is not being identified because of his age . Previously , the boy 's age was reported as 14 . Authorities have not yet said whether the teen will be considered a juvenile or adult , and the teen did not enter a plea . Asked if he had any questions , the teen told the judge , "  no sir . " The 15-year-old 's mother , Brenda Moses , said her son was "  just a witness , " and that "  he did n't do anything wrong . " "  My feelings go out to the mother , and the baby and my baby , " Moses said . "  They 've handled this investigation wrong , and the truth is going to come out . " Baby shot dead in stroller ; 2 Georgia teens charged Elkins also did not enter a plea when he appeared in court Monday . He was dressed in regular clothes , but his hands and feet were handcuffed and he wore a belt shackle . Elkins ' attorney , Jonathan Lockwood , spoke for him during the appearance . When he arrived in the courtroom , the teen turned to his mother , Karimah Elkins , and nodded . At the end of the appearance , she said , "  I love you , Marquise . " "  I 'll never hear his first word ' West said she was her way home Thursday from the post office last week when she was confronted by the teens . "  I thought he was just using a toy gun to scare me . And then he shot at my head , and the bullet grazed my ear and the side of my head , and then he shot me in the leg , and I still thought that it was a fake gun , " she told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  He kept asking me  for money  , and I kept telling him I do n't have any , " she said . "  He shot my baby in the face , and then I knew it was a real gun . " West , 42 , said she started screaming . She took her son out of his harness and started CPR . She saw his lungs inflate but could n't get a pulse , she said . Police and medical personnel took over when they arrived , West said , but it was too late . Her son died . "  I 'll never hear his first word , " West said . Baby 's death marks 2nd time Georgia mom loses a son to violence West has said she has no doubt that authorities have her baby 's killer in custody : "  It 's definitely him . " "  I just hope , you know , that the shooter dies . I mean , I had to watch my baby die and I want him to die . A life for a life , " she said . Immediately after the shooting , detectives searched her home for a gun and conducted gun residue tests on both her and the baby 's father , West said , adding that the tests were negative and the search did not turn up a gun . Citing the ongoing investigation , police spokesman Todd Rhodes declined to comment when asked about the search and those tests . West also said she gave a detective a jacket she was wearing at the time of the shooting . She told police she was grabbed or shoved briefly by the suspected shooter , and they hope to lift a fingerprint off the jacket , she said . This is n't the first time West has lost a son to violence . Her 18-year-old son was stabbed to death in 2008 in New Jersey , she said . "  This is the second child that people have taken from me in a tragic way , " West said . "  I 'm so afraid to have any more babies now . I tried to raise really good kids in a wicked world . " 911 calls reveal witnesses ' horror Police in the coastal city of Brunswick released to CNN three recordings of 911 calls about Thursday 's shooting . "  A baby has been shot ! " one woman said in a 911 call . The exchange with the emergency operator was emotionally charged . "  Listen to me , ma'am ! Is the baby breathing ? " the operator replied . "  I do n't know , " the woman said . She began to cry . "  Listen to me ! " the operator said to the weeping woman . "  We have people en route . Did you hear shots in the area ? " Yes , she heard shots , she said . "  Be calm , " the operator said . "  How many shots did you hear ? " "  I heard like three shots . And the baby has been shot in the head , " the woman said . The woman was so distraught that she passed her cell phone to a man walking his dog . "  No , the baby is not breathing , " the man told the operator . "  The baby was shot in the head ? " the operator continued . "  Yes , right between the eyes , " the man said , adding that he earlier heard a "  small-caliber clap . " As he spoke , sirens wailed as police arrived on the scene , and the man broke off the phone call .	NEW : Mom , aunt accused of "  false statement or writings " NEW : Investigators in the case find a weapon , trying to determine if it 's linked to the shooting Two teenagers , ages 17 and 15 , are accused of murder in the baby 's death Sherry West demands "  a life for a life ; " "  I had to watch my baby die and I want him to die "
Melbourne , Australia  CNN  A man stands on a beach in a distant land . Waves lap his ankles . He wades through the gentle dawn light , arms outstretched , his head held high . He is fully dressed ; not a tourist but a freedom fighter . A photograph of this man , beamed around the world , becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty . It is 2015 . The man is Peter Greste . If you thought the man might have been an Anzac on the shores of Gallipoli , such is the power of persuasion . It 's easy to lead a horse to water when , in the centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign , our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance . The sum total of television programming , beer advertising , political grandstanding and opportunistic marketing suggests that the historical legacy of Australia 's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation : young  white  man plus distant beach equals sacrifice . There is nothing intrinsically wrong with military commemoration that honors the dead . Last weekend I planted Gallipoli rosemary in my backyard ; part of the proceeds go to the Avenues of Honour , a national project to preserve and restore Australia 's living memorials . More objectionable is the fact that war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game . To widen the scope of historical tribute , and also recall the words and deeds of the Australian men and women who fought against the prescribed route of militaristic sentiment , is to risk being branded disrespectful and divisive . But the unassailable fact is that the first world war ripped Australia asunder . Even at the time , the Great War itself was divisive , a historical reality belied by today 's bland , blanket coverage of "  the Anzac spirit " . Australia 's participation in the war was contested from the outset . On August 11 , 1914 , veteran political campaigner Vida Goldstein wrote in her Woman Voter newspaper : "  It is a fearful reflection on 2,000 years of Christianity that men have rushed into war before using every combined effort to prevent this appalling conflict . " As she had done 20 years earlier in mobilizing forces around the issue of female suffrage , Goldstein rallied her own army of foot soldiers with fighting words . "  The time has come for women to show that they , as givers of life , refuse to give their sons as material for slaughter . " Australian and New Zealand women had a unique advantage in shaping public debate : the vote . "  The enfranchised women of Australia are political units in the British Empire , " Goldstein argued , "  and they ought to lead the world in sane methods of dealing with these conflicts . " Goldstein 's early entreaties failed to bite with the general populace . Under the newly legislated War Precautions Act , the Woman Voter suffered censorship , leading Goldstein and her Women 's Peace Army to fight on multiple fronts : "  We are fighting for Civil Liberty and against Military Despotism . " Around the nation , trade unionists opposed to "  the capitalist war " joined the movement . Australia had the only entirely voluntary military service among the Allied forces ; less than 40 % of eligible men signed up to fight "  for King and Country . " As the carnage at Gallipoli brought home the realities of war , recruitment fell and peace activism became more widespread . General strikes halted industry , as workers reacted to the food shortages , unemployment and rising poverty that threatened the social accord of "  the Working Man 's Paradise . " With enlistments falling away in 1916 , Prime Minister Billy Hughes pushed for conscription and pushed through the Unlawful Associations Act . Groups that voiced opposition to the war , like the International Workers of the World , were banned and dissidents were jailed for publishing material "  likely to cause disaffection or alarm " . When waterfront workers and coal miners went on strike , the War Precautions Act was invoked to send them back to work . In September 1916 , the Sydney Twelve were arrested and tried for treason . "  Fifteen years for 15 words " was how one of the prisoners described his crime and punishment . The conscription referendums of October 28 , 1916 , and December 20 , 1917 , became a massive rallying point for people who opposed the war -- or the federal government 's domestic policies . There were diverse reasons for that opposition , including the anti-British sentiments of Irish Catholic Australians . In Melbourne , the meeting place for such public debate was Yarra Bank , a pocket of land nestled between what today is Birrarung Marr and the Rod Laver Arena . Anti-conscription demonstrations saw up to 100,000 people gather on the dusty banks of dirty brown Yarra River . Most protest meetings were peaceful , but one became infamously violent . "  Riotous scenes at Yarra Bank " , headlines around the nation proclaimed , when a demonstration organized by the Women 's Peace Army in the week before the 1916 referendum turned nasty and returned servicemen began to attack female speakers . Both conscription referendums ultimately failed . The Australian Dictionary of Biography contains profiles of 174 anti-conscriptionists , many of whom went to jail , including Vida Goldstein 's compatriots Adela Pankhurst and Jennie Baines . Baines was imprisoned for refusing to pay the fine she was issued for flying a red flag at Yarra Bank in 1918 . She is reputedly the first Australian prisoner to go on a hunger strike . Other protesters were deported . As historian Janet Butler reminds us : "  It does take a special kind of bravery to stand against the tide . " The enduring legacies of the first world war emanate beyond the battlefields of Gallipoli , manifested not only in the "  shattered Anzacs " whose families bore the burden of care , but also in the class and sectarian divisions that shaped Australia 's social and political relations in the 20th century . Lest we also forget that the democratic freedoms we hold dear today -- freedom of the press , freedom of assembly , freedom of speech -- were won in battles fought on home soil by courageous women and men who sacrificed much , but are still accorded little recognition . Perhaps , by the 125th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign , when we again celebrate our national liberation narratives , we will come to associate riverbanks , as well as beaches , with the potent ebb and flow of freedom . Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	April 25 , 2015 marks the centenary of the start of the Gallipoli Campaign in Turkey during WWI Anzac troops stormed the beaches at Gallipoli , beginning a bloody eight-month campaign
NEW YORK  CNN  -- When stock markets are soaring , people think they 're making money because they 're geniuses . But when the market tanks -- which it always does , sooner or later -- people look for villains to blame for their losses . Allan Sloan says the real lesson of the Madoff case is not to rely on others to protect your investments . That brings us to Bernie Madoff , who has become the iconic symbol of the current horrible market and economic meltdown , even though he really had nothing to do with it . Yes , Madoff sure seems to be a really , really bad guy who ruined lots and lots of lives and should probably be locked up for the rest of his natural days . But Madoff 's misdeeds -- or as our lawyers would prefer , his alleged misdeeds -- have nothing to do with the market meltdown that has sliced trillions of dollars from our collective net worth . He 's become the symbol of the current meltdown the same way that uber-tastemaker Martha Stewart became a face of the 2001-02 corporate crime wave , even though the misdeeds of which she was convicted -- misleading government investigators -- were less than penny-ante compared to the multi-billion dollar frauds that first built up and then destroyed giant companies such as Enron and WorldCom . Along with Madoff , the Securities and Exchange Commission is being portrayed as the villain of the piece , having failed to catch him long ago when his alleged depredations must have been much smaller . Instead , it gave him a few wrist slaps until he confessed his misdeeds a month ago . But , tips from Boston money manager Harry Markopoulos over the years notwithstanding , it 's not at all surprising that the SEC missed Madoff . In fact , I 'd have been amazed if the SEC had been the ones to catch him . Why ? I do n't want to seem cynical or jaded , but after almost 40 years of covering business news , I 've seen the same thing happen over and over because of the way regulators are trained . If someone runs a little bit out of the baseline by chiseling on numbers or playing some other game , regulators are pretty good at catching him  or her  . But if -- like Madoff -- you make up numbers from scratch and deal with huge sums , you 're so far out of the baseline that regulators are n't looking for you there . It 's very hard for an SEC regulator to wrap his head around the idea that an establishment guy like Madoff -- a Nasdaq market pioneer and an occasional consultant to the SEC -- is capable of just making things up out of whole cloth . But , it would appear , he was . And as an aside , it 's easy to blame George W. Bush 's anti-regulation policies for the SEC not catching Madoff . But Markopoulos ' original tips reached the SEC when Bill Clinton was president . Like newspapers , where I used to work , regulators get all sorts of tips coming across the transom . As in newspapers , I suspect , many of the tips end up ignored . Markopoulos was right about Madoff 's operation being a fraud . But his magnum opus -- an 18-page 2005 letter listing 29 "  red flags " -- is quite dense and confusing , probably because he 'd gotten frustrated after years of not being taken very seriously . Unfortunately , the letter did n't list what would have been  in hindsight , naturally  the simplest tip-off : that this supposedly multi-billion dollar operation was audited by an obscure three-person accounting firm . As Jim Heatherington , a Tulsa , Oklahoma , certified public accountant , pointed out to me after reading a Madoff column I wrote for Fortune , a simple database search shows that the firm had n't had a peer review since 1990 . That would -- or should -- have set off all sorts of alarm bells . Back to the main event . Ponzi schemes , in which you pay existing investors not by making a profit but by getting money from new investors , have been around forever . Like Madoff , a Jew who preyed on fellow Jews and Jewish charities such as Elie Wiesel 's foundation , Ponzi schemers often target their own religious or ethnic groups . That way , they lure victims who feel flattered at having been asked to join an elite society , so much so that many of them fail to find out basic things , such as whether the securities or properties they 're supposedly being put into actually exist . Consider these : Tom Petters , a prominent Minnesota businessman is charged with running a multi-billion dollar scam that preyed on evangelical Christians . A New York City man was recently accused of preying on fellow members of a Hispanic church . A Haitian-American in Miami was accused on December . 30 of preying on other Haitian-Americans . Just yesterday , the SEC accused a Williamsville , N.Y. , man of preying on fellow Catholics . If someone , especially a member of your racial , religious or social group , offers you a deal not available to the general public , check it out . Very diligently . Do n't rely on the SEC or any other regulator to do that for you . Never , never , never put all your eggs in one basket , no matter how good it looks . And that , my friends , is the real bottom line . Pillory Madoff and mock him all you like , he has it coming . But learn from him , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Allan Sloan .	Allan Sloan : Madoff is being blamed for collapse of stock market values He says Madoff had nothing to do with it but escaped scrutiny for fraud Sloan says regulators rarely catch the biggest frauds He says real lesson is to never rely on others to protect your investments
CNN  -- Owners of iPads and other tablet devices tend to be news junkies who are wealthier and more highly educated than than the general population , according to a new report . The Pew Project on Excellence in Journalism took an in-depth look at how people use tablets to get news . When the study was conducted in July , Apple 's iPad made up the vast majority of tablet computers in use in the U.S. , although Pew researchers also looked at people who used similar devices , such as the Samsung Galaxy Tab , the Motorola Xoom and even the Nook Color . The project noted several differences between tablet users and the general U.S. population . First , tablet users tend to be more highly educated : Fifty-one percent have a college degree , compared with 28 % of all Americans . Tablet users also tend to be richer : Fifth-three percent have an annual household income greater than $ 75,000 , compared with 28 % of the total U.S. population .  Conversely , 15 % of tablet users have an annual household income of less than $ 30,000 , while over a third of American households earn that much or less each year . Most tablet users have jobs : Sixty-two percent are employed full time , compared with 41 % of the total population . Along other demographic lines , tablets mostly mirror the general population in terms of gender , race and political ideology . But age indicates some differences : Nearly half  46 %  of tablet users are age 30-49 , while just 35 % of Americans are in that age bracket . Also , only 7 % of tablet owners are age 65 or older , while 17 % of Americans are seniors . This part of the population is growing fast as baby boomers age . Tablet users do seem to be hungry for news . The project notes : "  About half  53 %  get news on their tablet every day , and they read long articles as well as get headlines . " Many news organizations are building and promoting their own apps specifically designed for tablets . The project found that about two-thirds of tablet users have a news app installed on their tablets , but that 's not where they get most of their news , even on the tablet . "  The browser , carried over from the desktop experience , is still the more popular means of consuming news , " said the report . "  A plurality of tablet news users  40 %  say they get their news mainly through a Web browser . Another 31 % use news apps and the browser equally , while fewer , 21 % , get their news primarily through apps . " Of course , the tablet market is shifting fast . Right now , many smaller , cheaper tablets  mostly marketed as e-readers , even though they really are tablets  are hitting the U.S. market just in time for the holiday buying season . Amy Mitchell , deputy director of the Pew Project on Excellence in Journalism , says the study did take users of the Nook Color and similar modified tablets into account . It found that respondents used those devices to do much more than read books . "  I certainly think that as newer tablet devices like the Kindle Fire come into the marketplace at a lower cost , that it opens the possibility of bringing in different kinds of people to the tablet population , especially people who are younger or not in the upper income bracket , " she said . The project also plans to do followup research on how tablet devices are shaping how Americans get news . "  I think whether it 's called a tablet or some other name over the next couple of years , what matters is the kind of difference these devices make to the user experience , " Mitchell said . "  People are using tablets to do different things with news than they did before . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	A new Pew study explores how people use tablets to get news Tablet users tend to be wealthier and better educated About half  53 %  of respondents get news on their tablet every day
CNN  In 2014 , beheading a westerner proved to be a chillingly effective strategy for Islamic militants . The killings of James Foley , Steven Sotloff , David Haines , Alan Henning and Abdul-Rahman Peter Kassig were both barbaric and uniquely modern . The murderers acted with a key demographic in mind , knowing that millions of people would tune in to watch . So the camera has created a new kind of crowd in the course of our long history of public beheadings . Its entrance on the scene , in France , on 17 June 1939 , had a similarly immediate and unequivocal effect . That morning , the public guillotining of German serial killer Eugen Weidmann , outside the Saint-Pierre prison in Versailles , was filmed by a spectator -- unbeknownst to the authorities . You can see the footage online today . Photographers also recorded the action , and their pictures filled newspapers and magazines in the days after Weidmann 's death . As if the rowdy crowds on the day were not bad enough , now the action could be viewed again and again by untold thousands of voyeurs . After that , the guillotine was rolled away behind prison walls -- not because decapitations were too horrifying to watch , but because people will watch them no matter how horrifying they are . For centuries , public executions had been intended to terrify by example , when for many they were little more than light entertainment . The advent of film proved this beyond doubt.If the history of beheadings tells us anything , it is that there will always be people who want to see . Today the Internet offers us front-row seats , on the understanding that no one need know we have taken our places to watch . Murders can be "  nothing to do with us " even as we click on the screen to play the film . In the 21st century , spectators experience a sense of detachment from the event -- which has already happened at some point in the past and in "  another world " supposedly far removed from our own -- alongside an unprecedented sense of intimacy . Now we can watch close-up , but in private , in our own time and space . The recent ISIS beheadings were experienced by many viewers like a gruesome serial drama , and the murderers know we will tune in for the next episode . Even those who do not watch the ISIS "  show " can hardly avoid the media analysis that accompanies each instalment . Producing these films requires relatively little organization , money or complicated technology . Compared to other terrorist offenses , it is low-tech and high-impact . The action can be carefully choreographed while retaining its ruthless authenticity , and the results are sensational . The camera has become a new stage for public beheadings , a new spike for displaying a trophy head . When pathological criminals behead innocent civilians , the murderers address their audience and present their spoils , drawing those who watch into their narrative . The entire spectacle denotes the powerlessness of the victim , and , by extension , the powerlessness of their countrymen to intervene . Spectators who watch beheadings online impotently fulfil the perpetrators ' desire to be seen . The ISIS murderers have relied on sophisticated manipulation of social media sites to ensure that their footage appears on our screens before we even know what we are watching . At the same time , a person 's reaction can reverberate through the cyber-crowd instantaneously , creating the kind of group mentality that mirrors the dynamics of a real crowd . When the footage of James Foley 's murder circulated via social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook in August 2014 , a Syrian activist named Hend Amry asked people not to share it and initiated the hashtag #ISISmediablackout . "  Pour water on their flame , " she tweeted . The movement to boycott the film gathered momentum in the hours that followed , and Twitter responded by removing tweets that embedded the video or screenshots of it . For the first time since the death of Daniel Pearl in Pakistan in 2004 , the silent majority found a voice , and more and more members of the crowd refused to watch . A group of militants had tried to make an impact , in an appalling way , and their efforts were beginning , just beginning , to fail . When the victim of a beheading is bound and defenceless , he or she becomes a pawn in somebody else 's production . The power no longer derives from the act of decapitation itself , which may require a pathological perpetrator , but it does not require the luck and skill to win a fight . Instead , the power emerges from the reception the slayer receives as he plays his part on the stage . There is no triumph in the killer 's actions until we watch . Modern technology may offer a hiding place to voyeurs , but it can also give a voice to human decency . No good can ever come from murder , but if public opinion is able to neutralize the killers ' triumph by refusing to broadcast the graphic imagery they want us to see , then this is a step forward . Read : More barbaric ISIS video expected , analyst says	Camera has created new kind of crowd in our long history of public beheadings , says Frances Larson Larson : ISIS beheadings were experienced by many viewers like gruesome serial drama She says public opinion should refuse to broadcast graphic imagery killers want us to see
Pavel Petel was once an open , flamboyant bisexual man from Ukraine who built up a career as a model , performance artist and DJ in Russia . Photographs of him semi-naked while riding a horse and brandishing a gun are a feast for web surfers . But after he and his partner Sergey Ostrikov were attacked outside Moscow , and especially since a bill banning gay "  propaganda " was passed in June , Petel has feared for his safety . He is losing business -- and blames that on the law and an increasingly less tolerant climate towards homosexuality . "  People in the regions are very aggressive towards gays . Sergey and I were lucky to be alive last year because some people wanted to kill us . My fear has been growing since then . " And recently , "  I was working on my video when I turned on the TV and saw video of one anchor of a Russian channel who said that you need to burn the gays ' hearts , " he told CNN . "  I had to continue to smile , perform , say ` hello sexy ' but it was difficult . I started to be afraid . "  I 'm dressed down now when I go on to the street and I 'm afraid police could arrest me . They can implement the law against me . I know that I 'm not safe . "  I 'm afraid to do what I used to . I 'll probably change . I 'm scared to come to the streets now wearing wigs or heels . I 've started to wear them much more rarely . " When he was growing up in the Soviet era , "  life was easier , " he recalled . "  There was no pressure to make you chose who you are . " Indeed he does n't even define himself as a gay man at all . "  I 've never actually thought about myself being a gay or a straight or anything else . I still do n't think about it and I did n't think about it in my childhood . " Russia insists the new law , which bans "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors , " is intended to protect children . It bars discussion of gay rights and relationships within earshot of children . International rights groups have called the legislation highly discriminatory , as anti-gay attacks are on the rise in Russia and are sometimes perpetrated by the police themselves . There have been widespread calls for boycotts and protests -- including a vodka-dumping demonstration in Los Angeles -- casting a pall over the 2014 Sochi Olympics . The gay rights group , All Out , has delivered a petition with hundreds of thousands of signatures denouncing Russia 's stance on gay rights . Petel , who lives in Moscow , said that although he believes the law is "  designed against people with non-traditional sexuality " he does not support a boycott . "  I hear a lot now about boycotting the Olympics or vodka . It makes me laugh . Why ? First of all , because we all know that no one will ever boycott Olympics for the sake of this because financial interests of the countries are more important than the freedom . " Such a move could cause a backlash against homosexuals , he fears . "  It may even be designed against the gay community of Russia to turn everyone against them . Because people will say that it 's gays who sabotaged and boycotted the Olympics and people will just burn us with our hearts . " OPINION : Make Olympics in Russia "  the gayest ever " Moscow , a city of more than 11 million people , has only a handful of gay night clubs , none of which would allow CNN 's cameras inside . And on the street , few people are willing to be identified . Viktor Michaelson says most of Moscow 's gay population has always lived in secret -- and that they now have even greater reason to embrace anonymity . The gay scene here is often referred to as a ghetto . Michaelson says : " -LSB- Gay people -RSB- are n't imposed to stay in the ghetto but they feel more comfortable because they can be themselves . " Alexander Gudkov says outside the ghetto there 's a clear rule -- do n't ask , do n't tell -- but that he wants more from life . "  It 's very bad . I want to live in open life . And I want to live my life . It 's not my choice , it 's my life , " Gudkov says . What does the future hold then for gays in Russia ? Petel understands why acceptance in the country has come slowly , but says : "  Russia would benefit from appreciating gays the same way that Indians appreciate their cows . To me , gays are usually kind , talented , genial , creative and I feel sorry that they 're leaving . It 's not civilized . "  I think it will be back to normal again in 10 years but the new young generation should come to power and change the laws . Maybe we 'll see the first Russian gay president in 10 years . Or maybe it will be a woman . "	Pavel Petel had built up a career as a model , performance artist and DJ in Russia He is now losing business and blames it on a Russian law banning gay "  propaganda " Most of Moscow 's gay population lives in secret and city has few gay clubs "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " is the unspoken rule outside Moscow 's gay "  ghetto , " says one man
