New York  CNN  -- A New York religious leader pleaded guilty Monday to operating an illegal money business , officials said . Rabbi Saul Kassin , 89 , the chief rabbi of the Shaare Zion congregation in New York City , was arrested in an FBI-led corruption investigation in 2009 . Kassin admitted in federal court that he accepted bank checks in exchange for checks of a lesser value from a charity he operated and controlled , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in New Jersey said . On Monday , he pleaded guilty Monday to illegal cash transmission -- a lesser charge than the original complaint of money laundering , his lawyer Gerald Shargel said . Prosecutors said Kassin operated an unlicensed money transmitting business in his home from mid-2007 through 2008 . Using the bank account he controlled for the Magen Israel Society charitable organization , Kassin accepted checks , deducted a 10 % commission and then issued the difference to other organizations , authorities said . The rabbi was discovered as part of an FBI undercover investigation , "  Operation Bid Rig , " which made news in July 2009 when 44 civic leaders and public officials were arrested on the same morning for public corruption and money laundering . Among the 15 arrested for money laundering , five were rabbis who were alleged to have laundered collectively more than $ 3 million , officials said at the time . Their alleged dealings stretched to Israel and Switzerland , authorities said . One high-profile arrest involved Peter Cammarano , the youngest mayor of Hoboken , New Jersey . He was arrested after just three weeks in office . Cammarano , who accepted $ 25,000 from a government witness who posed as a real estate developer , was sentenced to two years prison in May . Kassin , who has agreed to forfeit the $ 367,500 seized from the organization 's account in 2009 , may face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . He is expected to be sentenced on July 12 .	Prosecutors say Kassin operated an unlicensed money transmitting business He deducted a 10 % commission from checks he received , authorities say He was arrested as part of a massive FBI corruption investigation
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The 1997 murder of Christopher Wallace , the rapper also known as The Notorious B.I.G. and Biggie Smalls , remains an unsolved crime despite Los Angeles police and FBI investigations that lasted for years . The FBI , which joined the case five years after the shooting , opened up its files this week by publishing hundreds of pages of investigation reports and notes from its probe on the agencies website . Readers get a behind-the-scenes look at the FBI and LAPD 's work , but the documents are heavily redacted , hiding the names of sources , investigators and suspects . The drive-by shooting , in front of dozens of witnesses who were leaving a music industry party in Los Angeles on March 9 , 1997 , spurred several conspiracy theories , but no arrests . Smalls , 24 , was killed six months after his former friend and rap rival Tupac Shakur was gunned down on a Las Vegas street , causing suspicion that both shootings were part of an "  East Coast versus West Coast " hip hop war . Shakur recorded for Marion "  Suge " Knight 's Los Angeles-based Death Row Records , while Smalls was signed with New York-based Bad Boy Entertainment , founded by Sean "  Puffy " Combs . The FBI opened its case in December 2002 because of "  multiple source information " that Smalls was killed "  in retaliation for the murder of Tupac Shakur " and that a rogue LAPD officer was involved , an FBI report said . The FBI 's case was closed in January 2005 when the U.S. Attorney in Los Angeles decided there was enough evidence for indictments in the case , according to one letter in the files . The files include a Los Angeles Times newspaper story that suggested the FBI was pressured by the city of Los Angeles to drop its probe after the lead FBI investigator was named as a witness in a $ 400 million lawsuit Smalls ' mother filed against the city . Smalls ' mother and his estate claimed that an LAPD officer , who was later convicted of bank robbery , was involved and that the police department was ignoring evidence . The lawsuit was later dismissed . The newly-published documents , despite the redactions , do indicate tension between the FBI and LAPD . Near the end of the FBI probe , the lead agent writes that he had been ordered to have no contact with the civil lawyers for the Smalls family . The agent notes in one report that he would not contact a certain source "  because he/she is one of the main witnesses " in the civil suit against the LAPD . Retired Los Angeles Police Detective Russell Poole , who worked on the Smalls ' case , told CNN earlier this year that he believes Suge Knight was behind the murder , even though the Death Row Records ' boss was serving time on a probation violation at the time . "  Suge Knight ordered the hit , " Poole says , adding that he believes it was arranged by Reggie Wright Jr. , who headed security for Death Row Records . Poole goes even further , stating that he believes Knight was behind the shooting of Tupac Shakur as well . Poole says Shakur 's bodyguards told him that the rapper planned to sever ties with Knight 's Death Row Records which could have cost the company millions of dollars . "  That theory does n't even add up , " says Cathy Scott , who wrote "  The Killing of Tupac Shakur , " noting that Knight was sitting in the driver 's seat next to the rapper . "  Open fire on my car , but try not to hit me ? " Reggie Wright Jr. told CNN he had nothing to do with either murder , and Suge Knight has repeatedly said he had nothing to do with the crime . But two months after Shakur 's killing , Knight talked to ABC News and one quote seems to follow the former record company executive : "  If you knew who killed Tupac , would you tell police ? " To which Knight responded : "  Absolutely not . It 's not my job . I do n't get paid to solve homicides . I do n't get paid to tell on people . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Michael Cary contributed to this report	Hundreds of pages from the FBI files are available on the FBI website The documents are heavily redacted , hiding names The FBI investigated suspicions a rogue LAPD officer was involved The rapper was gunned down in Los Angeles in 1997
CNN  -- Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's controversial president , is under a European Union travel ban , but he arrived in Italy for the inauguration of Pope Francis on Monday . The much reviled leader can skirt the EU travel ban if he enters Italy on religious grounds , the Italian Foreign Ministry said Monday . Mugabe and a delegation traveled to Rome , Italy 's capital , and will head to the Vatican , a separate state , for the Tuesday ceremony . The 89-year-old , in power for decades , visited the Vatican in 2011 for the beatification of the late Pope John Paul II . He attended that pope 's funeral in 2005 . A day of prayer , song , pomp to welcome new pope In power for decades , he has been sharply criticized for rights abuses and turning the nation from a breadbasket into a financial basket case . The presence of a man widely regarded as a brutal dictator , juxtaposed with a pope who preaches peace , has raised eyebrows . Vincent Nichols , the Roman Catholic archbishop of Westminster , who attended the 2011 ceremony , said , according to the Daily Mail , that Mugabe 's record on human rights was deplorable and "  it felt uncomfortable to be in his presence . " Controversy erupted in 2005 , when Britain 's Prince Charles found himself seated near Mugabe at the funeral and at one point shook his hand . A spokesman for the prince later said that was a mistake , that Charles was caught by surprise after Mugabe offered his hand . The Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said last week that the Holy See did not formally invite diplomatic missions to attend the Mass , instead simply informing countries through diplomatic channels that the event is taking place . The pope 's four biggest challenges Even countries with which the Vatican does not have diplomatic relations , such as Saudi Arabia , are informed of major events such as the installation or funeral of a pope , he said . The Vatican Press Office said it could not yet provide a full list of attendees for the ceremony . The Bernini Bristol Hotel in Rome confirms it has hotel reservations for a Zimbabwean delegation but did not provide names . Mugabe arrived amid political turmoil in Zimbabwe . Police raided an office of Zimbabwe 's prime minister on Sunday . Four officials with the office are accused of impersonating police , Zimbabwe police spokeswoman Charity Charamba told reporters . The raid came a day after a national referendum to approve a new constitution that would impose presidential term limits for the first time in Zimbabwe . The results of the vote are not yet known , and it came just a few months before Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai is expected to run against Mugabe in presidential elections . The two leaders entered a power-sharing agreement in 2009 If approved , which is highly likely , the new constitution will give more powers to the parliament and limit the president 's . It also introduces a two-term limit of five years each for a president . But the limit would not apply retroactively , which means Mugabe could have 10 more years as head of state if he is re-elected . Complete coverage : Pope Francis	A European Union travel ban on Mugabe does not apply to Vatican visits Mugabe has been much criticized for human rights abuses He visited the Vatican in 2005 and 2011
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- The current squabbling between the House and the Senate on the payroll tax cut extension perfectly epitomizes why congressional approval is in the single digits . Highlighting this debacle , Newt Gingrich ends his first television ad in Iowa proclaiming that by "  working together , we can and will rebuild the America we love . " Expecting Newt Gingrich to work together with Democrats and Republicans to end the partisan deadlock in Washington is a bit like asking the fox to guard the chicken coop . When Gingrich entered the House of Representatives in 1979 , he quickly became the leader of a group of insurgent conservatives whose chief aim was a Republican Party majority . Gingrich 's partisan antics not only transformed the House , but the Senate as well . Washington has not been the same since . Even from his first term , when he tried to get Rep. Charles Diggs kicked out of the House  despite his re-election after being convicted of 29 felonies  , it became clear that Gingrich would use every Democratic misstep and every legislative opportunity to portray the House in the worst possible light . It was only in tearing down the House that Gingrich thought that it could be rebuilt in the Republicans ' -- or perhaps , his -- own image . To Gingrich 's credit , the Democratic leadership was always ready to misstep and then meet him in the partisan mud . Whether it was his fight with Speaker Tip O'Neill about who controlled the television cameras in the House or his relentless pursuit of Speaker Jim Wright 's sweetheart book deal , Gingrich would not back down from a fight even if at first it appeared the evidence was against him . Gingrich became a master at using the legislative process to achieve his political goals . This strategy from Gingrich 's House days is , of course , well known . What is less well known is that members who previously served with Gingrich in the House spread these highly partisan tactics to the Senate . I am writing a book about these senators , who I call "  Gingrich senators , " because they so seamlessly infected the Senate with the same hyper-partisanship that pervaded the House . Since Gingrich 's first election to the House , 40 Republicans have entered the House and then moved on to the Senate . Twenty-two of them continue to serve in the Senate , including Jim DeMint , John McCain , Jim Inhofe and David Vitter . Their alumni include Rick Santorum , Phil Gramm and George Allen . These senators learned well the lessons that Gingrich taught them in the House . Jon Kyl , the first Gingrich senator to rise to an important party leadership position , had been a supporter of any and all tax cuts until Obama announced his desire to extend the payroll tax reduction . Kyl was among the first Senate Republicans to announce his opposition , not just to how Obama wanted to fund the extension of the tax reduction , but the tax cut extension itself . This , incidentally , is the same Jon Kyl who said in an earlier debate : "  If you want an abortion , you go to Planned Parenthood , and that 's well over 90 % of what Planned Parenthood does . " When confronted with the fact that abortions account for only 3 % of the organization 's work , Kyl 's spokesperson claimed that his floor statement "  was not intended to be a factual statement . " When the Gingrich senators do n't have the votes to get their way , they will use all aspects of the legislative process to bring the rest of the chamber to its knees . In the last Congress , the Senate took 419 votes on roll call amendments . The 19 Gingrich senators who were serving at the time introduced more than half of these amendments . Seven of the top 10 senators who introduced the most amendments that resulted in roll call votes were Gingrich senators . Endlessly introducing amendments has become another form of filibustering , which previously involved making speeches rather than introducing amendments . But when a stream of amendments could n't defeat the health care bill , the Republicans offered up a "  stunt " amendment , its sole purpose to create a perception that Democrats were voting against preventing sex offenders from buying Viagra in the insurance markets established by the bill . Tom Coburn , a Gingrich senator , introduced the amendment . Gingrich 's strategy was successful in 1994 when the Republicans won a majority in the House and the Senate . The strategy was also successful in 2010 after John Boehner and Eric Cantor implemented it in the Pelosi-run House . The Gingrich senators are once again using it to try and take back the Senate in the 2012 elections . The chambers and parties may resolve their differences over the payroll tax cut extension , but it is unlikely that they will do so through the methods that Gingrich made popular during his congressional days . Furthermore , if we can predict the future from their past record , the solution is not likely to come from the Gingrich senators . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Sean Theriault .	Sean Theriault : Newt Gingrich 's first ad in Iowa suggests he 's ready to end partisan deadlock But partisan antics have been his signature strategy since 1979 , says Theriault Gingrich became a master at using the legislative process to achieve political goals , he says Theriault : Some who served with Gingrich in House spread his partisan strategy to Senate
London , England  CNN  -- Fashion designer Alexander McQueen hanged himself in his wardrobe and left a suicide note , a coroner told a London inquest Wednesday . McQueen , 40 , was found dead at his London apartment Thursday . The cause of death was asphyxia and hanging , said coroner 's officer Lynda Martindill . A police officer told the inquest that McQueen 's death was "  nonsuspicious , " according to Martindill . "  The coroner said a note had been found and is being looked at by the police , " Martindill said , without offering details about the note . The coroner adjourned the inquest until April 28 in order to complete the full post-mortem report , she said . McQueen , who had dressed stars from Sarah Jessica Parker and Nicole Kidman to Rihanna and Sandra Bullock , killed himself nine days after the death of his mother . He expressed his devastation at her death on his Twitter account days before he died . McQueen , whose real name was Lee Alexander McQueen , had a reputation for controversy that earned him the titles "  enfant terrible " and "  the hooligan of English fashion . " British Vogue Editor Alexandra Shulman called him a "  modern-day genius . " "  His brilliant imagination knew no bounds , " she said after his death . Eccentric singer Lady Gaga , who called herself a big fan and wore McQueen 's alien-inspired stilettos in a recent video , dedicated her performance at Tuesday night 's BRIT Awards in London to the designer . McQueen was born in 1970 in London 's East End , the son of a taxi driver , according to a biography on the Vogue Web site . He trained in London 's Savile Row at a company that made suits for Prince Charles . One anecdote that helped cement his bad-boy image was that he had once embroidered a suit for the Prince of Wales with a profanity sewn into the lining . His clothing line was purchased in 1991 by stylist Isabella Blow , who became a close friend . She committed suicide in 2007 , five years after his label was brought into the Gucci Group , based in Paris , France . In an interview with CNN 's Jim Bittermann in October , McQueen spoke of the changing nature of runway shows for fashion designers . His latest show was an invitation event for 1,000 people , and was streamed live on the Internet . "  It 's got to progress and it 's got to move on , " he said . "  I 've been doing these shows for over 15 years now ; I must have done about 60 shows . Even I get bored with the same concept , so this way , I can see a brighter future for fashion . " The designer was honored as a commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 2003 , and won numerous other awards in the fashion world .	Coroner tells inquest designer left note and hanged himself Alexander McQueen , 40 , found dead at London home last week Coroner 's officer says police are looking at suicide note McQueen 's death mourned by fashion world and fans worldwide
CNN  -- In 1967 , the Mamas & the Papas had a hit with a song that detailed , with bittersweet harmonies , the checkered history of the band . The song , written by the group 's John Phillips and his wife , Michelle , was called "  Creeque Alley . " Michelle Phillips , Denny Doherty and John Phillips , here in 1998 , were members of the Mamas & the Papas . If the song were to be updated today , it might have to be retitled "  Creep Alley . " With the claims by John 's daughter , Mackenzie , that she had an incestuous relationship with her father , the story of Phillips and his group -- in music , models of California dreams and California dreamin ' -- takes on a darker hue . The story was already tangled , a motley love - and drug-soaked tale of excess set to the group 's distinctive four-part harmonies . Phillips left his first wife , Mackenzie 's mother , Susan Adams , for 18-year-old Michelle , whom he 'd met in a San Francisco club while touring in the early '60s , according to the band 's biography on Allmusic.com . The band 's lead male singer , Denny Doherty , later had an affair with Michelle ; she was forced out of the group for a time . The fourth member , Cass Elliot , had an unrequited crush on Doherty , the biography noted . After the Mamas & the Papas ' success with such singles as "  California Dreamin ' " and the No. 1 hit "  Monday , Monday , " the Phillipses bought a Bel Air mansion from which they ruled over the Los Angeles music scene . In his 1986 memoir , "  Papa John , " John Phillips , who died in 2001 , remembered hosting parties for the Beatles when they visited town . John Phillips , the band 's primary songwriter , was at least six years older than the others and did not shy from the task of addressing the group 's pain and confusion in song . In such songs as "  Got a Feelin ' , " "  I Saw Her Again Last Night " and "  Trip , Stumble and Fall , " he cast a cold eye on the band 's romantic entanglements , even as his melancholy and sometimes cutting lyrics were often belied by those sunny harmonies and Lou Adler 's slick production . "  One does n't try to hold Cass and Denny and Michelle together , " he said in a 1995 interview . "  It 's a useless task to start with . You just sort of stay out of the way and let things roll as they can . " In 1968 , the group split up . There was a 1971 reunion that produced the contractually obligated album "  People Like Us , " but the experience was "  horrible , " John Phillips recalled in the liner notes to the group 's anthology , "  The History of the Mamas and the Papas . " The group members had mixed success after the breakup . Elliot , who died of a heart attack in 1974  and not by choking on a sandwich , as urban legend has it  , pursued a solo career ; she had a handful of hits . Doherty and John Phillips also tried their hands at solo careers ; the latter 's 1970 "  John , the Wolf King of L.A. , " produced a minor hit and is now considered a classic but sold relatively poorly upon release . More common were the stories of trouble . Michelle and John Phillips divorced in 1970 ; late that year , Michelle was married to Dennis Hopper for eight days . John Phillips , who married Genevieve Waite in 1972 , became increasingly immersed in drugs , says his Allmusic biography , to the point where he could n't finish an album commissioned by the Rolling Stones ' Mick Jagger and Keith Richards . In 1981 , he was convicted of drug trafficking . By that point , daughter Mackenzie says , she was also a full-blown drug addict . "  I grew up in a place where there were no rules ... which did not serve me well , and everybody , I think , knew that , " she said on a reunion special for her '70s sitcom , "  One Day at a Time . " According to Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh 's "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows , " Phillips missed the 1980-81 season while in rehab for addiction issues . In her new book , "  High on Arrival , " she claims she had become sexually involved with her father in 1979 , after he forced sex on her the night before she married a rock manager , Jeff Sessler .  Earlier that year , the house she shared with Sessler burned down , taking all her belongings with it . According to Mackenzie Phillips , the affair with her father lasted 10 years . She told Chynna Phillips , her half-sister , about the affair in the late '90s , according to an interview with Chynna in Us magazine . "  Somebody could have dropped a piano on my head , and I probably would n't have felt it , " Chynna Phillips told the magazine . "  But I knew it was true . I mean , who in their right mind would make such a claim if it was n't true ? " She says the news sent her into "  a deep , deep sadness and depression for about 10 days . A part of me died when I found out . " John Phillips also underwent rehab but struggled for the rest of his life . He had a liver transplant in 1992 but was photographed drinking several months later . He toured with versions of the Mamas & the Papas , some including Mackenzie . He died in 2001 of heart failure . Chynna Phillips and Mackenzie 's "  One Day at a Time " co-star Valerie Bertinelli have since rallied around her . But others have not . "  I am stunned by Mackenzie 's terrible allegations about her father , " Waite , John Phillips ' third wife , wrote in a statement released to "  The Oprah Winfrey Show . " Mackenzie Phillips appeared on the show Wednesday . "  I would often complain about her overly familiar attitudes towards him , and he said it was just her way . John was a good man . ... He was incapable , no matter how drunk or drugged he was , to have sexual relations with his own child . " And Mackenzie 's half-brother , Tamerlane , the follower of an Indian guru , is having none of it . "  My family is and always will be a decrepit bowl of dog urine compared to Nityananda of Ganeshpuri . That is how great Nityananda is , " he told the New York Post 's Page Six . "  Worship Nityananda , not the Phillips family . "	John Phillips ' reputation taking hit with claims of incest by daughter Mackenzie John Phillips , who died in 2001 , lived life of excess Mamas & Papas were leading California group of '60s , with tangled romantic links John Phillips was heavy drug user , once convicted of drug trafficking
CNN  -- "  All politics is local . " That four-word statement , originally uttered by former Democratic House Speaker Tip O'Neill , is one of the favorite clichés of political pundits everywhere . But it 's seldom respected when it matters most . Consider , for instance , the special election in New York 's 23rd Congressional District , which conservative Democrat Bill Owens won in spite of partisan and nonpartisan polling that had shown Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman with a solid lead . Almost overnight , Hoffman became a sort of folk hero among conservative activists around the country , a decidedly ordinary-looking man who seemed poised to take an extraordinary path into Washington . Some 95 percent of his fundraising came from outside the district . Hoffman , indeed , had some initial success . The original Republican nominee , Dede Scozzafava , dropped out of the race after polling showed her trailing both Hoffman and Owens . But when push came to shove , Hoffman lost . Why ? Because those activists -- however well-meaning they might have been -- misunderstood the district . The 23rd is a Republican district , but it is not a particularly conservative one , having split its vote between Barack Obama and the moderate Republican John McHugh last November . If Nancy Pelosi is regarded suspiciously in the 23rd , so are Sarah Palin and Fred Thompson , who cut commercials and robocalls on behalf of Hoffman . What the voters there wanted was a candidate who understood them . Owens -- superior to Hoffman in his command of local issues -- provided the best approximation . Alternatively , consider the outcome in New Jersey , where Republican Chris Christie knocked off incumbent Gov. Jon Corzine . This election is being touted as a referendum on Obama , who took a risk -- a bad one , indeed -- by campaigning on behalf of Corzine . But Obama was the least of Corzine 's problems : Voters in Tuesday 's election approved of Obama 's performance 57 percent to 43 percent , according to exit polling . It was Corzine they did n't like ; 27 percent of the voters who approved of Obama nevertheless found someone other than the Democratic incumbent to vote for . Corzine , for his part , ran a polarizing campaign ; every time Christie 's name appeared in one of his commercials , it came with a scarlet  R  -- for Republican -- attached . Republicans are not popular in New Jersey , but local issues drove the race . Whereas three-quarters of Corzine 's voters cited a national issue -- health care or the economy -- as their primary reason for voting for him , two-thirds of Christie 's picked a local one  property taxes and corruption  . There is a much stronger case that national factors were in play in Virginia . The voters who turned out there Tuesday were more likely to have supported John McCain than Obama last year . Obama carried the state by 6 percentage points last year . But exit polls found that 51 percent of this year 's voters in Virginia were people who had voted for McCain . Even a strong Democratic candidate would have struggled under the circumstances . But Democrats also made a mistake in thinking that Creigh Deeds , who hails from rural Bath County on the West Virginia border and wears his upbringing on his sleeve , would be the best candidate to represent them in the state . In many other states -- Ohio , say -- it 's the rural , working-class vote that swings elections . But that 's not the case in Virginia , which is one of the wealthiest and most suburban states in the country . There , suburban moderates such as Mark Warner tend to do better . Deeds might have been the right candidate -- but he was in the wrong state . State-level politics , indeed , routinely differ from national ones . That 's why you have Democratic governors in red states such as Oklahoma and Wyoming , but Republican ones in blue states such as Vermont and Hawaii . That does not mean that local elections ca n't tell us anything about national trends -- the White House would be feeling better , certainly , if Democrats had won New Jersey , and likewise Republicans if they 'd won NY-23 . But usually the party that applies a one-size-fits-all approach to local races is the losing one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nate Silver .	This year 's elections more about local concerns than national ones , says Nate Silver Special election in New York in a district that is n't particularly conservative , Silver says New Jersey voters rejected Gov. Jon Corzine for local reasons , Silver says Silver : In Virginia , Democrats had candidate who did n't appeal statewide
CNN  -- I love cemeteries . That does n't surprise most people . Because I 'm a crime novelist , they expect me to peer into the dark , shivery corners everyone else avoids . But the reasons I love graveyards have little to do with the spooky . To me , they 're beautiful green spaces and open-air art museums . While there are two famous American cemeteries that rate as tourist attractions in their own right -- Arlington and Gettysburg -- there are others that deserve to be better known . Here are my 10 favorite final resting places around the world . They should be on every traveler 's list of things to see before they ... you know . Green-Wood Cemetery , New York City Close your eyes and imagine 478 acres of rolling hills , complete with several ponds , a lake , a glorious view of the Statue of Liberty and thousands of historic monuments . Throw in a chapel that 's modeled on Christopher Wren 's Thomas Tower at Oxford 's Christ Church College , and you 've got Brooklyn 's spectacular Green-Wood . The cemetery took a beating from Hurricane Sandy , losing some 300 mature trees , but the grand mausoleums and monuments are still in place . This 1838 cemetery boasts National Historic Landmark status , in part because it 's where the Battle of Long Island was fought in 1776 . But it 's just as significant to bird-watchers , and it 's a member of the Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary System . Green-Wood offers a variety of ticketed tours that take you around its expansive grounds by trolley or into its catacombs by flashlight , but visitors are welcome to walk the grounds daily . Granary Burying Ground , Boston A sign at the entrance to the Granary Burying Ground claims that "  Famous , infamous and unknown Bostonians are buried here . " This small cemetery on Tremont Street , founded in 1660 , holds many Revolutionary War heroes , including Paul Revere , John Hancock , Samuel Adams and James Otis . One of the grandest monuments belongs to Benjamin Franklin 's family  though Ben himself rests in Philadelphia  . One of the more infamous residents is Samuel Sewall , a magistrate who presided over the Salem witch trials . Almost every headstone is eye-catching in its own right , with elaborate carvings of skeletons sporting scythes , winged skulls , sly-looking cherubs , and other symbols of mourning , as well as poetic epitaphs . The towering Egyptian Revival gate that marks the entryway is a work of art in its own right . Open daily , the Granary Burying Ground has excellent signage to point out the most famous -- and infamous -- graves . 9 haunted spots across America Mount Pleasant , Toronto If you 're not used to seeing cemeteries filled with baby strollers and joggers , brace yourself before visiting Mount Pleasant . It 's best to regard it as a public park that happens to have a lot of permanent residents . I 'd love to say that locals ' enthusiasm for the place is part of my hometown 's Victorian tradition -- back in 1876 , when this cemetery opened , having family picnics at gravesites was considered normal behavior . But it 's also true that when you see Mount Pleasant 's rolling green hills , botanical gardens , leafy trees , and elegant fountains , you know that it 's the cemetery 's incredible beauty that draws people in . There are grand mausoleums here , belonging to families like the Eatons and the Masseys , and famous graves , such as pianist Glenn Gould 's resting place , but the real reason to visit is to enjoy glorious green space in the middle of a frenetic city . Open daily from dawn to dusk . St. Louis Cemetery No. 1 , New Orleans New Orleans never had an easy time burying people -- with its water table , they could get unburied when it rained . So they devised a city of the dead with above-ground tombs and opened St. Louis No. 1 in 1789 . Its whitewashed crypts , some topped with mournful statues and surrounded by wrought-iron gates , have a ghostly beauty that has been captured on film , most famously in "  Easy Rider . " The cemetery , as racially diverse as New Orleans itself , is a stop on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail , and while it 's primarily a Catholic burial place , it has a section for others , too . Tour a NOLA cemetery in pictures One of its most famous residents may be the 19th-century voodoo priestess Marie Laveau , whose remains are believed to be in the Glapion tomb , and occult offerings are left there in her honor . Guided tours are available through Save Our Cemeteries , but visitors are welcome to wander through every day except Mardi Gras . Highgate Cemetery , London Situated on 37 acres in North London , Highgate is as almost much a nature reserve as it is a historic resting place . Wild as a classic English garden , it features trees , shrubs and flowers growing without human intervention , and they provide cover to Highgate 's many living inhabitants , which include foxes . In the midst of all this greenery are magnificent stone monuments , some dating back to 1839 and so covered in ivy that the grounds can resemble the land that time forgot . But with famous people such as George Eliot , Karl Marx and Malcolm McLaren interred here , it is n't likely that anyone will ever pass it by . Highgate is divided into East and West cemeteries , with the latter only available for viewing by tour  buy tickets in advance through the website  . East Highgate charges an admission fee , but you can explore it on your own . Hogwarts fan ? Follow the trail of real witches Père-Lachaise , Paris This is the ultimate Who 's Who of graveyards . It was established by Napoleon himself in 1804 , with the emperor declaring , "  Every citizen has the right to be buried regardless of race or religion . " Since then , Père-Lachaise has welcomed writers  Balzac , Proust , Richard Wright , Oscar Wilde , Gertrude Stein and Alice Toklas  ; singers  Maria Callas , Edith Piaf  ; artists  Delacroix , Ingres , Modigliani , Corot , Seurat  ; and composers  Chopin , Bizet  , among others . But the most popular gravesite of all is that of rock star Jim Morrison , whose relatively small grave has been so often vandalized that it is now guarded . The cemetery is open daily and visitors are welcome to explore . There 's no admission charge . Old Jewish Cemetery , Prague It 's a curious thing to stand on a city street and look up -- way up -- to spot the cemetery . Prague was , at one time , home to one of the wealthiest Jewish communities in Europe . But its inhabitants were still subject to some rather draconian rules , including one commanding that Jews could only be buried on a single city block . What 's now called the Old Jewish Cemetery was that burial ground , and it was used continuously from the early 15th century until 1787 . There was nowhere to go but up , and so centuries of tombs and monuments lie buried inside as more earth was brought in . There are some 12,000 tombstones at the top , though thousands more are buried here . It 's a poignant thing to see so many headstones jammed together , yet each one is elaborately carved , inlaid with flora and fauna , symbols of a trade or hands reaching to heaven . Open daily , with an admission fee . La Recoleta , Buenos Aires In Argentina 's capital city , Recoleta is considered a chief attraction . Walled off from the tony neighborhood it inhabits , it 's effectively a city-within-the-city , founded in 1822 and filled with elaborately carved tombs and fine Italian statuary . The most popular spot is the Duarte family tomb , which is where the country 's most famous first lady , Evita Perón , is buried .  The Duartes are her father 's family ; because the controversial Evita 's body was stolen and mutilated by her husband 's enemies after her death , it 's now heavily protected .  Even if the names of famous Argentine families are n't familiar to foreign visitors , their extravagant memorials leave a lasting impression . Free tours are available in a variety of languages , and visitors are welcome to explore on their own . The longest airline flight in the world Cementerio General , Santiago Chile and Argentina have always been great rivals , so perhaps it should n't be a surprise that Santiago has a cemetery that aims to be even more spectacular than Buenos Aires ' . Spread over 210 acres , and divided into elegant streets and boulevards , the Cementerio General has massive tombs designed to resemble Mayan temples , Venetian palazzos and other grand structures -- they 're so huge , you might start to wonder whether any living family members could be inside , too . But the most fascinating part of the site is the Monument to the Disappeared , a large-scale memorial to those who vanished under Augusto Pinochet 's brutal regime . Undoubtedly not by coincidence , the Pinochet family tomb is a stone 's - throw away .  Augusto Pinochet died in 2006 , but his family , fearing vandalism , did n't place his cremated remains at the family tomb .  Open daily to visitors . Mount of Olives , Jerusalem I 'm embarrassed to admit that , when I visited the Mount of Olives , on the eastern side of Old Jerusalem , I was expecting a grove of olive trees . Instead , I found an expansive cemetery that dates back to biblical times and is still in use . One of the oldest monuments , at the foot of the mount in the Kidron Valley , is to King David 's son Absalom . According to the Book of Zechariah , the Mount of Olives is where the Messiah will first appear , and so it 's the first place where the dead will rise from their graves . The Jewish cemetery contains biblical kings as well as more modern Israeli leaders such as Menahem Begin , but there are also Christian and Muslim burial grounds here . Wherever you stand on the mount , it offers a uniquely beautiful view of ancient , walled Jerusalem .	The Granary Burying Ground is the final home for many Revolutionary War heroes Jim Morrison is buried in a Paris cemetery established by Napoleon in 1804 The Mount of Olives is where the Messiah will appear , says the Book of Zechariah
Cancer cases are expected to surge 57 % worldwide in the next 20 years , an imminent "  human disaster " that will require a renewed focus on prevention to combat , according to the World Health Organization . The World Cancer Report , produced by the WHO 's specialized cancer agency and released on World Cancer Day , predicts new cancer cases will rise from an estimated 14 million annually in 2012 to 22 million within two decades . Over the same period , cancer deaths are predicted to rise from 8.2 million a year to 13 million . The rising incidence of cancer , brought about chiefly by growing , aging populations worldwide , will require a heavier focus on preventive public health policies , said Christopher Wild , director of the International Agency for Research on Cancer . "  We can not treat our way out of the cancer problem , " he said . "  More commitment to prevention and early detection is desperately needed in order to complement improved treatments and address the alarming rise in cancer burden globally . " The report notes that the rocketing cost of responding to the "  cancer burden " -- in 2010 , the economic cost of the disease worldwide was estimated at $ 1.16 trillion -- is hurting the economies of rich countries and beyond the means of poor ones . The report said about half of all cancers were preventable and could have been avoided if current medical knowledge was acted upon . The disease could be tackled by addressing lifestyle factors , such as smoking , alcohol consumption , diet and exercise ; adopting screening programs ; or , in the case of infection-triggered cancers such as cervical and liver cancers , through vaccines . "  I know the report said we ca n't treat our way out of  the cancer problem  but there are major things we can do , " said Dr. David Decker who works in oncology at Florida Hospital in Orlando . "  Virtually 80 or 90 percent of lung cancers are caused by smoking . I know stopping smoking is not easy for people , but it does seem like a pretty simple way to reduce the numbers . " "  The cancer rates are not going up for shocking reasons , but for reasons that are easier to understand , and if we improve overall health , there are things we can do to prevent this from happening , " Decker said . Cutting smoking rates would have a significant impact , as lung cancer remained the most commonly diagnosed cancer  1.8 million cases a year , or 13 % of total cancer diagnoses  and the deadliest , accounting for about one-fifth  1.6 million  of all cancer deaths worldwide . There is a silver lining to the report , some experts said : It may lend urgency to the fight against cancer . Countries such as the United States present examples of success stories stemming from legislation and financial resources devoted to cancer prevention . "  The good news is , in  the United States  , cancer mortality is trending downward , and that would be more true if you make an age adjustment , " said Dr. Walter Curran , chairman of the Department of Radiation Oncology at Emory University 's School of Medicine in Atlanta . "  Since we have an aging population , the cancer rate increases , and if you adjust for the aging of America , the cancer rate is declining notably . " Curran said a typical 20-year-old American who does n't smoke , "  who has a good diet and a healthy lifestyle , someone with moderate alcohol consumption and who takes preventive health measures like regularly seeing a doctor and getting exercise -- their chance of cancer is significantly less than someone who for example lives in a developing country in Africa right now . " However , the United States is dealing with an obesity epidemic -- the rates of adults who are considered obese has doubled since the 1970s -- and drinking excessively is still the No. 3 cause of lifestyle-related death . Smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in the United States . However , when the U.S. Surgeon General linked tobacco to lung cancer 50 years ago , more than 40 % of the adult population smoked ; now it 's about 19 % . Public health initiatives have also made a difference in smoking rates . The report eventually spurred local governments to make it harder for a smoker to find a place to practice their habit . Many restaurants , bars , and even public parks ban smoking . National leadership gave state governments license to raise taxes on cigarettes so much that people quit because they could no longer afford their habit . Money from the federal tobacco lawsuit settlement went into smoking cessation programs and gave farmers incentives to grow crops other than tobacco . The FCC banned persuasive cigarette ads that may have encouraged young people to smoke . Smoking rates remain high in Asia and Africa . China -- where one-third of the world 's cigarettes are smoked , according to the World Health Organization -- only recently moved to ban indoor public smoking . The report 's authors suggested governments take similar legislative approaches to those they had taken against tobacco in attempting to reduce consumption of alcohol and sugary drinks , and in limiting exposure to occupational and environmental carcinogens , including air pollution . According to the report , the next two most common diagnoses were for breast  1.7 million , 11.9 %  and large bowel cancer  1.4 million , 9.7 %  . Liver  800,000 or 9.1 %  and stomach cancer  700,000 or 8.8 %  were responsible for the most deaths after lung cancer . "  The rise of cancer worldwide is a major obstacle to human development and well-being , " said Wild , the International Agency for Research on Cancer director . "  These new figures and projections send a strong signal that immediate action is needed to confront this human disaster , which touches every community worldwide . " The report said the growing cancer burden would disproportionately hit developing countries -- which had the least resources to deal with the problem -- due to their populations growing , living longer and becoming increasingly susceptible to cancers associated with industrialized lifestyles . More than 60 % of the world 's cases and about 70 % of the world 's cancer deaths occurred in Africa , Asia , and Central and South America . "  In the developing world , we are really at the beginning of understanding how serious the cancer problem is in these countries , " said Emory School of Medicine 's Curran . Cancers related to the HIV epidemic in developing countries and the spread of Hepatitis C are also on the rise , but so too is the general age of the population in developing counties . When you now have the potential to live long enough to see your grandchildren -- something that was not true even a decade ago in many developing countries -- your risk of having cancer is going to go up . "  When life expectancy get better , cancer rates will go up and so will cancer fatalities , " Curran said . Governments needed to appreciate that screening and early detection programs were "  an investment rather than a cost , " said Bernard Stewart , co-editor of the report -- and low-tech approaches had proven successful in some developing countries . The World Cancer Report , which is published about once every five years , involved a collaboration of around 250 scientists from more than 40 countries . Tuesday is World Cancer Day .	Cancer is preventable , if resources are dedicated to fighting it , experts say New cases of cancer are tipped to rise 57 % worldwide in 20 years , says the WHO World Cancer Report says developing countries will be disproportionately hit Even rich countries will struggle to deal with the spiraling costs of treatment
New York  CNN  -- In an era of entourages and media minders , rock-n-roll hall of famer Deborah Harry arrived to our interview alone . Wearing a black and white graphic scarf draped over a long sleeve T-shirt and practical black flip-flops , she wandered in off the street , browsing the hotel art installation like any other tourist . But this was no casual viewing . Strewn around the room was four decades of memories -- stunning black and white photos taken by Blondie bandmate and one-time boyfriend Chris Stein . It took me a few minutes to realize it was her . She seemed strangely detached looking at her younger self . But then , it was a lifetime ago . Blondie hit their stride when the lines between music and video were mingling . They made their mark in the space between punk , new wave and disco and introduced mass audiences to hip-hop . They were a fixture on the New York scene , but that is a landscape that has changed literally ... and musically . When Stein arrived a short time after Harry , in his trademark leather and shades , he paused to look at the blown-up photo of Harry up on the top of the World Trade Center observation deck . It made him emotional to see that building , now gone . Neither could remember the exact date he snapped the shot or why she seems to be holding a folded bill . It was just one of the ghosts in the room . We talked about the clubs that have closed , music stores shuttered . Songs now premiere on YouTube before the radio or TV . You might expect the veteran rockers to lament this lost past . But Harry and Stein are surprisingly open about the change . While Harry has been quoted in the past as saying the internet killed music , she was much more nuanced in our conversation . "  It makes it more important to tour , there is no record industry to speak of , but I sort of appreciate that a person can download a track they love , " said Harry . Stein also seemed to appreciate technology 's ability to reach an audience . "  It used to be a struggle to get yourself on television -- before MTV even more so -- now it 's completely secondary , " he said . "  Now you can just press a button and watch anyone doing anything anywhere doing anything . In unison they agreed : "  The verdict is not in yet . " The new studio album may be called Ghosts of Download , but both artists feel it 's forward looking , especially in the collaborations . Beth Ditto of Indie rock group Gossip , Oakland-based Panamanian rappers Los Rakas and Colombian Systema Solar are featured on tracks . Stein , laughing , noted : "  I think my ego is less pronounced -- it 's easier to take ideas from other people . " Though they may be rock-n-roll royalty , they are incredibly down to earth . Harry , still striking , has a wry smile and a slight mystery about her . Stein is more open . We joked about TV binge-watching House of Cards and Game of Thrones  which was why he was running late  and the difficulty of getting things done in politics . Does Harry have a favorite song ? Rapture and a little known track Cautious Lip , she wished she could play live . They tag team a conversation the way only long-time partners can . "  We get along , " joked Stein when I asked how they have survived when so many other bands have n't . The best thing about touring ? "  The fans , " Harry said without hesitation . The worst ? "  Being away from my wife and kids , " said Stein , who is married to actress Barbara Sicuranza . Though people dismiss the potency of aging rockers , there is a history they carry that is hard to resist . When I asked if they had a favorite live performance , they an told amazing story about being in Bangkok on New Year 's Eve in the 70s , the night the curfew from the Vietnam War was lifted . The band may have a treasure trove of memories , but they are now 40 years on -- in their words , Blondie 4  0  Ever -- and looking to the future . When asked which musicians they admire , the reveal : Justin Timberlake and J-lo . Read more : The evolution of Mariah Carey Read more : What Vivienne Westwood did next Watch more : SJP discusses humble start Watch more : Disney head embraces tech	New wave pioneers Blondie are celebrating their 40th anniversary with a new album , Ghosts of Download Maggie Lake speaks with Deborah Harry and Chris Stein about modern music and unforgettable 70s moments She discovers the duo love touring , miss family and have mixed views on the new world of digital downloads
CNN  -- James Bond piloted a Douglas DC-3 airliner . Indiana Jones hopped a ride on one for his last crusade . This aviation icon even stars in a reality TV show . Almost 80 years after its introduction , a few hundred DC-3s are estimated to still be flying worldwide . That 's kind of unbelievable in an age when dozens of younger types of airliners have already retired to aviation boneyards . "  When we take them to air shows I watch people gravitate toward  them  , " says Joe McBryan , co-star of History Channel 's "  Ice Pilots . " McBryan owns Canada 's Buffalo Airways and its six operating DC-3s . "  People always have a story . They say their dad or grand-dad flew one ... or they flew on one when they were young . " The DC-3 debuted in the mid-1930s as an aviation rock star . With its two powerful propeller engines it revolutionized the travel industry by cutting typical coast-to-coast flight time across the United States from 25 hours to just 18 . Although it typically seated only about 21 passengers , the plane allowed airlines to make a giant leap toward profitability . Later a military version of the plane helped win World War II by dropping thousands of paratroopers during the D-Day invasion of France , 70 years ago this month . Result : The DC-3 has touched millions of lives . But what about this plane keeps it flying all these years later ? Pilots will tell you the DC-3 wo n't quit because it was so well-built . Some say its design and rugged landing gear helped it touch down safely on short runways . A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport But for McBryan -- age 70 and still flying almost daily -- it 's about love . "  You can choose your friends and coworkers but you ca n't choose the one you love . An airplane is the same . And in 1969 , the DC-3 came and it stayed with me , " McBryan says . During some of the coldest weather on the planet , McBryan 's planes ferry tourists , hunters , adventurers and regional workers across Canada 's remote Northwest Territories . The 45-minute DC-3 flights from Yellowknife across icy Great Slave Lake to Hay River are pretty basic . Passengers get no meals , no WiFi , no video . "  There 's coffee and cookies and juice , " McBryan says . There is an alternative to in-flight entertainment : "  A lot of passengers like the sound of the engine . It will lull you to sleep . It 's a perfect sleeping noise . " McBryan 's son once said the engines sound like a "  funeral procession for the Hell 's Angels . " On the flight deck , for McBryan , it 's all about the plane 's feel . These classic aircraft are controlled with a yoke connected directly by cables to the tail and wings . No fancy fly-by-wire electronics like newer airliners . No flashy heads-up displays for speed or altitude , either . An old fashioned instrument panel works just fine , thank you very much . "  It 's very comfortable , " he says . "  You 're in your own nest . You have the ability to feel what the airplane 's doing . " 007 flies the Gooney Bird In 2008 , a Gooney Bird helped James Bond get out of a jam . Fans of the Bond film "  Quantum of Solace , " may recall actor Daniel Craig in the cockpit of a beat-up DC-3 . "  Let 's see if this thing will fly , " Bond says in the film . Does it ? Oh yeah . And then some . After takeoff , a super-fast jet fires on the Gooney Bird , forcing Bond to use the DC-3 's slow speed to outwit the jet pilot . The jet winds up as a stain on a rocky mountainside . Chalk up a win for low and slow . Back in the 1980s , a DC-3 served another movie franchise hero . In "  Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , " Indy flies from New York to Newfoundland to the Azores and Europe on his quest for the Holy Grail . 50 spots , 50 states for 2014 Taildraggers Getting on board a DC-3 is an uphill climb . Literally . The plane 's tail sits on the ground when it 's not flying , forcing passengers to walk up a steeply inclined aisle to take their seats . "  One of the most common comments I hear when some passengers come on board is , ` Wow , there 's really an angle here , ' " says Ric Hallquist , a longtime pilot for Missionary Flights International . Three times per week , Hallquist flies DC-3s loaded with cargo or passengers from South Florida to the Caribbean . In addition to passengers , Hallquist and his co-pilots have hauled horses , ATVs and pretty much any legal cargo they can fit through the aircraft door . The Gooney Bird 's rugged landing gear with its big struts can handle rough runways in places like Haiti or the Dominican Republic , Hallquist says . "  And the air frame is just so strong , it really is . " But the plane can also be temperamental , especially for pilots without much DC-3 experience , says Catalina Air Boats pilot Robby Bolling , who flies a daily DC-3 cargo route from Long Beach , California , to Catalina Island , about 30 miles offshore . "  You just have to respect it , not abuse it , " says Bolling . "  I kind of feel like I 'm going back in time to the 1940s or '50s . flying these airplanes around . " When the DC-3 flies , folks around the airport start shooting photos , Bolling says . "  I always notice that . It 's kind of like a rock star . " Bolling fears the plane wo n't be around much longer . He says he 'll miss it . Back in Yellowknife , ice pilot McBryan sees it differently . He believes the planes could easily fly for another 30 years "  They keep making parts , so there wo n't be a shortage , " says this son of a prospector . If anything stands in its way , McBryan says it will be a shortage of leaded fuel that his DC-3 's engines burn . The environmentally hazardous leaded fuel is being phased out . But losing the DC-3 would be a shame , McBryan says . There 's simply nothing else like it . The plane is about as near humans will get to growing wings . "  Strap a DC-3 to your a ** and let the wings extend out , " he jokes . "  That 's the closest thing you will come to a human flying . " Timeline : 100 years of commercial aviation	Hundreds of Douglas DC-3 airliners still fly , nearly 80 years after their introduction Canada 's Buffalo Airways offers scheduled passenger flights on DC-3s . DC-3s opened the door to profitable coast-to-coast airline routes Nickamed "  Gooney Birds , " the DC-3s are known for their rugged landing gear and airframes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Rep. Dennis Kucinich , a former Democratic presidential candidate from Ohio , introduced a resolution to impeach President Bush into the House of Representatives on Tuesday . Kucinich announced his intention to seek Bush 's impeachment Monday night , when he read the lengthy document into the record . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has repeatedly said she would not support a resolution calling for Bush 's impeachment , saying such a move was unlikely to succeed and would be divisive . Most of the congressman 's resolution deals with the Iraq war , contending that the president manufactured a false case for the war , violated U.S. and international law to invade Iraq , failed to provide troops with proper equipment and falsified casualty reports for political purposes . Kucinich also charges that Bush has illegally detained without charge both U.S. citizens and "  foreign captives " and violated numerous U.S. laws through the use of "  signing statements " declaring his intention to do so . Other articles address global warming , voting rights , Medicare , the response to Hurricane Katrina and failure to comply with congressional subpoenas . Last year , Kucinich introduced a resolution to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney . But in November when Republicans tried to force a debate on the move , the attempt failed . Democrats voted to send the resolution to the House Judiciary Committee , where committee chairman Rep. John Conyers has taken no action on it . An earlier resolution to impeach Cheney has languished in the House Subcommittee on the Constitution , Civil Rights , and Civil Liberties since May 2007 . The House of Representatives has voted to impeach two presidents -- Andrew Johnson , in 1868 , and Bill Clinton , in 1999 -- but both were acquitted by the Senate and remained in office . No U.S. vice president has been impeached . Kucinich dropped out of the race for the Democratic nomination for president in January to focus on his re-election bid in Ohio . He handily won the Democratic primary in his district on March 4 and faces former State Representative Jim Trakas in the general election .	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she will not support the lawmaker 's resolution Ohio Democrat contends that the president manufactured a false case for the war Kucinich introduced a resolution last year to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney
RollingStone.com  -- The Rolling Stones began their 50th anniversary tour with the biggest possible bang on Sunday night , as a host of special guests joined them for a hit-packed show in London 's O2 Arena . Former Stones comrades Bill Wyman and Mick Taylor returned to the ranks , while Mary J. Blige and Jeff Beck were also on hand to help with the celebrations . Wyman -- who left the Stones in 1992 -- was greeted with warm applause and a handshake from Keith Richards as he returned to play bass on "  It 's Only Rock and Roll " and "  Honky Tonk Women . " But the biggest cheers came for Taylor , who has n't been a Stone since 1974 -- he played trademark blues guitar solos on an extended version of "  Midnight Rambler " and looked like he was enjoying every second of the reunion . Rare and Intimate Pictures of the Rolling Stones Blige brought a gospel feel to "  Gim me Shelter , " trading vocal acrobatics with Mick Jagger , and Beck did a flashy guitar turn on 1969 's "  I 'm Going Down . " But , despite the headline-grabbing special guests , the evening remained very much about the Stones ' core members and their remarkable career , with the set spanning from their second-ever single , 1963 's "  I Wan na Be Your Man " to their latest , 2012 's "  Doom and Gloom . " In fact , it ended up pretty much like anyone else 's 50th birthday party : there were some old friends , some laughs , some tears , plenty of memories and a lot of embarrassing dancing -- plus it was all over in time for everyone to get the last train home . That said , the evening began half an hour later than billed , at 8.30 p.m. , with a video in which stars from Iggy Pop to Elton John and Johnny Depp to Nick Cave revealed how their first time hearing the Stones impacted them . Then a host of drummers wearing gorilla masks -- a nod to the cover of their new hits compilation , GRRR ! -- paraded around the arena before "  I Wan na Be Your Man " kicked things off . Simian percussionists and the massive , lips-shaped stage set aside , this was a relatively gimmick-free Stones set , both in terms of stage production and musical feel . This was the Stones in the raw -- or , at least , as raw as they can be after 50 years together and when playing in front of 20,000 fans . So hits like "  Get Off of My Cloud , " "  It 's All Over Now " and "  Paint It Black , " plus a raucous "  All Down the Line " were rattled through with minimum ceremony , at maximum volume . A Rolling Stones album guide Jagger , however , was in vintage showman form . In between pumping up the crowd with regular forays down a runway that ran around a central "  lips " pit full of hardcore fans , he brought plenty of funnies , at one point even joking about the controversy over the cost of tickets for the show , which started at Â # 90  some were re-sold for thousands of pounds online  . "  Everybody alright in the cheap seats ? " Jagger asked . "  They are n't so cheap though , are they ? That 's the trouble ... " "  What a year it 's been for British celebrations , " Jagger quipped later . "  There was the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee ... We did n't do that . The Olympics ... We did n't do that . James Bond 's 50th anniversary ... And we did n't do the song for that either ! But I 'm so glad that we 're here and that you 're here . " Richards -- while seemingly content to let Ronnie Wood do some of the heavy lifting on guitar -- was in similarly jocular form . "  It 's good to see you all , " Richards grinned as he took the mic for a two-song stint , "  Before They Make Me Run " and "  Happy , " adding , "  It 's good to see anybody . " The other members also took their moment in the sun , Wood milking the applause to such an extent that Jagger was moved to jokingly warn him that people "  had to catch the last tube . " In contrast , drummer Charlie Watts only reluctantly stepped to the front of the stage to take his bow . The set closed with a peerless run of classics , including "  Start Me Up , " "  Tumbling Dice " and "  Brown Sugar , " before Jagger donned a feathery cloak for an epic "  Sympathy for the Devil " to close the main set . After a brief break they returned with not one , but two choirs for a stunning "  You Ca n't Always Get What You Want " before a final "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash , " with Richards ' kinetic riffing center stage , ended the evening with a massive crowd singalong . Jumpin ' Jack Flashback ! Rolling Stones film from '65 released True , even after 50 years , the Stones still could n't get any "  Satisfaction " -- the 1965 hit was the most notable absentee from the set , despite appearing on the set list handed to the media . But as Jagger left the stage , still jogging and shaking his maracas after two and a half hours and 23 songs , it was clear that even at these ticket prices , the Stones ' 50th anniversary shows deliver value for money . Set list : "  I Wan na Be Your Man " "  Get Off of My Cloud " "  It 's All Over Now " "  Paint It , Black " "  Gim me Shelter " "  Wild Horses " "  All Down the Line " "  I 'm Going Down " "  Out of Control " "  One More Shot " "  Doom and Gloom " "  It 's Only Rock and Roll " "  Honky Tonk Women " "  Before They Make Me Run " "  Happy " "  Midnight Rambler " "  Miss You " "  Start Me Up " "  Tumbling Dice " "  Brown Sugar " "  Sympathy for the Devil " "  You Ca n't Always Get What You Want " "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash " See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Former Stones Bill Wyman and Mick Taylor returned to kick off the tour "  Everybody alright in the cheap seats ? " Jagger joked The evening began half an hour later than billed
EW.com  -- Before you attend your New Year 's parties , you have to decide what to do during the day on New Year 's Eve . Surely it ca n't take you 12 hours to get ready for a party . And if you choose to relax a little  or a lot  in front of the television , we 've rounded up your viewing options . Well , if by viewing you mean marathoning and never leaving the sofa . Check out your TV marathon options below : * Note : Final time is when final episode begins ; all listed in ET The Mindy Project season 2  Bravo , 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Vanilla Ice Project  DIY , 7 a.m.  followed by Vanilla Ice Goes Amish at 10 a.m. , before switching back to The Vanilla Ice Project from 12:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. House Hunters International  HGTV , 6:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.  followed by House Hunters  8 p.m. through next day Malcolm in the Middle  IFC , 6:15 a.m. to 3:45 p.m. Awkward  MTV 8 a.m. to 4:55 p.m. The Twilight Zone  Syfy 8 a.m. through next day Law & Order : Special Victims Unit  USA 4 a.m. to 7 p.m. Modern Family  USA , 8 p.m. to 12:30 a.m. The Walking Dead  AMC , 9 a.m. through next day The Fosters  ABC Family , 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Doctor Who  BBC , 1 p.m. through next day Dr. Phil  OWN , 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. Cops  Spike , Noon through next day Here Comes Honey Boo Boo  TLC , 4 p.m. through next day Storage Wars  A&E 6 p.m. through next day Happy Endings  VH1 , 8 p.m. through all day on New Year 's See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A few of the TV shows will offer NYE marathons "  Modern Family , " "  The Walking Dead " and others will air "  Happy Endings " gets revived on VH1 for a marathon
CNN  -- Napoli missed a great chance to cut the gap on Italian league leaders AC Milan after crashing 2-0 at Chievo Verona as favored teams struggled to impress in Wednesday 's games . Walter Mazzarri 's second-placed team could have moved within two points after Lazio held Milan 0-0 on Tuesday , but suffered a sixth defeat in 23 Serie A games . Striker Davide Moscardelli put Chievo ahead in the 20th minute after controlling the ball well and curling a left-foot shot in off the post , and should have doubled the lead but miskicked with the goal at his mercy . Defender Gennaro Sardo netted five minutes after halftime after winning the ball and beating three men before firing home to lift his team up to 10th in the table and completed the double over Napoli after the 3-1 away victory in September . Vote for the best clubs in the world in new CNN poll Champions Inter Milan , meanwhile , can move above third-placed Lazio on goal difference with victory at bottom club Bari on Thursday , having two games in hand . Fourth-placed Roma could have gone third on Wednesday but were held 1-1 at home by second-bottom Brescia . Loan striker Marco Borriello put Claudio Ranieri 's team ahead in the 58th minute , but Brazilian forward Eder equalized 11 minutes later . Juventus coach Luigi Delneri is battling to save his job after the 2-1 defeat at Palermo -- his team 's fifth in eight games this year . Lazio hold leaders Milan in goalless draw Palermo moved above the Turin team into sixth place as captain Fabrizio Miccoli beat goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon from a tight angle in the seventh minute and midfielder Giulio Migliaccio headed the second on 20 . Claudio Marchisio reduced the deficit nine minutes before halftime after goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu failed to deal with a corner , but the 27-time Italian champions could not equalize . Udinese dropped to seventh after coming from behind to draw 1-1 at home to 14th-placed Bologna . Captain Marco Di Vaio put the visitors ahead in the 65th minute , but defender Maurizio Domizzi leveled with 13 minutes to play . Cagliari claimed ninth place with a 1-0 victory at Sampdoria , Fiorentina moved up to 11th with a 1-0 home win over Genoa , Cesena drew 1-1 with fellow relegation battlers Catania and Lecce moved away from the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Parma .	Napoli fail to move within two points of leaders AC Milan after defeat in Verona Chievo complete the double over second-placed team with 2-0 victory Turin giants Juventus suffer fifth defeat in eight games this year , losing at Palermo Fourth-placed Roma held 1-1 at home by second-bottom Brescia
CNN  -- As Zimbabweans awaited presidential election results , the ruling party declared victory Thursday as the opposition dismissed the vote as a "  huge farce . " Vote counting was under way in the election that pitted incumbent President Robert Mugabe against Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai for the third time . Mugabe , 89 , has been at the helm since 1980 , the only president the nation has known since it gained independence from Britain . A win would extend his time in office to 38 years . Even though the nation 's electoral commission has not released any numbers , a ruling party official claimed victory . "  There is no doubt whatsoever that we have seen results everywhere in the country so far that ZANU-PF has won , " said Didymus Mutasa , a party secretary . Tsvangirai 's party called the vote "  null and void , " alleging widespread fraud . "  This has been a huge farce , " Tsvangirai , 61 , said at a news conference in the capital , Harare . "  The credibility has been marred by administrative and legal violations which affect the legitimacy of its outcome . " He said irregularities included voter intimidation , unauthorized voter migration and lack of transparency in printing ballot boxes . But Mutasa dismissed the fraud allegations . "  That is stupidity . If all the leaders were as stupid as Tsvangirai , the world would be a very sad place to live in , " he said . Opinion : Is Zimbabwe ready for elections ? End of coalition government The election marks an end to an uneasy coalition government between the two leaders formed after violence marred the last poll . At least 200 people were killed and thousands were injured in post-election violence in 2008 . Regional leaders dismissed that election as a sham and pressured Mugabe to form a power-sharing agreement with Tsvangirai , which led to the tense coalition in 2009 . Rights groups have accused the government of intimidating and beating up opposition supporters , and interfering with the polls in the latest election . But Mugabe has denied the accusations and extended a conciliatory message to his main rival . "  I 've got my fair share of criticisms and also dealt back rights and lefts and uppercuts . But that 's the game . Although we boxed each other , with Tsvangirai , it 's not as hostile as before . It 's all over now . We can now shake hands , " Mugabe said . Mugabe to West : Back off The elections were held under a new constitution endorsed in a March referendum that limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe is allowed to seek another term because the rule does not apply retroactively . Last week , he had a few words for critics of the election , especially the West . "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please , " he said in response to criticisms from the United States on his push for elections without key reforms . About 6.4 million voters in Zimbabwe -- half of the country 's population -- were eligible to cast their ballots , according to the electoral commission . Long lines snaked at polling stations , an indication of high voter turnout . Zimbabwe , seeking election funding , turns to neighboring countries ` Will this be the moment ? ' Citizens say this year 's election is crucial in more ways than one . Despite the setbacks , it provides another shot at democracy . "  We are still a young country ... our democracy is still young , " said Nigel Mugamu , who lives in Harare . "  A lot of African countries have changed leadership at least once or twice . We have n't seen a new face . From that perspective , it 's an exciting time . Will this be the moment it will happen ? " Hope after hyperinflation Mugamu said a peaceful election will boost investment , a major concern for the nation , which has tense relations with its major donors . This is the first poll since Zimbabwe battled hyperinflation that left investors jittery and led many to abandon the country 's currency . In 2009 , the nation introduced a 100 trillion-dollar bill that was worth about $ 300 in U.S. currency . At the time , a loaf of bread cost about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars . The hyperinflation forced traders to insist on international currency to hedge against losses . Big strides Despite widespread poverty , the nation has made major strides in its economy since then , experts say . Since then , the nation 's gross domestic product "  has grown by an average of over 7 % and inflation has remained in the low single digits , " the International Monetary Fund said last month . "  Government revenues have more than doubled from 16 % of GDP in 2009 to an estimated 36 % of GDP in 2012 , allowing the restoration of basic public services . " And as the nation returns from the brink of a crippled economy , Zimbabweans are hopeful . "  Whoever wins , the country needs to move forward , " said Linda Mukusha , a Harare resident . Journalist Columbus Mavhunga contributed from Harare , andâ $ Ž CNN 's Brian Walker from Atlanta .	Mugabe 's party says there 's "  no doubt " he has won His main rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , declares the vote "  null and void " Tsvangirai alleges widespread fraud ; Mugabe 's party calls allegations "  stupid "
Newcastle , England  CNN  -- Waving flags and chanting , far-right marchers rallied in northern England on Saturday , their numbers apparently swelled by anger over the slaying of a British soldier allegedly by attackers who claimed an Islamist motive . Protesters on the march organized by the far-right English Defence League told CNN that Wednesday 's horror in southeast London 's Woolwich neighborhood had opened their eyes and called for Muslims to leave . It was in Woolwich that Lee Rigby was hit by a car , then hacked to death by two men -- one of whom sought out a camera to justify the killing as "  an eye for an eye , " saying it was "  because Muslims are dying daily . " Those two men are now under guard in South London hospitals after being shot in a confrontation with police . Three additional men were arrested Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder , according to police . Addressing the crowd Saturday in Newcastle , EDL leader Tommy Robinson said that Rigby 's killing should be a wake-up call to British citizens . "  We can not allow this soldier 's death to be in vain , " Robinson said . "  We are the only ones who dare say it . When did the truth become hate speech ? " Police said between 1,500 and 2,000 people participated in the EDL demonstration -- many more than the 300 to 500 protesters that EDL organizers told CNN ahead of the event that they were expecting . Glass bottles were thrown at one point as EDL protesters skirmished with a group of bystanders opposed to their march . A counter demonstration was held by a group called Newcastle Unites . Police estimate that 350 to 400 people took part in that event , which coincided with the far-right rally . Dipu Ahad , a Labor councilor in the city and a leader of Newcastle Unites , told CNN the EDL were "  opportunists " who were making use of anger over the killing to push their message . Newcastle Chief Supt. Gary Calvert said the day had passed without major incident . Police made a number of arrests , mostly alcohol-related or to prevent public order offenses , he said in a statement , but the "  vast majority of those taking part were well behaved . " The march came amid concern over growing anti-Muslim sentiment as evidence emerges of apparent links between one of the two suspected attackers and radical Islamist groups . Friends , acquaintances and British media have identified 28-year-old Michael Adebolajo , a British national of Nigerian descent , as the suspect seen in the video from the scene of the Woolwich killing . He is said to be a Muslim convert . A self-proclaimed friend of the suspect was arrested Friday night at BBC Broadcasting House after giving an interview in which he said Adebolajo had been approached by Britain 's domestic security service , MI5 . Police said the arrest was made under the Terrorism Act and was not connected to the Woolwich inquiry . Politicians and community leaders have been trying to tamp down tensions in the wake of the murder of Rigby , a drummer and machine gunner in Britain 's military , and police numbers have been boosted in vulnerable areas . Members of the EDL clashed with police near the scene of the killing late Wednesday . A tweet from its official account proclaimed then that "  it 's fair to say that finally the country is waking up ! :- NO SURRENDER ! " Northumbria Police arrested three people on suspicion of posting racist tweets ahead of the EDL rally . A message posted on the EDL Facebook page Saturday urged members to abide by the law or risk arrest . "  NO swearing , NO incitement to violence , No racist remarks , No threats . Please be very aware that the authorities can , do & will monitor these pages & it seems from information we are getting are visiting and arresting people . Keep it safe please , " it said . ` Abused in the street , online ' A group which monitors incidents of anti-Muslim abuse , the Tell Mama project , said Saturday morning it had seen a huge increase in the number of reported incidents . Fiyaz Mughal , a coordinator of Tell Mama , told CNN Saturday morning that 162 incidents had been reported in the past 48 hours -- compared with four to six incidents a day on average before the Woolwich attack . The latest include street-based incidents like name calling , assaults and materials being thrown at individuals , Mughal said , as well as online incidents , where targeted hate is directed at individuals through the Internet and social media . Eight incidents of attacks against mosques across Britain are also included in the figure . Mughal , also director of an interfaith national hate crime reporting project , Faith Matters , said he had observed that people are scared , particularly female Muslims who wear headscarves and have told Tell Mama that they are afraid to go out . "  It 's quite endemic , " he said . Tell Mama recorded 632 incidents of anti-Muslim abuse in the year from March 2012 , it said , about three-quarters of which occurred online . More than half were directed at women . Imams sign letter condemning attack The apparent increase in abuse comes as Muslim leaders , as well as their Christian counterparts , seek to keep communities calm . Shaykh Shams Adduha , founder and director of Ebrahim College , which teaches Islamic studies in London , is one of nearly 100 imams and Muslim groups to have signed a letter Friday condemning the "  outrageous attack " on Rigby and offering their condolences to his family . "  We share the absolute horror felt by the rest of British society at the sick and barbaric crime that was committed in the name of our religion . We condemn this heinous atrocity in the strongest possible terms . It is a senseless act of pure depravity worthy of nothing but contempt , " it read . Shams Adduha told CNN Saturday that the Muslim community had reacted promptly and was working hard to defuse tensions . "  First of all we 've been very open in our condemnation and very open about the fact that there is no place ... in Islam for this kind of act , " the imam said . "  At the same time we 've been calling for calm , we 've constantly been talking to our communities to make sure that their fears are allayed . But of course the reactions are happening -- and they will happen . " These types of attacks are also a reaction , he said , to problems and grievances among "  angry young people out there in the world . " With regards to the Woolwich attack , he said , Muslim leaders must make clear that what happened is "  un-Islamic " and seek to educate young people so they are not susceptible to "  fringe voices . " Prime Minister David Cameron stressed Thursday that "  the fault lies solely with sickening individuals who carried out this attack , " adding that "  nothing in Islam ... justifies this truly dreadful act . " ` Eye for an eye ' One of the attack suspects apparently approached a man filming the gory scene in the Woolwich neighborhood and suggested that Rigby had been targeted only "  because Muslims are dying daily " at the hands of British troops like him . "  We must fight them as they fight us . An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth , " he said in the video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . Britain 's armed forces have served in Iraq and Afghanistan . All its combat troops are due to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . The identity of a second man , aged 22 , seized at the scene by armed police has not been released . Both suspects were shot and remain in hospital . A third man , aged 29 , who was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder on Thursday is also still in custody . Donations flood in It is understood that the two individuals suspected of carrying out the knife and cleaver attack were known to Britain 's domestic security service . They had featured in previous investigations into other individuals , but were not themselves under surveillance . CNN understands that one line of inquiry being examined in the Woolwich terror investigation is that suspect Adebolajo might have attempted -- but failed -- to travel to Somalia some time last year . The brutal slaying of Rigby near the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich , a working-class , multicultural neighborhood , shocked people across the United Kingdom . The 25-year-old , who was married and had a 2-year-old son , was a machine gunner who became a recruiter . He was also a ceremonial military drummer . His family spoke Friday of their sorrow at losing a son , husband and brother who was dedicated to his job and devoted to his family . Help for Heroes , a charity which helps injured military veterans and servicemen and women , said Saturday that nearly Â # 600,000  $ 907,590  in public donations had poured in since the news of Rigby 's murder -- with more still coming in . "  The nation has rallied behind our Armed Forces in an extraordinary and wonderful display of support , " the charity said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London , where Erin McLaughlin also reported . Victoria Eastwood reported from Newcastle . CNN 's Matthew Chance , Bharati Naik , Jonathan Wald and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Tensions are high following the slaying of a British soldier in London on Wednesday Police say 1,500-2 ,000 people joined a far-right EDL march in Newcastle "  We can not allow this soldier 's death to be in vain , " the group 's leader says Imams sign a letter condemning the murder in Woolwich as a senseless act of depravity
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's commission investigating last year 's oil disaster is giving environmental groups hope that some change is on the horizon , but not the full scope of what they 're looking for , two groups told CNN Thursday . "  If you take the findings to heart , you would n't start drilling again , " said Kert Davies , research director with Greenpeace . On Wednesday , the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling released a chapter of its coming report , saying "  systemic " problems caused the blowout and that only "  significant reform " would prevent another . "  The Macondo blowout was the product of several individual missteps and oversights by BP , Halliburton , and Transocean , which government regulators lacked the authority , the necessary resources , and the technical expertise to prevent , " the report says . Macondo was the name of the well . BP , Halliburton and Transocean all were involved in the drilling operation . Greenpeace and the Sierra Club told CNN there were no surprises in the released chapter . "  It kind of confirms our worst fears that we 've had about the oil industry all along -- that they cut corners where they can , " said Athan Manuel , director of lands protection with the Sierra Club . "  And that sometimes threatens the safety and operation of their rigs . " Manuel said he believes the president will take the commission 's findings seriously . "  Administratively , we 're confident that the Obama administration will change the way oil companies do business in the Gulf . " But , he said , his group is not holding out hope for major legislative change . "  I imagine that the Republicans in charge of the Natural Resources Committee , and now the new speaker , do n't want to see any new restrictions on the oil industry , " he said . Greenpeace 's Davies said the chapter released "  puts an exclamation point on the fact that the corporations were at fault , " though he noted that a lack of government oversight also is to blame . "  What we hope is that the commission 's recommendations are taken to heart by the president , " he said . But Davies added , "  We do n't have very high hopes for the reforms that should happen -- a massive overhaul of the regulatory apparatus and oversight . " "  Ultimately , " he said , "  I think the oil industry will succeed in blocking things like that . " The group Ocean Conservancy also weighed in with a statement , saying the early draft indicates the commission "  will recommend important reforms . " The group added , "  We now look to the government and industry to step up to the plate . " The American Petroleum Institute , the main group representing the oil industry , told CNN Thursday it did not yet have a response to the chapter released by the commission . Halliburton issued a response , accusing the commission of having "  selectively omitted information we provided to them . " The company also disagreed with certain specifics , saying the report mischaracterized foam stability tests . Transocean issued a statement saying its crew had taken "  appropriate actions to gain control of the well . They were well trained and considered to be among the best in the business . " BP spokesman Robert Sholars said Wednesday the oil giant "  has cooperated fully with the commission 's investigation , " stressing that "  the accident was the result of multiple causes , involving multiple companies . " "  BP is working with regulators and the industry to ensure that the lessons learned from Macondo lead to improvements in operations and contractor services in deepwater drilling , " Sholars said . The U.S. Department of the Interior said it , too , is already implementing reforms . "  The agency has taken unprecedented steps and will continue to make the changes necessary to restore the American people 's confidence in the safety and environmental soundness of oil and gas drilling and production on the Outer Continental Shelf , while balancing our nation 's important energy needs , " spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said .	A single chapter of a report into the Deepwater Horizon disaster is now public "  We do n't have very high hopes " for major reforms , a Greenpeace official says Ocean Conservancy : "  We now look to the government and industry to step up to the plate "
CNN  -- Survivors of a deadly earthquake-triggered tsunami which hit the Samoan islands Tuesday have described how they watched the inrushing sea swallow up coastal towns and villages leaving devastation in its wake . iReporter Alden Tagarino captured this image of the damage caused by the tsunami in Pago Pago . At least 111 people are confirmed killed in Samoa , neighboring American Samoa and Tonga . But officials in the Polynesia region have expressed fears the toll will rise as rescue workers struggle to reach outlying villages submerged and flattened by the wave . American Samoa resident Frances Faumatu told CNN she had fled to Aoloau , the highest village on the island , as the earthquake shook her house . "  All of a sudden we heard on the radio everybody had to run for safety , " she said . "  Right after the quake , the tsunami came . " Faumatu and others stayed on the mountain for two or three hours until the warning was lifted , watching as the sea swallowed Pago Pago , island 's capital , and then receded . At least 22 people are confirmed dead in the U.S. island territory . Cars , debris , and parts of buildings were randomly strewn over the landscape where the powerful waters dropped them . See iReporter images of the aftermath " But in some cases , the sea left nothing behind . "  Other villages were taken to the ocean , " Faumatu said . "  I ca n't even compare the image . It 's one thing to see a photo or footage , but just to be there in person is pretty dramatic , " Maneafaiga T. Lagafuaina told CNN Wednesday . "  American Samoa itself is experiencing a great loss . " The 8.0-magnitude quake hit the small cluster of Samoan islands in the South Pacific early Tuesday . In Samoa , the death toll stands at 82 , according to government minister Maulolo Tavita . But he said he feared the number of causalities would continue to rise . Around 220,000 people live on the two main islands which make up the nation of Samoa . The population of American Samoa is about 66,000 . See a map of the affected region " Salamo Laumoli , director of health services at the LBJ Tropical Medical Center in Pago Pago , said he feared more fatalities would turn up as rescue workers strived to access parts of the island severed by damaged infrastructure . "  I thought it was the end of the world , " said Laumoli . "  I have never felt an earthquake like that before . " Patients at the hospital were briefly moved to higher ground , but they were soon brought back and the hospital is operating , the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency said . The airport in the capital of Pago Pago was also operational and being used for emergency flights , FEMA said . A U.S. Coast Guard C-130 cargo plane was scheduled to land Wednesday around noon Eastern time , which coincides with sunrise in the Pacific U.S. protectorate , said Craig Fugate , FEMA administrator . A second C-130 was scheduled to land around 5 p.m. ET . "  The wave came onshore and washed out people 's homes , " said Cinta Brown , an American Samoa homeland security official working at the island 's emergency operations center . The same happened on the hard-hit east and west sides of American Samoa , said Brown , who was standing in a parking lot when her sport utility vehicle began rocking left and right . She said she could hear the rattling of metal of a large chain-link fence around the lot . "  It shakes you because you know something else is coming , " she said . The British Foreign Office said one of the dead in American Samoa was a British national , but no other details were provided . In Tonga , Lord Tuita , the acting prime minister , said at least seven people had been confirmed dead on the northern island of Niuatoputapu . Three others were missing and four people were being treated for serious injuries , he said . "  The hospital on the island is reported to have suffered major damage ; telephone communications has been cut as a result of damage to equipment and facilities on the island ; homes and government buildings have been destroyed ; the airport runway has been severely damaged making it impossible for any fixed wing aircraft to land , " a statement from the Tongan prime minister 's office said . Were you there ? Send us your photos and video A series of aftershocks reverberated through the region Tuesday as reports emerged of entire villages flattened or submerged by the tsunami . The walls of water were so strong that they twisted concrete beams and mangled cars . See an explainer on tsunamis " Laumoli said people in outlying villages on one end of the main American Samoa island had been cut off because the connecting bridge was washed away . Listen to Laumoli speak about the impact of the quake and tsunami " American Samoa Gov. Togiola Tulafono , speaking from Hawaii , said Tuesday 's quake ranked "  right up there with some of the worst " disasters on the island . He said he had spoken to the military about mobilizing reserve forces for assistance . Tulafono was on his way back home from Hawaii on Tuesday night on one of two U.S. Coast Guard transport planes delivering aid . He told reporters Tuesday it had been hard being away from home as the disaster unfolded . It was a time , he said , for families to be together . Watch American Samoa governor discuss tsunami " President Obama declared American Samoa a major disaster area , ordering federal aid to supplement local efforts . "  We keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers , " he said . A U.S. Defense Department official said 75 members of the Hawaii National Guard were ordered to American Samoa to begin assisting with medical relief , search and rescue and providing communications capabilities on the island . The unit will bring enough supplies to sustain themselves for 96 hours and its expected more aid from the military could begin flowing in , the official said . The Coast Guard is transporting more than 20 officials from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to American Samoa , said John Hamill , external affairs officer for FEMA in Oakland , California . The FEMA team will include a variety of debris experts , housing experts , members of the Corps of Engineers , and other disaster relief specialists , Hamill said . The quake generated three separate tsunami waves , the largest measuring 5.1 feet from sea level height , said Vindell Hsu , a geophysicist with the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . Preliminary data had originally reported a larger tsunami . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Augie Martin , Mariano Castillo , Moni Basu , Tess Eastment , Jim Kavanagh , Mike Ahlers , Hank Bishop and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	At least 111 dead in Samoan islands and Tonga after Pacific tsunami Officials fear death toll will rise as rescue workers reach outlying visitors Magnitude-8 .0 quake strikes near Samoan Islands early Tuesday Hawaii National Guard troops being sent on relief operation
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A massive fire engulfed the four-story offices of a major film company in central London on Friday , sending clouds of white smoke over the city skyline , the London fire department said . Streets in London were cordoned off while firefighters tackled the blaze . Two firefighters were taken to the hospital with minor injuries as a result of the blaze in the Future Films building on Dean Street in the city 's Soho district , London ambulance services said . The London Fire Brigade dispatched 12 engines and 55 firefighters to battle the fire , which began before 2 p.m.  9 a.m. ET  . As a result , an adjacent street -- the W1 -- has been closed to traffic and pedestrians . When reached by CNN , Future Films founder and managing director Stephen Margolis had no comment about the fire . Future Films has been involved in the production of more than 120 films since Margolis created the company in 2000 , including "  Bend it like Beckham "  2002  , "  The Importance of Being Earnest "  2002  , and "  Transsiberian "  2008  . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Streets sealed off around London blaze Smoke seen billowing over British capital Soho a popular nightlife district
CNN  -- If Roger Moukarzel 's camera could talk , it would have some colorful stories to tell . From the front line of the Lebanese wars , to the bewitching fashion houses of Italy and France , the Beirut-born photographer has crossed every continent in search of the perfect picture . Born in 1962 , Moukarzel says his calling was thrust upon him as a teenager , when civil war broke loose on his doorstep and he felt a duty to document it . For 15 years he worked for news agencies Sygma and Reuters , capturing the spectacle and chaos of combat . Swapping the battlefield for haute couture , Moukarzel 's fashion shots have featured on the cover of Elle magazine , while his advertising work has earned him three Pikasso d'Or Billboard Advertising awards over the past decade . On his latest journey , Moukarzel swapped the baking streets of his home in Beirut for the glacial forests of Lulea in northern Sweden , more popularly known as the reindeer haven of Lapland . Here he would fuse his experience of both documentary and fashion photography to create a series of staged images that tell the story of how climate change is impacting the life and landscape of the Sami -- an indigenous people who live across four nations in northern Europe . See more Fusion Journeys He was met in Lulea by local part-time photographer and full-time reindeer herder Carl-Johan Utsi , himself a member of the Sami . Utsi 's knowledge and experience proved invaluable to Moukarzel as he attempted to tackle the rugged and frost-bitten landscape of Lulea . Here , CNN asks Moukarzel to look back over his Fusion Journey . CNN : Describe the photographs . What was the thought behind their composition ? Roger Moukarzel : This series shows members of the indigenous Sami people from northern Scandinavia , dressed in their beautiful , very flamboyant traditional clothing . They are stood in the snow in this incredible landscape of Lulea , but right behind I placed an image of industry ... a big factory . Many of the people that are suffering the effects of climate change have not done anything to contribute to it , and areas that are being destroyed are often far away from where the pollution is made . The idea with the images is to bring these two realities closer together . CNN : What drew you to make this journey in the first place ? RM : I believe that the role of the photographer is not only to take nice pictures , but to show people something that changes how they see and understand the world . There are lots of pictures out there of ice-caps melting , forests being chopped down and so on . They are very direct images . But I wanted to tell the story of an indirect process , a story that somehow shows the chain of events from factory pollution on one hand to habitat destruction on the other . This journey for me was about creating images that would have an impact -- that would ask the viewer to think about the cause and effect of climate change . CNN : Why Lulea ? RM : The Samis are fighting everyday to preserve their traditions and culture . They mainly make their living from fishing and reindeer herding . The environment is really crucial for them and they are aiming to live in harmony with it . But in the past few years , these people have really experienced climate change . Their livelihood has been affected because they 've not been able to travel on the frozen lakes . Why ? Because they 're no longer frozen ! They are in crazy situation where they have to transport reindeer by truck because it is not safe for them on the ice . I was told that two years ago , a whole herd of reindeer died in the mountains because the ice beneath them just gave way . See also : Indian master chef gets fresh in Denmark CNN : What were you first feelings encountering the landscape and the people ? RM : It 's interesting because for this project I had done a lot of research -- I felt like I had really immersed myself in the location before I got there , and that I would have a good idea of what to expect . But nothing prepares you for the reality -- the sudden impact of the scenery , the extreme cold , the deep beauty of this dreamlike land . It goes to show that nature is much deeper than what you can ever see in a photo ... this is something I always have difficulty accepting as a photographer ! As for the people , they were wonderful . So warm , smiling -- despite all that is happening . They went out of their way to help me . CNN : You collaborated with local photographer Carl-Johan Utsi , did you work well together ? RM : I could not have done it without him . As a fellow photographer , I think he understood my intentions much more , and as a Sami himself -- his knowledge and understanding of the people and the area was very important . From a technical point of view , his experience of shooting in extreme weather was very useful . It 's not something I 've ever done before and he showed me what to do when my camera froze , how to deal with the surroundings from a photographer 's perspective . We had a lot of practical difficulties setting up the shoot , transporting the canvas and equipment across a very challenging landscape , and he was there for guidance at each step . CNN : Are you happy with the results ? RM : Yes , very much so . I think there is a lot going on in these photos . You have elements of indigenous culture -- the colorful dress and these remarkable people ; you have the striking , other-worldly landscape ; and finally you have this shocking image that grabs your attention and gives the photograph its important meaning . But ultimately , the images are only truly valuable if they have some sort of impact . Already , I think , just by being on CNN , by you talking to me now , I can say that they are having this impact . From here I will be traveling to at least 12 other countries using the same idea , the same motif . I 'm going to go to every continent to show the real impact that climate change is having ... So this was the start of my journey , and I hope you 'll be there when I reach the end .	Lebanese photographer Roger Moukarzel travels to north Sweden to document climate change Moukarzel teams up with local photograher Carl-Johan Utsi , a member of the indigenous Sami people Moukarzel 's images contrast the beauty of landscape and people with industrial pollution
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Almost 50 percent of the world 's primates are in danger of extinction , according to a report from an international conservation group that cites habitat destruction and hunting as the two greatest threats . The golden-headed lion tamarin has been brought back from the edge of extinction . The situation is especially dire in Asia , where the report says more than 70 percent of monkeys , apes , and other primates are classified as vulnerable , endangered , or critically endangered . "  We 've raised concerns for years about primates being in peril , but now we have solid data to show the situation is far more severe than we imagined , " said Russell Mittermeier , president of Conservation International and chairman of the IUCN Primate Specialist Group . "  Tropical forest destruction has always been the main cause , but now it appears that hunting is just as serious a threat in some areas , even where the habitat is still quite intact , " he said . The report from Conservation International , issued at this week 's International Primatological Society Congress in Edinburgh , Scotland , looked at the world 's 634 kinds of primates , mankind 's closest relatives . Conservation International funded the review along with the Margot Marsh Biodiversity Foundation , Disney 's Animal Kingdom , and the Swiss-based IUCN , or International Union for Conservation of Nature . The report found that about 90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia were at risk of extinction . Populations of gibbons , leaf monkeys , langurs and other species had dwindled , the report said , because of "  rampant habitat loss exacerbated by hunting for food and to supply the wildlife trade in traditional Chinese medicine and pets . " Jean-Christophe Vie , deputy head of the IUCN Species Program , called the situation in southeast Asia terrifying . "  To have a group of animals under such a high level of threat is , quite frankly , unlike anything we have recorded among any other group of species to date , " he said in a news release . Great apes like gorillas and bonobos still faced challenges in Africa , the report said , but it was the smaller primates -- such as the red colobus monkey , with its striking white , black and rust-colored coat -- that could die out first . In Africa , 11 of the 13 kinds of red colobus monkeys assessed in the report were listed as critically endangered or endangered , and two may already be extinct , the report said . Bouvier 's red colobus has not been seen in 25 years , and despite occasional sightings , no primatologist has recorded a living Miss Waldron 's red colobus since 1978 , the report says . Primates are important to the health of their surrounding ecosystems , the report 's authors say , supporting a wide range of plant and animal life in the world 's tropical forests . Healthy forests , in turn , provide vital resources for local human populations . Reforestation is crucial to restoring primate populations because it restores their habitat , the report said . It cites the cases of the black lion tamarin and golden lion tamarin in Brazil , which were downgraded from critically endangered to endangered after three decades of conservation efforts . "  If you have forests , you can save primates , " said Anthony Rylands , a scientist with Conservation International and the deputy chair of the IUCN Primate Specialist Group . "  The work with lion tamarins shows that conserving forest fragments and reforesting to create corridors that connect them is not only vital for primates , but offers the multiple benefits of maintaining healthy ecosystems and water supplies while reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change . "	Report : Almost 50 percent of world 's primates in danger of extinction Situation is especially dire in Asia , where 70 percent of primates threatened 90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia at risk of extinction
CNN  -- A DNA link may signal a break in a 36-year-old investigation into the slaying of four children , the Oakland County , Michigan , prosecutor 's office announced Tuesday . The so-called Oakland County Child Killer is believed to be responsible for the deaths of Mark Stebbins , 12 , Jill Robinson , 12 , Kristine Mihelich , 10 , and Timothy King , 11 , who were kidnapped and found dead between 1976 and 1977 . Using technology unavailable to investigators at the time of the crimes , the FBI DNA unit at Quantico tested and analyzed human hairs found on the bodies of Stebbins and King , the prosecutor 's office said . Investigators were able to establish a mitochondrial DNA , or mtDNA , profile link between the hairs , establishing they came from the same person , essentially proving the two crimes were connected . Source : DNA at Occupy protest similar to material on victim 's CD player "  This is the first piece of evidence that actually links any of the victims together . It was always believed that these two killings were linked to the same person , however that was an assumption based on the similarities in the crime , " said Jessica R. Cooper , Oakland County Prosecutor . Armed with proof the boys ' death was connected , authorities pulled up more evidence from the 1970s investigation . At the time , police had found a person of interest and were able to search his car . The car was a 1966 Pontiac Bonneville . The investigators took samples from the interior of the car and found small hairs , fibers and fur . They were placed in evidence where they remained for decades , until this material , too , was submitted to the FBI DNA unit for testing and analysis . According to prosecutors , the testing revealed that the hairs recovered from the Bonneville had the same mtDNA profile as the hairs recovered from the boys ' bodies . The owner of the car , 70-year-old Archibald "  Ed " Sloan , is serving a life sentence for two counts of criminal sexual conduct in the first degree . Sloan was tested for a DNA match , but it was determined he did not share the same DNA profile : The hairs found on the boys and in the car were not his . "  It is believed that Sloan would allow others to use his 1966 Bonneville , as well as the other described vehicles , so investigators are looking for information concerning any other people who may have used this car , or had access to any of these vehicles . Finding anyone like this who turns out to be the donor of the hair may be the key to solving these two murders , " Cooper said . Cold case : ` Dating Game ' suspect pleads not guilty The mtDNA results are not absolute . According to prosecutors , the hairs recovered from the boys ' bodies were not suitable for autosomal DNA testing , or nuclear DNA testing , the testing most commonly referred to in movies and television . Investigators had to use mtDNA testing , which is less definitive than autosomal DNA testing . "  With nuclear , autosomal DNA ... you 're dealing with absolute identification . It 's like a fingerprint , unique to each person except twins , " said Dr. Lawrence Kobilinsky , forensic scientist at John Jay College of Criminal Justice , "  Mitochondrial DNA is completely different . If you have a hair from a person , that person 's siblings and all maternal relatives would share that mitochondrial profile . It 's not unique to a particular person . " On the other hand , Kobilinsky said an mtDNA link is still significant , and enough to cast suspicion on anyone who shares the mtDNA profile , "  People have been convicted on mtDNA evidence alone , " he said . Authorities are hopeful the new evidence will help them catch the killer . "  We are excited about this new opportunity , " said Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard , "  This haunts every police officer who was around then and is around today . " Authorities encourage anyone with information to call the tip line at 1-800-442-7766 . TV movie on ` Green River Killer ' leads to ID of remains of woman missing since '82	Oakland County Child Killer thought responsible in four '70s deaths FBI used modern DNA testing to study hairs found in the investigation Officials say the results give solid evidence the killings are linked
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- At 5 a.m. on any given day , Anne Mahlum could be found running the dark streets of Philadelphia -- with homeless men cheering her on as she passed their shelter . But one morning last spring , she stopped in her tracks . "  Running really is a metaphor for life , " Anne Mahlum says . "  You just have to take it one step at a time . " "  Why am I running past these guys ? " recalls Mahlum , 27 . "  I 'm moving my life forward every day -- and these guys are standing in the same spot . " Instead of continuing to pass them by , the veteran marathoner sprang into action so they could join her . She contacted the shelter , got donations of running gear , and in July 2007 the "  Back On My Feet " running club hit the streets . The first day , Mahlum led nine shelter residents in a mile-long run . Today , Back on My Feet has teams in three Philadelphia shelters , including 54 homeless members and more than 250 volunteers . The group has logged more than 5,000 miles . Requirements for shelter residents to join are simple -- they must live in an affiliated facility and be clean and sober for 30 days . Members receive new shoes and running clothes , and teams run together three times a week between 5:30 and 6 a.m. . The runners are diverse -- doctors , janitors , students and shelter residents -- but such distinctions are n't apparent . "  All you can tell is who 's the fastest , " says Mahlum . "  You ca n't tell who 's homeless and who 's not . " For Mahlum and others , Back On My Feet is more than a running club . "  We 're a community of support , love , respect , " she says . Watch how the group hits the predawn streets of Philadelphia . " Runners greet each other with hugs and words of encouragement . While members say they 've lost weight , quit smoking and have more energy , Mahlum believes they 're also learning important life skills such as discipline and goal-setting that can help them get on the road to self-sufficiency . "  Running really is a metaphor for life , " she says . "  There is always another mile . You just have to take it one step at a time . " That 's something Mahlum herself has learned over the past 10 years as she 's dealt with her father 's alcoholism . Running has been her therapy , she says . "  I 'm learning more about my life through all of this . " Watch Mahlum recall a troubling moment when she turned to running . " Back On My Feet also has a job training program for a partner . Three members are taking classes , learning computer and interview skills , while three others have found jobs . Mike Solomon , an original member , is one of the group 's success stories . A former crack user who spent his youth in and out of trouble on the streets of Wilmington , Delaware , Solomon is employed , in school and training to run a marathon in his hometown . He considers Back on My Feet part of his support group . Watch Solomon describe how he got off crack and on the run . " "  Anne is helping people see the hero in themselves , " says Solomon . Mahlum aims to have Back On My Feet in 10 local shelters by the end of the year and expand beyond Philadelphia in 2009 . She believes her approach could be part of a solution to homelessness . "  Do we need homes ? Yes . We need jobs ? Yes , " she says . "  But imagine if you did n't have anybody in your life who said , ` I 'm really proud of you . ' Back On My Feet does just that . "	Philadelphia marathoner found herself running past homeless shelter every day After contacting shelter , Anne Mahlum started running club "  Back On My Feet " Club now has teams in three city shelters with 54 homeless members
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of October , according to a spokesman for the Polish military Thursday . Poland 's Prime Minister Donald Tusk , right , paid a surprise visit to Polish soldiers in Diwaniya in December . October 31 will be the last day of the Polish presence in Iraq , Major Dariusz Kacperczyk said , speaking from Warsaw . The precise date of withdrawal and when security would be handed over to local forces in Qadisiya , the southern Iraqi Shiite province where most Polish troops in Iraq are based , are still being determined , he said . "  One thing we know for sure is that after the last day of October , there will be no more Polish soldiers in Iraq , " Kacperczyk said . Poland 's new prime minister , Donald Tusk , has promised to bring the troops home from Iraq , where Poland has one of the larger non-U.S. contingents . There are around 900 Polish troops in the war-torn country , with most in the Qadisiya capital of Diwaniya , some in Baghdad and others in the southern city of Kut . Twenty-two soldiers from Poland have lost their lives during the nearly five year war in Iraq . Meanwhile , in Baghdad , a parked car bomb detonated in a predominantly Shiite district on Thursday , killing five civilians and wounding eight other people , the Interior Ministry said . The attack followed a string of roadside bombings that wounded 21 people , according to the Interior Ministry . Those included a homemade bomb that exploded near a convoy of the deputy minister of electricity , wounding at least five people . The deputy minister in the convoy escaped injury , State TV reported . Three roadside bomb explosions in different parts of Baghdad wounded 16 people . Two of those attacks targeted police . In southern Iraq , one Iraqi was killed and five were wounded Thursday when British troops returned fire after an attack on their base in Basra , the British military said . The early morning rocket and mortar attack left three British soldiers with "  very minor injuries . " Troops fired back , killing an Iraqi and wounding five others . British authorities are investigating the incident . The British military handed over security control in Basra late last year to Iraqi security forces but maintains a presence in the region . Basra and other areas of southern Iraq have been rocked by fighting among rival Shiite militias . Also Thursday , Coalition troops detained 11 people in raids in the volatile northern Iraqi city of Mosul and in the Baghdad region , the U.S. military said . Troops in Mosul seized the alleged leader of an al Qaeda in Iraq suicide bombing network and two other people . They also captured two "  suspected terrorists " in the city , which is soon to be the object of an Iraq-led offensive against militants . Six other people were arrested in operations near Abu Ghraib , in Baghdad province , and in Baghdad . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Melissa Gray , Jomana Karadsheh and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Parked car bomb in Baghdad kills 5 , wounds 8 NEW : One Iraqi killed in Basra during clash with British troops Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of October , military says There are around 900 Polish troops in the war-torn country , most in Diwaniya
Washington  CNN  -- South Dakota Democratic candidate Rick Weiland was glad when his party 's Senate campaign arm injected $ 1 million into his race , but that did n't keep him from pledging to oppose the party 's leader in the chamber . Weiland said Thursday during a televised debate that he would vote against prolonging Sen. Harry Reid 's tenure as the Democratic Leader , and challenged his Republican opponent Gov. Mike Rounds to pledge to oppose Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell as the Republican leader . "  Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell have given us the most dysfunctional government in a generation and they need to step aside , " Weiland said . Weiland 's pledge to oppose his party 's leader in the Senate does n't come as much of a surprise to those following the race . Behind the scenes , Reid not-so-quietly opposed Weiland 's bid to be the party 's nominee in South Dakota , which set off a feud between Reid and former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota , who backed Weiland 's bid . How South Dakota became the Senate fight surprise But Weiland framed his opposition in anti-Washington terms , calling Washington "  broken " and both parties "  beholden to big money . " "  Our Congress has been bought off and nothing is going to change until we get the money out of our politics , " Weiland said . "  The people of South Dakota deserve more than business as usual . " Weiland has gained a reputation for his folksy campaign style , even writing and performing modified renditions of popular songs -- turning "  Wagon Wheel " into a song about his low-budget campaign . And despite the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee 's $ 1 million investment in South Dakota , the support did n't flow directly to Weiland -- instead funding attack ads against Rounds . And those attacks could bolster either Weiland 's campaign or former Sen. Larry Pressler 's independent campaign . Pressler , who edged out Weiland in recent polls , has not said who he would caucus with , but his previous endorsements ' for President Barack Obama 's two presidential campaigns have fueled speculation that he could caucus with Democrats if elected . Could Independents tip the balance of the Senate ? Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Weiland said he would vote against Reid for the party 's leadership The statement comes after Reid reportedly opposed Weiland 's candidacy
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday rejected separate appeals from two Texas death row inmates , one involving an admission of an illicit affair between the prosecutor and the trial judge . The justices without comment turned aside Charles Hood 's challenge of his conviction . A state appeals court earlier this year ordered a new trial on the sentencing phase . Hood was convicted of the 1989 murder of Tracie Lynn Wallace and her boyfriend Ronald Williamson in their home outside Plano , Texas , which is just north of Dallas . The former nightclub bouncer has denied the charges . He was arrested while driving the victim 's car and his fingerprints were found at the murder scene . It was only after the trial that Hood 's lawyers learned of the romantic relationship between then-Judge Verla Sue Holland and one-time district attorney Tom O'Connell . Various state courts have rejected the assertion the affair cost Hood a fair trial . His lawyers Monday vowed to continue the fight to prove his innocence . "  We are disheartened that the United States Supreme Court ruled not to hear the case of Charles Hood in which the trial judge and district attorney who prosecuted Hood engaged in a secret , long-term , extramarital affair , " said Andrea Keilen , director of the Texas Defender Service , a legal group representing Hood . "  This is particularly disappointing given that the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to date has ignored this obvious and outrageous constitutional violation . " After her stint as a trial judge , Holland joined the state 's highest criminal appeals court before resigning in 2001 . That is the same court that ruled in February that Hood deserved a new trial on his punishment . The judges did not mention the affair in that decision . But the state high court last year refused Hood a new trial based on the admission of the affair . Neither the judge nor prosecutor were sanctioned for their behavior by the Texas Commission on Judicial Conduct or by the state bar . The case is Hood v. Texas  09-8610  . In the separate appeal , the high court refused to intervene on behalf of one of the nation 's longest serving death row inmates . Delma Banks was convicted of the murder 30-years ago this week of 16-year-old Richard Whitehead in eastern Texas . Banks ' original 2003 execution date was postponed over allegations of prosecutorial misconduct at his trial . Various courts have since allowed the execution to go forward . Banks ' attorneys claim faulty eyewitness testimony and the exclusion of blacks on the all-white jury prevented him from receiving a fair trial . Banks is African-American , his victim was white . The case is Banks v. Thaler  09-717  . The justices also put off a decision on another high-profile capital case from Texas , which executes more prisoners per year than any other state . Henry "  Hank " Skinner has made an actual innocence claim , demanding DNA testing on other evidence gathered at the crime scene . The justices had issued a stay just before his scheduled March 24 execution , to consider whether capital inmates have a basic right to have forensic evidence reviewed . Skinner , 47 , was convicted of the the New Year 's Eve 1993 killings of his live-in girlfriend and her two sons . He strongly denies any involvement . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has received more than 8,000 letters from Skinner 's advocates urging a new trial , according to the Innocence Project and Change.org , whose members and supporters have sent the letters through their Web sites . Prosecutors maintain forensic evidence gathered at the scene and witness statements point to Skinner . The Supreme Court had scheduled the appeal for decision Monday . The justices are now expected to again take up the Skinner case later this week , and would decide whether to hear oral arguments on the larger constitutional questions presented . They have no deadline on deciding the matter . The case is Skinner v. Switzer  09-9000  .	The justices turned aside Charles Hood 's challenge of his conviction After the trial his lawyers learned of an affair between the trial judge and the prosecutor Various state courts rejected the assertion the affair cost Hood a fair trial
CNN  -- Fourteen people were missing after a cargo ship sank Monday in Egyptian waters , Red Sea Gov. Majdi Al Qubaisi told Egyptian television . Nine survivors and the bodies of two crew members aboard the Cypriot-flagged Ibn Battuta cargo ship were recovered in separate operations Monday , the Nile TV News Web site said . A rescue boat was headed out to retrieve a 10th survivor . The survivors were "  on their way to the naval base , and preparations had been taken to carry out a medical check as soon as they arrive , " the Web site said , citing an unnamed Egyptian official . The Ibn Battuta 's crew members are of Indian , Pakistani , Bengali , Somali , Iraqi and Sudanese nationalities , Nile TV News said . The Ibn Battuta was carrying 6,500 tons of sand for use in the glass industry and was on its way from the Port of Abu Zenima in Egypt to the United Arab Emirates , the TV station reported . The ship had experienced bad weather in the Red Sea , with low visibility and high waves . The commercial ship Susan K retrieved the two bodies , while the survivors were rescued by the boat Sultan and an aircraft from an Egyptian Search and Rescue team , Nile TV News said . -- CNN 's Caroline Faraj and Yousef Rafayah contributed to this report .	Reports : 14 crew missing after ship capsizes in Egyptian waters 9 survivors , 2 bodies recovered from Cypriot-flagged Ibn Battuta cargo ship Vessel carrying 6,500 tons of sand for use in the glass industry The ship had experienced bad weather in the Red Sea
Minneapolis  CNN  -- It 's hard to find a lot of things in Williston , North Dakota , where thousands of workers have flocked for high-paying oil jobs . Houses and apartments are in short supply , and those living in temporary abodes must wait for hours at run-down truck stops for a hot shower at the end of a long workday . Evan Jensen , 18 , found that out firsthand when he visited the oil boomtown a few months ago to help his brother find work there . The recent high school graduate , who is attending college this fall , knew there was an opportunity to make money in Williston , considered ground zero in the oil boom region known as the Bakken . Lured by the possibility of six-figure salaries , thousands have flocked to the region , leaving nearly everything in short supply . CNNMoney.com : Workers score payday in North Dakota Jensen 's first idea was to create a camper with bunk beds , and rent that . But then he had a better idea . "  While we were there we were getting pretty smelly , " Jensen said . " -LSB- We thought -RSB- ` Man , you ca n't get a shower anywhere . ' So that 's where -LSB- the idea -RSB- really sparked . " Jensen said during peak after-work hours , popular truck stops in the area utilize a number system and people line up for showers . Sometimes the wait can be two or three hours , he said . "  I mean the truck stops -- they 're just nasty , " Jensen said . "  They 're hard to get in and out . You get to certain ones ... and it 's just a zoo . " He said one man told him when he 's "  feeling desperate for a good shower " he 'll drive 60 miles out of the way . He mentioned the idea of a shower house to his dad and , during their nine-hour drive back to their home in South Dakota , they mulled it over . "  By the time we got home I was on the edge of my seat because I was so excited , " he said . A week later , enough time for his parents to realize he was serious and not being a fickle teenager , his folks asked if he was ready . He said he was . Jensen used an old 53-foot semi-trailer from his father and , with the help of his family and friends , spent three weeks outfitting it with five private shower stalls . They also installed a washer and dryer , an office , and bought a separate water tanker . In mid-June , they took the tanker and trailer up to Williston . "  We had a blast doing it , " Jensen said . Gallery : Check out other boomtown opportunists Showers run $ 10 a pop -- $ 5 if you live in the makeshift village of campers where the mobile shower trailer is located . When he first got it up and running , Jensen was manning it from 5 a.m. until 11 p.m. . He soon changed that when he realized 90 % of his customers were coming between the peak after work hours of 4 p.m. and 11 p.m. . These days , the place is staffed by one hired employee , because Jensen is focused on his move to school . So far , they 're averaging between 20 and 25 customers a day , and he said he has probably made more than $ 5,000 -- although it will be awhile before he pays off the start-up costs . Ideally he 'd love to sell the business . He has put an ad on Craigslist.com asking for $ 95,000 "  or best offer . " Classes at McNally-Smith College of Music in St. Paul , Minnesota , start September 6 . Jensen said music has been his "  absolute passion " since he was a kid . He taught himself how to play guitar a few years back . "  I just love creating music . It 's a blast , I could do it forever , " he said , adding that performing his own work is n't necessarily what he 's after . "  I 'd rather make somebody a rock star that has better vocal talent than I do . " Jensen said that while his parents would always be there to assist if he really needed it , the burden of tuition rests squarely on him . He is determined to balance his passion for music with the reality of life . "  Music is what I absolutely love doing , but for anything in life , if it does n't pay the bills you got ta find something that does , " he said .	Evan Jensen , 18 , noticed a lack of showers on a recent visit to Williston , North Dakota Williston is the epicenter of the region 's oil boom Many oil workers have to wait for hours to shower at local truck stops Jensen hopes his shower truck will help him earn money for music college
CNN  -- This is what happens when politics starts looking like a cult : Jeb Bush gets attacked for being a traitor to the conservative cause . The former Florida governor has been speaking with the freedom of someone not running for office , saying that both his father and Ronald Reagan would have had a hard time in today 's hard-right GOP and questioning the wisdom of Grover Norquist 's absolutist anti-tax pledge . That set off a fascinating public fight between Bush and Norquist , two faces of competing factions within Republican Party . It is the latest evidence of a growing GOP backlash against the ideological straitjacket Norquist has attempted to impose on governing in the United States . On one side is a vision of the Republican Party that is committed to reaching out beyond its base with a focus on governing responsibly in the national interest . On the other side is a Republican Party driven by ideological activists and special interests , elevating pledges over principled but pragmatic solutions . The Norquist pledge commits signers to oppose all tax increases on individuals or businesses in any circumstances as well as changing deductions or credits unless they are revenue neutral . This skirmish started when Bush was asked about the pledge : "  I ran for office three times , " he explained . "  The pledge was presented to me three times . I never signed the pledge . I cut taxes every year I was governor . I do n't believe you outsource your principles and convictions to people . " The common-sense statement was regarded as a shot across the bow to Norquist , who quickly went on CNN 's "  The Situation Room With Wolf Blitzer " to push back , saying that Bush had "  stepped in it " and "  really misspoke and insulted Romney " because Mitt Romney had fallen in line and obediently signed the pledge . Escalation occurred this week when Bush said , "  Ronald Reagan would have , based on his record of finding accommodation , finding some degree of common ground , as would my dad -- they would have a hard time if you define the Republican Party -- and I do n't -- as having an orthodoxy that does n't allow for disagreement , does n't allow for finding some common ground . " He added , "  Back to my dad 's time and Ronald Reagan 's time -- they got a lot of stuff done with a lot of bipartisan support , " saying that Reagan "  would be criticized for doing the things that he did . " This statement has the advantage of being both opinion and fact . Reagan achieved his administration 's agenda through cooperation with liberal Democrat Tip O'Neill , the House speaker . There were deep philosophical differences between the two but also a capacity to work together . Both Reagan and Bush -- and for that matter even Barry Goldwater -- would be accused of violating a number of litmus tests currently considered deal-breakers by conservatives . But let 's look closer at one in particular : taxes . Of course , Reagan championed lower tax rates , but he also signed off on a number of smaller tax hikes to help address revenue shortfalls and most importantly backed a bipartisan 1986 bill that closed loopholes as part of a simplification plan that raised revenues to help deal with the deficit . This inconvenient fact is often denied by Norquist and other activists because it is their prime objection to attempts to find a "  grand bargain " on deficits and debt , along the lines of the recommendations of the Bowles-Simpson commission . In pursuit of a reality check , take a look at this quote : "  We 're going to close the unproductive tax loopholes that have allowed some of the truly wealthy to avoid paying their fair share . In theory , some of those loopholes were understandable , but in practice they sometimes made it possible for millionaires to pay nothing , while a bus driver was paying 10 % of his salary , and that 's crazy . It 's time we stopped it . " That might sound straight out of President Barack Obama "  Buffett Tax " playbook -- which conservatives routinely attack as "  class warfare " -- but in fact it is the sainted Reagan speaking in 1985 . Add to that the fact that the first President Bush backed a bipartisan deficit reduction plan that included a 2-to-1 spending cut to tax revenue formula and you have the kind of data that drives Norquist nuts . Here was his response to Jeb Bush on this front : "  There 's a guy who watched his father throw away his presidency on a 2:1  ratio of spending cuts to tax increases  promise . ... And he thinks he 's sophisticated by saying that he 'd take a 10:1 promise . He does n't understand -- he 's just agreed to walk down the same alley his dad did with the same gang . And he thinks he 's smart . You walk down that alley , you do n't come out . " The angry defensiveness of the statement , the thinly veiled threats and thuggish imagery , has all the signs of someone who worries that he might be losing a rational argument . As it turns out , Norquist has reason to be concerned . It 's not just Jeb Bush . A growing number of Republicans are rejecting his pledge . Oklahoma conservative Sen. Tom Coburn called the pledge 's effective veto of deficit reduction plans "  ridiculous " when talking with Erin Burnett on "  OutFront . " Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina on Tuesday declared his independence from the pledge , saying , "  We 're so far in debt , that if you do n't give up some ideological ground , the country sinks . " Add to those voices seven other Republican U.S. senators -- from Maine 's Susan Collins to Iowa 's Chuck Grassley to Wyoming 's John Barrasso -- and 11 Republican House members , ranging from centrist New Yorker Richard Hanna to tea party Floridian Allen West . The bottom line is that a growing number of Republicans are deciding to throw off the ideological straitjacket to get serious about actually reducing the deficit and the debt . It is a courageous move at a time when cultlike group-think dictates that the pledge must be signed or your political career is dead in the water . The choice between Bush 's and Norquist 's vision of the Republican Party is ultimately no contest at all . It 's the difference between responsible governance and agitated activism , a growing party or a shrinking one . And of course in the end the only pledge that really matters is the Pledge of Allegiance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	It 's a bad sign for GOP when Jeb Bush 's conservative allegiance questioned , John Avlon says Avlon says Bush was right to repudiate Grover Norquist 's anti-tax pledge Ronald Reagan was willing to accept some tax increases to achieve compromise , he says Avlon : In the battle between Bush and Norquist , the smart choice is to back Bush 's view
Days after refusing to rule out recommending U.S. combat troops in Iraq , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff made an unexpected trip Saturday to the turbulent Middle Eastern nation to talk with officials there about combating ISIS , an official said . Gen. Martin Dempsey traveled to Iraq "  to confer  with  Iraqi political and security officials on next phase of the campaign to defeat  ISIS  , " according to a tweet from Brett McGurk , a U.S. diplomat focused on ISIS as well as Iran and Iraq . Pentagon spokesman Jim Gregory added that Dempsey met with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi , as well as U.S. Ambassador Stuart Jones and U.S. troops and commanders in the country . Iraqi PM : U.S.-led campaign welcome if ` they do it right ' "  The primary purpose of his visit is to get a firsthand look at the situation in Iraq , receive briefings , and get better sense of how the campaign is progressing , " said Gregory . During the meeting between Dempsey and al-Abadi , the two discussed what to do about ISIS , America 's support for Iraq 's armed forces , as well as progress made by Iraqi forces , according to a statement from the Prime Minister 's office . The troops ' victories are part of a strategic plan for liberating all Iraqi territory , and it will be achieved , al-Abadi said . After his Baghdad stop , Dempsey moved north to Irbil , the capital of Iraq 's Kurdish region and home to U.S. military advisers and consular personnel . The Joint Chiefs chairman met there with Massoud Barzani , the President of the semi-autonomous region , according to Gregory . Until recently , the Kurdish region had been the most stable in Iraq and a cooperative ally of the United States . But it came under an onslaught earlier this year from ISIS , one that -- so far , at least -- it has been able to withstand . Dempsey 's entire trip , which was n't announced beforehand , is the first since the U.S. military earlier this year launched Operation Inherent Resolve . That 's what Washington is calling its military campaign against ISIS , which consists largely of U.S.-led airstrikes against the terrorist group as well as support for the Iraqi military . Christopher Harmer , an analyst with the Institute for the Study of War , said Saturday that it 's very important for U.S. military leaders such as Dempsey to get away from Washington and see for themselves how this fight is going . "  I think what General Dempsey is doing here is sending a message both to the U.S. troops that he understands what 's happening , that he wants to get firsthand knowledge of what 's happening , " Harmer said . "  And  he is  also sending a message to our allies , the Iraqi government , that he 's taking this seriously and that we 're committed to an ultimate victory on their behalf . " Dempsey has been one of President Barack Obama administration 's leading voices on the situation in Iraq , where ISIS -- which calls itself the Islamic State -- has taken over wide swaths of territory , reportedly terrorizing citizens in the process . Obama has made going after ISIS a top priority in recent months , including expanding coalition airstrikes against the Islamist extremist group into neighboring Syria . Yet he has insisted that American combat troops wo n't play a role in Syria or in Iraq , though military advisers have recently been sent to Iraq . Yet in testimony Thursday to the House Armed Services Committee , Dempsey said he would not rule out asking the President to send U.S. ground troops into Iraq . He told the committee that he could envision scenarios in which a U.S. ground contingent would be necessary there , particularly if the coalition moves to retake Mosul or the western border with Syria . "  I 'm not predicting at this point that I would recommend that those forces in Mosul and along the border would need to be accompanied by U.S. forces , " cautioned Dempsey , "  but we 're certainly considering it . " General leaves door open for U.S. ground troops	Dempsey visits Kurdish President in Irbil in northern Iraq after his Baghdad stop General meets with Iraq 's prime minister , the U.S. ambassador and American troops The visit came after Dempsey would n't say he would n't seek U.S. combat troops Analyst : Dempsey likely sending a message to Iraq that U.S. is taking ISIS fight seriously
Just months after President Obama was described by his own advisers as a "  bear " on the loose , there are few midterm sightings of the man once dubbed the "  campaigner in chief " by his Republican adversaries . The President has spent much of the 2014 cycle behind closed doors , either cloistered inside the White House cocoon dealing with a seemingly endless series of crises and scandals , or at private fundraisers , urging donors to write checks to top Democratic Party campaign and political action committees . Tough road for Democrats to keep the Senate That political calendar will evolve somewhat as Election Day draws near , a White House official told CNN . For starters , the President will appear at events with Democratic candidates in the coming weeks , the official said . Obama will make the argument for policies aimed at middle class voters , just as he did in last week 's speech on the economy in Chicago . "  The President has already succeeded in making a pretty aggressive case about why that 's important for the country , and I would anticipate that in the context of the upcoming elections you 'll hear the President make that case again , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest said . Carter criticizes Obama on ISIS : ` We waited too long ' Even though the White House is not quite ready to announce Obama 's upcoming campaign stops , there are a few states that can be crossed off the map . Races in Louisiana , Arkansas , Alaska , where incumbent Democratic senators face uphill battles to win reelection , remain at the top of the Obama no-go list . "  There are definitely deeply red states in play this cycle where it wo n't make sense to send the President , " a White House official said . Democratic senator ca n't judge Obama 's Ebola handling So far , Obama is also avoiding crucial Senate races in states where he won decisive victories in the past . The White House has yet to signal any plans to send the President to Iowa , a critical battleground he captured twice : in 2008 and 2012 . Instead , first lady Michelle Obama will travel to Iowa Friday to appear with Democratic congressman Bruce Braley , who remains locked in a close race with state Sen. Joni Ernst for the seat vacated by liberal stalwart Tom Harkin . "  We defer to the campaigns who know their states best how to win , " a White House official said . Can lame ducks fly ? Advice for Obama on his last two years Another sign of Obama 's drag on his party 's midterm hopes can be found in North Carolina , a critical Obama victory in 2008 that he and his party failed to translate into a more lasting Democratic incursion into southern red states in the years that followed . Despite North Carolina 's potentially strong base of Democratic support from African-Americans and countless college-aged voters , Obama has become a major obstacle for the state 's endangered incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan . Her opponent , state House Speaker Tom Tillis , repeatedly tried to link Hagan to the President during a debate Tuesday in the state 's prosperous Research Triangle area . "  I think it 's fair to make this election about his policies , " Tillis said in the debate . Bill Clinton plays savior for Arkansas Democrats That remark was a reminder of a comment made by Obama at a speech on the economy last week in Chicago : "  These policies are on the ballot -- every single one of them , " the President said . His long-time adviser , David Axelrod , called that part of the speech a "  mistake . " Michael Steel , a spokesman for U.S. House Speaker John Boehner and a midterm strategist for the North Carolina Republican Party , described the Obama factor as "  huge " in Tuesday 's debate . "  Her worst moments in the debate were when she refused to distance herself from the President , " Steel said of Hagan . Poll : In North Carolina Senate race , libertarian could be spoiler A key Democratic Party operative , who asked to speak on condition of anonymity , said inserting Obama into crucial campaign contests carries some risk . Not only does the President 's unpopularity drive up enthusiasm among conservatives , the strategist said . It may encourage some moderate Democrats to stay home . "  Even Obama supporters , they 're disappointed in him , " the strategist said . "  We ca n't find a way to motivate them . " The first lady , Vice President Joe Biden , and Bill and Hillary Clinton are seen as better alternatives . Will same-sex marriage become a 2014 issue ? Even though Biden has spent the last several days calling leaders in the Middle East to clarify his comments that appeared to suggest Arab nations were partly responsible for the rise of ISIS , the vice president appears to be in demand among Democrats . "  So what if he f *** ed up ? " one Democratic strategist said , noting the party 's base is attracted to the vice president 's "  Uncle Joe " shoot-from-the-lip style . Biden just wrapped up an event on Tuesday with Amanda Renteria , a congressional candidate in California . He is scheduled to appear with Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley of Oregon on Wednesday . Six times Joe Biden aimed for the truth and caused a headache The one campaign setting where the president appears to thrive are fundraisers . A White House official provided a list of approximately 50 fundraisers where Obama has spoken to Democratic donors this year . His events this week in New York , Connecticut , Washington and Chicago generated between $ 2-3 million , Democratic sources said .	President Obama is set to hit the trail for Democratic candidates The 2014 midterm elections take place in less than four weeks He wo n't be going to some deeply red states , an official says He has largely been off the trail because of his low job approval numbers
CNN  -- Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa on Saturday defended his country 's decision to grant WikiLeaks ' founder Julian Assange asylum , slamming Great Britain 's behavior toward Ecuador as "  intolerable " and "  unacceptable . " Assange is currently holed up inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London . Ecuador offered him asylum this week , but British authorities have said they are committed to extraditing him to Sweden , where Assange is wanted to face questioning over claims of rape and sexual molestation . The situation remains at a standoff . Assange demands U.S. end WikiLeaks ` witch hunt ' "  Who do they think they 're dealing with ? " Correa asked rhetorically of Great Britain during his weekly address . "  They do n't realize Latin America is free and sovereign . We wo n't tolerate interference , colonialism of any kind . " The president said Ecuador had sought but did not receive guarantees that Assange would not be extradited to a third country . Assange , an Australian national , and his supporters claim a U.S. grand jury has been empaneled to consider charges against him . They fear if he is extradited to Sweden , he could be sent next to the United States . Assange was arrested in Britain in 2010 because Swedish authorities wanted to question him about the allegations . Two women accused him of sexually assaulting them during an August 2010 visit to Sweden in connection with a WikiLeaks release of internal U.S. military documents . Assange denies the allegations and argues they are in retribution for his organization 's disclosure of American secrets . Publicly silent since last March , Assange is expected to speak at 2 p.m. Sunday -- two months to the day since he sought asylum -- according to WikiLeaks ' official Twitter feed . Also Sunday , foreign ministers from member states of the Union of South American Nations will convene in Guayaquil , Ecuador , to discuss the asylum situation . Assange sought refuge at the embassy five days after the Supreme Court in Britain dismissed his bid to reopen his appeal of the decision to send him to Sweden , his last option in British courts . He is subject to arrest for breaking the terms of his bail , which required that he spend his nights at the home of a supporter outside London , police said the day after he entered the embassy . Assange and diplomatic asylum : A primer Standoff at embassy , after Ecuador grants asylum Opinion : Assange 's stubborn grip hurt WikiLeaks Why Assange needs Ecuador and why Ecuador needs Assange	Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa says Great Britain 's behavior is "  unacceptable " "  They do n't realize Latin America is free and sovereign , " he says Julian Assange has been holed up inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June Ecuador granted asylum to Assange , but the U.K. does not recognize it
CNN  -- As our nation salutes the men and women who risked their lives for our country , CNN iReporters share the innovative ways they made a positive impact on veterans ' lives . iReporter Roger J. Stavitz decided to give back to the VA clinic in Lincoln , Maine , that he credits with saving his life from post-traumatic stress disorder and diabetes . This Vietnam vet got his hands dirty in the grounds surrounding the new VA building , planting $ 500 worth of flowers to bring some color and fragrance to his brothers in arms . This small change made a major transformation in not only the austere building , but also Stavitz himself . "  The trip is 90 miles , round trip , but it is worth it for my own therapy , " Stavitz said . "  It pleased the veterans , it pleased the staff , and veterans would stop to talk to me about what I was doing . " Those chats about shared experiences became an important part of their healing process . Stavitz recently visited his flowers , marveling that they were still alive at this time of year in Maine . "  They looked like old friends , " Stavitz said , "  the gift that keeps on giving . " He admits his gift may be small , but believes it is not insignificant . He hopes that people find one thing that makes them smile , like planting flowers does for him , and think about how that small act can help themselves as well as those who have given so much to our country . Watch Roger 's beautifying efforts , on CNN iReport . For Debbi Fisher , it all started because of Root Beer , her late husband 's horse . "  He needed a job ! " laughs Fisher , who founded the Rainier Therapeutic Riding Program in Washington state . The program , near the Joint Base Lewis-McChord , is the Northwest 's first branch of the NARHA Horses for Heroes program . In this program , healing occurs on horseback . The horses ' mission is to help injured soldiers overcome the difficulties of returning home after battle , especially physical and mental disabilities . Each soldier is paired with a horse and a lead volunteer for an eight-week program , completely free of charge . "  We teach them to understand how the horse thinks , " Fisher said , "  to use the thinking side of the brain instead of the reactive one . And all of a sudden a light bulb goes off , and the soldiers think , ' I can apply this , too . ' " By developing a close relationship with their horse during their time at Rainier , soldiers learn to trust again in a way that is difficult for them to do with people . "  I ca n't say enough good things about the program , " Fisher said . "  My heart has always been there , and they have done so much for our country ... This really helps them get back to society . " For Fisher , who has a son in Afghanistan and a daughter in the Air Force , it is a personal joy for her to make this difference . See work being done at the Rainier Therapeutic Riding Program , on CNN iReport . Dentist Michael Teitelbaum was looking for a way to help his young patients avoid cavities , when he came up with a campaign that would also benefit our soldiers ' sweet tooth . After every Halloween he offers a candy buyback , where candy-sharing children receive a dollar coin for every pound of candy they bring in for overseas troops . This November , he has already received about 200 pounds of candy . In eight years of Teitelbaum 's candy buyback program , he has collected over 2,000 pounds . Teitelbaum chuckled when considering the children 's surprising generosity . "  The kids that are quick to give up their candy have the Halloween bags that have been clearly picked clean of their favorite treats , " Teitelbaum said . He helps those children struggling to give up their Halloween haul with a certificate of patriotism , a picture , and of course , the dollar coins . The soldiers , Teitelbaum said , give away much of the candy to the children in Iraq and Afghanistan , who have never tasted American sweets . But he has also received letters that the troops devour a lot of it themselves , and want more . "  Over there they really do n't get to celebrate Halloween or other holidays , " Teitelbaum said , "  so it gives them a little taste of home . " See the candy donations pile up , on CNN iReport . Have you helped make a positive impact for our Veterans ? Share your story with iReport and Impact Your World .	iReporters share innovative ideas they 've used for the benefit of veterans and troops Roger J. Stavitz 's garden made a visible and personal impact for Maine veterans Debbi Fisher applies horse sense to therapy for combat veterans Michael Teitelbaum , dentist by day , is Candyman to troops overseas
CNN  -- Back in his native South Korea , the Korean Foreign Ministry nicknamed him "  Ban-chusa , " meaning "  the Bureaucrat " or "  the administrative clerk . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has focused on global warming policy by world governments . While Ban Ki-moon was known for his attention to detail and administrative skill , he was also seen by some as lacking in charisma and subservient to his superiors , while the Korean press called him "  the slippery eel " for his ability to dodge questions . But on October 13 , 2006 , South Korea 's Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon was elected to be the eighth Secretary-General by the United Nations General Assembly . Following up on a campaign aiming to bring out his charismatic side , Ban surprised the audience of a UN Correspondents ' dinner that December by singing "  Ban Ki-moon is coming to town " on the melody of "  Santa Claus Is Coming to Town . " Ban was born on 13 June 1944 . He received a bachelor 's degree in international relations from Seoul National University in 1970 , and a master 's degree in public administration from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1985 . He and his wife , Yoo  Ban  Soon-taek , whom he met in high school in 1962 , have one son and two daughters . In addition to Korean , Ban speaks fluent English and is studying French . Ban was the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of the Republic of Korea from January 2004 to November 2006 . His tenure included postings in New Delhi , Washington D.C. and Vienna , while he was responsible for a variety of portfolios such as Foreign Policy Advisor to the President , Chief National Security Adviser to the President , Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and Director-General of American Affairs . Throughout this service , his guiding vision was that of a peaceful Korean peninsula , playing an expanding role for peace and prosperity in the region and the wider world . Ban had long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relations . In 1992 , as Special Advisor to the Foreign Minister , he served as Vice Chair of the South-North Joint Nuclear Control Commission following the adoption of the historic Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . In September 2005 , as Foreign Minister , he played a leading role in bringing about another landmark agreement aimed at promoting peace and stability on the Korean peninsula with the adoption at the Six Party Talks of the Joint Statement on resolving the North Korean nuclear issue . In January 2007 Ban succeeded Kofi Annan and has since pushed the Sudanese government to allow peacekeeping troops in Darfur and focused on global warming policy by world governments .	Ban Ki-moon elected eighth U.N. Secretary-General in October 2006 Ban has pushed Sudan on peacekeepers in Darfur and focused on climate change Ban was Ban was South Korea 's Foreign Minister from Jan. 2004 to Nov. 2006 He has long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relations
CNN  -- Nearly two weeks after the biggest wildfire in Arizona history swept through their community and obliterated dozens of homes , barns , sheds and one truck , residents of the tiny town of Greer are back in their homes . Greer residents were ordered to evacuate on June 6 , two days before the Wallow Fire blew through their town of about 200 inhabitants and scorched at least 22 homes and 24 outbuildings . Residents with proper identification were allowed to return Monday . Greer will be open to non-residents Tuesday , according to the Southwest Incident Management Team , which is leading the effort to battle the blaze . The lifting of the evacuation order comes as firefighters increasingly gain the upper hand on the blaze , which has torched more than a half-million acres in eastern Arizona . Firefighters announced late Monday that the blaze is now 56 % contained . Meanwhile , weather conditions are expected to improve with calmer winds and higher humidity levels Tuesday , making it easier for crews to battle other active wildfires burning across the state . Over the weekend and on Monday , the flames appeared to outpace firefighters ' efforts in some areas . That includes the Monument Fire in southern Arizona , which U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell has deemed the nation 's No. 1 priority . Winds in the southern part of the state on Tuesday will be blowing between 5 mph and 10 mph , considerably slower than the 30-plus mph winds that hampered firefighting efforts over the weekend , the National Weather Service forecast . Nationwide , wildfires have burned almost as many acres in the first half of 2011 as were recorded by the National Interagency Fire Center for all of last year . The agency website reports 3.1 million acres in the United States had been ignited by wildfires as of May 31 , compared with 3.2 million burned acres cited in the organization 's year-end report in November 2010 . CNN 's Ed Payne and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Authorities allow residents of Greer , Arizona , to return to their homes Weather conditions expected to improve Tuesday Winds will lessen , humidity will increase as the week goes on Acres destroyed by wildfires so far in 2011 near U.S. total for 2010
CNN  -- Barcelona are desperate to call on the services of Lionel Messi and Zlatan Ibrahimovic for Tuesday 's vital Champions League group showdown with Inter Milan in the Camp Nou . Barcelona must avoid defeat which could see them make a sensational exit if Russian surprise package Rubin Kazan beat Dynamo Kiev in the other match in Group F . The defending champions have been sweating on leading scorers Messi and Ibrahimovic , who both have thigh injuries . "  Messi has an injury in the abductor muscle of his left thigh , " read a club statement . "  We do not discard his presence in Tuesday 's game . "  As for Ibrahimovic , there has been an improvement with regards to his thigh injury but we will have to monitor the situation . " Barcelona have been in indifferent recent form and a 1-1 draw at Athletic Bilbao on Saturday saw them drop behind arch-rivals Real Madrid at the top of the Spanish La Liga . Barca will certainly want the key pair to be fit for next Sunday 's El Clasico against Real , but first comes a European test against Jose Mourinho 's Italian league-leaders . "  We know what we have to do , " said Barca captain Carles Puyol . "  We have the same ambitions but we know Barca v Inter is a final and we will face the game as such . "  I do n't like the word failure but not to qualify for the next round would be a huge blow , " he added . "  This game will be a test of character for my players , " Mourinho told reporters after his side 's 3-1 win over Bologna on Saturday . They will also welcome back Wesley Sneijder , who has recovered from an ankle injury and will field Samuel Eto'o in attack as he returns to the Camp Nou for the first time since his close season transfer switch between the European powerhouses .	Barcelona sweating on fitness of Liionel Messi and Zlatan Ibrahimovic Barcelona 's leading scorers doubtful for match against Inter at Nou Camp Defeat to Jose Mourinho 's men could see Barcelona eliminated
Mashable  -- We already knew about YouTube 's redesign , which tech-savvy readers have been enabling for the past 10 days . As of now , however , the new YouTube is available to everyone . Unlike parent company Google , which tends to roll out redesigns over a period of days , YouTube pressed the button and switched the homepage for every user worldwide at 4:30 p.m. ET Thursday . So what 's the change all about ? One word : channels . The world 's most popular online video service now sees itself as a descendent of cable TV , with millions of channels rather than hundreds -- and it 's doing its darndest to encourage you to use it that way . The first new thing you 'll see is an "  add channels " button in the top left-hand corner of the page . Under that you 'll find your top 10 favorite channels , which you can "  pin " to the top of the page . "  The future of the YouTube experience has channels at the center of it , " says Margaret Stewart , director of User Experience at YouTube 's headquarters in San Bruno , California . "  It 's a container for all the world 's video , and it needs to be the best home for that . " YouTube is also tweaking the colors of its logo and adding a soft gray background to the videos . In a sign that the service is becoming more integrated with its parent company -- and that more employees are going back and forth between San Bruno and the Googleplex in Mountain View -- Stewart says the redesign includes "  subtle alignments with Google 's visual style . " Part of that process , naturally , includes integration with the Google + social network . But YouTube is also making it easier to post videos on Facebook and Twitter , too . And the channel change also came to YouTube apps on platforms other than the web . For example , it just became a lot easier to access YouTube channels on your Xbox . There are four new channel templates that content creators can use , including one template designed for networks  with prominent featured content  and one for bloggers  with the most recent content first  . Executives and designers at the company emphasize that this just the beginning of the redesign ; more channel-focused changes and channel templates are coming soon . Read up on the new YouTube user manual , and let us know in the comments : Has the strategy worked ? Will this make you use YouTube channels more ? © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	YouTube switched its homepage for every user worldwide on Thursday The popular online video service now sees itself as a descendent of cable TV YouTube is also making it easier to post videos on Facebook and Twitter YouTube says more redesigns are coming
CNN  -- The French Senate voted late Monday to criminalize any public denial of what new legislation calls the Ottoman Empire 's genocide of Armenians , triggering fresh condemnation from modern Turkey . Relations between France and Turkey have already deteriorated since the National Assembly -- the lower house of the French parliament -- voted to approve the bill in December . The Turkish government called Monday 's vote "  an example of irresponsibility " and vowed to "  express our reaction against it in every platform . " It is already illegal in France to deny the Holocaust of World War II , a crime punishable by a year in prison and a fine of 45,000 euros  $ 58,500  . The same punishment would be used under the Armenian legislation . Monday night 's 127-86 vote sends the legislation to French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who has indicated he would sign it . Armenia 's government hailed the vote , saying France "  reaffirmed its pivotal role as a genuine defender of universal human values . " But Turkey , one of France 's NATO allies , called it "  an entirely unfortunate step for French politics . " "  Politicization of the understanding of justice and history through other people 's past and damaging freedom of expression in a tactless manner are first and foremost a loss for France , " it in a statement on the vote . "  It is obvious that the interpretation of historical events can not be determined by the attitude of French politicians who see in themselves the right to judge other nations on the basis of one-sided views and declare a judgment on a serious allegation of crime such as genocide , thereby ignoring the principles of international law . " The statement added , "  Turkey is determined to take every step required against this unjust action , which disregards basic human values and public conscience . " The Turkish-Armenian controversy over the killings that took place last century has reverberated wherever diaspora communities representing both groups exist . Armenian groups and many scholars argue that Turks committed genocide starting in 1915 , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , saying hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Turkish Muslims died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. Before the vote , Sen. Herve Marseille , one of the bill 's supporters , argued that since France already recognizes the Ottoman-era killings as genocide , the same standard that applies to Holocaust denial should apply to the Armenian case . "  When we contest the Jewish genocide , we can be punished , " Marseille said . "  And up until now , when we contest the Armenian genocide , there is no punishment . So we ca n't have a legal punishment for one and not for the other . Everyone is equal in front of the law . " But Sen. Jacques MÃ © zard , who opposed the legislation , said freedom of expression was at stake . "  It calls into question historical and scientific research . Tomorrow will there be a question of a VendÃ © e genocide ? " he asked , referring to a revolt against the French revolutionary government in 1793 . "  Will we put the Spanish and the United States in the stocks for the massacre of Native Americans ? We must reject this text and consign it to history books . " After December 's vote in the National Assembly , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused France of committing its own "  genocide " during its war against Algerian independence in the 1950s and 1960s . Erdogan announced that Turkey was reviewing its ties with France . Ankara recalled its ambassador to Paris for consultations , canceled bilateral visits and would n't cooperate with France in joint projects within the European Union . The French Foreign Ministry shot back at Erdogan 's comments , saying France "  assumes with clarity and transparency its duty to remember the tragedies that have marked its history . " And Sarkozy has said that his country does n't need an OK from another nation to develop its policies . In addition to being NATO allies , Turkey and France have trade ties valued at $ 13.5 billion , according to Turkish statistics . The genocide debate is also a source of tension between Turkey and the United States , another NATO ally . The White House , for example , annually beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution that would formally recognize the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide .	NEW : Turkey calls the vote "  first and foremost a loss for France " Armenia praises the vote and thanks the French The French Senate approved the controversial legislation 127-86 Turkey expressed anger over the bill when it passed the National Assembly in December
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- At the lavish opening of Volkswagen 's latest plant in Mexico , the company 's boss and Mexico 's new president join hands to push a button . A vast sheet drops to reveal a gleaming assembly line for engines -- surrounded by newly hired VW employees waving Mexican flags . It 's an obviously symbolic moment : Mexico relies heavily on multinational car firms to power an important sector of its economy . The country is currently the fourth largest auto exporter in the world . "  Mexico is our main product delivery hub for the USA , " VW CEO Martin Winterkorn tells CNN . "  In this regard Mexico plays a very important role -- specifically for the US market for which we want to produce and sell one million vehicles by 2018 . " The United States has become a vital market for VW : Sales jumped 26 % in 2012 and they expect further growth this year , which helps to offset a decline in Europe . This week , Germany -- the economic engine on which the eurozone has come to depend -- reported its economy shrank in the last quarter . CNNMoney : European car demand near 20-year low "  We do not expect Germany to sustain a heavy drop in GDP . We expect slight growth and stabilization in the automobile market , " says Winterkorn . "  What concerns us is Southern Europe . We do n't see any growth there , but we are hopeful that there will be light at the end of the tunnel perhaps in 2014/15 . " The former physicist has a reputation for meticulous attention to detail and is focusing on making VW the biggest carmaker in the world by 2018 . The company just announced record global sales . Whether his greatest ambition can be achieved may partly depend on the biggest prize of all : China "  We expect an overall market growth of 8 % in China , " he says "  We have invested and will bring new plants online in China . We think that we 'll grow . "	VW CEO Martin Winterkorn tells CNN Mexico is key in carmaker 's North American growth Volkswagen aims to become the biggest carmaker in the world by 2018 Sales in the U.S. jumped 26 % in 2012 , helping to offset weaker European sales Winterkorn : In 2013 "  we expect an overall market growth of 8 % in China "
CNN  -- Republicans are consoling themselves with the claim that President Barack Obama did n't win a mandate Tuesday night , even if he did renew his White House lease for another four years . They are fooling themselves , however , if they think the 2012 election merely ratified the political status quo . More than just a personal victory for Obama , the outcome was an unmistakable defeat for GOP ideology . Disgruntled conservatives , of course , are already dressing Mitt Romney for the part of fall guy . But this is the politics of evasion . Sooner or later , GOP realists will have to reappraise the party 's message rather than shoot its messenger . That message was a call for rolling back government . Intoxicated by a potent brew of resurgent libertarian dogma and intense personal animus toward Obama , Republicans vowed to undo his major achievements : health care reform , new rules for financial markets , the regulation of carbon emissions , higher fuel economy standards for autos , and so on . Conservatives also railed against an alleged epidemic of dependency on government ; called for deep spending cuts  but no tax hikes  to reduce public deficits ; threatened to roll back women 's reproductive rights ; and took extreme positions on tax , immigration and energy issues that seemed calculated to thwart bipartisan compromise . Such tea party radicalism seemed to work in 2010 , amid acute public dissatisfaction with the slow pace of economic recovery . But a different electorate -- larger , more moderate and more Democratic -- rejected the conservative vision this time . In effect , the pragmatic center reasserted itself on Tuesday . According to exit polls , a plurality of voters , 41 % , were moderates , and they favored Obama by 15 points . In general , voters viewed Obama as more for the middle class and Republicans as tilting toward the interests of the rich . They did not accept Romney 's claims that Obama has been an incompetent economic manager ; nearly half the voters instead blamed the weak economy on his predecessor . Opinion : Obama 's critics , repudiated at last And for all the GOP 's ceaseless demonization of Obamacare , the issue seemed to work in the president 's favor . Exit polls say health care registered as the voters ' second most important concern  albeit a distant second to the economy and jobs  . Obama won massively among these voters , which suggests that Republican promises to kill health care reform may have backfired by spurring greater intensity among its advocates . Some Republicans point hopefully to the fact that the election barely changed the existing composition of political forces in Washington . That 's true , but this was an election they could have won . With stubbornly high unemployment and the president 's low approval ratings  often below the previously supposed "  ca n't win " threshold of 50 %  , the Republicans had objective reality on their side . Instead , they blew it by indulging in pathological partisanship and ideological hubris . The big question now is whether Republicans will accept the lessons of their defeat or take refuge in the usual alibis . The biggest lesson , of course , is they lost because they picked the wrong candidate -- a Massachusetts moderate who did n't given the country a clear choice between undiluted conservatism and Obama 's alleged ultra-liberalism . This electoral math is no better than Romney 's budget math . America may list slightly to the center-right , but no party can cede the center and win . What Republicans really need is an analogue to the New Democrat movement of the 1990s -- a determined effort by moderates and pragmatists to reassert control over their party 's agenda and electoral strategies . Whether they realize that is another matter : Democrats had to lose four out of five presidential elections between 1968 and 1992 before finally accepting that their message could no longer command electoral majorities . Opinion : Obama will get little time to celebrate Republicans do n't have that luxury . Tuesday 's results made it blindingly obvious that the GOP 's political strategy of relying almost exclusively on white voters already has reached a dead end . As expected , white turnout was 72 % , according to exit polls , two points down from 2008 , and is projected to be two points lower in 2016 . The GOP 's bet on a kind of white identity politics -- which dates back to Ronald Reagan 's successful 1966 run for governor in California and was ruthlessly perfected by Richard Nixon in 1972 -- is played out . Meanwhile , what the National Journal 's Ronald Brownstein calls the Democrats ' "  coalition of the ascendant " is growing by about the same amount every four years . This coalition includes minorities , young voters and women  especially single women  , along with highly educated white professionals . As they pore over election returns , expect GOP strategists to look especially ruefully at Latino voters . Obama won them by 71 % to 27 % , according to exit polls , improving on his 2008 performance . Assuming that Latinos would focus mainly on their economic struggles and ignore the GOP 's harshly anti-immigrant stance , proved to be a major miscalculation . A conservative governing philosophy centered on exploiting white voters ' sense of cultural dispossession is a formula for political marginalization , if not demographic suicide . Any honest post-mortem of the 2012 election should lead Republican strategists to this inescapable conclusion : It 's the ideology , stupid . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Marshall .	Obama 's re-election was an unmistakable defeat for GOP ideology , says Will Marshall Tea party radicalism seemed to work in 2010 , but not this time , he says According to exit polls , a plurality of voters were moderates , says Marshall The GOP strategy of relying on white voters has reached a dead end , he says
Moscow  CNN  Joy Womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre , kicking her legs up to her head , jumping and spinning across the room . After class , she eats boiled sweets , one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy . The dancer , raised in California and Texas , left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia six years ago , aged 15 , speaking no Russian . She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted from the school into the company . But in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed Boshoi official to pay $ 10,000 to dance in even small roles . The Bolshoi still stands by comments made at the time by its general director , Vladimir Urin . He asked the dancer to make an official complaint and defend her position legally , saying the theatre was ready to assist the law enforcement agencies to investigate the case and that "  if the facts are legally established , those responsible should be punished accordingly . " The dancer did not pursue a case against the Bolshoi . When she left the Bolshoi in 2013 , Womack joined the Kremlin Ballet Theatre where she still works , aged 20 , as a principal ballerina ; dancing close to the Russian president 's office , next to the cathedrals inside the red walls of the Kremlin . The surroundings may be opulent but her pay packet is not : for her role as a principal dancer Womack says she is paid around $ 240 a month -- which works out at around $ 8 a day . The dancer says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the Russian ruble has weakened -- the currency has suffered , in part , from a low oil price and international sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Crimea last year . Womack says a friend helps her with accommodation and she says she has to make the money stretch in order to buy food . "  For anyone paid a salary in rubles , especially since the crisis , it is extremely difficult . You have to decide what is worth more for you - experience or financial stability . I 'm at a point in my life where experience is worth more . " Sitting in the wings of the stage , chatting in Russian to the other dancers and stretching before her rehearsal for Swan Lake , she says she has to make the $ 185 in her bank account last for the next few weeks . To earn extra money she dances bigger roles or takes part in events abroad . The Kremlin Ballet Theatre says Womack 's salary corresponds to her job title as a principal dancer and that , "  on average , the salary -LSB- principal -RSB- dancers are paid is significantly higher " than $ 240 a month but that Womack could have been paid that equivalent in dollars "  depending on the exchange rate on the day and depending on how much she danced in productions the previous month . " As an American , Womack says she is paid the same as her contemporaries and is treated just like the Russians . But she says that is not always the case offstage . "  It 's extremely difficult to watch the deteriorating relationships between the United States and Russia . The great thing about working for a Russian company is that we are focused on creating art but ... outside the ballet world it is difficult for foreigners ; the general tendency tends to be more nationalistic and they unfortunately judge foreigners by their cover . " Although relations between the U.S. and Russia have taken a nosedive since Russia 's annexation of Crimea last March , Womack says she is "  very loyal " to the Kremlin Ballet Theatre . "  I love the Russian system and I 'm very patriotic in that sense , " she says . And despite the political situation -- and the money -- she says , "  Russia has a lot to offer , it is a beautiful place that creates stars and that itself is worth investing one 's career in .	20-year-old American dancer makes $ 240 a month at Kremlin Ballet Theatre Joy Womack studied at Bolshoi Ballet Academy but left in cloud of controversy
More "  Breaking Bad " yo ? The series star Bryan Cranston seemed to drop a major hint in an interview with CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield Thursday . Asked by Banfield if his character , Walter White , died or not , Cranston said , "  Hey , you never saw bags zip up or anything . Or say ... you know . " He left the rest up to viewers ' imaginations . In response to questions about whether the character could show up in a movie or anywhere else ever again , Cranston said : "  Never say never . " Whoa . He may have been teasing , but that remark revived hopes for countless fans who still are mourning the loss of the character and the acclaimed series . The show literally went out with a bang in September 2013 and there was even a mock funeral held for the character in Albuquerque , New Mexico , where the series was set and filmed . Cranston has remained busy since the series ended , most recently starring in the summer film "  Godzilla . " And AMC has announced that "  Breaking Bad " fans can look forward to a new series , "  Better Call Saul , " which will be a spinoff featuring criminal lawyer Saul Goodman . What say you diehard fans ? Do you think Cranston was kidding or not ?	Cranston told CNN he does n't know if his character died "  Never say never " he said about bringing White back AMC has a spinoff planned
CNN  -- Last week , presidential candidate Mitt Romney said that if he were elected president , he would stop funding the Public Broadcasting System . As the stewards of the Reading Rainbow brand , as parents , as products of families that relied on PBS to provide educational support , we ca n't stay silent about this . It is an attack not just on PBS , but on America 's children . LeVar Burton has spent most of his life as an education advocate , hosting PBS 's "  Reading Rainbow " for 26 years , testifying before Congress on the importance of education and of public broadcasting , and as a national speaker , promoting literacy . And Mark Wolfe , who was practically raised in Julia Child 's TV kitchen  his parents managed publicity for local PBS stations  , grew up with Mr. Rogers as a family friend . Mr. Rogers , who so eloquently defended PBS against an earlier threat to its funding , can no longer speak out , but we can . Opinion : Will Big Bird be downsized ? How many of our children learned letters from Bert and Ernie before they ever went to preschool ? How many could count because of The Count ? How many of our new scientists were introduced to their future profession by Bill Nye ? And how many of you discovered a love of books through "  Reading Rainbow " ? PBS offers kids television shows that are free -- and especially free of hard-sell commercials and corporate points of view . PBS educates our children . Nearly every day LeVar is approached by parents , teachers and adults who grew up watching PBS , telling him how much the programs they watched benefited them and their students . Studies show that PBS has been responsible for improvements in early , elementary , middle and even high school education . PBS represents 0.00012 % of our nation 's budget . And while this resource benefits kids across all economic circumstances , it has even greater impact on the disadvantaged . Yet it has been made a political issue . After Romney 's attack , the CEO of PBS , Paula Kerger , commented that "  with the enormous problems facing our country , the fact that we are the focus is just unbelievable to me . We 're America 's biggest classroom . We touch children across the country in every home . Whether you have books in your home or computer or not , almost everyone has a television set . " Mitt Romney said , in last week 's debate : "  I 'm going to stop the subsidy to PBS . ... I will eliminate all programs by this test , if they do n't pass it : Is the program so critical it 's worth borrowing money from China to pay for it ? And if not , I 'll get rid of it . " Opinion : Defund public broadcasting and set it free This is telling in that while he suggests unspecified litmus tests for funding , he begins by saying PBS has already failed . We wonder what defines "  critical " to Mr. Romney . Free educational tools perhaps ? PBS is a leading video resource for high schools , offering older kids exceptional age-appropriate programming , such as "  NOVA " and Ken Burns historical documentaries ; it supplies 20,000 digital tools , such as in-depth teacher lesson plans , for students from pre-kindergarten to 12th grade ; half a million teachers rely on the PBS educational resource "  Learning Media . " What most people do n't realize is that if federal funding for PBS were cut , much of the loss would be on the local level . The vast majority of taxpayer funds for PBS  $ 1.35 per person per year  goes to local stations , many of which serve rural areas , where losing funding would mean stations going dark . We remind Mr. Romney that when small businesses go out of business , not only are their products no longer available to the public , people lose their jobs . Where is the gain in saving the $ 1.35 a year ? We see only loss . Big Bird stays up to pay a visit to ` SNL ' Well ? We as a nation must decide where our priorities are . Is education a priority ? Are our children our priority ? Are we going to support those priorities or just pay lip service to them ? If these are our critical priorities , then we must support efforts like PBS and we must speak out when our children are used as political tools . What Mitt Romney chooses to ignore or can not see is that PBS represents the delivery on America 's promise to itself : a promise to provide all children , rich or poor , black or white , with quality educational opportunities . This is an ongoing struggle . Schools are underfunded . Teachers are undervalued . And now PBS is under attack by a candidate who wants to lead our country . Make your own decision about how you feel about Romney 's statements against PBS , and act . But you do n't have to take our word for it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LeVar Burton and Mark Wolfe .	LeVar Burton , Mark Wolfe : Romney has said he would defund PBS . Time to speak up They say PBS helps build literacy , particularly in disadvantaged kids They say from Bert and Ernie to "  Reading Rainbow " to NOVA , PBS provides educational tools Writers : Funding cuts would hurt local stations , jobs ; this shows misplaced priorities
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Cambodia has sent a letter to the United Nations Security Council to call attention to its continuing standoff with Thailand over an ancient border temple on disputed land . Cambodian soldiers stand guard near Preah Vihear temple , close to the Thai border . The country is not asking for U.N. intervention , said Information Minister Kheu Kanharith . Rather , the letter that Cambodia 's permanent mission in New York submitted to the chairmen of the Security Council and the General Assembly is meant to draw attention to a crisis that entered its sixth day Sunday . The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions -- even as each side continued to amass more troops to the site of the Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand further says that the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia that places both the temple and the surrounding area in that country 's territory . Earlier this month , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- places the U.N. says have outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . A Thai court overturned the pact , prompting the resignation of Thailand 's foreign minister , Noppadon Pattama . He had endorsed the application . Cambodia , meanwhile , is preparing for general elections on July 27 . And Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph . The current flare-up began Tuesday , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the three refused to leave the territory . Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies the charge , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory . Each side has asked its troops to withhold fire unless they are fired upon . So far , the only casualty has been a Thai soldier who was injured Tuesday by a landmine -- possibly left over from the time the Khmer Rouge occupied the area . The Khmer Rouge , a radical communist movement that ruled Cambodia from 1975 to 1979 , won power through a guerrilla war . It is remembered for the deaths of as many as 1.5 million Cambodians . -- Journalist Soeum Yin contributed to this report	Cambodia : Letter to Security Council meant to ` draw attention to crisis ' The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to 11th century Preah Vihear temple The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962
CNN  -- The 6-year-old boy swallowed whole in an Indiana sand dune over the weekend could make a full recovery , a medical official said Monday . Rescuers dug furiously for three and a half hours to extract little Nathan Woessner , who was recovered unconscious and rushed to the University of Chicago Medicine 's Comer Children 's Hospital . But Tracy Koogler , medical director at the hospital 's pediatric intensive care unit , said doctors are signaling progress and possibly a full recovery . The boy is on a ventilator , she said , and is breathing at the capacity of a moderate intensive-care-unit pneumonia patient . He could have his breathing tube out later this week and could be out of the hospital in 10 days to two weeks with rehabilitation to follow , Koogler said . It 's unclear what kind of lasting health issues he may have . Authorities have said they do n't believe Nathan suffered brain damage from a lack of oxygen and there were no significant injuries to his eyes . A single air pocket in the dune may have saved his life , officials said . At present , doctors are trying to clear sand from his lungs . A family outing turned nightmare The boy and his family had gone Friday to Mount Baldy Beach at Indiana Dunes National Park , in the northwestern corner of the state . It was a day meant to be a fun family vacation at the beach on the Lake Michigan shoreline . Pastor Don Reul , Nathan 's grandfather , said his daughter and son-in-law went with another couple and their children . The incident occurred after the fathers decided to climb Mount Baldy . Nathan and a friend followed . Then the unexpected happened : sounds of screams and a boy lost in the sand . Nathan had stepped in a sinkhole , and a friend yelled to the fathers that the child was gone , the grandfather said . The fathers frantically tried to dig him out , but the more they dug , the deeper Nathan seemed to sink in the 11-foot mound . A call for help went out immediately . Rescuers stay focused 911 Operator : 9-1-1 . Caller : I 'm at the Mount Baldy Beach . And my friend 's son , he got stuck in the sand dune , and he 's like under the sand and they ca n't get him out . 911 Operator : OK , can anybody see him or is he completely covered by sand ? Caller : Uh , yes . My husband and his dad are trying to dig him out . Dozens of first responders rushed to the scene with shovels in hand . Heavy excavation equipment also was called in . They raced against the clock . "  There was lots and lots of guys hand digging , trying to expose him making sure nobody was going to hurt him or anything with any equipment , " one of the rescuers , Rich Elm , told CNN affiliate WNDU . An hour went by . Then another . "  We were really losing hope fast , and we tried to just stay focused , " Michigan City firefighter Brad Kreighbaum told CNN affiliate WSBT . "  The first two hours was complete misery . " More than three and a half hours later , signs of life . Nathan was cold and appeared lifeless but had a heartbeat . He was trapped vertically in the sand . "  One minute you 're thinking , ` We do n't know what we 're going to have , ' and you 're thinking the worst . Then you 're hoping for the best , " Elm said . "  Once I had a hold of his head , " Kreighbaum said , "  I was ... just talking to him , you know , just like I would talk to my own son . " ` Never heard of anything like this ' Park rangers do not know what caused the hole . Mount Baldy is the tallest moving sand dune in the national lakeshore , according to the National Park Service . Half-buried trees show its shifting nature . "  I 've been a park ranger here at Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore since 1991 , and I 've never heard of anything like this here or at other sand dune parks , " Park Ranger Bruce Rowe told WNDU . "  It 's baffling . " The beach was closed Monday as authorities investigated what caused the sand to give way . Waiting for our son to wake up CNN 's Jennifer Moore and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	Nathan Woessner , 6 , was visiting the northern Indiana sand dunes with family The sand dunes , which line Lake Michigan , can sometimes give way Nathan is in critical condition but does not appear to have any brain damage
CNN  -- Mali beat Botswana 2-1 Wednesday to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinals from Group D of the competition . Goals from Garra Dembele and Barcelona star Seydou Keita with the winner secured the runners-up spot from the group behind Ghana , who were held 1-1 by Guinea in a match played at the same time in Franceville . It earned Mali , reaching this stage for the first time in eight years , a match against their coach Alain Giresse 's former team , co-hosts Gabon . Botswana opened the scoring in Libreville six minutes into the second half with Moemedi Moatlaping converting after a fine move . Mali leveled after 56 minutes when Abdou Traore crossed for Dembele to volley home . Mali substitute Ousmane Coulibaly hit the crossbar with an effort before Tidiane Cheick Diabete set up Keita to net from close range with 15 minutes left . Blog : Does Football really need transfer windows ? The Mali players had to wait until the Ghana-Guinea game had finished to make sure they went through , at the result celebrating wildly their passage to the last eight . Ghana , who put on the best showing of an African side at the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa , have earned a quarterfinal match against Tunisia . The Black Stars went ahead in the 28th minute through Emmanuel Badu with a blistering shot from outside the area . But Abdoul Razzagui Camara drew Guinea deservedly level in first half stoppage time . Guinea were reduced to 10 men in the second half after Bah Dioulde was sent off after being booked for a second time on 70 minutes .	Mali secures second qualifying spot from Group D of Africa Cup of Nations Mali reaches quarterfinals after beating Botswana 2-1 in Libreville Barcelona star Seydou Keita scores winner for Mali Ghana top group after being held 1-1 by Guinea
CNN  -- The businessman son of embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi appears to be out of rebel hands and says he wants to negotiate a cease-fire to save Tripoli from "  a sea of blood . " In an e-mail exchange with CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson , Saadi Gadhafi -- whose capture had been announced by the rebel leadership on Sunday -- said he had the authority to negotiate and wanted to discuss a cease-fire with U.S. and NATO officials . "  I will try to save my city Tripoli and 2 millions of people living there ... otherwise Tripoli will be lost forever like Somalia , " he wrote . Without a cease-fire , he added , "  Soon it will be a sea of blood . " Saadi Gadhafi was one of three sons of the now-hunted Libyan leader who the rebel National Transitional Council announced had been captured during their weekend advance on Tripoli . However , they said Monday that one of the other two , Mohammed Gadhafi , had escaped . And Saif al-Islam Gadhafi -- a top adviser to his father -- made an appearance before international journalists early Tuesday to refute reports of his arrest . Where is Libya 's leader , and how long can he hold out ? There was no immediate comment from NTC officials on Saadi Gadhafi 's status or his offer , made a day after rebel forces overran his father 's Bab al-Aziziya compound and claimed control over nearly all of Tripoli . Libyan government officials have made several previous cease-fire offers during the course of the six-month revolt against Gadhafi 's 42-year rule .	Saadi Gadhafi exchanged e-mail with a CNN correspondent He said he wants "  to save my city Tripoli " from a humanitarian crisis He had been reported captured by rebel forces on Sunday
Tokyo  CNN  -- Sony expects a full year net loss of US $ 2.9 billion , citing tough domestic and global financial conditions . The Japanese electronics company says it is forecasting a net loss of 220 billion yen or US $ 2.9 billion for the fiscal year ending in March 2012 . Previously , Sony expected to make 90 billion yen  US $ 1.2 billion  . Releasing its third quarter earnings , Sony says for the quarter ending in December 2011 , it lost 159 billion yen  US $ 2.06 billion  . And for the nine months ending in December 2011 , Sony reported a net income loss of 201 billion yen  US $ 2.5 billion  . Sony cited a number of factors for the deteriorating outlook , like the appreciation of the Japanese yen and the flooding in Thailand . The release of the grim financial news came just shortly before the first press conference of the soon to be new head of Sony , Kazuo Hirai , and the outgoing CEO and president Howard Stringer .	Sony cites tough domestic and global financial conditions The company also blames appreciation of the Japanese yen and the flooding in Thailand for losses
CNN  -- The world pays attention to Angelina Jolie when she 's stepping out with partner Brad Pitt , writing opinion pieces and spurring debate about breast cancer or promoting her latest movie . Now , she 's is hoping to turn that spotlight onto Syria 's refugee crisis . This week , Jolie -- a special envoy for the U.N. 's refugee agency -- traveled to the world 's second-largest refugee camp , where she spoke to Syrian refugees and documented their stories in a video for CNN . Nearly 1.7 million Syrians have fled the country 's brutal civil war , many living in densely crowded refugee camps in Syria 's neighboring countries . Jordan 's Za'atri refugee camp , which Jolie visited to mark Thursday 's World Refugee Day , was built to house 20,000 refugees but now has more than 120,000 . Their stories of survival and loss are harrowing . Some refugees say they are marrying off their young daughters to protect them from rapists in the camps . CNN inside Syria : Smoldering ruins One family at the Za'atri camp told Jolie of a mortar that exploded in their Damascus home . At the time of the blast , the couple 's 4-year-old son , who suffers from a birth defect and can not walk , was playing inside . The boy 's eardrums were shattered . "  I tried to stay , " said the mother , Mouna Ahmed . "  I wanted to stay , but after the bombing , it was just too difficult . " She fled with her family , even though she was pregnant . Even in Jordan , when her children hear a plane overhead , they get scared , Ahmed said . Giving a voice to refugees is arguably the most difficult role Jolie accepted when she agreed to become the U.N. 's special envoy for refugees last year . Months after accepting the role , she visited Syrian refugees living in camps in Turkey , Lebanon and Jordan . Photo blog : Syrian war through children 's eyes As the war drags on in Syria , there has been little talk among world leaders about the humanitarian crisis unfolding as a result of the conflict . Instead , the discussion at the recent G8 conference centered on whether the United States will arm the rebels fighting Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Some analysts have warned that Syria 's quagmire will trigger the world 's worst refugee crisis if it is not addressed . "  This is undoubtedly the world 's worst refugee crisis in decades , and if we do n't get off this slippery slope , it will soon become the largest in our lifetime , " Kristalina Georgieva , a humanitarian commissioner for the European Commission , told the Daily Telegraph this week . "  It is so disappointing to see the international community sleepwalking into this disaster . " Gallery : More than a million fleeing Every 14 seconds , another Syrian is displaced across national boundaries , according to the U.N. . Last week , the U.N. made its largest appeal ever -- for more than $ 5 billion -- for relief aid to Syrians across the country . The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs predicted that nearly half of Syria 's population will either have fled the country or need aid by the end of the year . One woman at the Za'atri camp told Jolie how her life was transformed when her neighbor in Syria showed up at her door , missing a foot . "  I went to the pharmacist , and I said , ` Hypothetically speaking , if my son or husband had this injury , what should I do ? ' " the woman , Umm Mohammed , recalled . With a proud smile , she said , "  He taught me how to sterilize the wound ... and I started working . " Her smile disappears when the conversation turns to her own situation at the refugee camp . Umm Mohammed wants to return to her home in Syria , but the safety of her family keeps her away . There have been promises to help from the international community to end the conflict in Syria , but the reality is that nothing changes , she said . "  Why is no one standing by the Syrian people ? " she asked Jolie . "  No one is helping us . They all say they want to support us , but nothing is being done . They have conferences and make statements , but it is worth nothing . " For a list of charities that are helping those affected by Syria 's war , check out cnn.com/impact .	This week , Angelina Jolie spoke with Syrian refugees in Jordan She documented their stories in a video The Hollywood star has spent years working on behalf of refugees Last year , she became a special envoy for the United Nations ' refugee agency
CNN  -- Every now and then , being a jerk on the Internet can result in some unwanted attention . From 2009 to 2013 , the operators of Jerk.com created profiles for millions of people , including children , using information that was scraped off Facebook , according to charges filed Monday by the Federal Trade Commission . The site continues to operate . The profiles , which were supposedly created by users of the site , labeled people a "  Jerk " or "  Not a Jerk . " Also , the site claimed -- falsely , according to the FTC -- that the subjects could edit their profiles if they paid a $ 30 membership fee . The complaint says that , in fact , operators of the site created more than 73 million profiles with Facebook information , some of which had been posted as private and which included intimate images such as parents bathing their young children and a mother breast-feeding . Many users who paid to join the site received nothing in return , according to the FTC . "  In today 's interconnected world , people are especially concerned about their reputation online , and this deceptive scheme was a brazen attempt to exploit those concerns , " said Jessica Rich , director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection . An attorney for Jerk.com did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment . But in a document from last year seeking to dismiss the case , Maria Crimi Speth called the government 's case against the site a "  fishing expedition . " She wrote that profiles on the site , which received almost 100,000 visitors a day , are created by users and that profiles generally display "  information that is publicly available in a Google Internet search as well as newly created user generated content . " She also said that the site deleted profiles of children 14 and younger if those profiles were brought to their attention . The document also claimed that , in 2012 , only 22 people subscribed to the site and its total revenue was about $ 3,000 . Jerk.com profiles included buttons that allowed users to vote on whether someone was a "  jerk " or not , as well as add personal information and comments about that person . In some cases , the FTC said , those comments were "  derisive and abusive . " The FTC says that the site created phony Facebook apps that operators then used to download the names and photos of millions of users . The commission is seeking a court order barring the "  deceptive practices , " prohibiting Jerk.com from using information they obtained improperly and requiring them to delete profiles created from scraped Facebook information .	FTC announces Monday that it has cracked down on Jerk.com FTC says the site harvested Facebook information from millions of users Jerk.com has claimed that the profiles were created by users
CNN  -- The company responsible for a runaway train that exploded in a small Canadian town Saturday said an engine shutdown may have released air brakes holding the train in place . At least five people are dead and around 40 are unaccounted for in Lac-Megantic , Quebec , after a 73-car train carrying crude oil derailed and crashed , local law enforcement officials said . Tankers exploded , sending thick plumes of smoke into the night sky , leveling dozens of homes and buildings and forcing nearly 2,000 people from their homes . The train had stopped for a crew change Friday night in a station about seven miles from Lac-Megantic , the Montreal , Maine & Atlantic Railway said in a statement . The train 's engineer had "  tied down " and checked into a motel . "  One fact that has emerged is the locomotive of the oil train parked at Nantes station was shut down subsequent to the departure of the engineer who had handled the train from Farnham , which may have resulted in the release of air brakes on the locomotive that was holding the train in place , " the company said in a statement , noting that it still did n't have "  complete information . " The explosion devastated the small lakeside town , where firefighters were still working Sunday to contain hot spots so law enforcement could expand its investigation . Investigators with the Transportation Safety Board of Canada found the locomotive event recorder and planned to analyze it for information on throttle position and speed , among other data . The burned bodies of the dead have been sent to Montreal for identification , but "  we know that there will be many more " deaths , police spokesman Lt. Michel Brunet said Sunday . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper likened the town to a "  war zone " after touring it Sunday . "  There is not a family in this area that is not touched by this , " he said in a press conference outside Polyvalente Montignac High School , the main staging area for recovery efforts . "  A beautiful downtown here has been destroyed , " he said . "  There 's going to be a need for substantial reconstruction . " Harper would not comment on specifics of the disaster except that he expected information "  about why this occurred " to lead to a police investigation . "  I 've heard things that concern me greatly , " he said . "  There will be investigations that will point to guilty or responsible people . " Witnesses told the CBC they heard five or six explosions . One person saw the first train tanker tip over and yelled "  run , run ! " as he dashed toward the lake for which the town is named . He told CBC the flames chased him to the edge of the water . "  The fire was moving so quickly , " he said . "  We saw balls of fire shooting out onto the water . " One woman told CNN affiliate CTV she was working at a bar nearby and got off work an hour before the accident . "  I have no news from my friends ; I have n't heard from any of them , " she told tearfully told CTV . "  I ca n't say more than that . We 're waiting for confirmation . " Amid the chaos , friends and families are scrambling to find their loved ones . More than 17,000 people have joined a Facebook page to help people connect with their loved ones in the town . Locals and outsiders have posted desperate notes to try to figure out where their friends and family were on the night of the crash . Some posts bring relief -- "  Mom it is alisun and oceannie and rosaly we are all alive I love you , " one reads in French . Others look less promising . Multiple posts ask about Guy Bolduc , a singer who was performing at Musi-Cafe in town . "  All of his fans , all over Quebec , but also his fellow singers  of whom I am one  hope to see him again alive !!! Come on my GuyBol , come out of your hiding place , " one member wrote . The group administrators ask that members not post about deaths until they 're confirmed . Residents told the CBC they have never seen anything like it . "  It 's dreadful , " Claude Bedard said . "  It 's terrible . The Metro store , Dollarama , everything that was there is gone . " Authorities evacuated more than a third of the town of 6,000 people , most from the center of the town and a home for the elderly . As authorities worked to get more details , residents of the scenic town grappled with the loss . "  It 's like the town has been cut by a knife , " Sgt. Gregory Gomez del Prado told the CBC . Resident Amanda Gabrielle said the train crashed on her birthday . She lost her dog , she 's now homeless , and she does n't have any family or friends . "  I lost everything , " Gabrielle told the CBC . "  I do n't know what 's going to happen to me . " For information on missing people , call 1-800-659-4264 . CNN 's Jonathan Mann , Joe Sterling , Pierre Meilhan , Darrell Calhoun , Jake Carpenter , Ben Brumfield , Dave Alsup and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	Engine shutdown , air brake release may have caused train derailment , rail company says Train rolled downhill , derailed and exploded into flames At least five people killed ; about 40 unaccounted for "  It looks like a war zone here , " Prime Minister Stephen Harper says
CNN  Not long ago , two lifelong friends talked about all the cool gifts the little kids they knew were getting for Eid al-Fitr , the Muslim holiday that celebrates the end of Ramadan . Omar AbdelBaky , 24 , jokingly complained that when he and Deah Shaddy Barakat grew up in Raleigh , North Carolina , they did n't get fancy toy helicopters . Barakat , 23 , asked his friend for his address . Two weeks later , a delivery guy dropped one of those helicopters at AbdelBaky 's door . "  That 's who Deah was -- he gave without thinking twice about it . I want people to know that about him -- he was such a kind person , " AbdelBaky said . A day ago , Barakat , his 21-year-old wife Yusor Abu-Salha , and her 19-year-old sister Razan Abu-Salha were shot and killed at the Barakats ' home in Chapel Hill . Barakat worked tirelessly to raise money in the hope of providing dental care to Syrian refugees in Turkey . Yusor Abu-Salha brought young women together in her community , forging strong friendships while she also focused on school . Razan Abu-Salha was a talented artist . It was so hard , AbdelBaky said , to conceive of so much life suddenly snuffed out . All three of them were known for their dedication to service , said Suzanne Barakat , Deah 's older sister . "  They all had so much to offer , and I just want to make sure that we continue that legacy for them ... and that all of us Americans , collectively , do not let their deaths go in vain , " she told CNN . At a press conference on Wednesday , she asked authorities to investigate the "  senseless and heinous murders " as a hate crime . It 's a possibility police say they 're considering . Suspect Craig Stephen Hicks has been charged with murder . Deah Barakat was a dental student . Yusor Abu-Salha had wed her husband about a month ago and had just moved in with him , AbdelBaky said . She had been accepted to UNC-Chapel Hill 's dental program and was set to begin classes in the fall . Razan Abu-Salha was a student at North Carolina State University . A Facebook tribute page for the three featured her work as a videographer and an artist . A post with video footage of her putting together a 3-D model says the university recently recognized her for her art . "  She was wonderful ! " someone wrote . Another picture shows Yusor Abu-Salha 's father twirling her around at her wedding . Mohammad Abu-Salha told CNN his daughters were always trying to serve the community . "  They all volunteered in downtown Raleigh many times a year to feed the homeless and the hungry , " he said . "  They cooked loads of food . They came heartbroken to me to tell me how many grown men they 've seen , standing in line , waiting for a bite . " Yusor Abu-Salha also went on a volunteer mission to help at a dentistry clinic for Syrian refugees in Turkey , her father said . Her husband did , too . And they were planning another mission trip to Turkey this coming summer . The family , he said , is devastated by their deaths . His wife is so heartbroken she 's unable to speak . "  We 're in shock , " he said . "  Two children of ours , and our son-in-law ... three outstanding , stunning , clean-cut , exceptional , articulate , intelligent , dedicated , charity-working kids , involved in community work , volunteer work , the whole nine yards , the best you can imagine an American kid to be . " Six weeks ago , Suzanne Barakat said she was crying tears of joy at her baby brother 's wedding . "  Today , " she said , their family is "  crying tears of unimaginable pain . " "  My brother , Deah , was a 6-foot-3-inch young man who had the kindest heart , who loved everyone he met , greeted strangers with hugs and dedicated his life to service , " she told CNN 's "  AC360 . " He was well-known for his love of basketball . And he made dental school look easy , she said . "  He loved it . He loved what he did . He loved playing with the children when he was working abroad , " she said . "  He was happy in everything that he did , and he made it light , and people loved being around him for that . " The son of Syrian immigrants , Deah raised money to provide dental care to Syrian war refugees . He had already managed to collect at least $ 10,000 , AbdelBaky said . More money poured in after his death . By Wednesday afternoon , the fundraising web site showed more than $ 140,000 in donations . "  That is amazing , " his sister said , "  and we want to continue that and we want them to be remembered for that . " The tribute page features a video of Deah Barakat explaining that he hoped to go to Turkey and provide free dental procedures for Syrian war refugees . He said he planned to work with 10 other dentists to hand out toothbrushes and paste at refugee camps and show good oral hygiene and teach refugees how to care of themselves . "  Have you ever felt helpless about the situation in Syria and felt like you ca n't do anything about it ? Well , this is your opportunity to help ... " he said . "  These kids do n't have access to the same health care as us . And their prolonged pain can easily be taken care of with the work that we do . " By Wednesday night , the page had more than 82,000 likes . Last week , Barakat gave out toothbrushes at a homeless shelter . His parents taught him and his older brother and sister the importance of generosity , friends said . AbdelBaky remembers attending massive dinners at Barakats ' home where many laughed and ate and told stories all night . Last year , Barakat 's mother made lunch for his dental class of about 80 people , driving the home-cooked goodness from Raleigh to Chapel Hill . When Barakat attended North Carolina State University , where he met his wife , he dreamed of becoming a dentist , his friend said . "  Dentistry was a great fit for Deah -- you can get people out of pain and fix smiles and make people happy , " AbdelBaky said . He was ambitious and hard working , friends said , but he always knew how to play . Basketball was his game and he was always organizing pickup games . Mariem Masmoudi 's brother shot hoops with Barakat this week . She said Yusor Abu-Salha was planning to get some girlfriends together this week to hang out , talk about life and discuss the importance of living a just life according to religious principle . It saddens her immensely when she thinks about the optimism all three shared , suddenly snuffed out . "  There was so much love and so much joy and happiness , " Masmoudi said . The Barakats "  were really an adorable young couple . I do n't know how to say it ... they really radiated this kind of light . They radiated humility , kindness , love . You could n't help but be inspired by them . " CNN 's Jason Carroll , Eliott C. McLaughlin and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	They were "  the best you can imagine an American kid to be , " father says Friend : Deah Barakat was raising money for Syrian refugees and gave often to charity He , his wife and her sister were shot to death Tuesday ; man facing murder charges
CNN  -- Three scientists won the Nobel Prize in physics on Tuesday for two breakthroughs that led to two major underpinnings of the digital age -- fiber optics and digital photography , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said . Willard Boyle , left , and George Smith handle a charge-coupled device in 1974 . Charles K. Kao , a British and U.S. citizen , won for "  groundbreaking achievements concerning the transmission of light in fibers for optical communication . " Willard S. Boyle , a Canadian and U.S. citizen , and George E. Smith , a U.S. citizen , "  invented the first successful imaging technology using a digital sensor , a CCD  Charge-Coupled Device  . " Kao in 1966 "  made a discovery that led to a breakthrough in fiber optics . He carefully calculated how to transmit light over long distances via optical glass fibers , " the academy said in a press release . Today , "  optical fibers make up the circulatory system that nourishes our communication society " and "  facilitate broadband communication such as the Internet , " the academy said . Boyle and Smith 's Charge-Coupled Device -- invented in 1969 -- "  is the digital camera 's electronic eye " and paved the way for digital photography . "  It revolutionized photography , as light could now be captured electronically instead of on film . The digital form facilitates the processing and distribution of these images . CCD technology is also used in many medical applications , e.g. imaging the inside of the human body , both for diagnostics and for microsurgery . " The Nobel Prizes are being awarded this week and next . The medicine award was handed out on Monday . The prizes for chemistry and literature will be awarded Wednesday and Thursday . The Nobel Peace Prize winner will be named on Friday , and the award in economics will be issued on Monday .	Breakthroughs led to fiber optics , digital photography Optical fibers facilitate broadband communication such as the Internet Scientists made it possible to capture light electronically instead of on film Nobel Prizes handed out this week
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- At least 59 people were killed in a fire that broke out early Thursday at one of Bangkok 's most upscale nightclubs , where about 1,000 revelers were ringing in the new year , Thai police said . Rescue officials work at the scene of the fire in Thailand . Most of the dead were Thai , but foreigners have been identified , among them from Australia , the Netherlands , Nepal and Japan , police said . Another 100 people were believed injured . The fire , at a club called Santika , started at about 12:35 a.m.  1735 GMT  , police told CNN . The blaze started near a stage where fireworks were being used as part of a performance , according to authorities . Watch the fire engulf the building " Most of those who died in the building suffered smoke inhalation or were trampled in a rush to get out of the club , they said . British citizen Andrew Jones said he was celebrating in the area when he walked up on the fire . He said he saw victims being rushed out of the fire on stretchers and spoke to witnesses , including a fellow Briton who saw fireworks being lit onstage . "  He immediately ran out of the building , but immediately when he 'd done that the lights went out and he could n't see , " Jones said . The club is located in one of Bangkok 's busiest commercial districts . Its Web site features images of bands and DJs performing on both indoor and outdoor stages , and says that it "  innovatively blends the comfort of nature with the excitement of the Bangkok nightlife . " The site advertises the club 's new year 's party , which was named "  Goodbye Santika . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Fireworks were used as part of a performance , authorities say Most of those who died suffered smoke inhalation or were trampled , authorities say Club is located in one of Bangkok 's busiest commercial districts
Almost a year to the day after an off-road motorcyclist found the remains of a California family who had vanished from their home in 2010 , authorities announced Friday they had arrested the man they believe is responsible for the deaths . Charles "  Chase " Merritt is charged with four counts of murder in the deaths of Joseph and Summer McStay and their two small boys , San Bernardino County , California , District Attorney Michael Ramos told reporters at a news conference . Merritt , 57 , was arrested Wednesday without incident in Chatsworth , California , Detective Chris Fisher said . Police say they believe the family died of "  blunt force trauma " inside their home north of San Diego , but they declined to discuss specifics of the deaths or a motive . Merritt , who was a business partner of Joseph McStay 's , appeared in court Friday but his arraignment was postponed until Wednesday . No bail was set . In an earlier interview with CNN , Merritt said he received a phone call from Joseph McStay the night they disappeared , but did n't answer it because he was busy and tired . "  There are hundreds of scenarios , " he told CNN at the time . "  I have gone over all of them in my head . Of course I regret not picking up the phone . " Friday , McStay 's brother , Michael McStay , choked back tears in thanking investigators for their work on the case . "  You have no idea what this means , " he said . 5 questions about the McStay case Police who searched their home days after the family disappeared found eggs on the kitchen counter and bowls of popcorn in the living room , along with the family 's two dogs . There were no signs of a struggle . Despite finding the family 's SUV in San Ysidro , California -- where it had been towed from the Mexican border -- and video surveillance that showed a family matching the description of the McStays crossing the border , authorities had no clue what happened to them until the discovery of their bodies on November 11 , 2013 . A motorcyclist passing through the area found the remains in two shallow graves not far from Interstate 15 in San Bernardino County , more than 100 miles from the family 's home north of San Diego . Authorities identified the remains using dental records . At the time , San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said the killings appeared to be "  extremely orchestrated " and carried out by more than one person . But after reviewing 4,500 pages of investigative records , executing 60 search warrants and conducting 200 interviews , investigators zeroed in on Merritt , concluding he had acted alone in killing the family in their own home , San Bernardino authorities said . He declined to say what specifically led them to that conclusion . Fisher did , however , say there was no evidence the family had traveled to Mexico after their disappearance , calling the border video "  unrelated " to the case . "  We do n't think it 's them , " he said . Ramos said he has not yet decided whether he will seek the death penalty in what he called a "  cold and callous murder of an entire family . " The disappearance of the McStays Joseph McStay 's mother credited investigators for their strength and determination to solve the case . "  I need justice from the law and the courts and to get to talk to the judge , " she said . "  And most of all , justice upstairs for my lovely family . "	Charles "  Chase " Merritt appears in court Merritt is charged with four counts of murder in the family 's 2010 deaths Their bodies were found in the Mojave Desert in November 2013 Merritt was a business partner of Joseph McStay 's , police say
A tiger swims in a pond to cool off on a hot Saturday morning . School children stroll under a canopy of trees and watch Kalimantan gibbons playfully swing on the branches . All seems fine at the Surabaya Zoo , Indonesia 's oldest zoo and once its most impressive . But a closer look reveals the sad state it has fallen into . Out of the public 's sight , tigers are kept in small , dark cages . There is little room outside for all of its 15 tigers to roam , so only one is let out at a time . A Sumatran tiger "  Betina " is so sick she can not keep any food down . A few cages away is another emaciated white tiger "  Santi . " "  See , these tigers never go out their whole life , they 're very skinny tigers , " said experienced zookeeper Tony Sumampau . Sumampau was brought in by the Indonesian government to lead a temporary team to improve conditions when it took over the privately run zoo in 2010 . He now spends two days a week trying to teach zoo staff how to care for animals kept in cramped and unsanitary living conditions for far too long . Before Sumampau arrived , about 25 of the zoo 's 4,000 animals died each month , many of them prematurely , from disease and neglect . Among them was a cheetah , a gift from South Africa 's President , whose leg was bitten off by a tiger and later died . Sumampau says trained zookeepers would never put cheetahs and tigers together . "  I think this is the only zoo I heard where a cheetah fights with the tigers , in this zoo , because they never meet in the wild , " he explained . There has been some progress since his temporary team came in . Now , an average of 15 of the zoo 's animals dies each month . In March , the zoo 's last remaining giraffe was one of them . An autopsy revealed that the adult male had eaten a staggering amount of plastic ; around 18 kilograms or 40 pounds was found in its abdomen , mostly food wrappers . According to Sumampau , it is not the only animals to have ingested trash that ends up in the enclosures . Poor sanitation and uncontrolled breeding also remain serious challenges for the zoo . A pelican nurses her chick in a pen it shares with about 160 other pelicans . There is so little room , the birds can barely stand and unfurl their wings . Several primates and birds are kept side by side in what was once the zoo 's quarantine area . A brightly-coloured macaw no longer has any feathers on its breast . It has become so stressed by living in captivity that it has plucked them all out , Samampau says . Lutvi Achmad , the head of the East Java Natural Resources Conservation Center , who works with Sumampau , told CNN , "  This overpopulation has been going on for so long , there 's inbreeding and for sure this wo n't be a good thing for the Surabaya Zoo . " The biggest problem Sumampau says is the lack of understanding of animal welfare and conservation . He is slowly training the zoo 's 70 keepers but faces resistance from some who have worked in the zoo for years , even decades . A baby elephant pulls against the chains secured around its legs as it moves around a cramped , concrete cell . One of the keepers tells Sumampau the chains are used to train the young elephant to walk . Frequent changes in management and infighting are to be blamed for the zoo 's appalling state , according to the team . Sumampau appointed one of the zoo 's staff , Sri Pentawati , as the new curator . She says she was reluctant to take on the position but is heartened by the changes . "  Our zoo is old " , she said . "  It will take time to modernize it , however , some of visitors notice the changes because some of the cages are getting fixed already . " Enclosures for the Komodo dragons , endangered and found only in Indonesia , have been renovated and the younger lizards are now kept separate from the adults who can prey on them . The barriers are low and properly installed for visitors to safely watch the Komodo dragons sunbathe . "  If you can set up exhibits showing the animals ' normal behavior so people will see and know about tiger behavior , elephant behavior and things like that , the zoo in fact is education for the visitor , " Sumampau said . Rebuilding the zoo will require expertise and money . However , with tickets priced at less than $ 2 each , revenues are just enough to feed the animals and keep the zoo running . Sumampau and his team have proposed plans to modernize the zoo , but stakeholders , including Surabaya 's local government and the Indonesian Forestry Ministry , have yet to agree on a scheme and appoint a management team . The Forestry Ministry wants the Surabaya local government to appoint a third-party team of professionals to run the zoo . The Surabaya administration prefers a body owned by municipality to take over . "  We will support whoever , professionals , chosen by the local government to run the zoo , " Achmad said . "  Our duty here is temporary and it is to save the animals , rescue them and prepare for the eventual transfer to the next management . " "  We need everyone to have the same vision to fulfill animal welfare of the zoo animals , that 's the most important thing " , stressed Sumampau . "  The surplus animals have to be out , or euthanized , whichever is better , or some can be released to the wild . This has to be done and then we need funding to rebuild the zoo completely . "	Years of neglect are evident in mortality rates at Indonesia 's Surabaya Zoo Until the government stepped in two years ago , 25 animals were dying each month Conditions have improved but overcrowding , poor sanitation and inbreeding remain problems Zookeeper Tony Samampau is trying to change attitudes , improve animal welfare
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When man first walked on the moon 40 years ago , it was not only a "  giant leap for mankind " but also a boon for everyday items . A NASA-inspired tracking system is helping monitor endangered whale sharks . Sports shoes , for example , took a huge leap forward in the late 1980s when AVIA Group International , then a subsidiary of Reebok , turned to space technology to make them more flexible and durable . Freeze-dried food , artificial limbs , cordless vacuum cleaners and edible toothpaste were also developed using research that can be linked to NASA 's forays into space . They are listed in detail in "  Spinoff , " a NASA magazine first compiled in 1976 as a definitive guide to the commercialized products whose development can be tied to space technology . "  We are fairly liberal with our application of the term spinoff , " said editor Daniel Lockney . "  The product has to contain a component that was developed for NASA , some aspect of it or it could just be NASA 's know-how that helped the commercialization of the product , " he said . More than 1,660 articles on space-related products have been published since the magazine 's first edition . Watch some of the spin-offs developed from space technology " What you wo n't find on the list is the bright orange powered drink , Tang , or Teflon , or Velcro -- all products that have over time been erroneously linked to NASA 's space mission . "  Tang was developed by General Foods before NASA was even made a federal agency , but it was popularized during astronaut tasting experiments , " Lockney said . "  Velcro was invented by a Swiss engineer in the 1940s , " he said , adding "  Teflon was created by Dupont . It has many applications within NASA but is not a NASA technology . " Infant formula makes the grade due to an ingredient discovered during NASA research into algae as a source of food supplements . "  Different experiments led to the discovery of a nutrient substance that has previously only been found in breast milk . -LSB- This is -RSB- believed to be important in the development in the eyes and the brain . " It 's now in 95 percent of infant formula sold in the U.S. and in 65 countries around the world , Lockney said . It may have been 40 years since NASA put the first man on the moon , but the number of products that use space technology does n't seem to be diminishing . "  Spinoff " publishes articles on 40 to 50 new space-related products every year but receives many more submissions for inclusion . The next edition due out in October will feature a new tracking system for endangered animals , including polar bears and whale sharks , which was derived from an algorithm developed for tracking star patterns . "  Tracing theses animals is something that previously a small core group of scientists would go out and do . We 're now able to have ordinary citizens upload their pictures of these animals that have been spotted through Flickr and Facebook . Logging times and dates will significantly increase the level of monitoring of these endangered species , " Lockney said . For more space-related products see NASA 's "  Spinoff " Web site .	Many common products can be traced back to research conducted by NASA Freeze-dried food , artificial limbs , edible toothpaste are among NASA spin-offs Contrary to rumors , Tang , Velcro and Teflon not developed for space travel It has been 40 years since NASA 's Apollo 11 mission took man to the moon
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In December 2000 , Jose Guevara , a former Venezuelan intelligence agent , was introduced by his second cousin to an international fugitive , the target of an international manhunt . Then , spurred in part by the allure of a $ 5 million reward , Guevara helped authorities capture the fugitive , former Peruvian spy master Vladimiro Montesinos . Montesinos ' capture was considered a success -- he had been convicted of an illegal arms trade , embezzlement and abuse of power , among others -- and arguably could not have been accomplished without Guevara 's help . Now , nearly 10 years later , Guevara has not seen a penny of the reward money , and is increasingly unlikely to ever reap his reward . A U.S. appeals court last week ruled that a lawsuit brought by Guevara against Peru is invalid , dashing his attempt to recoup the money . The Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday overturned a district court ruling that found Peru should cough up the cash . The U.S. courts do not have jurisdiction over the case because Peru has sovereign immunity , the three-judge panel found , noting that the facts of the case "  read like the latest spy thriller . " It all began in the second half of 2000 , as the government of then-Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori began to crumble . The autocratic leader had seen some cracks in his armor , but his government fell apart after videos of Montesinos , his powerful spy chief , were leaked , showing him bribing an opposition congressman . Other incriminating videos also emerged . "  Montesinos , seeing the writing on the wall , fled the country , first into Venezuela , then , it seemed , into thin air , " the judges wrote . In April 2001 , Peru 's interim president issued an emergency decree that provided a $ 5 million reward for information leading to Montesinos ' capture . It was to be paid 24 hours after the arrest . But before there was a reward , Guevara had a different relationship with Montesinos , as his protector in Venezuela . Initially , Guevera 's cousin introduced a man with bandages on his face as "  Manuel Rodrigruez , " and asked Guevara to give him a place to stay . According to the court document , it was shortly thereafter that Guevara understood that his guest was Montesinos , who had undergone facial cosmetic surgery in an attempt to evade arrest . Guevara agreed to take the guest in , as well as to provide security for him , the judges ' ruling states . "  For his part , Montesinos used Guevara as an intermediary to run personal errands and to arrange for the deposit of funds into Montesinos ' accounts in U.S. banks , " the document says . One of his missions was to Miami to meet with banker Luis Alfredo Percovich , who handled a Montesinos account at Pacific Industrial Bank . Montesinos had requested a large transfer to another bank , which Percovich declined . According to court documents , Montesinos responded by e-mail , threatening physical harm . He then sent Guevara with instructions to the banker . They met at a Miami hotel , where Guevara handed over a letter demanding that Percovich hand over $ 700,000 in cash from Montesinos ' account and transfer $ 3 million to another bank . As he was leaving the hotel , Guevara was detained by FBI agents . Percovich had tipped off the feds . The FBI gave Guevara a choice : "  If he gave the FBI Montesinos ' address and telephone number in Caracas , he would be released , the charges against him dropped , and he would recieve the $ 5 million reward , " the document states . With both the carrot and stick in front of him , Guevara agreed to cooperate , and Montesinos was captured the following day . But Peru never paid him the reward that it indicated to the FBI it would . So Guevara sued in the United States , and came close to winning his claim . Somewhere in there Percovich tried unsuccessfully to insert himself in the suit . After all , he argued in court , if he had n't called the FBI , they would n't have gotten to Montesinos , and he wanted his share of the reward money . The district court ruled that Peru had broken it 's part of the bargain and , even if Guevara was n't wearing a white hat during this episode , was owed the $ 5 million plus interest . By a thin 2-1 ruling in the Court of Appeals , Peru regained the upper hand .	A U.S. appeals court ruled that Peru is immune from lawsuits filed in the United States The decision means that Peru may not have to pay a $ 5 million reward Jose Guevara says he is owed the money The case involves former Peruvian spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- President Barack Obama addressed a broad range of political topics during an appearance on NBC 's "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " Tuesday , insisting among other things that he 's not spending too much time yet focused on next year 's potential GOP campaign rivals . "  I 'm going to wait until everybody 's voted off the island , " Obama joked . "  Once they narrow it down to one or two  candidates  , I 'll start paying attention . " Obama is currently on a three-day trip to Nevada , California and Colorado . The trip includes several fundraisers for his re-election bid . During a wide-ranging interview , Obama criticized Washington 's harsh political climate , telling Leno that "  the things that folks across the country are most fed up with , whether you are a Democrat , Republican ,  or  independent , is putting party ahead of country or putting the next election ahead of the next generation . " The two men discussed several foreign policy topics , including the situation in Libya and the impending withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq . Regarding Libya , Leno asked the president for his reaction to the death of longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi . "  This is somebody who for 40 years has terrorized his country and supported terrorism , " Obama said . Gadhafi "  had an opportunity during the Arab Spring to finally let loose of his grip on power and to peacefully transition into democracy . We gave him ample opportunity , and he would n't do it . " Obama said Gadhafi 's demise sent "  a strong message around the world to dictators " that "  people long to be free , " and that "  universal rights " and aspirations should be respected . The bloodied Gadhafi 's televised jostling with his captors was not something Americans "  should relish , " the president said "  There was a reason after  Osama  bin Laden was killed , for example , we did n't release the photograph , " the president said . "  I think that there 's a certain decorum with which you treat the dead -- even if it 's somebody who has done terrible things . " The president hit back at GOP critics of the American role in the NATO-led Libya campaign , insisting that the United States did not , as many have claimed , "  lead from behind . " "  We lead from the front , " Obama asserted , highlighting the U.S. role in pushing a U.N. resolution backing NATO 's intervention , as well as the U.S. military 's role in establishing a no-fly zone over Libya . "  The difference here is we were able to organize the international community , " Obama said . "  There was never this sense that somehow we were unilaterally making a decision to take out somebody . Rather , it was the world community . " The Libya operation "  is a recipe for success in the future , " the president declared . Obama also defended his choice to withdraw all U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of the year -- a decision blasted by GOP critics concerned the move will imperil U.S. gains in the region . "  I do n't know exactly how they are thinking about it , " Obama said . "  We 've been in there for years , over 4,000 young men and women killed , tens of thousands injured , some of them for life ,  and  spent close to $ 1 trillion on this operation . I think the vast majority of the American people feel as if it is time to bring this war to a close , particularly because we still have ... work to do in Afghanistan . " The president noted the importance of the recent death of Anwar al-Awlaki , the U.S.-born cleric killed in Yemen by a U.S. drone strike . Al-Awlaki played a critical role with Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , heading up external operations and focusing on attacking the United States , officials said . Al-Awlaki was "  probably the most important al Qaeda threat that was out there after bin Laden was taken out , " Obama said . "  It was important that working with the enemies , we were able to remove him from the field . " Turning closer to home , Obama had strong praise for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- his toughest competitor for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 . "  I 'm really proud of her , " Obama said . "  It really was n't that difficult " to come together after the campaign . "  The truth is Hillary and I agree on the vast majority of issues . " Obama appeared to dismiss rumors of a possible job swap between Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden in 2012 , telling Leno that "  they are doing great where they are . " The president expressed a degree of sympathy for the Occupy Wall Street movement , noting that "  people are frustrated , and that frustration has expressed itself in a lot of different ways " -- including both Occupy Wall Street and the tea party . As a huge basketball fan , the president called the current NBA lockout "  heartbreaking . " "  We should be able to figure out how to split a $ 9 billion dollar pot so that our fans , who are allowing us to make all of this money , can actually have a good season , " he said . Asked about his health and personal habits , Obama told Leno that he has "  definitively " quit smoking , and remains "  big on exercise . " The president said he works out on a regular basis with first lady Michelle Obama in a small White House gym . "  It 's embarrassing sometimes , " the president said . "  She 'll get up there a half an hour earlier than me . She will have already run 10 miles or something ...  when I 'm  staggering up to the gym . " Noting the first lady 's highly publicized campaign for fitness and healthier eating habits , Obama said his wife actually does enjoy more unhealthy cuisine on occasion . "  She loves french fries . She loves pizza . She loves chicken . Her point is just in moderation , " Obama told Leno . As for the upcoming Halloween holiday , the president said his wife generally hands out fruit and raisins . The president said he told his wife that "  the White House is going to get egged if this keeps up . "	NEW : Obama jokes White House may get egged if first lady hands out fruit and raisins on Halloween Obama appears on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " Obama says he wo n't pay attention to the GOP primary until it 's down to one or two candidates Obama tells Leno that Gadhafi 's death sends "  a strong message " to other dictators
CNN  -- The son of Gabon 's former president was declared the winner of the country 's presidential elections on Thursday , sparking violent protests in some parts of the West African nation . Two men walk by tyres set on fire by opposition supporters in Libreville , Gabon . Voters went to the polls Sunday to elect a successor to President Omar Bongo , who died in June after more than four decades in office . Bongo , 73 , was Africa 's longest-serving ruler . In a live announcement Thursday on Gabonese television , Interior Minister Jean Francois Ndongou said Ali Bongo received 41.73 percent of the votes in Sunday 's election , with former interior minister Andre Mba Obame getting 25.88 percent and main opposition leader Pierre Mamboundou winning 25.22 percent . Opposition supporters protested the results outside the French consulate in the oil-rich city of Port-Gentil , on the country 's coast . A fire broke out at the consulate during the demonstrations , a French official told CNN . The official did not want his name to be used . Some people were seriously injured in the blaze , the official said . In his first address to the nation shortly after the results were announced , Ali Bongo , 50 , promised to work to improve living conditions for all Gabonese by a redistribution of the country 's riches , according to Gabonese media reports . The country has multiple lucrative natural resources , including oil , timber , minerals and gems . Before the results were made public , all three candidates had previously claimed victory , with the opposition candidates denouncing what they said was fraud in the election and vote-counting . Security forces patrolled the streets in the Gabonese capital of Libreville , where violence broke out in some quarters when the results were released , according to French media reports . Libreville was deserted because residents had fled to villages for fear of post-election violence , Andriankoto Ratozamanana told CNN by phone from the capital . "  The citizens wo n't accept if Ali Bongo wins , because that will mean the government stole the vote , " Ratozamanana said . "  They want change . They do n't want Bongo , because he is his dad 's son . " The younger Bongo , a former defense minister , was one of 23 politicians originally in the ballot . Several candidates pulled out a few days before the vote to support the opposition , said Archippe Yepmou , a media activist . The elder Bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after the country 's independence from France . He imposed one-party rule a year after succeeding the country 's first president , who died in office . He allowed multiparty elections after a new constitution in 1991 , but his party retained its grip on the government despite that . The nation of about 1.5 million has a per capita income four times that of most sub-Saharan African nations , according to the CIA World Factbook . Despite its wealth , which also comes from timber exports , a large percentage of its population lives in poverty because of poor financial management and a huge gap between the rich and the poor . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	Ali Bongo , son of Gabon 's former president declared the winner of election Opposition supporters protest outside the French consulate in city of Port-Gentil Voters went to the polls on Sunday to elect successor to President Omar Bongo
CNN  -- Substitute Didier Drogba missed a last minute penalty as Premier League champions Chelsea drew 1-1 at rivals Tottenham in a thrilling London derby on Sunday . Drogba , who had earlier scored the equalizing goal for the visitors , saw his spot-kick superbly saved by Heurelho Gomes -- after the Brazilian goalkeeper had clattered into compatriot Ramires in the penalty area . Chelsea had come into the match in poor form , with a run of just one win in six league games seeing them slide down the table from top to fourth position . And another defeat looked on the cards for Carlo Ancelotti 's side when Roman Pavlyuchenko gave Tottenham a 15th-minute lead . Strike partner Jermain Defoe looked just offside when collecting a long ball , but play was allowed to continue and his ball into the box was well controlled in one touch by Russian Pavlyuchenko , before his second touch found the bottom corner of Peter Cech 's net . Drogba , who was relegated to the bench by manager Ancelotti after a run of just two goals in 11 games in all competitions , was brought on in the second half and he made his mark in the 70th minute when his snapshot proved much too hot for Gomes to handle . Both sides had chances to claim all three points in an end-to-end contest but Drogba 's last-gasp miss ensured the points were eventually shared . The result means Arsenal stay top of the table ahead of their crunch visit to Manchester United on Monday . The Gunners lead Manchester City on goal difference , with Manchester United and Chelsea just a point behind in third and fourth -- in the closest title race in recent seasons . Tottenham remain in fifth place after the draw , a further four points behind , with Bolton in sixth after defeating Blackburn 2-1 on Sunday despite the second-half dismissal of midfielder Mark Davies . The other match on Sunday saw second-from-bottom Wolverhampton improve their chances of avoiding the drop , as Stephen Hunt 's goal gave them a 1-0 victory over West Midlands rivals Birmingham .	Didier Drogba misses a late penalty as Chelsea draw 1-1 at Tottenham on Sunday Drogba 's injury time spot-kick was saved by Brazilian goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes Drogba had equalized for the visitors after Roman Pavlyuchenko scored for Spurs
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- After a chorus of cries for social justice echoed through the streets of Brazil for days , protesters called for a time out Wednesday . Despite the anticipated lull in street marches , the government will beef up security with the deployment of elite police officers and firefighters . The protests , which started over a hike in bus fares , have had some effect . On Wednesday , the state of Sao Paulo announced that the hike in bus fares would be reversed , state media reported . In addition , a handful of states have passed laws to lower the price of a city bus ticket since protests began , and politicians elsewhere showed signs of bending to the public pressure , saying they may also notch fares back down . Sao Paulo Mayor Fernando Haddad had earlier warned that eliminating the fare hikes would mean less investment in other areas , but in the end erased the increases . Not satisfied Protesters say the poorest are being short-changed while the government spends the large bills on new stadiums and glitzy infrastructure for the soccer World Cup Brazil is hosting next year and the Olympic Games coming in 2016 . They complain that corruption is driving up the costs . The country 's investment in those projects includes money for health and public transportation , Deputy Sports Minister Luis Fernandes has said . "  There is absolutely nothing contradictory between organizing a World Cup and investing in health and education , " he said . But such assurances have not been enough for protesters , who will crank marches back up Thursday . Tens of thousands have confirmed online that they will take to the streets once more cry to out against high taxes and living costs , and for better health care and better education . Bigger , more festive Wednesday 's day off is nothing out of the ordinary for Brazilian protesters , who also took Saturday and Sunday off . But it stands in glaring contrast to the loud , voluminous demonstrations that reverberated across several cities a day earlier . Crowds originally protesting bus fares grew into multitudes decrying social injustice on Tuesday as broad avenues filled to capacity for blocks . There were over 200,000 confirmed participants , according to the main organizer , the Free Fare Movement . The protests come amid the soccer Confederations Cup tournament , a friendly array of matches , in which the host country , Brazil , plays against a small group of national teams from around the globe . The cup serves as a precursor to the World Cup . The National Force , made up of specially trained firefighters and police officers , will deploy to states hosting the games , the Ministry of Justice said late Tuesday . The government has stressed that the force 's mission is to mediate and not repress . Brazil 's president , Dilma Rousseff , told peaceful protesters Tuesday that their message was being heard . She praised them as active participants in democracy and said her government is committed to "  social transformation . " Police for the most part stood back , and the atmosphere has grown festive and loud , with throngs singing and beating drums . Are you there ? Share photos or video , but stay safe "  It actually reminded me of Carnival in Rio , " protester Fernando Jones said . "  All along the avenue , people supporting the cause kept switching their lights on and off in their offices and shouting their support from the windows . " Path of rubble But hidden in the peaceful multitudes were bands of rowdies , who kicked down doors and broke windows ; looted shops , tipped over cars and set them on fire . It left a trail of rubble down the protest routes . Amandeep Gill woke up to the smoldering aftermath Tuesday morning . The American , who lives and works in Rio de Janeiro , took video of smashed store fronts as he arrived at his workplace and posted it to CNN iReport . Smoke rose out of looted shops . Across the street , a row of ATMs stood bashed , with their electronic guts hanging out . His colleagues saw the trouble ignite the night before from their office window , they told him . "  They witnessed a car set on fire in front of our building , " Gill said . "  They told me they were worried that the building would catch on fire . " While asking police to back off from peaceful protesters , Dilma has condemned "  isolated and minor acts of violence , " telling police to confront them "  with vigor . " Gill 's colleagues in Rio wo n't let vandalism keep them off the streets . Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo ; Mariano Castillo wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Micheal Pearson , Marilia Brocchetto and Ben Brumfield also contributed to this report .	NEW : State of Sao Paulo reverses bus fare hike Main organizers say the protesters will take a break , but hit the streets again Thursday Politicians have bent under the pressure , but protesters are not satisfied "  The money is there " for social programs , protest spokeswoman says
EW  -- Jess may be in a new relationship with Nick , but an eligible bachelor is about to catch her eye . His name ? Taye Diggs . Well , actually , his name is Artie , but that does n't sound quite as dangerous . ` New Girl ' season 3 preview : 8 scoops from Zooey Deschanel and Liz Meriwether EW has learned that the "  Private Practice " veteran will guest-star in an episode of Fox 's "  New Girl " as Artie , a self-assured ladies ' man who meets Jess  Zoey Deschanel  and Cece  Hannah Simone  at the bar while Nick  Jake Johnson  is out on a guys ' night . Diggs â $ " who hits the big screen next week in the romantic comedy "  Baggage Claim " -- will shoot his scenes next week . ` New Girl ' season 3 premiere : Paradise by the Dashboard Light The episode , which is slated to air later this fall , also marks the return of Coach  Damon Wayans , Jr.  , who was last seen in the show 's pilot . The "  Happy Endings " alum has signed on for a multiple-episode arc . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Taye Diggs is set to play an eligible bachelor on "  New Girl " He 'll guest star in an episode as a self-assured ladies ' man The scene is slated to air later this fall
CNN  -- Robert Downey Jr. 's son Indio is in trouble with the law . Indio Falconer Downey , 20 , was arrested Sunday on drug possession charges . He 's since been released on bail . "  Indio Downey was a passenger in a vehicle stopped around 2 p.m. Sunday , " according to West Hollywood Sheriff 's Station Sgt. Dave Valentine . "  Downey was found to be in possession of what officers believed to be cocaine as well as a smoking pipe . Downey was arrested for possession of a controlled substance and drug paraphernalia , and posted bail around 9 p.m. that same evening . " Robert Downey Jr. 's representative released a statement saying that Downey was "  grateful to the Sheriff 's department for their intervention . " "  Unfortunately there 's a genetic component to addiction and Indio has likely inherited it , " the rep said . "  Also , there is a lot of family support and understanding , and we 're all determined to rally behind him and help him become the man he 's capable of being . We 're grateful to the Sheriff 's department for their intervention , and believe Indio can be another recovery success story instead of a cautionary tale . " The elder Downey had several well-publicized issues with drug addiction in the 1990s . He went through treatment a number of times , including a year in the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison , before finally getting clean in 2001 . Indio Downey is the son of Downey and his first wife , Deborah Falconer . Downey and Falconer divorced in 2004 after almost 12 years of marriage .	Indio Downey , Robert Downey Jr. 's son , arrested Sunday "  Indio has likely inherited " genetic component for addiction , said rep Robert Downey Jr. had drug issues in the '90s
Liancourt , Haiti  CNN  -- She gingerly walked from the car and shuffled up the small hill , her eyes welled in tears . The first sight of her daughter 's grave was too much for Beatrice Elan to bear . She began to scream and flail . "  Anna , Anna , Anna , " Elan cried , while two family members struggled to restrain her . On Thursday , Elan 's 11-year-old daughter , Anaika St. Louis , became another victim of a tragedy unforgiving to both the old and the young . Just hours earlier that day , CNN brought Anaika 's story to the world . For 48 hours she had lain trapped under the rubble since a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck Haiti on Tuesday . Her right leg was crushed and pinned by a steel beam . "  My lord God , save me ! " she cried . Her screams were chilling . Share your tributes to victims of the Haiti earthquake No rescue teams could be found . Caring neighbors and family desperately tried to cut through steel using a hacksaw . CNN correspondent Ivan Watson and photojournalist Dominic Swann , climbed up into the crevice that trapped Anaika , and brought her water and granola bars . She reached out to hold their hands when she was scared . Volunteers gave Anaika a pair of glasses to protect her eyes from the dirt . "  She spent 3 days in the hole . All that time saying , ` My God , I do n't want to die . I want to live , " said her aunt Etiana Jean-Baptiste . On Thursday night , neighbors found a power saw and a portable generator . Soon after , Anaika was free . But a happy ending eluded this story . Anaika was rushed to a doctor , who could only offer some mild pain killers . The doctor told the family that they had to get Anaika to a hospital about three hours away . Her uncle said Anaika was bleeding internally . She was so incredibly strong , he said , and was willing to have her leg amputated , to live . "  She say , ` Thank you , God . Because He save my life , " said Rodreffe Jean-Baptiste , in broken English . "  If I lose my feet . I always had my life , " he recalled his niece saying . But before the night was over , Anaika was gone . Anaika 's family called her the "  little lawyer , " because she wanted to study law one day . She sang in the choir at church and at school , and seemed to have found a special place in each of her family members ' heart . Her aunt said she was just beautiful . "  She said ... ` Bring me a Bible . There is a psalm I like a lot , which is Psalm 23 , ' " recalled her aunt , Etiana Jean-Baptiste . "  She spent all her time reading the psalm . She said , ` My God , come help me . ' " Anaika 's funeral was held in a church in Liancourt on Friday night and Anaika was buried -- wearing a Girl Scouts uniform and a veil in Liancourt . Liancourt , about two hours away from the devastated capital of Port-au-Prince , escaped the quake 's fury . This is where Anaika 's family has taken refuge -- and where they mourn the passing of a little girl with an angel 's voice .	Anaika St. Louis dies after being rescued She had been trapped in the rubble for 48 hours days CNN crew meets girl while rescue was underway , gives her water , food Family buries girl known as the "  little lawyer " on Friday
CNN  -- The deadly heat wave that has kept much of the eastern and central United States in its grip is expected to hold on longer in some central states this week . Parts of Kansas , Missouri and Oklahoma are under excessive heat warnings until the end of the week , the National Weather Service said Monday . Those areas -- including Wichita , Topeka and Goodland , Kansas ; St. Louis , Kansas City , Springfield and Pleasant Hill , Missouri ; and Tulsa , Oklahoma -- should experience heat indices between 105 and 110 degrees on most days , the weather service said . Parts of Arkansas , Louisiana , Nebraska , North Carolina and Texas are under heat advisories for the remainder of the week as well , according to the service . They can also expect heat indices between 105 and 110 degrees throughout the week . During the weekend , records were set or tied in 41 cities and towns from North Carolina to Maine , AccuWeather.com said . Nationally , more than 20 heat-related deaths were reported last week . To avoid heat stroke or heat exhaustion , the National Weather Service advises people to drink plenty of fluids , stay in air-conditioned rooms and check on neighbors and the elderly . For tips on how to deal with the heat , the Centers for Disease Control has a website devoted to hot temps . CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Excessive-heat warnings and advisories are in effect from central U.S. to Carolina coast More than 20 heat-related deaths were reported across the country last week New heat records are set in 41 cities across the country over the weekend
CNN  -- On the heels of news that an almost-900-year-old heart was stolen from a cathedral in Dublin , Ireland , comes a report of a happier nature about a long-lost almost-500-year-old book that now is back in its Dublin home . There is still no sign of the preserved heart of the city 's patron saint , St. Laurence O'Toole . It was snatched from the iron cage where it was kept in Christ Church Cathedral at the start of March and has disappeared without trace . But the new and unlikely tale of the book could give hope to those seeking the heart and all things long lost . Again , the drama is set in the Irish capital and there is a church connection . The book , missing for a century , has turned up in "  remarkably good condition " and has been returned to grateful staff at Archbishop Marsh 's Library in Dublin . The hero of the story is an Irish barrister who plucked the tome from a junk shop . The attorney paid the princely sum of â ‚ ¬ 90  about $ 119  , picking up an antique mirror into the bargain . Realizing there was something rather special about the book , he brought it to Marsh 's Library , where the librarians recognized it as their own . The book is the middle part of a five-volume set of the complete works of the Greek philosopher and physician Galen . It was published in Basel , Switzerland , in 1538 , and had been in the Dublin library 's collection since 1701 . Jason McElligott , keeper of Marsh 's Library , tells the story : "  About 100 years ago volume three went missing from the shelves . " But last Friday , "  out of the blue , a member of the public who had been browsing in a junk shop in the center of Dublin came in to us and said he had bought something and wondered if it might belong to us . " Library staff members said they were delighted to "  welcome back an old friend . " After conservation work , it 's hoped the book can be returned to fill the 100-year-old gap in the shelves this summer .	A book missing from Archbishop Marsh 's Library in Dublin for 100 years is back home A barrister buys it at a junk shop and brings it to the library The library is delighted to "  welcome back an old friend "
STOCKHOLM , Sweden  CNN  -- Four men behind a Swedish file-sharing Web site used by millions to exchange movies and music have been found guilty of collaborating to violate copyright law in a landmark court verdict in Stockholm . A Pirate Bay server , confiscated by police last year , on display in Stockholm 's Technical Museum . The four defendants -- Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi and Carl Lundstrom , three founders and one patron of The Pirate Bay -- were sentenced to one year in jail and also ordered to pay 30 million kronor  $ 3.6 million  in damages to several major media companies including Warner Brothers , Columbia , Twentieth Century Fox , Sony BMG and EMI . The defendants are free without restrictions while they appeal the judgment . The Pirate Bay allows users to exchange files including movies , music , games and software , but does not host the files itself . It claims more than 3.5 million registered users . The court case , which involved both a criminal case and a civil claim brought by the media companies , marks a key victory for anti-piracy campaigners , who had long targeted the Web site . Should the perpetrators of Internet piracy be punished ? Have your say The year-long prison terms are for violating Swedish law , while the damages are compensation to the media giants in the civil case -- though the court ordered the men to pay just one-third of the 110 million kronor  $ 13 million  which the companies had asked for . Friday 's verdict did not include an order to shut down The Pirate Bay site . Its owners have consistently shrugged off legal threats and police raids , posting letters from entertainment industry lawyers on their Web site with mocking responses . When Dreamworks studio demanded that the site act over file-sharing of Dreamworks ' movie "  Shrek 2 , " The Pirate Bay threatened to sue for harassment and lodge a formal complaint "  for sending frivolous legal threats . " "  It is the opinion of us and our lawyers that you are ... morons , " the response continued , suggesting that studio representatives perform a sexual act . The response closed with an obscenity . Site owners dismissed the effects of a police raid in 2006 , saying the site had been down longer on other occasions due to illness or drunkenness than when "  the U.S. and Swedish government forces the police to steal our servers ... yawn . " But Magnus Eriksson , who in 2003 co-founded the "  loosely formed group of theorists , artists and programmers " that spawned The Pirate Bay , says there are serious issues at stake . He does not think copyrighted material should be free for everyone , "  but that it already is . " "  The control over what people communicate is lost and we have to adapt to this new state of things , " he said via e-mail . "  To monitor all communications , fight all new digital technologies and spread a culture of fear in what should be a free and open communication network is not a desirable option . " Entertainment companies claim The Pirate Bay has hurt their box office profits , part of an annual loss the Motion Picture Association of America claims to be about $ 6 billion a year worldwide . "  Hollywood studios are businesses . They 're there to make money , " said association lawyer Thomas Dillon . "  It costs $ 100 million to make a feature film , so of course they 're quite keen to get some back . So I do n't accept this argument that there 's some benefit to culture in allowing people to make copies of commercial films and getting them for free . " Monique Wadsted , a Swedish lawyer for the MPAA , said The Pirate Bay was also harming individual artists . A victory for the entertainment companies "  will , of course , be for all authors all around the world , some kind of redress ... because what is going on now is actually a plundering of the author 's works , " she said via e-mail . "  If some authors find it good to market their products using file-sharing or whatever , they are free to do that , " she added . "  But that is not what is happening at the moment . What 's happening at the moment is that authors ' and rights holders ' works are file-shared against their will and that is not acceptable . " She argued that The Pirate Bay "  is specifically tailored for copyright infringement . " The prosecution claims the site provides a search engine that helps people find and download copyrighted material including movies , music and games -- in effect , enabling copyright theft . The site 's supporters say they 're doing nothing wrong under Swedish law because the site does n't actually put the copyrighted material on the Web site . Internet piracy and illegal downloading from peer-to-peer systems are some of the biggest piracy problems in Europe , the MPAA argues . Internet piracy is growing at a faster rate in Europe than anywhere else in the world , the MPAA says , because of increased broadband use , weak laws , and lenient public perceptions . Sweden 's official efforts to battle online piracy have been weak , the MPAA says . Eriksson , the co-founder of the group that led to The Pirate Bay , says the MPAA 's argument that file-sharing hurts movie studio revenues is "  nonsense . " "  Cinema is doing better than ever , " he said by e-mail . "  They only claim this because they calculate losses by looking at the number of downloads and imagining that all of them would have been a purchase if they had n't been downloaded first . " Eriksson said what was at stake in the Swedish courtroom was the future of the Internet itself . "  The Internet revolution meant that we created a global network where any digital entity could connect and exchange information with any other , " he said . "  Anti-piracy efforts must be seen in the light of a counter-revolution against this that goes all the way to the very infrastructure of the net . " He suggested that even if The Pirate Bay is convicted of facilitating making works public through its indexing service , which he does not expect , Internet piracy will not stop . "  The prosecution ca n't understand that The Pirate Bay is just one stratification of a social and technological change that is decentralized , " he said . "  Piracy does not have a head that you can cut off , and The Pirate Bay is just a technology allowing communication , a part of the Internet infrastructure . " CNN 's Neil Curry in Stockholm , Sweden , and Mairi Mackay in London , England , contributed to this report .	Four men sentenced to a year , fined $ 3.6 M in Sweden over file-sharing Web site Prosecutors said The Pirate Bay lets users download copyrighted material Site allows users to exchange movies , music , games , but does not host the files Supporters said The Pirate Bay does n't put copyrighted material on Web site
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's trip to Vietnam , Thailand and Indonesia underscores that the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  remains the cornerstone of Japan 's Asian diplomacy . Before cutting his trip short to deal with the kidnapping of Japanese nationals in Algeria , Abe commented , "  Open seas are public assets and Japan will do utmost to protect them by cooperating with ASEAN . China 's economic rise is definitely a plus for Japan but it is important for China to act responsibly as part of international society . " Coming amid an escalating territorial dispute with China over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands , it appears that Abe 's diplomacy aims to strengthen Japan 's hand vis-a-vis China . Ironically , during his last visit to the region back when he was previously premier in 2007 , Abe promoted an Arc of Freedom and Prosperity . At that time the reaction to this values-based initiative aimed at containing China was lukewarm . Now China 's muscle flexing in the region has everyone worried . Beijing 's growing assertiveness in territorial disputes has raised tensions and left China diplomatically isolated . While everyone is concerned about Abe 's revisionist views concerning Japan 's wartime history , especially his caviling about the "  comfort women , " there is widespread appreciation in the region for Japan 's post-WWII contributions to peace and development . ASEAN has no concerns that Japan represents a threat to regional stability , but the same can not be said for China . Abe is on a mission to reinvigorate the Japanese economy , win control of the upper house of the Diet  National Assembly  in summer elections and push through constitutional revision to remove constraints on Japan 's military . Hounded from office in 2007 because of his poor political skills and failures to address voters ' economic anxieties , Abe II seeks redemption and has hit the ground running . He has publicly pressured the Bank of Japan to adopt unlimited monetary easing and a 2 % inflation target , unveiled a $ 117 billion fiscal stimulus package , sent his finance and foreign ministers on key diplomatic missions to Southeast Asia and Australia , and dispatched an envoy to South Korea to reach out to new President Park Gyeun-hye . This flurry of diplomatic activity is driven by economic and security concerns . Japanese companies are investing heavily in the growth prospects of Southeast Asia . Japan is a leading economic partner overall and Abe seeks to reassure its partners , and voters at home , that Japan will remain a major global player . When the Democratic Party of Japan  DPJ  took over in 2009 , PM Yukio Hatoyama promoted warmer ties with Beijing , but that strategy has not exactly worked out . Chinese maritime and aerial probing in the disputed territory in the East China Sea has escalated security concerns and also damaged economic relations . It has been assumed that economic relations would continue to prosper despite chilly political relations , but that calculus no longer holds . Japanese business has played a key role in China 's rapid rise , and will continue to do so , but on a lesser scale as the mood has soured dramatically . ASEAN 's GDP is less than a third the size of China , but the region is resource-rich , has a lot of untapped growth potential and represents a good hedge against political risk in China . Much has been made of the Obama strategic pivot to Asia involving the reallocation of U.S. security assets to a region where Washington sees the greatest economic opportunities and security risks . While the U.S. was distracted by wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , there was a perception of policy drift towards the Asia-Pacific , leaving China to expand its influence . The Obama Administration talks about cooperation with Beijing on key issues , but seems to have settled into a "  contain and isolate " mode . Abe is also pivoting . He has called for a $ 1 billion  2.6 %  increase in defense spending and will build six new Coast Guard patrol vessels . He also included significant security-related logistical support in his fiscal stimulus package , is shifting security assets to Okinawa in southwestern Japan and is establishing a Coast Guard patrol group that will focus on monitoring Chinese probing in the disputed territory . Abe also seeks to modify defense guidelines to facilitate expanded security cooperation with the U.S. Part two of the Abe pivot is expected following the Upper House elections . If the LDP succeeds in winning it will hold the reins in both houses of the Diet , creating an opportunity for him to push through his longstanding agenda of removing constitutional constraints on the military . While this will prove controversial at home , and in a region where memories of Japan 's wartime excesses still resonate , Washington welcomes the prospect of enhanced burden sharing . China 's decade of smile diplomacy -- aimed at reassuring the region that a rising China is not a threat -- has imploded and its feistiness has only increased its diplomatic isolation . Equally , Japan 's rightward political shift and the Abe pivot could backfire , alienating the region while stoking tensions . The current test of wills and ratcheting up the saber rattling is a dangerous dead-end . Quiet diplomacy and a cooling off period leading Beijing and Tokyo to hand each other a ladder to climb down might prove more helpful in averting some grave miscalculation over the divisive islets . Renunciation of military solutions after all , is a cornerstone of Japan 's post-WWII success and high esteem in the region .	Kingston : It appears that Abe 's diplomacy aims to strengthen Japan 's hand vis-a-vis China Beijing 's growing assertiveness in territorial disputes has raised tensions , left China diplomatically isolate Japan 's new prime minister is on a mission to reinvigorate the Japanese economy Abe seeking to reassure partners , voters at home , that Japan will remain a major global player
Berlin  CNN  -- Twenty-five years on from the fall of the Berlin Wall , much has changed . But former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the lessons learned back then could help restore calm to today 's increasingly volatile world . Speaking to CNN in Berlin , where he is attending anniversary celebrations , Gorbachev called for efforts to rebuild trust between East and West and for leaders to again work together for the common good . "  A lot depends on America , Europe , Russia -- they have to work together more productively , " he said . "  We have to reestablish the cooperation and the trust that has been destroyed . We must start by dialogue -- we must meet and not just talk past each other . " Gorbachev , now 83 , is often praised for his decision to avoid using force to quell uprisings in Eastern Europe , helping pave the way for Berlin Wall to fall in 1989 . While Soviet leader -- from 1985 until his resignation in 1991 -- he embarked on a process of change and increased openness to the West that became known as "  perestroika . " He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990 for helping end the Cold War . Now , with the conflict in Ukraine plunging East-West relations to their lowest point since then , many wonder what might happen next , as a bullish Russia seems determined to forge its own course despite pressure from the West . Leaders today ` looking askance at each other ' While the nuclear weapon reduction agreements signed at the end of the Cold War still have a positive influence , Gorbachev said , current events in Europe could undermine the situation . "  Straight after the end of the Cold War , when we signed those important agreements , we used to be more peaceful , people trusted more . People trusted that things got better , " he said . "  Now is a troublesome time . Let us not engage in mutual accusations , let us rebuild the trust that has been wrecked and let us cooperate , let us look for ways out of any difficult situation , " he said . Defeating radical groups like ISIS "  requires a common effort on our part , " he said . But while the possibilities and the resources are there , leading countries have been looking to serve their own advantage . This is wrong , he said , and the first steps to correct it must include political decision making and dialogue . Some people 's impression that things have moved backward today is correct , he said , adding , "  this is because the common approach has been destroyed . " When leaders took decisions on nuclear disarmament or on ending the Cold War , he said , "  with all these things we were meeting each other halfway , we cooperated . But now we are just looking askance at each other . " Report : Ex-Soviet leader Gorbachev leaves hospital Media ` sow division and mistrust ' Gorbachev said some irresponsible media outlets were fueling international tensions . The media should convey the truth , he said , rather than taking part in "  information warfare " that "  sows division and mistrust . " He characterized recent reports of Russia sending tanks and troops into Ukraine as examples of dangerously irresponsible reporting . Gorbachev called for those who benefit from manipulating media coverage to be revealed , even if that carries some risk to those doing the revealing . He did not single out any media outlets , but said it is up to politicians to prevent "  information warfare " while also defending freedom of the press and civil institutions . Asked what lesson people should draw from the historic events of 25 years ago , Gorbachev said : "  We made the right choice . We made the right decision , these decisions required courage , these decisions required a lot of work -- and this is the only right approach , acting responsibly , acting with a view to common efforts . " No one can single-handedly solve the problems of the world today , he said , even America . Gorbachev : Obama must stand firm As for President Barack Obama , the former Soviet leader had some positive words -- and encouragement for the difficult days ahead for the President 's Democratic Party , which was hammered in the midterm elections . His election in 2008 was a response to the American people 's desire for change and reform -- their own perestroika , Gorbachev said . "  At first he showed himself as a person who could be trusted , a smart person , an intelligent person , and his first term I would say he was quite satisfactory , " Gorbachev said . Now , with both the House and Senate in Republican hands and a raft of other problems stacking up , Obama must "  stand firm , " he said . "  It 's not the most important thing to be in power . It 's important to withstand the pressure of those who would like to bend your knees . " CNN 's Jim Clancy reported from Berlin and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Mikhail Gorbachev : America , Europe , Russia must work together more productively "  We have to reestablish the cooperation and the trust that has been destroyed , " he says Gorbachev is in Berlin to mark the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall Former Soviet leader says leaders must work for the common good , not their own benefit
Finley Boyle , a 3-year-old Hawaii girl who suffered massive brain damage after undergoing a dental procedure last month , died Friday night , a hospice said Saturday . The girl died with her family by her side , said Kenneth L. Zeri , president and chief professional officer of Hospice Hawaii . "  There are few greater privileges in life than to accompany someone on their end-of-life journey , providing comfort and support not only to that person but also to their loved ones , " the statement said . "  As with all of our patients , we were truly blessed to be able to be there for The Boyle Family and for Finley at the end of her journey . " Finley 's parents are suing a Kailua , Hawaii , dentist , alleging negligence and dangerous conduct . The lawsuit , filed against Lilly Geyer and her practice , Island Dentistry for Children , alleges improper medications with incorrect dosages were administered to the girl on December 3 , according to court documents filed this week . When routine surgeries go wrong "  As a direct and proximate result of the medications administered to  Finley  by defendants ,  Finley  suffered cardiac arrest during her dental procedure , " the lawsuit says . It alleges that , as a further result of improper medications , Finley "  suffered severe and permanent brain damage . " Neither Geyer nor her attorney , John Nishimoto , responded to CNN 's requests for comment . The Island Dentistry website states it has been permanently closed and directs patients to an e-mail address . The lawsuit , filed Monday in Hawaii 's First Circuit Court , alleges that Geyer had no plan in place to respond to medical emergencies , such as the one Finley suffered . It seeks unspecified damages . Girl declared brain dead after tonsil surgery Finley 's mother , Ashley Boyle , said she first took her daughter to the dentist in November , when she was told her daughter needed six fillings and four root canals , she said . They returned in December to undergo the root canals , Boyle said . The parents allege that Finley was sedated and left unmonitored for 26 minutes . Finley was moved from a hospital to the hospice in late December . Finley 's pediatric neurologist , Dr. Gregory Yen , said MRIs showed the girl suffered severe brain damage and that she was in a "  persistent vegetative state . " 10 shocking medical mistakes	Girl 's parents are suing a dentist alleging negligence and dangerous conduct They allege she was given improper medications with incorrect dosages Finley Boyle suffered cardiac arrest and brain damage , the lawsuit alleges The dentist has not responded to requests for comment
CNN  -- The H1N1 virus has been confirmed in a sample taken from a pig that was displayed at the Minnesota State Fair , the first time the virus has been found in a U.S. pig , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday . The Department of Agriculture quickly issued a statement saying the food supply is safe . "  We have fully engaged our trading partners to remind them that several international organizations , including the World Organization for Animal Health , have advised that there is no scientific basis to restrict trade in pork and pork products , " Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in the statement . "  People can not get this flu from eating pork or pork products . Pork is safe to eat . " The announcement came three days after health officials announced that three pigs that were displayed during the fair had tested positive in a preliminary test for the H1N1 flu virus . Final results on the other two pigs have not been announced . "  This , of course , may be the first indication that it is present in some swine here in the United States , " Gene Hugoson , commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Agriculture , told reporters in a conference call on Friday . The U.S. Department of Agriculture National veterinary services laboratories conducted the confirmatory testing on the sample collected at the fair , held in Saint Paul , Minnesota , between August 26 and September 1 . Further testing is ongoing . The pigs sampled showed no signs of sickness and were apparently healthy , the officials said . The samples collected were part of a joint University of Iowa and University of Minnesota research project funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine whether animals at such events had the infection . "  Like people , swine routinely get sick or contract influenza viruses , " Vilsack said . The misconception that the virus , sometimes called the swine flu , could be contracted through eating pork has hurt sales of the meat in the wake of the expanding pandemic . This year 's crowd of 1.79 million attendees was a record . Though an outbreak of H1N1 was reported among a group of 4-H ` ers who had attended the fair , officials said it was unlikely they contracted the virus from the animals , since few of them had contact with the pigs . The report came as no surprise to experts , since herds in other countries , including Argentina , Canada , Ireland and Norway , have been infected with H1N1 . Pigs that do get sick with H1N1 typically recover from it , the officials said . The officials said the display animals likely were sent to slaughter . Even if they were slaughtered while still infected , that would not be an issue for anyone eating the meat , said Dr. Jeff Bender , co-director of the University of Minnesota Center for Animal Health and Food Safety . "  This virus is not in muscle tissue , so if these animals were slaughtered or processed there would be no risk to the public . " A vaccine to protect swine from H1N1 is under development but is not yet commercially available , one official said .	First time the virus has been found in a U.S. pig , Department of Agriculture says Pork and pork products still safe to eat , Agriculture Secretary says Three pigs on display at Minnesota fair tested positive in preliminary H1N1 test
CNN  -- The Year of the Gamer . Does 2013 actually deserve that title ? Among video-game enthusiasts , the year was nearly consumed by the official announcement , subsequent speculation about , and ultimate release of Sony 's PlayStation 4 and Microsoft 's Xbox One home consoles . Controversy and questions from gamers followed each long-awaited console until their arrival in homes began in November . Both clearly sparked lots of interest . Sony is reporting 2.1 million in global PS4 sales , while Microsoft says it 's sold more than 2 million Xbox Ones . Both are poised to hit large , but slightly different audiences . Sony is going after the hardcore , dedicated gamer while Microsoft is positioning their device as an entertainment hub for the whole family . Either way , both are expected to do very well and create a huge demand for games and other content well into 2014 . Nintendo , who led the next-generation charge in 2012 with the Wii U , spent much of the year concentrating on developing games for their new console . Battling a soft reception for the Wii U , the company released a wide range of games for hardcore players as well as casual , family-friendly titles , including a return of the always-popular Mario in the new "  Super Mario 3D World . " Their handheld console , the Nintendo 3DS , continued to be a boon for the company . It 's regularly the company 's best-selling platform , and the release of "  Pokemon X/Y " for the device ushered in a new chapter in the long-running franchise . They also added to their handheld stable with the Nintendo 2DS , a portable console designed for children . More durable and without the 3D effect , the 2DS was developed for the rough-and-tumble life of a kid . They were n't the only ones with a new entry in the portable market . The Nvidia Shield , released in July , tries bridge PC gaming and portable gaming . It can be used as a PC game controller , uses an Android-based mobile platform and has access to the Google Play store as well as Nvidia 's own TegraZone . Technology advancements are creating more detailed , more responsive , and better quality games for the mobile gaming audience . A new iPhone 64-bit processing chip released in September had developers saying phone games are getting closer to console quality . And analysts are bullish on the future of mobile gaming , predicting revenues to reach $ 13.2 billion by the end of 2013 and nearly double in the next two year . Established PC and console game makers  Firaxis and UbiSoft to name just two  pushed into the mobile market aggressively in 2013 , making games for the casual as well as the dedicated gamer . Mobile games were n't the only winners in 2013 . The massive release of Grand Theft Auto V helped propel consumer spending on gaming to $ 3.45 billion in the third quarter of the year , the best quarter since 2011 , according to The NPD Group . However , it was n't all peaches and cream for the gaming industry in 2013 . Despite a flood of money to some titles , some big-name game companies found themselves on the outside . THQ , a company that created the very popular "  Saints Row " series and held the WWE license , finally broke apart in February with many of its properties being bought up by other companies . Zynga , a major powerhouse in social platform gaming , began shutting down some games , laying off personnel , closing offices and reported losing nearly half its user base from the previous year . Despite the hiring of former Microsoft executive Don Mattrick as Zynga 's new CEO , many top executives also left the company . The landscape of gaming is definitely in flux . The development of new technology is expanding the reach of quality games to more players . Female gamers and parents playing with their kids are growing in numbers and game makers are working on games to reflect that more diverse audience . And with the expansion of the audience comes greater acceptance of the gaming experience in our culture . So if you think 2013 was the Year of the Gamer , just wait until 2014 .	Release of Xbox One , PlayStation 4 topped 2013 gaming news Both consoles have sold millions , aiming for slightly different buyers Mobile gaming advanced with new iPhone chip Social gaming giant Zynga continued to tank in 2013
CNN  -- The remarkable display of civil disobedience by hundreds of thousands of Hong Kong citizens reflects a profound sense of desperation that has grown as China has closed off all political options and made it increasingly clear that it intends to call the shots . In theory , the "  Basic Law " spelling out the terms of the territory 's reversion to Chinese rule was to allow a "  high degree of autonomy , " leaving in place Hong Kong 's rule of law , civil service and free-wheeling capitalist system . This was based on then Chinese President Deng Xiaoping 's clever formulation of "  One Country , Two Systems " and negotiated painstakingly during the 1990s with the Thatcher administration of the United Kingdom . Since 1997 , when Hong Kong reverted to Chinese rule , many of China 's efforts at exerting political influence have been subtle , and , with a few exceptions such as implicitly limiting the press , Hong Kong has more or less been allowed to continue its open economy , legal system and freedom of assembly . But over time , it has appeared more one country and less two systems . The Basic Law envisioned gradual progression to universal suffrage by 2017 . But as that date got closer , Beijing sought to restrict that outcome . In June , China released its first-ever White Paper on Hong Kong , which stresses how Hong Kong 's autonomy has limits . The "  power to run local affairs " remains -- but only "  as authorized by the central leadership . " In other words , your liberty stops when we say so . The White Paper offered other reinterpretations of the 1997 Accord , including the notion that the territory 's judicial decisions must "  take into account the needs of China , " a vague requirement but crystal clear to Hong Kong . On the core issue of democracy , one that has repeatedly brought Hong Kongers from all walks of life into the streets , the White Paper speaks of introducing universal suffrage as promised in the Basic Law by 2017 -- but the requirements to run in the elections are that a candidate must be "  patriotic " and "  love China . " Of course , it is Beijing who determines which candidates meet that criteria . Beijing defined what those requirements mean in a decision on September 4 , namely that all candidates must be chosen by a "  nominating committee " comprised of pro-Beijing local elites . The disappointment in Hong Kong was palpable , sparking the "  Umbrella Revolution " that reached record numbers of tens of thousands in the streets on China 's October 1 National Day holiday . Beijing has been largely silent , preventing the Chinese media from even reporting the protests , with state-run media charging that the clearly homegrown protests are fueled by "  foreign forces . " Protestors are calling on Chief Executive C.Y. Leung to resign . Typically , Beijing prefers local leaders to deal with such crises . The ruling Communist Party sees its legitimacy as fragile and President Xi Jinping can not afford to show any weakness . But Leung appears to have few options . There may be a potential middle ground of compromise , but many doubt that Leung has the flexibility to negotiate with Hong Kong protestors . But Beijing 's Hong Kong problem has implications well beyond the former British colony . As China 's former paramount leader , Deng had introduced the "  One Country , Two Systems " formula with Taiwan in mind . China 's Communist Party-led state has always made the Taiwanese uneasy . Their skepticism has only deepened as they 've watched Beijing 's unelected rulers circumscribe Hong Kong 's freedoms . China 's economic dynamism has also been a locomotive of growth for Hong Kong , Taiwan and much of the region . China-Taiwan "  cross-strait economic integration " has seen more than $ 100 billion in Taiwan investment in the mainland by some estimates , and China is now Taiwan 's largest trade partner . But there is little support in Taiwan for political dialogue aimed at a Hong Kong-like reunification scheme . China has appeared comfortable with ruling KMT President Ma Ying-jeou , who has accelerated cross-strait interaction more than any of his predecessors . Still , popular protests in Taipei against new cross-straits trade accords , and more recently in sympathy with Hong Kong , suggest that the next Taiwan presidential elections in 2016 could result in a Taipei with which Beijing is uncomfortable . In his first statement on Taiwan upon taking office , Xi said , "  The issue of political disagreements that exist between the two sides must reach a final resolution , step by step . These issues can not be passed on from generation to generation . " Beyond Taiwan , China 's assertiveness toward territorial claims in the East and South China Sea has made its neighbors fearful of the implications of China 's re-emergence . Enlightened self-interest would suggest that China find an accommodation within the framework of the Basic Law . But given the stakes perceived by Beijing , China is less concerned about its global image and far more concerned with maintaining control . This leaves Leung between a rock and a hard place . One way forward , without having Beijing 's fingerprints on it , could be to allow Leung to seek a middle ground and negotiate with key opposition figures to end the protests in exchange for broadening the committee that vets candidates and/or offering a means for candidates to run if they attain a petition with a substantive number of signatures . Absent such creativity , it is difficult to see how Hong Kong 's political problem can be resolved in a way that would convince those in the streets to fold up their umbrellas . In the event of an outcome that leaves the status quo in place in Hong Kong , the U.S. administration needs to address its own China dilemma with a China policy that seems to be tilting less toward cooperation and more towards competition : how to impose costs on Beijing for unacceptable behavior .	Hong Kong protests sign of desperation , says ex-U.S. ambassador to China Jon Huntsman Chinese President Xi Jinping can not afford to show any weakness , Huntsman says U.S. must work out how to impose costs on Beijing for unacceptable behavior , he writes
EW.com  -- On Sunday , Lifetime premieres "  Liz & Dick , " its Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton biopic starring Lindsay Lohan and Grant Bowler . Exec producer Larry Thompson openly admits Lohan brought with her a younger demographic  and headlines  but also risk . He first met with Lohan about the project last December but cameras did n't roll until June . "  When we first met with her , she had two probations , and when we finally closed the deal with her , there was only one probation , " Thompson says . "  If we could n't have gotten insurance , there would have been no movie . We wound up having to go to Lloyd 's of London to get what we called incarceration insurance ... . We had to protect ourselves that if she were to have violated her probation during production , we would n't have had to close down and lose our movie . " ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY : How did you approach Grant Bowler after having cast Lindsay ? LARRY THOMPSON : It was n't until I had Grant that I slept . It was n't until I saw Grant Bowler and Lindsay meet in that room and I saw the chemistry that I knew I could make Liz and Dick live again . EW : Was it difficult to cast someone opposite Lindsay knowing he might have concerns ? EW Daily Poll : What will you do on Black Friday ? Thompson : It was . I looked at every actor from Wales there was . I looked at every actor from the U.K. there was . And I wound up hiring a guy from New Zealand to play the most famous Welsh actor of all time . So it 's the magic of Hollywood . I think Grant Bowler is just fantastic in the movie . EW : You were on the set every day . Is there a moment in the movie when you think Lohan most related to Taylor ? Thompson : It was in the ethereal soundstage in black that she most related to Elizabeth Taylor . It was when they 're speaking to camera and breaking the fourth wall . Liz and Dick were the first Brangelina , the most famous hunted couple in the world , the first paparazzi couple that 's given birth to the celebrity-crazed world that we now live in . That 's what fame 's about . Fame is the accumulation of all the good , bad , true , untrue , flattering , and non-flattering things said and written about someone when you become iconic . We respect Liz and Dick so much that we wanted to give them the last word , meaning that fourth-wall interview of them speaking to camera -LSB- throughout the film -RSB- is the two of them speaking from the grave . We decided to dress them in the ultimate thespian outfit . They 're sitting in a director 's chair , in all black . It 's almost like Hollywood heaven . And what they 're saying is , "  Listen , we were this , we were that . The paparazzi said this , the paparazzi said that . All these things written about us â $ " let us tell you what they said about us , what was really going on , and how we really felt about each other . " That device , which was my homage to Elizabeth and Richard , has allowed them the last word on themselves as icons and on what the media and the celebrity-crazed world can do with a couple . Maybe if we had n't had all this attention paid to us , we could have kept it together , but there were too many balls we were trying to keep in the air . That 's what Elizabeth 's saying . That 's what makes it tragic . Liz Taylor ` love nest ' trailer trashed during filming EW : Is there a scene in the movie that you 're sure people will assume is totally made up that you want to assure them is n't ? Thompson : I believe that the scene in which Eddie Fisher comes home to that party , and Richard in front of everybody forces her to confess her love for him in front of Eddie , seems so outrageous , but it is so absolutely true , having been reported many , many times over the years as happening just like that . As is every scene in the movie , by the way . The fact that they were denounced by the Pope , that 's pretty strong . It 's one thing to get a DUI , it 's another thing for the Pope to denounce you ... I know that when I was a kid , I used to go to the movies and when I would watch a true story about someone who was famous , I believed that to be THE movie . People who make movies have to understand the responsibility you have when you make a biopic . You have to be accurate . It takes a lot of effort and painstaking details to make these movies right , down to the wigs that take place over four decades , even after they 're dead . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- That 's hard . EW : Now that you have worked with Lindsay , are you hoping other producers give her a chance ? Thompson : I want the best for Lindsay Lohan and anybody who ever hires her . But they have to know that making a movie with Lindsay Lohan is like jumping out of an airplane at 10,000 feet with a bolt of white nylon , a string , and a sewing machine . You 're building a parachute as fast as you can . Lohan : Keep me on set , it 's safer that way EW : Your next planned biopic is on Oprah Winfrey . Thompson : I 've optioned Kitty Kelley 's book -LSB- Oprah : A Biography -RSB- . We have a fantastic take on her life , and we 're talking to networks now , as we speak , and we 're interviewing writers right now , too . I am from Mississippi , as is Oprah Winfrey , and I believe that her start on a rural country road in Mississippi to the world stage that she lives is a journey that is nothing less than miraculous . I think it will be the most fascinating biopic I 've ever done . I 've made the Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz movie -LSB- Lucy & Desi : Before the Laughter -RSB- . I 've made the Sonny and Cher movie -LSB- And the Beat Goes On : The Sonny and Cher Story -RSB- . I 've made the Duke and Duchess of Windsor movie -LSB- The Woman He Loved -RSB- . And now I 've done Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton . I think the only thing I could follow all those up with would be Oprah . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Larry Thompson says Lohan brought with her a younger demographic and risk He says Liz and Dick "  were the first Brangelina " Thompson will next work on an Oprah Winfrey biopic
CNN  -- Legendary cornerman Angelo Dundee , the man who helped motivate Muhammad Ali and many other boxing champs , died Wednesday , a source close to Ali said . He was 90 . Dundee died Wednesday in Florida from natural causes , Dundee 's son Jimmy Dundee told CNN affiliate WFTS . Dundee , known for being a supreme motivator , was inducted in the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1992 . His biography on its website reads like a who 's who list of boxing royalty . He was hired to be Ali 's trainer and cornerman in 1960 back when the brash-talking , quick-jabbing boxer went by the name Cassius Clay . Dundee was there through Ali 's historic name change , his brawls with George Foreman , "  Smokin " Joe Frazier , Ken Norton and Leon Spinks . He was there all the way toward the end of Ali 's career in his punishing loss to Larry Holmes in 1980 . After watching Ali get battered for round after round , Dundee stopped the fight after the 10th round fighting off objections from others in the corner and the bruised and puffy-eyed Ali . Loquacious sports analyst Howard Cosell described the scene in the corner this way . "  This fight should be stopped . Angelo is telling the referee to stop it . He would not give in . Angelo Dundee . He cared about his fighter too much . " Dundee was also in the corner of Sugar Ray Leonard giving sage advice during some of Leonard 's most memorable fights . During Leonard 's 1981 battle with Tommy Hearns , Dundee uttered the emphatic phrase that some say spurred the listless boxer to a dramatic comeback . Sensing that Leonard was behind on the judge 's scorecards before the 13th round , Dundee leaned close to Leonard and said in a fatherly tone : "  You 're blowing it now son ! You 're blowing it . " Leonard snapped out of it and knocked Hearns out in the 14th round to gain another welterweight championship . Dundee started his career training Hall Fame boxer Carmen Basilio and also trained champs Jimmy Ellis , Luis Rodriguez , Sugar Ramos , Ralph Dupas and Willie Pastrano . "  Dad lived a great life , and he did a great job living it , " Jimmy Dundee told WFTS .	Dundee was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1992 He trained Muhammad Ali and Sugar Ray Leonard ` Dad lived a great life , and he did a great job living it , " his son told CNN affiliate WFTS
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- Ron Paul supporters have a plan . As they doggedly work the Republican system from the ground up , electing more of their team as delegates to the Republican National Convention , they have a heavyweight plan that 's markedly different from the rumors of convention subterfuge and the guess of simply getting their candidate to the podium . "  We want to change the Republican Party , " said Chris Stearns , the Virginia state director for the Ron Paul campaign . "  We are making sure our people get in positions of leadership -- in the nation , in their state , in their county and city , all the way down to the grass roots level . " Libertarians such as Stearns aspire to nothing less than the kind of bottom-to-top takeover that proved so successful for the religious right and anti-abortion forces in the 1980s . Many of the men and women who swept into local party office then inhabit top rungs of the GOP now . And similar to that movement , Ron Paul and his campaigners for liberty are looking down the road . "  This is not just for this term , " Stearns told CNN Radio from the southern end of the state , "  but four , six or eight years from now . " Nearly 200 miles away , in northern Virginia , a separate Ron Paul supporter is similarly forward looking . "  Four years , eight years , 12 years , we are here for the long haul , " said Patrick Bailey , a 26-year-old who moved from New York to Washington specifically to get involved in electoral politics . He plunged in on Saturday as one of three Paul supporters running for delegate to the national convention from Virginia 's 8th Congressional District . Battle in the grass roots That kind of local party election is often ignored by headlines and pundits , but it 's where Ron Paulians are waging their most furious battle . Primaries and caucuses often dictate how a state 's delegates should vote , but it is these internal state and local party conventions that determine who the individual delegates will be . They represent hundreds of small but open doors to get your troops to the convention . The 8th District , which includes the Washington suburbs of Alexandria and Arlington , felt the Paul surge Saturday . Four years ago , the district convention saw some 350 participants . The 8th District Republican chairman told CNN that participation had nearly doubled this year . Anyone can attend and vote , as long as they sign up by a deadline and have not voted in a Democratic primary in the past five years . This is how the Paul strategy works : Sign up . Show up . Vote . "  We have been calling and e-mailing , " Bailey said ahead of the vote . "  Our turnout 's looking great . " But some feel it is an attempt at political hijacking . "  There are people out here who are still fighting for Ron Paul who got defeated at our primary , " said Fran Redmon , who has been involved in the 8th District Republican Party for 40 years . "  It 's so ridiculous . They should either be a Republican or not be here today . " Asked what she thought the Paul supporters were trying to accomplish , Redmon replied , "  I think they are n't really thinking it through . I suppose they think we 're people who do n't have an agenda or something . " Indeed , the agenda is the rallying cry for the libertarian forces . CNN spoke with more than two dozen Paul supporters at this local Republican meeting and they shared common goals : substantially smaller government both in spending and in power , far more limits on the Federal Reserve , an end to what they see as American interventionist policy overseas and a cry of concern for individual rights . The second-ballot gambit "  This is a movement , " said Homan Rabie , who came to the 8th District convention with his high school friends , "  Republicans  need a true philosophy . " They need to bring in more minorities and young people like his group , he added . So it 's a movement . Why then all the national convention delegates ? Especially in a place like Virginia where , by Republican rules , nearly all the elected delegates must vote for Mitt Romney on the first ballot . Let 's get the nomination theory out of the way . One supporter at the 8th District convention mentioned a much-forwarded idea that Paul delegates could abstain on the first ballot , forcing a second vote at the convention and then , on that second ballot , cast votes for Paul . But there are two problems with this notion : One is that if a delegate abstains , an alternate delegate , who may or may not be a Paul supporter , would step in . The other problem ? Many Paul supporters told CNN they think it 's a pipe dream . They 're distancing themselves from the idea . "  To me personally , it does n't look like any way that 's going to happen , " said Bailey , the candidate trying to get to Tampa . "  I do n't see  the Paul delegates  going in and causing a ruckus . The last thing we need is to become a scapegoat  if Republicans do n't win in November  . " Change the party from the bottom up Paul says as much himself . He told CNN last week that the idea of disrupting the national convention "  is not in my plan . That is against my plan . " The plan , say supporters up and down the Paul chain , is to put their people in Republican positions of power from the bottom to the top , and change the party . Saturday , the few hundred voters at Virginia 's 8th District convention chose between seven candidates for three national convention seats . While Bailey came in fifth , his friend and fellow Paul supporter Matthew Burrow took third place and won a spot for libertarians in Tampa . Stearns says Paul supporters have won 15 of the 24 congressional delegate spots decided in Virginia so far . Add it to the list . Paul took all 21 elected delegate spots in Maine and the vast majority of the elected delegate positions in Nevada , state party officials confirmed to CNN . Party officials in Minnesota have not been able to certify their exact results to CNN but agreed that Paul won most of the up-for-grabs delegates there as well . That is especially notable because Minnesota 's delegates are not bound on the first ballot at the national convention . But the 2012 nomination is not the point , Bailey reminded those around him . Instead , it 's learning the process , getting better at it , gaining positions and changing the Republican party , no matter how long it takes . "  We 're all getting training on the ground now , " he said . "  At the end of the day , this is all practice for the next time . And the next time all be practice for the time after that . And eventually we are going to win . " It is a big plan , requiring not just determination but stamina .	Ron Paul supporters want bottom-to-top takeover of GOP Part of the plan is electing supporters to party posts from local level and up Supporters say they 're looking beyond 2012 to what 's down the road "  At the end of the day , this is all practice for the next time , " Paul director says
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- The world sees Ukraine in turmoil , a country divided between Russian speakers and Ukrainian nationalists , its towns and cities roiled by occupations , its highways dotted with improvised barricades . The reality is rather different . Only one town in eastern Ukraine -- Slovyansk , is truly held by pro-Russian protesters , with roadblocks at several entrances . Its defenders are a mixture of the "  men in green , " dozens of well-armed fighters wearing fatigues and balaclavas , teenagers looking for some action and what might be termed the Baboushka Brigade , middle-aged women with flashing gold teeth who decry the Kiev "  junta " and see Vladimir Putin as their savior  and the prospect of Russian ownership as bringing improved pensions  . A relatively compact town of narrow streets , with several river crossings at its outskirts , Slovyansk is easy to defend . The active pro-Russian groups there -- civilian and in uniform  s  -- seem to number no more than several hundred . Of the 130,000 inhabitants , many seem sympathetic to the pro-Russian protesters -- or more accurately hostile to the government in Kiev , which they see as dominated by nationalists who will sell out to the European Union and NATO . But most people go about their lives almost oblivious to the upheaval . Weddings take place , people sit by the lake eating kebabs and pizza , the outdoor market bustles . It does n't feel like Sarajevo , and the warning by the self-declared mayor , Vyacheslav Ponomaryev , that it could be the next Stalingrad , one of the defining battles of World War II , seems surreal . Ponomaryev says Slovyansk is under siege by the Ukrainian army , but Ukrainian troops have done little more than approach roadblocks on the outskirts -- only to withdraw . Trucks negotiate the slalom of checkpoints on their way to and from the Russian border . Commerce ca n't stop for the rebellion . And a few miles away , sightseers take in Svyatohirsk 's historic monastery , with its gleaming blue and gold steeples . In Donetsk , the region 's capital and Ukraine 's fifth-largest city , up-market fashion stores are busy ; the leaders of the Ukrainian football league , Shakhtar Donetsk , play home games as scheduled ; cafes are full in the spring sunshine ; the airport is open and functioning normally . You would only know something was abnormal by approaching the regional government building , an 11-story slab of concrete surrounded by tires and festooned with Russian and Donbass flags and less than complimentary banners about NATO and U.S. President Barack Obama . Inside there may be a couple of hundred pro-Russian protesters at any one time , including the leadership of the Donbass People 's Republic . Outside are a similar number -- supporters , onlookers , miners in orange helmets who fear that if Ukraine joins the European Union they 'll be out of a job because of more stringent health and safety regulations . The rest of the city works , worships and worries about the political paralysis that has engulfed Ukraine . Of a city of just under 1 million , a few hundred are involved in political agitation . In Mariupol , Kramatorsk , Horlivka and other towns across the Donetsk region where government buildings and police stations have been taken over , there is little sense of momentum in the pro-Russian protests . In Horlivka , a gritty industrial town north of Donetsk , a platoon of the Babushka Brigade stood beneath Lenin 's statue outside the sleepy City Hall last week , ready to tell anyone who would listen that all they wanted was a referendum on their future , the chance to be free from the "  fascists " in Kiev . But there do seem to be more weapons in circulation , compared to two weeks ago . At a roadblock north of Slovyansk , on the main road to Kharkiv , a CNN team was briefly inspected last week by a couple of teenagers waving hand guns apparently liberated from a police armory . And there are other ominous signs . Until now , the rarity of pro-Ukrainian rallies in the east has prevented street clashes . But a pro-Ukrainian event attended by several hundred people on Monday was attacked by pro-Russians wielding bats and clubs -- was the first political violence of any consequence in the city for more than three weeks . On the same day , the mayor of Kharkiv was shot and wounded , and pro-Russian "  men in green " seized another town hall at Kostyantynivka , near Slovyansk . Still , words like uprising or insurgency , let alone civil war , the phrase sometimes deployed by Russia , do n't really describe events in eastern Ukraine . Much depends on whether pro-Ukrainian groups in the east are prepared to mobilize in the next month , during which the "  referendum " being organized by pro-Russian protesters will take place to decide whether Donetsk and Luhansk should leave Ukraine  May 11  , followed by Ukraine 's presidential election two weeks later . If they do , then the potential for unrest grows . The numbers involved so far -- on either side -- suggest neither widespread bloodshed nor a decisive resolution of the crisis are imminent . The Ukrainian government -- short of special forces and equipment -- seems incapable of reasserting its authority in towns where pro-Russian protesters have hoisted their flags . The debate rages about how far the Russian government is exploiting , stoking or wildly exaggerating anti-Kiev resentment . To many observers , President Vladimir Putin seems intent on keeping the Ukrainian government off balance rather than invading . Cliff Kupchan , of political risk consultancy Eurasia Group , says "  his visceral desire to influence Ukraine 's trajectory will remain , and he will pursue his goals of securing Ukraine 's geopolitical neutrality and political federalization with unabated vigor . " His long-term goal , says Kupchan , is "  grabbing territory through proxies and generally destabilizing Eastern Ukraine , thereby achieving de facto ` federalization ' through Russian influence over the east . " Eastern Ukraine is as much , perhaps more , a battleground between East and West as a battle on the ground . The rhetoric flies in both directions . The Russian foreign ministry accuses the Ukrainian government of building detention centers resembling fascist concentration camps for "  disloyal citizens . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague says Moscow is "  undermining its own influence in its neighbourhood , steadily disconnecting Russia from the international community and damaging Russia 's own prosperity and security over the long-term . " In the game of geopolitical poker , the U.S. and Europe have added modestly to the list of Russian individuals and companies sanctioned , hoping the markets will do the rest by further punishing the Russian stock market and the rouble . Russia 's Deputy Foreign Minister , Sergei Ryabkov , responds by calling the measures meaningless , shameful and disgusting . Who holds the winning card ? The Russian writer , Vladimir Sorokin , a veteran observer of politics in his country and rare voice of dissent , admits to being at a loss , because Putin 's intentions are impossible to read . Writing in the New York Review of Books , Sorokin says : "  Unpredictability has always been Russia 's calling card , but since the Ukrainian events , it has grown to unprecedented levels : no one knows what will happen to our country in a month , in a week , or the day after tomorrow . " Ukrainians could say the same .	World sees Ukraine in turmoil , but reality is different , writes CNN 's Tim Lister Lister : Only one town in eastern Ukraine -- Slovyansk , is truly held by pro-Russian protesters But most people go about their lives almost oblivious to the upheaval , he writes There seem to be more weapons in circulation , compared to two weeks ago , he says
SYDNEY , Australia -- Eamon Sullivan regained the 50-meter freestyle world record with a 21.41 seconds swim at the Australian Olympic trials in Sydney . Sullivan had lost his 50m freestyle record to Frenchman Alain Bernard four days ago . He took the record back from Frenchman Alain Bernard , who recorded 21.50 seconds at the European championships four days ago . Sullivan had held the record with 21.56 , set in Sydney in February . After missing out on Bernard 's 100m record late on Wednesday , Sullivan said he hoped to improve his 50m time in Friday 's final . "  I came in a bit more relaxed tonight , having got the 100m final out of the way last night and getting into the team for Beijing . "  It 's sweet to get the record back off Alain after missing out on the 100m world record last night and after he broke the 50m record so quickly after I did it . "  I know I have another swim left so there 's always another chance . I hope I can go faster in the final , but I like to think I can take a couple of a hundredths of a second leading into a final , so we 'll see . " Sullivan missed Bernard 's 100m world record by just two-hundredths of a second in qualifying in 47.52 seconds for the Olympics . Libby Trickett broke the women 's 100m freestyle world record with a 52.88 seconds swim . Trickett , formerly Libby Lenton and competing for the first time under her married name , beat the 53.30 mark set by Germany 's Britta Steffen in Budapest on August 2 , 2006 . It is the second time Trickett has broken the 53-second barrier , but her previous time of 52.99 at the Duel in the Pool in Sydney last year was not ratified by FINA because she was swimming against American superstar Michael Phelps . "  I ca n't tell you how much I wanted to break that record ever since doing it in the Duel in the Pool in April last year . I just wanted it so badly , " Trickett said . "  To see it officially up there on the scoreboard is just amazing . All my events are very important to me , but the 100m freestyle holds a special place in my heart and to know that four years ago I was going 0.8 seconds off , that is just awesome . " "  I 've come so far , it 's been an amazing journey , but I am just so happy to be part of this team . We have some fantastic girls coming through and it 's going to be great for our relay team . " E-mail to a friend	Eamon Sullivan regains the 50-meter world freestyle record in Sydney Sullivan sets the new mark of 21.41 seconds in the Australian Olympic trials Frenchman Alain Bernard recorded a time of 21.50 seconds four days earlier
CNN  -- I was lying in bed on a recent night when I heard a familiar rustle from my son 's room . I knew the routine -- the quiet whimper would soon become a wail for Mama or Dada . Pick Dada tonight , I thought . As the whine turned into words , my toddler made a different plea . "  iPad ! iPad ! " he cried . Oops . So what did I do next ? I gave him the iPad , of course . I tried to justify it -- I had worked 10-plus hours and gone to school for another three . I had to wake up early . The truth is , it was 3 a.m. I just wanted to sleep , and if the tradeoff was letting my son watch another 30 minutes of monster trucks on the iPad , so be it . Like many moms , I often get asked how I "  juggle it all . " For me , "  it all " includes working full-time , going to law school four nights a week , raising a toddler and preparing for the imminent arrival of Baby No. 2 . Work , family and ` leaning in ' : Seven families trying to make it work Honestly , it 's not always perfect . And while my lifestyle might not work for a lot of people , it works for me . That 's been the key to keeping my sanity -- prioritizing what works for my family instead of focusing on whether it would work for anyone else . All parents are busy . It 's the nature of raising another person . As my husband and I find our rhythm in an unpredictable schedule , I remind myself of a few things that have helped us make it work . Organizing my time If multitasking is a skill , compartmentalizing is an art . There is no way I can give 100 % of myself to everything I do 100 % of the time , but I can give 100 % of myself to one thing at a time . I 've carved out my schedule so I have time to focus on my priorities . I get up before my son does so I can focus on schoolwork . When he wakes up , I close the books and focus on him . When naptime comes around , I get two to three solid hours to study . The babysitter comes early enough so I can get in another hour of reading . Sheryl Sandberg : Speak up , believe in yourself , take risks When I 'm at work , I focus on my job . There 's nothing I can do about looming school assignments or piles of laundry during that time , so there 's no point in worrying about them . To help keep these "  lives " separate , I keep three separate to-do lists . One is for home , one is for work and one is for school . Compartmentalizing does n't come naturally to me and it does n't make things stress-free . It just helps me to limit that stress to one manageable area at a time . Share the load There 's been a lot of buzz lately about "  leaning in . " I 've been focusing on improving my ability to "  lean on " -- my husband , family and friends for support . It 's hard to ask for help , but it is impossible to balance work , school and family life without it . My husband and I work opposite schedules , and he picks up most of the chores that other couples usually share . My son has lots of sleepovers with his grandparents . Learning to say "  yes " when people offer to help has been one of the toughest lessons of parenthood , but one of the best things I 've done . It 's not a competition In many ways , mommyhood is more competitive than law school . When I first became a mom , I felt a mostly self-inflicted pressure to be the perfect mom instead of just me . I saw pictures of elaborate parties on Facebook . I saw moms planning meticulous arts and craft sessions . I looked at my son 's latest drawing , doodles on my textbook . My cupcakes will never be worthy of Pinterest , and my son does n't know baby sign language . But even if I had all the time in the world , that would still be the case . I do n't think any mother would ever claim to know exactly what she is doing , but I am learning to recognize the things I 'll never do well . Find time to unwind I watch "  The Bachelor " and "  The Walking Dead . " I eat dinner with my husband almost every night  usually around 10 p.m.  . I try to squeeze in a mani-pedi every few weeks . I am the happiest when I am productive , so even my version of unwinding might be foreign to others . I watch TV on my phone while I am taking a shower .  Trust me , I 've figured out a setup that works .  I fold laundry while I watch TV . This type of multitasking does n't give any of my priorities less than they deserve . When I do n't prioritize a few hours to refuel each week , I can tell , and so can the people around me . Lighten up The best advice I got before I got married was to know when to lighten up . Not everything is a big deal . I like to think of myself as persistent . My husband would probably choose another word . But I am learning to loosen up and deviate from my plans . I 'm at an advantage . The reason I 'm busy is not that I am working multiple jobs to make ends meet . Part of what makes my schedule manageable is that I enjoy the things that take up my time . Motherhood is one thing that makes me happy . So does work . So does doing well in school . A happy mom means a happy family . And when that fails , grab the iPad . How do you balance work , parenthood and other responsibilities ? Share your secrets in the comments section below .	Sheryl Sandberg 's Lean In movement encourages working moms to become leaders CNN weekend editor and busy mother Kristi Ramsay shares how she prioritizes her life Ramsay is also a law student , with another child on the way , so multitasking is a must Learning to delegate duties and ask for help was a tough but essential lesson , she says
"  When the sirens sounded , 15 trained defenders would go to the roof . The anti-aircraft gun mounted there was used once , when the Red River was bombed in May 1972 . The planes came over the State Bank , and the shooters on that roof also shot at the plane . I do n't know if they found their mark . " Cao Xuan Nha 's memories of the Vietnam War were brought vividly to mind with the recent opening of Hotel Sofitel Legend Metropole Hanoi 's old air raid shelter . Lost for decades , then rediscovered and now open to the public , the claustrophobic tunnels are a unique memorial to wartime Vietnam -- one to the bonds formed during a time of fear and destruction , and to the role this iconic hotel has played over the last 111 years . Nha , who was a member of the Commission for External Affairs , Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam , says the Metropole was the only hotel in the city to have a shelter . He was responsible for taking care of government guests from 1969 until 1972 , all of whom were hosted at the hotel , then known as Thong Nhat  Reunification  . "  I was really happy when I found out that they had found the bunker and -LSB- general manager -RSB- Kai 's idea was to bring it back , " he says . "  It 's important for the hotel , important for the city and important for the country . " CNNGo : Shenzhou - 9 spacecraft boosts tourism in China 's space city In the months that followed its rediscovery , the shelter has been cleaned out and made safe for exploration . Wartime relic made amenable It has a new entrance -- shiny new concrete steps more aligned with the luxurious trappings above than the darkness below -- but otherwise , the shelter is pretty much as it was found . The bare , low-ceilinged rooms are dark , damp and musty . Water drips from air ventilation shafts . Old wiring curls out of rusted circuit breakers . Dandong light bulbs -- Nha remembers them being purchased -- are still screwed into their sockets . And former Australian Second Secretary and Consul Bob Devereaux 's graffiti is still discernible on the wall : "  BOB Devereaux , Aug. 17 , 1975 . " Devereaux does n't remember tagging the wall , but does recall fishing around the waterlogged shelter , then being used for storage , for documents and the odd elusive bottle of Australian wine during his two-year residency at the hotel . CNNGo : World 's 50 best beaches Devereaux was one of the first to tour the shelter on the Metropole 's new Path of History tour , which explains the hotel 's history over the last century and more . The shelter was built sometime during the mid-1960s , and although the hotel staff has always known of its existence -- general manager Kai Speth says that at least one guest a week has enquired about it during his four-year tenure at the hotel -- the shelter was unearthed by chance during the renovation of the hotel 's Bamboo Bar less than a year ago . Speth says he felt a keen sense of responsibility to reopen the shelter as a tribute to the Metropole 's war-era staff . "  Bombs were falling on Hanoi and people were still coming to work -- nobody could guarantee a bomb would n't fall on the hotel -- there were no laser-guided missiles then , " he says . When the decision was made to renovate the Bamboo Bar , Speth decided to do some digging of his own . An adventure "  Eventually we drilled into the space above the stairs , " says Speth . "  We created a cavity around 70 centimeters deep and were on our chests , looking around , and we could see there was a structure there . It was like an Indiana Jones adventure . " In August 2011 , Speth and his chief engineer finally broke through more than two meters of earth and reinforced concrete and the shelter 's 278-millimeter-thick ceiling to emerge into a 40-square-meter space , divided into five interconnecting rooms by heavy metals doors . It took a full week of pumping before the water level was brought down to 20 centimeters , and Speth , wearing boots , shorts and an old T-shirt , could splash down to explore . The shelter provided a unique glimpse into the hotel 's incarnation as a government-run wartime guesthouse -- a world away from the opulence of its French colonial heyday . After being constructed by two French investors in 1901 , the Metropole had quickly become one of Asia 's most celebrated hotels . In 1923 , Somerset Maugham checked in with the sole purpose of finishing "  The Gentlemen in the Parlour . " Charlie Chaplin spent his honeymoon in the hotel after marrying Paulette Goddard in Shanghai in 1936 . In 1951 Graham Greene stayed for the first time , while writing "  The Quiet American " and acting as a correspondent for Paris Match . But during the war , well-heeled travelers sipping coffee and fine cognac on the Metropole terrace were replaced by scared Vietnamese ducking into bomb shelters sunk into the pavement as the U.S. Air Force flew overhead . That image made the cover of LIFE on April 7 , 1967 . Stars check in Even so , celebrities continued to check in , despite and often because of the war ravaging the country . In June 1972 , anti-war activist Jane Fonda arrived at the hotel , and stayed on the second floor for two weeks . She spent many hours in the shelter , and autographed a photo taken there for a member of the staff : "  To Van , with warmest wishes , Hoa Bin  peace  , Jane Fonda . " "  I consider Ms. Jane a close friend , " says Nha . "  She supported our country and I looked after her both times she visited , first alone and the second time with her son Troy and husband Tom . " Although the idea of defending the hotel against enemy aircraft with rifle fire seems laughable , its chefs , receptionists , waiters and cleaners were put through their paces by the army and each carried a weapon to guard the hotel against looters . While guests retreated to the relative safety of the shelter , the staff was in the open , trying to land a lucky shot when incoming enemy aircraft flew low enough . CNNGo : Hello Kitty jets , the cutest airplanes ever Echoes of the past The shelter did make an impression on one other guest : American folk singer Joan Baez , who stayed at the Metropole during the Christmas bombings in 1972 . Her song , "  Where are you now , my son ? " was inspired by her experience in Hanoi and the quiet and resolute perseverance of the Vietnamese people . The track incorporates live recordings from her hotel stay while bombers raided the city . Now , standing in the same space four decades later , we crowd around Speth 's mobile phone in the warm , close space , sweat beading on our foreheads and lips , to listen as Baez ' voice interspersed with the unmistakable sound of a wailing Vietnamese woman , machine gun fire and bombs exploding cut eerily through the gloom . It 's the first time in 40 years that Nha has been down to the bunker , and he stands proudly , hand on heart , as he surveys the place in which he 'd spent many nights hoping for peace . Path of history Visitors from all over the world can now retrace the steps of former guests and staff . Historian Andreas Augustin , who wrote a book on the history of the Metropole , has helped train six volunteers from Hanoi to lead guests of the hotel on a daily Path of History tour , starting with a stroll between 13 glass displays and culminating with the exploration of the shelter . Among the first to take the inaugural tour on May 21 were Bob Devereaux and Gemma Cruz Araneta , a former Filipino beauty queen and journalist who spent two months in Hanoi in 1968 . Araneta had described the shelter in her memoirs as "  a long , narrow , semi-subterranean room of concrete which I thought would have made a groovy discotheque . " Although some had advised Speth , only half-jokingly , that he should turn the shelter into a wine cellar for the hotel , he 's glad his determination to preserve the shelter in its wartime state has paid off . He believes that the Metropole bunker will become a destination in its own right , just like the Cu Chi tunnels in south Vietnam . "  I want people to feel that space ; to transport themselves there in the middle of the conflict , " he says . "  It 's really a place for reflection . If people come out and are a little emotional , that 's mission accomplished for me . " To see it for yourself The shelter will be opened as part of the Path of History guided tour , held daily at 5 p.m. and open to hotel guests only . Contact the Sofitel Legend Metropole for more details :15 Ngo Quyen St. , Hoan Kiem District , Hanoi , Vietnam ; +84 4 3826 6919 ; www.sofitel.com .	The Metropole Hanoi 's old air raid shelter was recently opened The tunnels had been lost for decades The Metropole has hosted celebrities including Charlie Chaplin Volunteers lead hotel guests on Path of History tours to the bunker
CNN  -- Barcelona took a giant stride towards retaining their Spanish league title with a 2-0 win over arch-rivals Real Madrid in Saturday 's ` El Clasico ' at the Santiago Bernabeu to go three points clear at the top of La Liga . Lionel Messi continued his remarkable scoring streak with his 40th of the season and 27th in the league in the first half with Pedro Rodriquez adding the second after the break . The devastating defeat ended Real 's 12-match winning streak in La Liga and was their first at home at a decisive stage of the season with seven games to go . Messi broke the deadlock just after the half-hour mark as he was set up by a clever chipped pass from the irrepressible Xavi and turned Raul Albiol to beat Iker Casillas with ease . Messi 's predecessor as World Footballer of the Year , Cristiano Ronaldo , could make little impression for Real who were struggling to create chances in front of their home fans . A Marcelo shot just after the break finally gave Victor Valdes some work in the Barca goal , but last year 's triple winners were soon two-up with Xavi again the creator . His pin-point pass found Pedro in the clear and his cleverly beat the advancing Casillas for the decisive second . It finally sparked a Real reaction and Valdes had to save smartly from Rafael Van der Vaart before Ronaldo twice tested him . With Real pushing forward it was almost inevitable that Barca would have opportunities on the break and Messi wasted a chance when put through with only Casillas to beat , the Spanish international goalkeeper making a fine save . In the 77th minute , Casillas again came to the rescue after Xavi played in Messi again . Raul had the ball in the net for Real in the final frantic moments but it was chalked off for a handball by Karim Benzema and Barca held on for a deserved three points to cap a superb week which has seen them reach the Champions League semifinals where they will face Inter Milan . Inter were also in action in the Italian League on Saturday , held to a disappointing 2-2 draw by Fiorentina . Keirrison put Fiorentina ahead in the 11th minute but Jose Mourinho 's men then took apparent control through Diego Milito  75  and Samuel Eto'o  81  . But Per Kroldrup equalized for the Viola a minute later to leave Inter two points clear of Roma who can top them on Sunday with a win against Atalanta .	Barcelona beat Real Madrid 2-0 in the Bernabeu to go three points clear in Spain Lionel Messi with his 40th of the season scores the opener for Barca Pedro Rodriguez adds the second after the break to clinch victory for champions Inter Milan held 2-2 by Fiorentina in Serie A to lead Roma by two points
CNN  -- Opener Tillakaratne Dilshan scored a superb century as Sri Lanka forced their way back on the second day of the first Test against India in Ahmedabad . Dilshan smashed 112 and featured in solid partnerships with fellow-opener Tharanga Paranavitana  35  and captain Kumar Sangakkara  31  as Sri Lanka completed a day of dominance . Fast bowler Zaheer Khan opened a window of opportunity for the hosts by snaring Dilshan and Sangakkara in successive overs in the final session , but Mahela Jayawardene  36 not out  and Thilan Samaraweera , five from a half-century , denied the home side further inroads as Sri Lanka ended on 275 for three , 151 in deficit . Zaheer had looked menacing with the new ball , but with little assistance from the pitch , Sri Lanka were off to a good start and Dilshan looked comfortable . Together with left-handed Paranavitana , Dilshan added 74 for the opening wicket at a brisk pace , effectively putting the pressure back on the home side . Ishant Sharma eventually severed that stand , forcing Paranavitana to fend at a delivery that moved away a touch and he edged to wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni who held an excellent catch in front of first slip . Save for that burst from Zaheer with the new ball , India 's attack had looked ordinary and it allowed Sangakkara to hit his stride . With the Sri Lankan skipper holding up one end , Dilshan continued to play freely and eventually reached his 10th Test hundred -- his fifth this year -- by cutting leg-spinner Ishant for a boundary . The two had added 115 for the second wicket when Zaheer produced another fine burst to snare both batsmen . Dilshan was tempted with a short ball , but mistimed his pull and ended up presenting Rahul Dravid a simple catch at gully . Sangakkara was also done by a short ball , the captain top edging to Sachin Tendulkar at fine leg . The twin dismissal left Sri Lanka at 194 for three , but Mahela and Samaraweera put the visitors ' pursuit back on track . Both batsmen began cautiously until Samaraweera , who has already scored 1083 runs in eight Tests in this calendar year , shed the shackles by driving Mishra for consecutive boundaries . The fourth-wicket pair have so far added 81 in an unbroken stand . In the morning , master spinner Muttiah Muralitharan finished with three wickets as the hosts were bowled out in the first session . Muralitharan , who had snared Yuvraj on Monday , added the wickets of tailenders Harbhajan Singh and Ishant to his tally , while fast bowler Chanaka Welegedara removed Dravid , the batsman falling without adding to his overnight score of 177 . Dravid fell in the third over of the morning , Welegedara collecting his fourth wicket by bowling the batsman via an inside edge as he attempted to drive . Harbhajan , two overnight , then added 25 for the eighth wicket with Zaheer taking India 's total past the 400-run mark in the process . But Sri Lanka 's spinners made short work of the tail . Left-arm spinner Rangana Herath trapped Zaheer in front , while Muralitharan claimed the wickets of Harbhajan and last man Ishant to finish with a three-wicket haul .	Opener Tillakaratne Dilshan scores a superb century for Sri Lanka against India The ton helps Sri Lanka force their way back on the second day of the first Test Sri Lanka end the day on 275 for three , 151 in deficit of India 's first innings total in Ahmedabad
Weeks of brutal Israeli strikes on the heavily-populated Gaza strip have seen a number of political actors come forward to present a cease-fire plan . The deadlock , however , seems to be between Egypt and Qatar -- both of whom have considerable leverage over Hamas , the Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated group that has ruled Gaza since 2007 . The truth is that due to political bias on each side , neither country is fit to be an exclusive mediator in this situation . But only one of these two states holds undeniable geographic and political advantages : Egypt is the only Arab state that borders Gaza , meaning that -- for better or worse -- it is the strip 's only access point to the outside world . Egypt is also the only one of the two that has a direct diplomatic channel with the Israelis , which is essential to implement any deal . During the Muslim Brotherhood 's rule in Cairo , Qatar offered Egypt $ 8 billion in grants and loans , a strategy that may have been well meant , but that ultimately backfired . Because the Muslim Brotherhood felt Qatar was a reliable source of funding , it did n't feel the need to even negotiate a political compromise and economic reform with other factions of Egypt 's political and civil society , which was a condition set by western lenders to extend a $ 4.8 billion loan . This expedited the downfall of the group . The truth is that Qatar 's overall strategy with the Muslim Brotherhood has failed miserably : It resulted in the alienation of the Brotherhood in Egypt -- so much so that the group was ousted from power in a popularly-backed military coup , and meant that many Egyptians were indifferent to the bloody massacre of the group 's members that followed . Qatari support for Muslim Brotherhood affiliates elsewhere in the region , such as Libya , Jordan , and Tunisia , has also backfired resulting in them being sidelined from power . All of this adds to quite an unfortunate year for the Gulf emirate . Qatar 's continuous financial and media support for the Muslim Brotherhood through the once-popular Al Jazeera Arabic , the 24-hour , Egypt-centric Mubasher Misr , which largely reflects a Muslim Brotherhood perspective , and a slew of new Qatari-backed Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated news websites based in London , have further poisoned relations between Qatar and Egypt . Egypt 's Foreign Minister recently accused Qatar and Turkey of undermining his country 's efforts for a cease-fire in Gaza . Furthermore , some in Egypt consider Qatar 's increasingly close ties with Turkey a liability . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who is likely to be the country 's next president , in an interview with CNN called Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi a "  tyrant " adding that Egypt has no genuine role to play in Gaza . There is no doubt that Egypt will reject any offer it feels will diminish its regional role , especially one coming from Qatar and Turkey . It is ironic , therefore , that the efforts of Qatar and Turkey , who both want to see an end to the bloodshed in Gaza , are self-defeating . Hamas has genuine reasons to reject what are said to be the exact same cease-fire conditions it previously accepted in November 2012 when Egypt was ruled by its Muslim Brotherhood affiliates . The cost in Gazan lives this past fortnight has been too high to accept a return to a situation where Gaza was effectively the world 's largest prison complex , with the lifting and not a mere "  easing " of the blockade at minimum . Qatar 's move to offer Hamas a safe refuge after the group decided to leave Syria in the wake of the civil war was a strategic move . This gave Qatar a significant advantage over most states in the region -- except , that is , for Egypt . Qatar 's recent proposal to finance a commercial port in Gaza will likely reduce Egyptian control of the movement of individuals , goods and materials in and out of the strip , and is best done with Egypt 's approval and oversight rather than without it . In an apparent attempt to placate Egypt , Qatar 's foreign minister called its role in Gaza essential , although Egypt was conspicuously absent from a Paris meeting on the current conflict that included Qatar , Turkey and some Western states . Egypt 's absence could perhaps be due to a Qatari-backed proposal announced by the Doha-based former Israeli MP Azmi Bishara to internationalize the Rafah Crossing and place it under the supervision of the U.N. and some Arab nations . Qatar should not repeat the same mistakes that offered the Brotherhood in Egypt and elsewhere a false sense of omnipotence and infallibility , and should understand that Egypt 's geographical and political leverage trumps any financial and media coverage Doha can offer Hamas . If the genuine intention is to stop the Israeli onslaught on Gaza , Doha must concede its soft power to Cairo 's hard power . The sooner Qatar realizes this , the sooner the horrible Gaza conflict will come to an end .	Egypt and Qatar have leverage over Hamas , writes Sultan Sooud Al Qassemi Al Qassemi : Neither country is fit to be an exclusive mediator in this situation Qatar 's overall strategy with the Muslim Brotherhood has failed miserably , he writes Some in Egypt consider Qatar 's increasingly close ties with Turkey a liability , he says
CNN Student News  -- August 19 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Syria • New Hampshire , Illinois and Texas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are awesome on CNN Student News ! So is a story we have coming up on a U.S. Army officer . Hey , everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . We 're starting today in the Middle East . First Up : Syrian Conflict AZUZ : Pressure is increasing for Syria 's president , Bashar al-Assad , to quit his job . We 've talked this week about the violence going on in Syria and the protests there against the country 's leader . Yesterday , U.S. officials explained why they believe the Syrian president 's got to go . U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : The people of Syria deserve a government that respects their dignity , protects their rights , and lives up to their aspirations . Assad is standing in their way . AZUZ : The United States also announced new sanctions -- new punishments -- against the Syrian government . Those include limiting access to assets that Syria has in the United States . President al-Assad is also facing heat from European leaders . France , Germany , the United Kingdom , the European Union : all of them calling for him to step aside . I.D. Me JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a stock index that was established in 1896 . Most people use me to measure the overall U.S. stock market . I was founded by Charles Dow and Edward Jones . I 'm the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and I 'm made up of 30 high-profile stocks . Economic Concerns AZUZ : The Dow is highlighting concerns about the U.S. economy . Yesterday , it dropped more than 400 points . At one point during the day , it was down nearly 530 points . That came after Morgan Stanley -- this major investment bank -- put out a prediction that was pretty negative about economic growth around the globe . So the Dow took a big drop . So what ? What does that mean ? Well , the Dow indicates not just how major companies are doing , but how investors feel about the economy in general . And if that is dropping , that means investors are pulling money out of the market . They 're not feeling confident in it . And this does n't just affect the U.S. There 's a global economy . What happens in one country affects other countries . And that 's what we 're seeing . Stock markets in Europe and Asia took a hit yesterday , as well . Battle for Jobs AZUZ : The stock market is one way people determine how the U.S. economy is doing . Another is the national unemployment rate . Right now , it 's just over nine percent . Everyone wants to create new jobs . But President Obama and the Republican candidates who are hoping to be the next president do n't agree on how to do that . Holly Firfer has more on that . BEGIN VIDEO HOLLY FIRFER , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Wrapping up a three-day midwest tour in his home state of Illinois , President Obama held a town hall meeting at a production facility , where he focused on jobs while fighting to keep his . He said by starting with basic ideas , like building the nation 's infrastructure , the economy will move in the right direction if Congress does not get in the way . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : These are n't radical ideas . I mean building roads , when did that become a partisan issue ? FIRFER : Many feel political bickering in Congress is taking focus away from the real needs of the country . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : We 've lost our rating as far as being able to borrow money . It 's pretty concerning . FIRFER : Meanwhile in New Hampshire , Mitt Romney claimed the president 's inexperience was responsible for the economic crisis and subsequent standstill in Washington . MITT ROMNEY ,  R  PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : As far as I can tell , he did n't lead a business , did n't lead a state , did n't lead a city . He did n't have leadership experience and therefore did n't know how to work with Congress . FIRFER : Also campaigning in New Hampshire , GOP hopeful Rick Perry continued to tout his record of job creation as governor of Texas and criticized the president for what he called his inability to manage the economy . GOVERNOR RICK PERRY ,  R  PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : We spent the last 2.5 years in a grand experiment with the American economy , and it has been a terrible , terrible disaster . FIRFER : According to White House officials , President Obama will address job growth and the nation 's debt with a new economic plan some time after Labor Day . In Washington , I 'm Holly Firfer . END VIDEO Billion Dollar Disasters AZUZ : Talking ` bout the weather . So far this year , we 've seen some extreme weather events : floods , blizzards , tornadoes . You hear a lot about the lives that are lost , the damage that happens . But there 's a cost to all that damage , too . Chad Myers is here to take us through some of this year 's costliest weather events . Chad , can you start with the total ? BEGIN VIDEO CHAD MYERS , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : Carl , believe it or not , NOAA now estimates $ 35 billion -- with a b -- in lost revenues , lost crops , just basicaly lost money over the U.S. from severe weather alone this season . Let 's take a look at the top nine . The first one , $ 9 billion : the tornadoes that rolled through Alabama , especially Tuscaloosa , just north of Birmingham and even into Georgia that night . Seven billion dollars from the tornadoes that hit , including Joplin , Missouri , that leveled part of that town ; $ 7 billion and 177 people dead . Five-and-a-half billion dollars just because of the droughts in the Southwest , especially Texas and Oklahoma . Some spots drier than the Dust Bowl . Four billion dollars with the spring and summer floods of the Mississippi River , all the way down the Mississippi into the Gulf of Mexico . And then a couple of them all rounded up here , from the Midwest tornadoes , that 's including parts of Alabama , Texas and even into the Carolinas . And then April 11 , $ 2.2 billion , no deaths , but that was the North Carolina event there . Tornadoes through the Midwest . The Groundhog Day blizzard : two feet of snow in parts of Chicago . Then the upper Midwest flooding , that 's in the Dakotas . In fact , that 's still going right now . Hard to believe , $ 35 billion in losses , Carl . END VIDEO Texas Drought AZUZ : Thank you , Chad . One of the things you heard Chad mention was the drought in Texas . This has been going on for 10 months . It was made worse by a blazing hot Summer . Officials are looking at some of the industries that will feel the biggest effects of this . Number one : livestock . Producers have lost an estimated $ 2.1 billion . Cotton , next on the list . Around $ 1.8 billion lost there . This drought is affecting people who produce hay , corn and wheat , as well . The state 's agriculture commissioner said the numbers are n't good . But he added that Texas farmers and ranchers will adapt and overcome the drought . Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! In the U.S. Army , what is the official name for a one-star general ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it a : A  Brigadier General , B  Major General , C  Lieutenant General or D  General of the Army ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! All of these ranks are addressed as "  general , " but a brigadier general wears one star . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Marcia Anderson AZUZ : That 's the rank General Marcia Anderson holds right now . But she 's been nominated to get another star and possibly be promoted to major general . It 's impressive for someone who , back in college , never thought she 'd go into the military . General Anderson sat down for CNN 's "  Red Chair " interview series to talk about how she got to where she is . BEGIN VIDEO BRIGADIER GENERAL MARCIA ANDERSON , U.S. ARMY RESERVES : My husband would say that I could talk to a pole , and I do tend to make friends in movie lines buying tickets . When women enlist in the military , I think they should expect to be challenged . They are going to put you in charge of some people besides yourself . They are going to make you responsible for resources . You are going to have to mentor those people . My nomination and hopefully my confirmation to major general , I will be the first African-American female in the Army to have achieved that rank . The biggest pivotal moment in life : the look on my dad 's face -- and I 'm going to get a little teary here -- the look on my dad 's face when he got to promote me to brigadier general . He served in the Korean War at a time when they just were integrating the military . I know he could have been anything , but because of that time , perhaps he did n't get to achieve as much as he could have . I think the biggest "  a-ha " moment was when I graduated from high school . The world just seemed really bright and I just kind of felt as if anything was possible . I just wanted to be the kind of person that , when I passed away , people would say , "  she tried to treat people the right way . " That would leave me with a really good feeling and I think a really good legacy . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : A valet parks your car . But at this golf course , the valet might bark at it , too ! Just another day on the job for Kaleigh . She 's a six-year-old dog who helps out the golfers . When they finish a round and drop off their carts , they leave the keys with Kaleigh and she brings 'em back to the clubhouse . So , if you call the person who carries your clubs a caddy , what do you call the dog who gets your keys ? Goodbye AZUZ : A retriever , of course . She just does that all day long ; does n't go out to the holes . She puts the cart before the course ! We look fore ! - ward to seeing you next week for more CNN Student News . Have a good one .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of stories covered on CNN Student News
A man charged in the "  Fast and Furious " death of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry has been extradited to the United States from Mexico , the Justice Department said . Lionel Portillo Meza was extradited Tuesday . What was ` Fast and Furious , ' and what went wrong ? At his arraignment in federal court in Tucson , Arizona , on Wednesday , he pleaded not guilty to a litany of charges , including first-degree murder . He is also charged with second-degree murder , conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery , attempted interference with commerce by robbery , using and carrying a firearm during a crime of violence , assault on a federal officer and possession of a firearm by a prohibited person . The "  Fast and Furious " operation of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives began in 2009 with the purpose of tracking around 2,000 weapons intended for drug cartels . But officials could n't track the firearms , and most are believed to have ended up with cartels and gangsters in Mexico . "  This development brings us one step closer to achieving justice for a beloved agent who paid the highest price in protecting this country , " U.S. Attorney Laura E. Duffy of the Southern District of California said in a news release . Terry was killed in a confrontation with Portillo Meza and four others along Arizona 's border with Mexico on December 14 , 2010 . The Terry case has been controversial because two rifles from the "  Fast and Furious " operation were found at the scene of his death . But U.S. officials have not produced evidence proving that Terry was killed with either of those guns . In February , another man charged in the incident , Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , was sentenced to 30 years in prison . He had pleaded guilty to first-degree murder .	Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was killed in 2010 Weapons from the botched "  Fast and Furious " operation were found at the scene One of men charged in the killing has extradited to the United States from Mexico
CNN  -- From a distance , he appears to be taking a nap . His long , delicate eyelashes are closed as his head rests on a blanket . The 10-year-old boy , however , is not asleep . The turn of his gauze-wrapped head reveals a mass of blood . Maher al-Husseini is dead , reportedly from a sniper bullet . He bled to death . In his own home . "  What is the fault of this child ? " asks a man , whose voice rises in anger on a video posted Friday on YouTube . He kneels down and gestures to the boy , whose hands and ankles are tied . "  What did this child do that they hit him inside his house ? This is unacceptable . " Friday was a day of protest , pain and sorrow in Homs , a center of demonstrations and death in Syria . At least 17 people were reported slain in the city , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an activist group . Women , children and dissident soldiers were among those killed Friday in Syria , the group said . The United Nations said last week that more than 4,000 people have died in Syria since a brutal government crackdown against protesters erupted in mid-March . The unidentified narrator of the video starts the tour of the home upstairs , pointing to a bullet hole on a window frame , then blood on the chair beneath it . He leads the cameraman down blood-spattered stairs to the body of Maher , lying in the family sitting room . The boy wears a maroon sweatshirt featuring a comic character . "  We could not aid the child , we did not know where to take him because of the firing in the neighborhood , " the agitated man said . "  He kept bleeding for half an hour and we could not aid him . " The speaker blamed Maher 's death on "  thugs " who fired upon the home in the Mreiji neighborhood . Another man sits in a chair , his head in his hands . "  We are not safe , this government is murderous , " the narrator says . "  It is killing people , it is killing its own people . " Near the end of the video , the man leans down and kisses the boy . Watch the YouTube video . WARNING : Graphic content . A longer version of the video shows a woman crying over the boy . Others can be heard in background wailing . The boy is wrapped in a white sheet and carried by men in street towards a cemetery . Some of the men chant "  The martyrs blood will not be lost in vain , " as the lifeless boy is carried . As the men walk towards the cemetery gunfire can be heard . They get to the cemetery and start digging as gunfire continues to ring out . Another video posted on YouTube features another scene from Homs , a city wracked by eight months of violence . Three shrouded bodies are being carried into a mosque to be laid out alongside Friday worshippers . One is of a boy identified as Nasser Mohammed , 12 . A chorus of voices rises as they are brought in . Some shout "  Allahu Akbar ! "  Allah is the greatest  . CNN could not independently confirm what was depicted in the videos . Western networks are not allowed inside the embattled country . Out on the streets Friday , Syrian tanks rolled past the wreckage of past confrontations and gunfire echoed . The street battles and demonstrations come as the United Nations and the Arab League continue to press the government of President Bashar al-Assad to allow monitors or observers on the ground . The regime continues to resist those calls -- as it maintains the conflict is with armed terrorists and its own security forces and supporters are the victims . In a rare interview this week with a U.S. television network , al-Assad said he is not responsible for the crackdown . The nation 's military forces "  are not my forces , " al-Assad told ABC 's Barbara Walters . CNN 's Jim Clancy reported from Beirut , Lebanon .	An agitated man describes the death of a boy in Homs "  What is the fault of this child ? " he asks , speaking to a camera The boy , 10 , was allegedly at home when he was apparently struck by bullet At least 17 died in Homs , activists say
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Four members of a Christian group from the United States are refusing to leave an airport in China after authorities confiscated their 300 Bibles , the group 's director said Monday . Members of a Christian group say they will not leave China until their Bibles are returned . The four members of Vision Beyond Borders -- based in Sheridan , Wyoming -- arrived in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming on Sunday . Customs officials discovered the Bibles during an X-ray scan of their luggage , said Pat Klein , director of the group , which supplies Bibles and other Christian material to people in China and other countries . Under Chinese law , it is illegal to bring printed religious material into the country if it exceeds the amount for personal use . The group distributes the Bibles through a local shop owner in Kunming , according to Klein . Klein said he 's been bringing Bibles into China for 21 years and had no idea he was breaking Chinese law . The group spent the night at the airport , and Chinese customs officials told them they had broken the law and repeatedly asked them to leave the airport , Klein said . He said the customs agents have not been antagonistic . China says Christians are free to worship in China -- as long as they worship in a church that registers with the government . People in China can buy Bibles , but some members of underground or unregistered churches in China say Bibles are in short supply in some locations , especially rural areas , according to a 2007 report from the U.S. State Department . The Report on International Religious Freedom warned that the distribution of religious publications in China is closely watched . All publication in China is controlled by the government , whether religious or otherwise . "  Customs officials continued to monitor for the ` smuggling ' of Bibles and other religious material into the country , " the report said . "  Religious texts published without authorization , including Bibles and Qurans , may be confiscated . " President Bush criticized China 's record on human rights and religious freedom in a speech he made before going to China for the opening ceremony of the Summer Olympics . "  I have spoken clearly , candidly and consistently with China 's leaders about our deep concerns over religious freedom and human rights , " he said . "  And I have met repeatedly with Chinese dissidents and religious believers . The United States believes the people of China deserve the fundamental liberty that is the natural right of all human beings . " Qin Gang , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , brushed aside Bush 's criticism . "  We firmly oppose any statements or deeds which use human rights , religion and other issues to interfere with the internal affairs of other countries , " he said . He said China "  keeps to the concept of putting people 's interest first and is devoted to maintaining and promoting basic rights and freedom of its citizens . "  Chinese citizens enjoy freedom of religion in accordance with the law . " While in China , Bush worshipped at a church that operates with government permission . That drew criticism from Amnesty International and other advocates of religious freedom , who said that Bush was endorsing the Chinese government 's regulation of churches . Klein , meanwhile , said his group members wo n't leave until their Bibles are returned . "  We 're being inconvenienced a little , but it 's nothing compared to what our brothers and sisters in China experience for their faith in Jesus Christ , " Klein said . They are scheduled to travel to Bangkok , Thailand , on Wednesday . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	300 Bibles found during an X-ray scan of group 's luggage It 's illegal in China to bring printed religious material for more than personal use China : Christians free to worship in government-registered churches Group members say they will not leave airport until bibles are returned
CNN  -- At home and at work , there was no doubting Mary Sherlach 's success . Professionally , she 'd worked in three Connecticut school systems before settling in as school psychologist at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown , writing on her website that "  I truly enjoy working with the SHS staff , parents and children . " Personally , she 'd been married to her husband for more than three decades and , together , they were "  proud parents " of two daughters in their late 20s . It all ended in an instant Friday morning , when , authorities say , 20-year-old Adam Lanza went into Sherlach 's school and killed her and 25 others , including 20 young students . Details were still emerging Friday night about exactly what happened . But a parent told CNN that she was in a room with Sherlach , the school 's principal , Dawn Hochsprung , and its vice principal when they heard a "  pop , pop , pop " sound around 9:30 a.m. Slain Connecticut principal remembered as energetic , smiling , passionate The three school administrators headed into the hall to find out what was happening . Hochsprung and Sherlach did n't come back alive . Sherlach , 56 , was an expert in psychology , having earned her undergraduate degree in that subject at SUNY Cortland and a master 's degree at Southern Connecticut State University . Before becoming a school psychologist , she worked as a rehabilitation assistant at a psychiatric facility , at a group home for disabled adults and as a community mental health placement specialist . Her experience in education included stints in the Redding , North Haven and New Haven public school systems before landing at Sandy Hook Elementary in 1994 . During her time in Newtown , Sherlach kept busy as a member of numerous groups such as the district conflict resolution committee , safe school climate committee , crisis intervention team and student instructional team . "  I ... am always ready to assist in problem-solving , intervention and prevention , " she wrote . In the "  About Me " section of her website , Sherlach also spoke extensively about her family . "  My husband Bill and I have been married 31 years and are the proud parents of two beautiful daughters , ages 25 and 28 , " she said . Comforting survivors : ` Hug them ' and ` cry with them ' Sherlach then went into detail about each of her children , one a high school chorus teacher in southern New Jersey and the other a Ph.D. candidate in chemistry at Georgetown University . Sherlach listed her interests as gardening , reading and going to the theater . She and her husband lived in Trumbull , Connecticut , and "  enjoy traveling and spending time at our lake home " in upstate New York 's Finger Lakes region . Her sudden death prompted Jeanne Stocker to write an emotional tribute on Facebook , saying she was "  beyond numb as I lost a good childhood friend . " "  She gave her life protecting these children , " Stocker said . "  Her husband Bill and two daughters are beyond devastation . Just so unfair and horrific too . " People are sharing their concern and sadness over the Newtown school shooting . What are your thoughts ? Share them with CNN iReport . CNN 's Diana LaPosta , Ann Colwell , Meredith Artley and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report . The story was written by Greg Botelho .	Mary Sherlach was a school psychologist at Connecticut 's Sandy Hook Elementary She was among 26 people killed by a gunman inside the Newtown school On Facebook , a friend calls Sherlach 's death "  so unfair and horrific " Sherlach was married for more than 30 years and had two daughters
A medical doctor-turned Libertarian Senate candidate in Iowa died when a plane he was piloting crashed around 11 p.m. Monday . Doug Butzier , 59 , was earning less than 2 % of the vote in the competitive statewide race between Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley and Republican state Sen. Joni Ernst to replace retiring veteran Sen. Tom Harkin . "  He was a leader among his peers , " said Russell Knight , the president of Mercy Medical Center-Dubuque , the hospital where Butzier worked . "  We will all miss his strong , intelligent , thoughtful presence , and we express our collective condolences to Doug 's family , friends , and colleagues . " Butzier was a practicing emergency medicine doctor and president of the medical staff at the hospital , according to his campaign website . Information about the cause of the crash has not been publicly released , although the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration will investigate . The plane failed in its first approach to land on the runway , and it crashed the second time , according to a local news report . It remains unclear if weather played a role in the crash , although it was raining during the day and into the night Monday . Because the deadline for changing candidates has passed , Butzier 's name will still appear on ballots in Iowa next month . Both Braley and Ernst released statements expressing condolences to Butzier 's friends and family . He is survived by his wife and two sons .	Iowa Libertarian Senate candidate Doug Butzier dies in a plane crash Monday He was a medical doctor at Mercy Medical Center-Dubuque The cause of the crash is still unknown Butzier 's name will remain on the ballot in the November election
CNN  -- Alaska 's top two elected officials on Thursday certified Sen. Lisa Murkowski 's re-election in November as a write-in candidate , clearing the way for Murkowski to be sworn in on time for the new congressional session that starts next week . Gov. Sean Parnell and Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell signed the paperwork certifying Murkowski as the election winner , according to a statement by the governor 's office . The papers now will be hand delivered to the secretary of the Senate in Washington before noon Monday , the deadline for Murkowski to be able to get sworn in when the Senate convenes again on January 5 , the statement said . Murkowski is the first senator to win election in a write-in campaign since Strom Thurmond did it in South Carolina in 1954 , and her victory followed a lengthy legal battle over the way the votes were counted . She was defeated in the Republican primary in August by Joe Miller , a Tea Party-backed candidate . Murkowski then waged the write-in campaign in the general election in November to defeat Miller , who filed a lawsuit challenging the result . On Tuesday , a federal judge dismissed Miller 's lawsuit , clearing the way for final certification of the vote . Miller said he was disappointed with the ruling , adding that he still believed his challenge was on solid constitutional ground . "  Thus , we are evaluating the ruling and determining what our next step should be , " Miller said Tuesday . After the November 2 election , Miller filed a challenge against the Division of Elections to ensure adherence to state law , which calls for write-in votes to match the name of the candidate . Miller argued that Alaska law does not allow the counting of misspelled names on write-in ballots . However , the Division of Elections set guidelines before counting began that allowed for a voter 's intent to be considered when determining whether to count a ballot for a write-in candidate . Earlier this month , the Alaska Supreme Court ruled that the Alaska Division of Elections conducted the election according to state law . The Associated Press called the race for Murkowski last month when she had a lead of more than 10,300 votes over Miller , a figure that included 8,159 ballots contested by Miller observers . Not including the contested ballots , Murkowski 's lead still exceeded 2,100 votes . The final certified vote count had Murkowski ahead by 10,252 . CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Final vote count put Murkowski ahead by 10,252 Murkowski won as a write-in candidate after losing the GOP primary A legal challenge to the vote-counting was dismissed this week Murkowski is set to be sworn in for her second full term next week
Washington  CNN  -- Among the 90,000 secret U.S. military documents posted on the internet this week by WikiLeaks are more than a dozen reports of possible attacks on Afghanistan coalition aircraft using heat-seeking shoulder-fired missiles . It was that type of missile that brought down numerous Soviet military aircraft when the Soviet Union tried to occupy Afghanistan in the 1980s . But among all the reports , one day stands out : May 30 , 2007 . In the first of three attacks on that day , an American CH-47 helicopter code named "  Flipper " was , according to a leaked report , "  engaged and struck with a missile . " "  The missile struck the aircraft in the left engine , " the report says . "  The impact of the missile projected the aft end of the aircraft up as it burst into flames , followed immediately by a nose dive into the crash site . " All seven troops on board died , including five Americans , a Briton and a Canadian . The report goes onto say , "  Based on description of launch , size of round , and impact force of the projectile , it is assessed to be bigger than an RPG  rocket-propelled grenade  and possibly a surface-to-air missile . Witness statements ... suggest Flipper was struck by MANPAD  man-portable air-defense system  . " MANPADs are shoulder-fired missiles that can home in on the heat from an aircraft 's engine to destroy it . A U.S. military official in Afghanistan said the reports do n't tell the whole story . "  We 're aware of the report on surface-to-air missiles . What 's being presented is a pretty broad and somewhat random selection of documents that includes information that in some cases is incomplete or not verified by other sources or studies , " the official said . "  There 's been no recent activity suggesting that these weapons are a threat , as attested by the volume of our daily air activity and the causes of aircraft incidents , which we report . " Within half an hour of the first attack , two Apache helicopter gunships were fired on by what the pilots thought was a missile . The helicopters were not damaged . Another half hour later , another attack came from the ground on the same Apaches . The report on that incident reads , "  This was possibly the second MANPAD engagement against this flight of Apaches in a 30-minute period . Clearly , the Taliban were attempting to down an Apache after downing the CH-47 . " Many more reported MANPAD attacks or possible MANPAD attacks were reported in 2007 , but none brought down a coalition aircraft . Perhaps the best known and most effective MANPADs are American-made Stingers , which the United States supplied to Afghan militia to fight the Soviets . At least two of the reports indicate that a Stinger missile could have been used to attack coalition aircraft , albeit unsuccessfully . One report details that case of a missile fired at an American F-18 Hornet by what was believed to be a MANPAD . And because the missile blew itself up as it approached anti-missile flares , the report 's author suggested it was a Stinger . "  A Stinger Basic would have likely been the only MANPAD  currently known to be in Afghanistan  capable of a proximity detonation onto the dispensed flares , " the unidentified commander wrote . The Hornet was not damaged and no one was hurt . Most of the reports mentioning the specific type of MANPADs refer to older , less sophisticated missiles of Chinese or Soviet design . "  The 1st or 2nd generation MANPADs generally encountered in Afghanistan  HN-5 , SA-7 , SA-14 , SA-16  would have had to have made direct contact with one of the flares  in order to  initiate the detonator , " the report on the F-18 Hornet attack says . There 's no doubt MANPADs are in Afghanistan . One coalition raid on a weapons cache in 2005 found four MANPADs in storage . And during a meeting between U.S. military leaders and a provincial governor , "  the governor reported that a man claiming to have MANPADs for sale has been in touch with his staff , presumably to give CF  coalition forces  an opportunity to buy them and get them out of circulation , " one of the leaked reports says . "  The governor referred to them as Blowpipe missiles . The seller is going to show the governor a picture to prove that he has them . " It is unclear from the report whether the coalition ever secured the missiles the governor talked about .	Documents posted on WikiLeaks.org include possible attacks by MANPADs The missiles may have been used in three attacks on May 30 , 2007 The heat-seeking "  man-portable air-defense " units include U.S. Stinger missiles Most reports refer to older , less sophisticated Chinese or Soviet designs
CNN  -- Described as the largest single gathering of displaced residents in the world today , tens of thousands of civilians are seeking shelter along the Afgooye corridor outside Mogadishu , according to the United Nations . Members of the U.S. Navy take a young Somali boy to safety after rescuing him and 51 others adrift in a skiff . Fighting between government forces and Islamist militias has triggered the flight of more than 67,000 Somalis in and around Mogadishu since May 8 , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . Most of them are heading to the Afgooye corridor , a 30-kilometer  19-mile  stretch of ramshackle housing described by the United Nations ' World Food Program as "  a nightmare . " The corridor between Mogadishu and the town of Afgooye is already home to 400,000 displaced Somalis , some of them living in huts made of twigs and branches . The clinics are already overwhelmed with malnourished and sick children . This week , Somalia 's transitional president , Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , asked the international community "  to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country . " Ahmed told local journalists Monday that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan , where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups . The fighting has cut supplies of "  desperately needed humanitarian aid " to the displaced Somalis near the capital city , according to the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . "  We are starting today the distribution of aid for some 50,000 people in Afgooye corridor through our local partners in Somalia , " the refugee office said Tuesday . "  Today 's distribution will include cooking sets , plastic sheeting , blankets and mats . " The number of Somali refugees fleeing to nearby countries also continues to rise , with some 500,000 already in Kenya , Ethiopia , Uganda , Djibouti , Eritrea and Tanzania . Many Somalis have also made the dangerous journey across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen . On Saturday , a U.S. guided missile destroyer rescued a group of 52 Somali men women and children -- including a woman who was eight months pregnant -- who had been stranded aboard a small skiff for nearly a week off Somalia 's coast , the U.S. Navy said . See photos of the rescue " A helicopter based on the USS Lake Champlain happened to spot the stranded mariners , according to the vessel 's commanding officer . "  It 's fortunate that our helicopter was flying over the right place at the right time , " Capt. Kevin P. Campbell said in a U.S. Navy news release . "  I 'm glad we were able to be of assistance and rescue these men , women and children . Our chief hospital corpsman stated that had we not found them at the time we did , the pregnant woman may not have survived . " USS Lake Champlain has been deployed as part of the U.S. 5th Fleet 's mission to patrol the Gulf of Aden region , which has been plagued by pirate attacks off Somalia 's coast . "  We were very fortunate to have come across these people in the state they were in , " said the ship 's chaplain , Lt. j.g. Jarrod Johnson . "  Seeing their condition really makes your heart go out to them . You can see the relief and hope in their eyes , and hear it in their conversation . "	Fighting has triggered flight of more than 67,000 Somalis since May 8 Most heading to Afgooye corridor , a 30-kilometer stretch of ramshackle housing President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed speaking at a conference in Mogadishu Ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama used his first Oval Office address to the nation Tuesday to say 90 percent of the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico will be captured within weeks , and to call for a new clean energy policy to end U.S. dependence on fossil fuels . The 18-minute speech , televised nationally , described what happened in the April 20 explosion and fire on a Gulf of Mexico oil rig that led to what Obama called "  the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced . " He compared the millions of gallons of oil leaking into the ocean to an epidemic "  we will be fighting for months and even years . " Obama meets Wednesday with the chairman of oil giant BP , which owns the broken well at the bottom of the Gulf , and the president made clear he expects BP to pay all clean-up costs and damages from the massive leak . He said he will tell BP Chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg to "  set aside whatever resources are required to compensate the workers and business owners who have been harmed as a result of his company 's recklessness . " "  This fund will not be controlled by BP , " Obama said . "  In order to ensure that all legitimate claims are paid out in a fair and timely manner , the account must and will be administered by an independent , third party . " In response to Obama 's speech , a BP spokesperson said the company shared the president 's goals of "  shutting off the well as quickly as possible , cleaning up the oil and mitigating the impact on the people and environment of the Gulf Coast , " and looked forward to Wednesday 's meeting "  for a constructive discussion about how best to achieve these mutual goals . " Earlier , senior administration officials told reporters that negotiations on the BP fund were continuing , with one major unresolved issue being whether workers who lose their jobs due to the government 's six-month moratorium on offshore drilling will be eligible to file damage claims . Republican critics have complained the moratorium is eliminating badly needed jobs as the nation recovers from economic recession , but Obama said the government must ensure the safety of such deep-water operations before allowing them to continue . Obama said he knows the moratorium "  creates difficulty for the people who work on these rigs . " "  But for the sake of their safety , and for the sake of the entire region , we need to know the facts before we allow deep-water drilling to continue , " he said . Obama also called the Gulf oil disaster "  the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a clean energy future is now . " The United States must end its dependence on fossil fuels , he said , calling for Congress to rise above partisan politics to take on the challenge of passing energy reform legislation that will lead the way to development of a clean energy economy . In an attempt to counter complaints of a sluggish government response to the oil disaster , Obama noted cited resources have poured into the region including nearly 30,000 people working in four states to contain and clean up the oil , along with "  thousands of ships and other vessels . " He said he had authorized deployment of more than 17,000 National Guard members along the coast to be used as needed by state governors . Republican responses , some distributed to reporters before the speech began , criticized Obama for using the oil disaster to push his energy reform policies , which GOP critics say will increase energy prices and eliminate jobs . "  Every day seems to bring more bad news about the size and scope of this crisis , and reversing that trend should be the president 's priority , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  The White House may view this oil spill as an opportunity to push its agenda in Washington , but Americans are more concerned about what it plans to do to solve the crisis at hand , " McConnell said . He complained the energy reform legislation supported by Obama also is endorsed by BP and will "  raise energy prices for every American family and business " but "  wo n't end our dependence on foreign oil or protect the coastline and marshes of the Gulf coast . " Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , said the administration 's focus should be on stopping the leak , not pushing Obama 's policies . "  I am concerned the administration is attempting to capitalize on public outrage over the spill in order to push through a cap-and-trade bill that will significantly raise energy prices for all Americans and add more burdens on businesses , " Hutchison said in a statement . "  Right now , the president 's number one priority needs to be keeping the jobs in the energy sector from going overseas and restoring the Gulf of Mexico . " Environmentalists supported Obama 's call for Congress to pass energy reform legislation , with former Vice President Al Gore , now chairman of the Alliance for Climate Protection , saying that "  in the midst of the greatest environmental disaster in our country 's history , there is no excuse to do otherwise . " Ultimately , Gore said in statement , "  the only way to prevent this type of tragedy from happening again is to fundamentally change how we power our economy . " Earlier Tuesday , Obama named Michael Bromwich to direct the federal government 's efforts to regulate offshore oil drilling . Bromwich , who was a Justice Department inspector general in the Clinton administration , will oversee the reorganized agencies that formerly comprised the Minerals Management Service in the Department of Interior . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told ABC News on Tuesday morning that Obama 's goal is to "  restore the Gulf , not just the way it was the day the rig exploded , but years ago . " Presidents have tackled a variety of topics in Oval Office speeches -- from the Challenger disaster in 1986 to the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Energy was last a topic in 1979 , when Jimmy Carter spoke about America 's inability to overcome the energy crisis . While Obama has dealt with major issues including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and a major economic downturn since taking office in January 2009 , he had never spoken to the public from the Oval Office until now . CNN 's Dana Bash , Anderson Cooper , Suzanne Malveaux , Ed Henry , Ed Hornick and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Republicans criticize Obama for linking oil disaster to call for energy reform NEW : BP says it wants to work with Obama on ending leak , cleaning oil Obama says he will push BP to create a BP-funded account to pay for oil spill damages Oval Office speech is Obama 's first White House address to nation
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Thirty-one years ago , the four men serving me tea at the table of an attractive house in Nepal 's capital were taking punishment from the Antarctic weather and an equally unforgiving enemy on a remote island chain in the South Atlantic . "  Suddenly we were in the coldest part of the country , with clothing and things not suitable for a climate like that , " said Chandra Kumar Pradhan , as he recalled his time as a soldier serving with the British Army during the Falklands War in 1982 . "  You 're walking with all those loads and everything , six or seven hours , you were sweating like hell ; and then suddenly you stop , as soon as you stop you started digging and sweat more , and then ... you were freezing , because the wind was blowing into the sweat , it was horrible . " Despite the fact that the 7th Duke of Edinburgh 's Own Gurkha Rifles Regiment were a part of the British task force sent to repel an Argentine invasion of the Falkland Islands -- known as the Malvinas by Argentina , who also claim them -- their role has been largely absent from media accounts of the conflict . Bloody conflict This is probably because they never got to fire a shot against their enemy -- though they felt the brunt of Argentine bombs throughout the 74-day conflict , with many of their number injured by flying shrapnel . By the end of the conflict Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 , while Britain 's civil and military losses amounted to 255 , according to the Ministry of Defense . The four comrades -- Bhuwansing Limbu , Chandra Kumar Pradhan , Deoman Limbu and Nirbahadur Tamang -- are Nepalese and veterans of a detachment of a British Army that harks back to its colonial past . The Brigade of Gurkhas , composed of more than 3,000 soldiers of Nepalese descent , who traditionally served in the British Indian Army before India became independent in 1947 . The four were also talking to an Argentine for the first time in their lives , which may have been a problem if the deep silence that followed this revelation was anything to go by . Shared interests Fortunately , two things saved the interview . First , I live in Hong Kong , where they were based and trained for many years before Britain 's handover of the territory to China in 1997 . Secondly , we share a passion for hiking -- a hugely popular pastime in Hong Kong -- and a conversation about the city 's trails helped defuse the uneasiness . These men had joined the army in the 1960s , having had their first experience of war during the Borneo Confrontation -- a conflict between British-backed Malaysia and Indonesia that ended in 1966 . "  I was very new at the time , I had been with the regiment for , I think , two weeks , " Pradhan said . He was just 18 when he first saw action . On leaving the British Army in the 1990s , the men could have chosen to live in the country they had defended . But they chose their home in the Himalayas . "  I have been around the world , and Nepal is the only country where you can see the mountains from your window , " Pradhan said . "  I love Nepal , most of our relatives and friends are here , " Bhuwansing Limbu added . "  One -LSB- of my -RSB- daughters and two -LSB- of my -RSB- sons have UK citizenship , but they do n't like to go there , therefore , I like to stay here in my motherland , " Nirbahadur Tamang explained . Argentine ambition These men who have seen the world but never visited Argentina . "  I always tell my daughter , one day I will definitely go to Argentina , " said Pradhan . "  But if we go to Argentina and if they know we are Gurkhas who fought in the Falklands , will they be angry with us ? " I could n't reply that question . Nationalists exist everywhere but I believe most Argentines want to forgive , forget and get on with their lives . At the end of the day , most of the men sent by my country to fight one of the most professional armies on Earth were still teenagers . "  You could see on the faces of these guys , they were not fully trained for the war , " Pradhan recalled . "  They were conscripts -- we knew that later on , " Deoman Limbu added . As the men cycled through their wartime memories one thing became apparent : there was no clear advantage for either side during the confrontation . "  They had better assets , they had better clothing , " Pradhan said . "  All of their weapons were deployed there , " Deoman Limbu continued . The men described having had one of their best battlefield meals from abandoned Argentine rations . Alternative outcome And this led to a second silence in the conversation while they pondered something else . What would have happened if the Argentine military had enjoyed a more favorable outcome ? The hemisphere 's bloodiest dictatorship would have been strengthened and lengthened . Fortunately , the ruling junta in Buenos Aires fell shortly after our defeat . I was just an eight-year-old boy when democracy finally ended our plight , and I am lucky to have almost no recollection of those bitter years ; I belong to the "  almost-unscathed generation . " One of the most emotional parts of our encounter -- well after the end of our formal interview -- came when I thanked these aging Nepali men , who were once young and thirsty for adventure , for helping to bring freedom to my country -- even if they did n't know it and despite the cost in human lives , British and Argentine .	Gurkha units of British army deployed to fight in the Falklands War in 1982 The Nepal-born troops are a product of Britain 's colonial past Their regiment was part of British task force sent to repel Argentine invasion of islands
CNN  -- If your first tweet sets the tone for what you 're all about , what are we supposed to make of #HereWeGo , Monica Lewinky 's first social media salutation ? Is she expressing anxiety at plunging into the sometimes scalding cauldron of Twitter ? Or maybe just giving a shout-out to Bud Light ? Time will tell , but Lewinsky is not the first notable figure to make a cautious debut on social media . Perhaps that 's understandable for someone like the former White House intern , who has a complicated relationship with the public . But then what 's comedian Jimmy Fallon 's excuse ? He debuted on the platform with the lukewarm greeting , "  I 'm getting started on twitter , " in 2008 . There 's certainly an art to it . Most of us , thankfully , can blunder onto social platforms in anonymity , but if you 're Lewinsky , Warren Buffett or Hillary Clinton , you 're bound to get more attention than the average twit . Lewinsky 's Twitter debut this week prompted us to look back through the archives for some memorable first tweets . Do you remember yours ?  This tool will help .  Feel free to share it in the comments .	Monica Lewinsky is perhaps the latest well-known person to join Twitter Her first tweet , " #HereWeGo , " was a cautious one Some famous first tweets show humor , awareness of the platform
CNN  -- The United States will support an effort by several members of the U.N. Security Council to override the United Nations ' sanctions committee and allow countries to free up frozen Libyan assets to speedily provide funds for the Libyan opposition 's National Transitional Council . The Obama administration has tried for days to get approval from the U.N. sanctions committee to unfreeze $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion worth of Libyan assets , but South Africa has been blocking that move . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi funded South Africa 's African National Congress -- now the ruling party -- when it was a liberation movement fighting the white apartheid regime . A Security Council meeting Wednesday concluded without a vote on a draft resolution to free $ 1.5 billion of assets . If South Africa does n't lift its objections , Washington will call for a vote Thursday afternoon , U.S. officials said . South Africa -- which the officials say does not object to releasing some , but not all , of the money for urgent humanitarian needs -- does not have veto power and would not be able to block the resolution . "  We 're simply proposing more time , " South African Ambassador Baso Sangqu said Wednesday . He said it is premature for the United Nations to recognize the rebels as the legitimate government of Libya , which would be the effect of releasing the money to them . He added that there is a version of the resolution that "  excludes any recognition by the Security Council of either party . And if that is carried , South Africa will consider that . " Earlier in the day , a senior Obama administration official , speaking on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue , said : "  If we do not have sanctions committee action today , which is the best way for this to work , ... we will support the effort by some other countries to get this done in the Security Council . " "  This has been going on for weeks and weeks , " the official said . The administration official said that "  if there are members who are not going to support  the resolution  , we 're going to find another way to get the Libyans their money . " Large amounts of money held by the Libyan regime in foreign bank accounts were frozen by the council in February and March . The resolution would also lift sanctions from banks and other Libyan entities . CNN 's Richard Roth reported from the United Nations ; Jill Dougherty reported from Washington ; Mick Krever contributed to this report .	The United States and other countries are exploring ways to help the Libyan rebels A resolution would free $ 1.5 million of frozen Libyan assets South Africa has been blocking committee approval of the resolution
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  The high brick wall outside the Army Public School and Degree College in Peshawar gives the first clue into the horror that unfolded inside its classrooms . A section of barbed wire has been cut at the top , allowing some of the Taliban attackers who struck Tuesday to scale the wall with bamboo ladders and drop inside , intent on killing . Another team of militants got in further down the wall . And then they took off toward the school buildings . As they burst into the main auditorium , full of children taking classes , the attackers split into two teams . Now the media , allowed into the school by the Pakistani army , can see close-up the carnage they wrought . Overturned wooden chairs lie on the floor , pools of reddish-brown dried blood beneath them . More blood has pooled under red fabric-covered seats set in rows . It was here that so many children cowered , trying to hide under benches and chairs . A single brown shoe sits discarded under one seat , the fate of its owner unknown . A brigadier was giving a lesson in first aid when the attackers charged in . Bandages and other first aid equipment lie tumbled on a desk . A dummy used in class remains on the floor where the brigadier fell . "  They shot me as soon as they came in , " says 17-year-old survivor Sadeel Ahmed , speaking from his hospital bed . "  We tried to run . I was shot in my shoulder . The people they came , they had no sense of humanity in them . They killed little children . Muslims would not do this . " Cold-blooded murder More puddles of drying blood and abandoned shoes lie by one of two doors through which the army says the students sought to flee the auditorium . A hundred of them were gunned down as they tried to escape , in an act of cold-blooded murder . It was the place where the greatest number of lives were lost . Beyond the auditorium , blood splatters can still be seen on the ground in all directions . Not satisfied with their slaughter in the auditorium , the Taliban attackers went upstairs to a computer lab . Pools of blood on the floor show how their young victims , many of them sons and daughters of army personnel from around Peshawar , were sprayed with bullets as they sat at each machine . Classroom after classroom tells the same brutal story . A pair of glasses on the floor here , children 's pencils and pens there , a page from a schoolbook lying torn and crumpled . Bullet holes punctuate a blackboard where the teacher would have been standing . Below , another gruesome red stain where the teacher fell . Final showdown In the administration block , where the final showdown took place between Taliban militants and security forces , shattered bricks by the door show where one attacker detonated his suicide vest . Shrapnel from the ball bearings packed inside the vest , to cause maximum harm when detonated , pockmarks the wall to one side . Soldiers with guns still stand guard as the media are allowed in to see the culmination of a bloody siege that lasted several hours . Rubble on the far side of the room shows where another suicide bomber blew himself up , leaving chaos and devastation behind . The principal 's office is nearby . She also was killed , one of a dozen teachers to lose their lives in the attack . Right at the end of the corridor , its painted walls pocked and blasted , is the spot where the last suicide bomber detonated his vest . The deputy principal , who hid in a room nearby , survived . In the dusty , sunlit yard into which the corridor opens lie the remains of the last attacker -- a small mound covered by a white cloth , another soldier standing by . A day earlier , the people of Peshawar mourned as they buried their dead -- more than 140 of them , mostly children , who 'd blithely left home for an ordinary day at school , never to come home . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Peshawar and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Victoria Eastwood , Sophia Saifi and Javed Iqbal also contributed to this report .	Pakistan 's military allows media in to see the devastation inside the Peshawar school Blood stains the floor of the auditorium where Taliban attackers killed many of the children The attackers "  had no sense of humanity in them , " says one survivor , shot in the shoulder The remains of the last militant to die still lie , covered , in the spot where he blew himself up
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea announced Sunday that it reached a deal with the United States that allows Seoul to extend the range of its ballistic missiles , a move a senior security official says will deter military provocation from North Korea . The announcement from South Korean national security adviser Chun Yung-woo comes amid increased tensions between the two Koreas following Pyongyang 's test firing in April of a long-range rocket , which exploded shortly after it was launched . The deal with Washington revised the range of Seoul 's missiles from 300 kilometers  186 miles  to 800 kilometers  497 miles  , Chun told reporters . "  The important goal in revising the missile pact is to deter armed provocation from North Korea , " Chun said . "  If North Korea is to attack or provoke , we are able to incapacitate its nuclear and missile  capabilities  in the early stage . We have guaranteed various capabilities to protect the life and safety of our people . " At that range , the missile range would include North Korea 's northern peninsula . Under the amended pact , South Korea also can increase its current restricted payload of 500 kilograms  1,100 pounds  , depending on the range of the missile . The plan allows for three times the current payload for ballistic missiles with a range of 300 kilometers . South Korea first agreed in 1972 to limit its missile range to 180 kilometers  112 miles  in exchange for access to U.S. missile technology . A bilateral agreement between the two countries was signed in 1979 , though the guidelines were revised in 2001 to allow for a range of 300 kilometers . The two Koreas signed an armistice that ended the 1950-1953 Korean war , though a peace treaty was never signed . Technically , the two countries remain in a state of war . Roughly 28,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea . New North Korean missile or parade float ? North Korea test-fires 3 short-range missiles , Seoul says CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	The extended missile range allows Seoul to defend itself , a security official says The agreement allows Seoul to fire missiles up to 800 kilometers  497 miles At that range , South Korean missiles could strike the northern peninsula of North Korea Previously , the South agreed to limit its missile range in exchange for access to U.S. technology
