NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian tourism authorities will be holding English classes for auto-rickshaw drivers in New Delhi as the city prepares to host the Commonwealth Games in 2010 . Auto-rickshaw drivers are being taught English ahead of the Commenwealth Games . More than 40,000 natural gas-fueled auto-rickshaws , or motorized three-wheeled taxis , run on the Indian capital 's dilapidated roads , according to the city government statistics . The city is expected to host around 100,000 tourists during the Commonwealth Games scheduled from October 3-14 in 2010 . About 9,000 athletes and officials of 52 Commonwealth countries are likely to participate . Some 8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in the training program that will involve classes in yoga , life skills , first aid , spoken English and psychometric tests , federal Tourism Secretary Sujit Banerjee announced Tuesday . Each trainee will be paid Rs 200 , or about $ 4 , daily for attending the program spread over 200 sessions for a year . Indian auto-rickshaw drivers have often been accused of overcharging , refusing short trips and misbehavior . Traffic authorities have in the past opened a range of avenues for passengers to lodge their complaints -- such as on help lines , via text messages or simply calling a telephone number printed on the three-wheeled cabs . "  The India image that we strive to convey to a foreign tourist depends , to a large degree , on how good the taxi/auto-rickshaw  driver  that he or she meets is in his demeanor and conduct , " Banerjee remarked .	More than 40,000 auto-rickshaws ply roads of Indian capital City expected to host 100,000 tourists during Commonwealth Games 8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in training program
CNN  -- Christian groups in the Philippines planned to protest Lady Gaga 's performances there Monday and Tuesday , just after Muslim protests have cast doubt whether she will be allowed to perform in Indonesia . "  This protest is not against Lady Gaga as a person but on her music and on how she declares distorted views about the Lord Jesus Christ , " said Reuben Abante , bishop of Lighthouse Bible Baptist Church and secretary-general of Biblemode Youth , which is leading the protests . Reached by phone , Abante said he expected a couple thousand protesters outside the Manila venue , Mall of Asia Arena , Monday night for a grand prayer rally before the concert . "  We are Christian Filipinos . She comes to our land . For us , this is something that should not be shown to the youth we have . " His brother , the group 's president , is former Congressman Benny Abante , himself a pastor . Of particular offense to the group is the pop star 's song , "  Judas , " with lyrics like , "  Whoa whoa I 'm in love with Juda-as , Jud-as , " "  Jesus is my virtue and Judas is the demon I cling to I cling to . " Lady Gaga 's Filipino promoter , Ovation Productions , is run by Renen de Guia , who is described on the company 's website as a born-again Christian . Attempts to reach him were not successful . When asked if Lady Gaga 's concerts could contravene Philippine laws , Loretta Ann P. Rosales , chairwoman of the Commission on Human Rights , replied in an email , "  The Philippines is proud of the fact that we do indeed have one of the best Bill of Rights in our Constitution that has the widest latitude as all other Constitutional democracies in protecting freedom of thought , freedom of expression , freedom of religion . " "  I have heard raves over her concert by Filipinos who have watched her , " she added . "  Maybe I shall have a chance to enjoy her concert too one day . " It is not the first time Rosales and Abante have faced off ; in 2006 , while both were in Congress , Abante had blocked passage of an anti-discrimination bill co-authored by Rosales aimed at protecting lesbians , gays , bisexuals and transgenders . For Lady Gaga , the protests in the Philippines are the latest in her problematic Asian tour . Her provocative lyrics and risquÃ © costumes have prompted conservative Muslims in Indonesia to call for the cancellation of her upcoming concert in Jakarta . As of Monday , her Indonesian promoter , Big Daddy Entertainment , was still trying to secure a permit , and the June 3 event was still on , according to its website . Read more about the Muslim protests against Lady Gaga When she opened her tour in Seoul , South Korea , last month , it was to concertgoers aged 18 and above after the Korea Media Rating Board banned the show for minors , even with an accompanying parent or guardian . At the heart of Lady Gaga 's "  Born This Way " tour is her message to gay youth to embrace and accept their sexual identities .	NEW : Commission on Human Rights says freedom of thought , expression , religion protected Christian group 's leader expects two thousand protesters outside Manila venue Lady Gaga 's Filipino promoter is run by a born-again Christian In Indonesia , her promoter is still trying to secure a permit
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five militants set off a deadly car bomb and then stormed a guest house used by foreigners in Afghanistan 's capital Friday , holding a number of people hostage during a standoff with police before one of them was shot dead and the four others blew themselves up , the country 's deputy interior minister said . A girl was killed and a security guard was wounded in the explosion at the beginning of the attack , said Deputy Interior Minister Gen. Mohammad Ayoub Salangi . Everyone who had been held inside the building escaped unharmed , he said . The girl 's name and information on her nationality were n't immediately available . A spokesman for the Interior Ministry , Sediq Sediqqi , said 20 foreign nationals were moved to a safe place during the attack . He said the target of the attack was Roots of Peace , a U.S.-based aid organization whose offices are in the building . The group works with people of war-torn communities "  to provide lasting economic opportunities , " according to its Facebook page . "  Our guesthouse was under attack , but all our workers are safe , " the organization 's country director , Mohammad Sharif Osmani , told CNN . The Taliban claimed responsibility , with a spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid , saying they attacked a location used by foreigners as a church and for converting Afghans to Christianity . The attack began when an unoccupied car containing a bomb exploded outside the building , the deputy interior minister said . As five militants stormed the guest house , police shot and killed one , he said . The four others held inside the five people -- three Americans , a Malaysian and a person from an unspecified African country -- as a standoff with police unfolded , he said . The Uzbek Embassy and offices of other organizations are located nearby , police said . The attack came three days after militants stormed an election commission office in Kabul . That led to a five-hour gunbattle with Afghan security services in which five people were killed -- two police officers , two election commission workers and a provincial council candidate , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry said . The Taliban , who also claimed responsibility for Tuesday 's attack , have vowed to use force to disrupt the planned April 5 presidential election . Last week , the Taliban also claimed responsibility for an attack on the Afghan capital 's Serena Hotel in which a reporter for the Agence France-Presse news agency , his wife and two of his three children were killed . Five others were also killed . The hotel was hosting celebrations to mark the eve of the Persian New Year . Reported by Journalist Qadir Seddiqi and CNN 's Masoud Popalzai and Anna Coren , in Kabul , written by Tom Watkins in Atlanta . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Jason Hanna and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : A girl was killed and a security guard wounded in bombing , an official says All 5 attackers are dead , officials say The attack comes ahead of the Afghan presidential election The Taliban have claimed responsibility
Washington  CNN  -- A senior administrator with the Federal Air Marshal Service has been removed from his leadership position while the agency investigates a "  culturally insensitive " remark he made on a recent conference call , CNN confirmed Tuesday . John A. Novak , assistant director of the service , dismissed a black colleague 's suggestion that the agency hold regional meetings to improve communications by saying such meetings are "  nothing but traveling minstrel shows with people with banjos and guitars , " said a senior government official familiar with the investigation . The reference to minstrel shows , in which white performers in blackface lampooned African Americans , was offensive , the senior official said . "  It was dumb . It was stupid . It was egregious , " added the official , who spoke on condition of not being identified by name . The official was not authorized to speak about the case publicly . The controversy comes at a time when the new director of the air marshal service , Robert Bray , is trying to distance the agency from accusations that it is rife with racism , sexism and favoritism . In recent years , numerous federal air marshals -- plainclothes officers who protect planes from terrorists -- have complained of unequal treatment . Most famously , agents in the Orlando office complained that supervisors there used a "  Jeopardy Board " game with terms that were offensive toward homosexuals and others . Officials with the federal Transportation Security Administration , which includes the air marshal service , confirmed Tuesday that Novak had been reassigned from his post as head of field operations , pending an investigation . "  TSA holds its employees to the highest professional standards , " TSA spokesman Nicholas Kimball said . "  TSA and the Office of Law Enforcement/Federal Air Marshal Services takes any allegation of misconduct seriously and inappropriate actions will not be tolerated . " The circumstances surrounding Novak 's comments , which he made during a conference call two weeks ago , are being investigated by TSA 's Office of Inspection , sources within the agency said . On Monday , Novak apologized in person to two special agents in charge who had been offended by the remark , said Fida Majzoub , another spokesperson for the air marshals service . Reached by CNN on Tuesday , Novak declined to comment , citing the ongoing investigation . Novak , a former Secret Service Agent , has served with the Federal Air Marshal Service since 2002 . Several officials who claimed lengthy work experience with Novak said he has no history of making racist or racially tinged comments . Novak recently helped coordinate a series of meetings with regional offices on how to handle Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaints , one official said . Told of the incident by CNN , Jon Adler , the head of an association that represents rank-and-file air marshals , called the incident "  unacceptable . " "  We all need to respect and abide by the zero tolerance policy in the government . In an instance where it 's coming from an executive , it 's sub-zero tolerance , " said Adler , national president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association . "  It 's incumbent upon them as leaders to set an example , not violate it , " Adler said . An internal e-mail obtained by CNN said Novak will become "  acting executive advisor " at the TSA effective November 21 , pending a review by an internal board . CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	An investigation of the incident is under way The official involved has been reassigned for now , TSA officials say Reached by CNN , the official declines to comment
CNN  -- A defensive end for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers was arraigned late Monday night after being accused of having a semiautomatic weapon in his suitcase at New York 's LaGuardia Airport , according to the Queens District Attorney 's Office . Da'Quan Bowers , 22 , was charged with second-degree criminal possession by Judge Toko Serita in New York Criminal Court late Monday night , according to Meris Campbell of the Queens District Attorney 's Office . Bail was set at $ 10,000 , Campbell said . Video recorded outside the courthouse Monday night showed Bowers getting into a car and driving away after the arraignment . Bowers was arrested at an airport ticket counter with a .40 - caliber handgun , according to Rudy King , a spokesperson for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which runs the airport . Campbell said there were no bullets in the gun , but there were bullets near the gun in a separate location . According to New York firearms law , if bullets are found next to the weapon , it is considered loaded , Campbell said . Bowers was headed to North Carolina and was flying on US Airways , Campbell said . In a statement CNN obtained from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Monday , General Manager Mark Dominik said : "  We are aware of the situation and are gathering information . We will withhold comment until we know all the facts . " Calls were not immediately returned Monday from Bowers ' defense attorney , Dennis Coppin . Campbell said that if bail is posted , Bowers will be able to leave New York if he chooses . His next court date is April 25 . It was unclear Monday night whether Bowers had a permit for the gun . Frum : Obama needs Plan B on guns Guns not only source of Chicago violence	Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Da'Quan Bowers had gun at airport , authorities allege He was arrested at a LaGuardia Airport ticket counter , the port authority says He was charged with second-degree criminal possession , the district attorney 's office says
CNN  -- A North Carolina man accused of plotting to wage holy war overseas also planned to attack the U.S. Marine base at Quantico , Virginia , according to new charges announced Thursday . Daniel Boyd previously was charged with conspiracy to support terrorists and conspiracy to murder . The charge is one of three counts in a new indictment against Daniel Patrick Boyd , who authorities allege is the ringleader of a group of men charged with training in North Carolina for a "  violent jihad . " Boyd and another man , Hysen Sherifi , are charged with conspiring to murder U.S. military personnel . "  Boyd undertook reconnaissance of the Marine Corps Base located in Quantico , Virginia , and obtained maps of the base in order to plan an attack on Quantico , " the charges state . FBI agents found weapons , thousands of rounds of ammunition and $ 13,000 cash in Boyd 's Raleigh-area home , an FBI agent testified at an August bond hearing for the men , who were arrested in late July . The original indictment says the men practiced military tactics in a North Carolina county that borders Virginia . The latest indictment also charges Boyd , Sherifi , and Boyd 's son Zakariya with possession of weapons in furtherance of a crime of violence , while Boyd faces an additional charge of providing a rifle and ammunition to a convicted felon . Boyd and seven others already have been charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and conspiracy to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people . One of the men is believed to have fled to Pakistan , and the remaining men are in custody . In August , a federal judge denied bail for the seven in custody , but expressed skepticism about the charges against them . Magistrate Judge William Webb said the defendants made a number statements espousing holy war , and said the statements could be interpreted in isolation as braggadocio . But he agreed to keep them in jail because some of them had amassed a large arsenal and engaged in firearms training .	Daniel Boyd , another man charged with conspiring to murder U.S. military personnel Boyd previously was charged with conspiring to provide support to terrorists Authorities allege Boyd led group training for holy war overseas Boyd was arrested in July
CNN  -- Evidence consistent with human decomposition was found in the trunk of a car belonging to a Florida woman charged with killing her 3-year-old daughter , according to a forensic report released Friday . Caylee Anthony , 3 , disappeared in mid-June but was n't reported missing until a month later . "  Both odor analysis and LIBS results appear to be quite consistent with a decompositional event having occurred in the trunk of the vehicle , " said the report from Tennessee 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory , noting that the results were preliminary . Testing indicates that the decomposition could be human , the report adds . Casey Anthony , who drove the car , was arrested this month and charged with first-degree murder and other charges in the disappearance of her daughter , Caylee . Caylee was last seen in mid-June , but Casey Anthony waited about a month before telling her family the child was gone . LIBS is laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy , one of the techniques used in chemical analysis . Testing was conducted on air and carpet samples from the vehicle . The tests indicated "  the presence of the five key major compounds associated with human decomposition , " the report said . The tests also found "  an unusually large concentration of chloroform " in the trunk , according to the Oak Ridge report . Chloroform can be used to render someone unconscious . However , trace amounts of chloroform were also found on a control carpet sample , the report said . Watch Nancy Grace report on the chloroform discovery " The report also says evidence of possible decomposition was found on a hair located among debris in the trunk . The hair is "  microscopically similar " to one recovered from Caylee 's hair brush , the report said , but "  a more meaningful conclusion can not be reached as this is not a suitable known hair sample . " The report was released by prosecutors as part of the case 's public record . Prosecutors said they would not comment further on them . Todd Black , a spokesman for Casey Anthony 's attorney , Jose Baez , said the evidence does not link Casey Anthony to any criminal behavior . "  There 's nothing in those reports that links Casey Anthony to any wrongdoing with her daughter , Caylee , " he said . Casey Anthony was arrested October 14 in a traffic stop after a grand jury indicted her on seven counts of first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and four counts of providing false information to police . If convicted of the capital murder charge , she could face the death penalty or a life sentence . Police and prosecutors have said little about the case , but hundreds of pages of documents and investigative reports have been released . They indicate that Casey Anthony went to nightclubs , entered "  hot body " contests and text-messaged her friends while her daughter was missing . Copies of cell phone and text records released to the public show that she hardly ever mentioned Caylee during the time just before and after the girl was reported missing . And in May , just before Caylee disappeared , her mother referred to the girl as "  the little snot head . " Casey 's mother , Cindy Anthony , called the sheriff in Orange County , Florida , on July 15 , saying her daughter would n't tell her where Caylee was . Casey 's brother , Lee Anthony , also pleaded with his sister to tell him where Caylee was , according to police documents . She told him she had n't seen the child in "  31 days . " When questioned , Casey Anthony gave conflicting statements to police , including some that were later disproved , accounting for the charges of providing false information . She claimed that she dropped Caylee off with a baby-sitter , but when police checked out her story , they learned that the address Casey Anthony supplied belonged to an apartment that had been vacant for weeks . The woman Casey Anthony named as her baby-sitter told police she did not know her . Investigators have said cadaver dogs picked up the scent of death in Casey Anthony 's car and her parents ' backyard . A neighbor told police Casey Anthony had asked to borrow a shovel . Preliminary air quality tests conducted by the FBI found evidence consistent with human decomposition and chloroform in the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car , investigators previously said . Further analysis of Casey Anthony 's computer found that she had visited Web sites discussing chloroform , as well as Internet searches of missing children . CNN Headline News ' Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Preliminary lab tests say decomposition evidence could be human , report says Tests also find "  unusually large concentration of chloroform " in trunk Casey Anthony is charged with first-degree murder in daughter 's disappearance Lawyer 's spokesman says evidence does n't link Casey to any wrongdoing
CNN  -- A stuffy , overcrowded cell . At times , two or three men to a single bunk . Lockdown for 23 out of 24 hours . Is this what awaits South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius if he is not released on bail while he awaits trial for the murder of his girlfriend ? Some of South Africa 's prisons are better than others . But whichever one might house Pistorius , there 's no question that conditions would be a far cry from those in his $ 560,000 home in the luxury Silverwoods Estate , on the outskirts of Pretoria . South African prisons are frequently overcrowded , putting a strain on sanitation , ventilation and medical care , according to Nooshin Erfani-Ghadimi , project coordinator for the Johannesburg-based Wits Justice Project , a civil society group . The overcrowding means three men may share a single cell , or communal cells for 40 people are jammed with double the number they were intended to hold , with men sleeping in double or triple bunks , she said . "  We heard of one person who for the first year in remand detention slept on the floor and then ` graduated ' to a bunk , " she said . Remand is the term used for pretrial custody . Many inmates are kept locked up for 23 hours a day , with only an hour outside their cell . Some prisons go into lockdown as early as 3 or 4 p.m. , leaving prisoners cooped up for 12 hours or more at a stretch . "  It 's not a pretty picture , " Erfani-Ghadimi said . Overcrowding is a particular problem in remand prisons , where it runs at just over 200 % , she said , citing figures from the Department of Correctional Services . Overall , overcrowding in prisons stands at about 133 % . And Pretoria Central Prison , perhaps the most likely destination for Pistorius if he does n't get bail , "  does n't have a very good reputation , " Erfani-Ghadimi said . Special treatment ? The track star 's high-profile case is likely to thrust South Africa 's criminal justice system under the spotlight . Questions have already been asked about why Pistorius , a gold medal-winning Paralympian , is being detained in a holding cell at the Brooklyn Police Station -- and not at Central Prison or Newlock , where other defendants awaiting trial are kept . "  If there is some special circumstance that permits this , authorities must share this with the public as they are setting a bad precedent , " the women 's branch of South Africa 's ruling party said in a prepared statement . "  All should be treated equally before the law no matter your standing in society . " Pistorius is getting special treatment , the African National Congress Women 's League said , adding that his family can visit him outside visiting hours -- unlike relatives of other inmates . "  If Pistorius is denied bail , he must be moved to a proper prison facility with others accused of similar crimes , " the statement said . "  A strong message must be sent out that wealth and celebrity can not give you an advantage over the law . " The 26-year-old has rejected the murder allegation "  in the strongest terms , " his agent said in a statement . Pistorius ' lawyers requested Brooklyn last week so that they could have access to their client over the weekend , following his arrest Thursday . The state did not object . The case of Shrien Dewani , a British man accused of hiring hitmen to kill his wife on their South African honeymoon , cast the country 's criminal justice system in an unflattering light . His lawyers argued last year that his extradition would breach his human rights under European law because he risked being attacked by other inmates in South African prisons . While British High Court judges dismissed that part of Dewani 's argument , concerns about potential torture and abuse in detention are warranted , Erfani-Ghadimi said . South Africa is a signatory to the U.N. Convention on Torture , but it has yet to ratify it , so such abuses have not been criminalized . "  A legacy of apartheid is that prison cells are still unfortunately a place where prisoners can be abused , " Erfani-Ghadimi said . Amnesty International 's Annual Report 2012 , which looked at human rights around the world , also said that a draft law to make torture a criminal offense had not been presented in South Africa 's parliament by the end of the year . Human dignity Nevertheless , said Erfani-Ghadimi , the problem does n't lie in South Africa 's laws so much as in the ability of the justice system to cope with the number of inmates in the system . South Africa 's constitution and its bill of rights , with regard to prisoners ' rights , are among the best in the world , she said . "  Unfortunately , that does n't necessarily translate into practice . " She says she thinks conditions are improving , however , thanks in part to the strength of those constitutional rights and the work of civil society organizations campaigning for change . And Pistorius , if he ends up spending time on remand or is eventually convicted and jailed , should find that his particular medical needs as a double amputee are taken into account , she said . This could mean that he is sent to a prison with better medical facilities or wheelchair access , she suggested . According to the bill of rights , prisoners are entitled to "  be detained in conditions that are consistent with human dignity , including at least exercise and the provision , at state expense , of adequate accommodation , nutrition , medical treatment . " Correctional Services Department spokesman Koos Gerber said South Africa 's detention facilities , whether for remand prisoners or those serving prison terms , "  can accommodate people with any disabilities . " "  We have a general problem of overcrowding but we have learned to live with it , " said Gerber , adding that extra bunks have been added to make sure all remand prisoners have a bed . Hospital facilities are also available at all times , he said . According to official figures for 2011 to 2012 , there were 158,790 prison inmates in South Africa , a nation of nearly 52 million , of whom about 30 % were on remand awaiting trial . This compares with about 2.2 million people in prisons or jails in the United States at the end of 2011 , according to U.S. Department of Justice figures . Crowding in U.S. prisons stood at 39 % over capacity in 2011 , according to a Government Accountability Office report . Long wait for trial Erfani-Ghadimi blames systemic problems for South Africa 's overcrowding . One issue is that police are quick to arrest people , she said , and they have only 48 hours from arrest to bring charges . After they are charged , many suspects can not afford to make bail or hire a lawyer and so are forced to spend months or even years behind bars awaiting trial , she said . Investigations are often poorly run and courtrooms can be overcrowded , adding to the hurdles faced by those on remand , she said . "  Because the system is cumbersome and slow , there 's a lot of people stuck waiting -- and that means the conditions are not by any means ideal , " she added . A "  statement of agreed factual findings " filed in a Constitutional Court ruling in December , in favor of a man who contracted tuberculosis while imprisoned , gives insight into what could lie ahead for Pistorius . The statement describes the conditions Dudley Lee endured in Cape Town 's Pollsmoor Maximum Security Prison -- where Nelson Mandela was once held -- before he was eventually acquitted and freed . Prisoners going to court appearances were "  stuffed into vans like sardines , " it said . Holding cells at court were also "  jam-packed . " Meanwhile , conditions back at the prison were far from pleasant -- though ideal for the spread of disease . Packed , smoky cells The air inside the communal cells , locked down without cross-ventilation for up to 15 hours a day , was thick with cigarette smoke , the statement said . Even after Lee was diagnosed with TB , he was kept in a cell with other prisoners . He "  begged , bullied and bribed " to get the medication he needed . As a world-famous athlete , Pistorius has money to pay for good defense attorneys , unlike many in the South African justice system . He stated his annual income was 5.6 million rand  $ 631,000  at his bail hearing this week . Nonetheless , his lawyers face an uphill battle on the bail issue , with South African law requiring evidence of "  exceptional circumstances " to justify the release of defendants accused of premeditated murder . If they fail , Pistorius could face several months on remand before his case goes to trial . And if convicted of premeditated murder , he would face 25 years in prison before being eligible for parole . His lawyers will be trying to make sure that does n't happen .	South Africa 's prisons are generally overcrowded , says the Wits Justice Project Some single cells house two or three inmates , and ventilation is often poor Lockdowns keep prisoners cooped up in cells for long periods Oscar Pistorius could spend months in custody awaiting trial if his application for bail fails
CNN  -- When Barcelona trailed Getafe 2-0 on the road in La Liga on Sunday , things looked bleak for the defending champion . It was still without talisman Lionel Messi and there was no Neymar , either , because the Brazilian was suspended . Midfield playmaker Xavi was the latest player to join the injury list . But Barcelona still had Pedro , and the Spanish international forward netted a first half hat-trick to inspire a comeback 5-2 victory . Cesc Fabregas accounted for Barca 's two other goals . As a result Barcelona returned to first place on goal difference ahead of Atletico Madrid heading into the Christmas break . Atletico had rallied itself on Saturday , beating Levante 3-2 . "  We maintained our form despite being down two goals and we ended up playing a really good game , " Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino was quoted as saying by the club website . Sergio Escudero and Lisandro Lopez gave Madrid-based Getafe the perfect start , scoring in the 10th and 14th minutes , respectively . Not long after , however , Pedro took over with his nine-minute treble . Fabregas set up his chip in the 34th minute , Pedro curled a shot into the top corner in the 41st and two minutes later he pounced from close range . Pedro has scored in his last four starts and boosted his league tally to 10 to pass Messi for the team lead . "  He has a great capacity to score , " said Martino . "  Not only with Barca but with Spain as well . He never gives up . It does n't matter if he 's a starter or if he comes into the match as a sub , he does n't give up . " Getafe -- which won four straight games in September and October but was thumped 7-0 by Atletico last month -- almost equalized early in the second half through Diego Castro . That was its last real opportunity . Pedro assisted on Fabregas ' effort in the 68th minute and was subsequently fouled in the box . Fabregas made no mistake from the spot in the 72nd minute . Real Madrid later downed Valencia 3-2 away to once again pull within five points of the leaders . Some would say Madrid was fortunate , since Cristiano Ronaldo 's goal in the 40th minute might have been offside and Jese 's winner in the 82nd came when Vicente Guaita was beaten at the near post . A calf injury sidelined blockbuster summer signing Gareth Bale but his replacement , Angel di Maria , opened the scoring for Madrid . Easy for Juve In Italy , Juventus has responded in the best possible fashion in Serie A after being knocked out of the Champions League . It thumped Sassuolo 4-0 thanks to a Carlos Tevez hat-trick and the striker scored again in Sunday 's 4-1 win at Atalanta . Atalanta did have some reason to celebrate -- Maximiliano Moralez 's goal in the 15th minute was the first the Old Lady conceded in the league in nine matches . Roma kept pace , staying five points behind the defending champion , with a 4-0 win over last-place Catania . Although still unbeaten in Serie A , Roma had drawn five of its six previous encounters . In the Milan derby , a backheel four minutes from time from Rodrigo Palacio saw Inter prevail over AC Milan 1-0 . Inter rose to fifth but is 15 points behind Juventus , while Milan is only five points above the relegation zone . To add to Milan 's misery , Sulley Muntari received a red card in injury time .	Barcelona beats Getafe 5-2 to replace Atletico Madrid atop Spain 's La Liga Getafe took a 2-0 lead at home but a Pedro hat-trick gave Barca a halftime advantage Barcelona won despite missing the likes of Lionel Messi , Neymar and Xavi Juventus maintained its five-point lead over Roma in Italy 's Serie A
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has added Caucasus Emirate , a Chechen group based in North Caucasus , to its list of terrorist groups , and authorized an award of up to $ 5 million for information leading to the location of its leader , the State Department announced Thursday . The designation was made under the authority of a presidential executive order that targets groups and individuals that provide support to terrorists , terrorist organizations or acts of terrorism . In a news release , the State Department said investigators had identified the group 's leader , Doku Umarov , as having organized a suicide bombing outside the Chechen Interior Ministry in May 2009 . The group also claimed responsibility for the bombing of the Domodedovo airport in Moscow earlier this year that killed 36 people , last year 's bombings of the Moscow subway that killed 40 , and the bombing of the high-speed Nevsky Express train in 2009 in which 28 people died . Umarov , 47 , was born in Kharsenoi , Chechnya , in the former Soviet Union . He has issued several statements in the past encouraging his followers to commit acts of violence against his group 's enemies , which include the United States , Israel and the United Kingdom in addition to Russia . "  The designation of Caucasus Emirate is in response to the threats posed to the United States and Russia , " Ambassador Daniel Benjamin , the Department of State 's coordinator for counterterrorism , said in the news release . "  The attacks perpetrated by Caucasus Emirate illustrate the global nature of the terrorist problem we face today . We stand in solidarity with the Russian people in our condemnation of these deplorable terrorist acts . " The State Department said designating Caucasus Emirate as a terrorist group will help support U.S. efforts to reduce the group 's ability to mount attacks on Russian interests as it tries to expel the Russian government from the North Caucasus region . The announcement , a culmination of a months-long deliberative interagency process , came the same day President Barack Obama met with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on the sidelines of the G8 summit in Deauville , France . A State Department representative told CNN the timing of the announcement was coincidental to Obama 's meeting with Medvedev . The representative could not say whether the Russian government was notified in advance of the announcement .	Caucasus Emirate is added to the U.S. list of terrorist groups The State Department links the group 's leader to a suicide bombing in Chechnya The group also claims responsibility for three bombings in Russia
CNN  -- Six Americans imprisoned in Honduras for more than a month on weapons smuggling charges are back home after sailing their ship from the Central American country to their home port in Florida . The crew of the Aqua Quest arrived in Tarpon Springs , Florida , on Wednesday after a voyage on stormy seas that delayed their return home by a day . As their boat sailed into the marina , they were met by family , friends and U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis of Florida . "  They 're thrilled to be back in the states , surrounded by family and friends , " said Stephen Mayne , owner of Aqua Quest International , a salvage and treasure hunting company . "  They are looking forward to taking some time off , then regrouping to work on new projects . " The captain of the ship , Robert Mayne -- Stephen 's brother -- called it "  an overwhelming day . " "  It 's like waking up from a really bad nightmare , " he said . The Americans sailed to Honduras in May at the invitation of officials in the country 's eastern municipality of Ahuas . They were tasked with removing valuable mahogany logs from a nearby riverbed , remnants of decades of logging . Profits from the sale of the recovered logs would be split between Aqua Quest and the municipality for use for social projects there . But the project was halted before it could really begin with their arrest on May 5 after Honduran authorities boarded their ship and discovered two handguns , two shotguns and a semiautomatic rifle . A judge and prosecutor in Ahuas accused the crew of attempting to smuggle weapons into the country for resale . The crew , however , were adamant that their weapons were for personal use and not for resale on the black market . Honduras is mired in drug and gang activity that has resulted in a sharp spike in gun-related deaths in recent years . Illegal arms regularly flow through the country , as drug traffickers transit cocaine from Colombia through the Central American country . Robert Mayne told CNN last month by cell phone from the prison that the weapons were for protection against piracy while at sea . He said that he and his crew always bring them when traveling in international waters . The captain said he even once had to brandish a handgun to ward out would-be pirates off the coast of Mexico . "  Everyone tells us this would never happen in any other port in Honduras , " he said earlier this month , expressing his frustration with the judge 's and state prosecutor 's interpretation of the law . "  We have the right to do it  carry arms  for protection on the high seas . " The charges were dropped against the men last week after they spent more than a month in a rural prison camp . They faced potential sentences of up to 16 years if convicted on the weapons smuggling charges . Hoping to rid themselves of the bad fortune their weapons brought them on their latest adventure , the crew voted to "  bury them as sea , " according to Stephen Mayne , once they entered U.S. waters , tossing the firearms overboard . "  They said goodbye to their little friends , " said Mayne laughing . "  We decided to just turn them over to King Neptune . " Despite the run-in with authorities , Mayne said his company would continue to work with Honduras on the log retrieval project , though they would likely not return by sea . "  We are going to go forward with this project , " said Mayne . "  We made a commitment to he community of Ahuas . "  We wo n't let this incident stop us . " Dangerous detention for six Americans in Honduras after weapons charge More on detained Americans	The crew of the Aqua Quest arrives in Tarpon Springs , Florida , on Wednesday Contracted to do salvage work , they were imprisoned on weapons smuggling charges Owner of salvage company said crew had weapons for protection on high seas
CNN  -- Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton summed up the dawn of a new Formula One era in three juicy words -- weird , mind-blowing and challenging . After 12 days of intense and drama-filled preseason testing , the elite motor racing series is promising more of the same when the 2014 campaign opens with Sunday 's Australian Grand Prix . CNN World Sport looks back at the lessons learned in testing -- and forward to what lies ahead as F1 embraces one of the biggest rule changes in the history of the sport . Engine anxiety The introduction of new engine technology in 2014 was never going to be easy and so it proved in preseason testing as all three engine suppliers -- Renault , Mercedes and Ferrari -- had teething problems with their power units . Turbo power is back in the form of 1.6-liter V6 engines that are allied with two Energy Recovery Systems , which have proved particularly temperamental during testing . Renault , which supplies engines to Red Bull , Lotus , Toro Rosso and Caterham , is in the biggest trouble ahead of the Melbourne opener . Its engine covered the least distance over the three preseason tests , ticking off 5,432 miles compared to 11,181 miles for Mercedes and the 6,346 miles covered by Ferrari , which powers just three teams . "  Some preparations are incomplete , " conceded Rob White , who heads up the French company 's engine program . "  Melbourne will be an anxious weekend . " Just to make things even harder , a new green initiative means the cars must get to the end of the race with 100 kilos of fuel in the tank . The drivers will have to manage their car 's fuel consumption , and that 's a race craft some may have to learn . Ugly cars Some critics are calling 2014 's chunky cars the ugliest in the history of the sport , with the droopy "  anteater nose " seen on the Force India and Caterham cars ranked as a particular design horror . Aesthetics aside , new rules on aerodynamic design have had teams puzzling about how to recover downforce -- which delivers speed and grip -- in different places . For example , last season many teams , and especially four-time champion Red Bull , eked out extra speed by using the exhaust gases to increase downforce at the rear of the car . Those days are now over as the 2014 rule change means there is just a single exhaust exit from the side of the car -- and the good news for F1 fans is you will never hear the phrase "  exhaust-blown diffuser " again . Unreliable Red Bull Red Bull 's Achilles heel -- a lack of reliability -- sneaked back into the garage to haunt the Austrian marque during preseason testing . On the penultimate day of the final Bahrain test , the problems with the car were so bad that four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel was n't able to complete a single lap . "  Reliability is still a big question mark , " said the German , who set the 18th fastest time on the final day in Bahrain . "  I 'm not calling us favorites -- for that we have n't done enough laps and the speed is not there compared to some other teams . " But it is still too early to write off Red Bull . The last time the rules were changed in 2009 , the team was initially dogged by reliability issues -- but recovered to finish that year with the fastest car before going on to win the next four world titles . Hamilton has given the Red Bull his vote of confidence , calling Adrian Newey 's 2014 design "  stunning . " He also told reporters in Bahrain : "  Once they get the engine sorted ... as always , they 'll be very hard to beat . " Quick silver Could Hamilton be the title favorite for the 2014 world championship ? The early signs are looking good for the 2008 winner . The new Mercedes has shown it has both speed and endurance , completing the most laps over the three winter tests and consistently finishing at the top of the timesheets . But there have been reliability glitches , and Hamilton will want to forget his crash on day one of testing in Spain . "  The goal is to win the championship , and this year I 'm more pumped than ever , " said Hamilton , who is also rumored to have rekindled his romance with singer Nicole Scherzinger over the winter break . But Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , who won two races in 2013 , is taking a more cautious approach . "  I certainly do n't see us as the top team , " the German said . "  It may seem from the outside that we are in a slightly better position than our rivals but we wo n't know for sure until we get to Melbourne . " Best of the rest Williams is within a whisker of a return to its glory days after a very encouraging winter . The nine-time constructors ' champion set the fastest time at the final test thanks to Ferrari recruit Felipe Massa and also ran its car over several race distances . The team 's Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas summed up the team 's excitement , saying on Twitter : "  Think we are well prepared and made the most out of testing . Ca n't wait for Melbourne to go racing ! " The big guns at Ferrari and McLaren have had a relatively low-key buildup . Both teams have gone the distance but are yet to show they also have the pace . Fernando Alonso , who is paired with Kimi Raikkonen in Ferrari 's intriguing lineup of world champions , was amusingly mysterious about the Italian team 's chances . "  I ca n't say if we will be at the front or behind someone else but we will definitely be up there at the top among the best , " the Spaniard said . There are no such guarantees for Lotus . The team skipped the first test in Spain and then saw drivers Romain Grosjean and Pastor Maldonado set the slowest times of all 22 cars at Bahrain 's final warmup . "  There will be some long days and nights before the first race , " warned Lotus head of trackside operations Alan Permane . New faces , old friends There are three rookie drivers joining the F1 merry-go-round in 2014 . Denmark 's Kevin Magnussen , the 21-year-old son of former F1 driver Jan Magnussen , makes his debut with McLaren , Swede Marcus Ericsson , 23 , lines up for Caterham and Russian teen Daniil Kvyat , who has looked pretty handy so far , makes his bow with Toro Rosso . He may not be a rookie , but Australian Daniel Ricciardo will come under increased scrutiny in 2014 as he steps up from Toro Rosso to replace Mark Webber as Vettel 's teammate at Red Bull . Fans of daredevil Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi will be pleased to see him back in the fold with Caterham . The F1 community is continuing to support its most successful driver , Michael Schumacher . The seven-time world champion remains in hospital more than two months after he sustained a serious head injury in a skiing accident . Organizers of the Bahrain Grand Prix recently announced they had renamed a corner of the Sakhir Circuit in honor of Schumacher . The Austrian Grand Prix returns to the calendar in June , with a new Russian race due in October on the site of the Olympic and Paralympic Park in Sochi . Changes at the top The new season also brings some changes on the pit wall as McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh and Mercedes boss Ross Brawn were both victims of restructuring . Former Lotus team principal Eric Boullier arrived at McLaren as racing director , following the return to power of CEO Ron Dennis , but there is still a senior position available at the eight-time constructors ' champion amid rumors that Brawn could ultimately fill the gap . Former McLaren technical chief Paddy Lowe now shares leadership responsibilities at Mercedes with Toto Wolff . The sport 's chief executive Bernie Ecclestone is also considering his future as he prepares to go on trial in Germany on charges of bribery . Double or nothing Despite criticism from teams and drivers , Ecclestone 's plan to award double points at the final race in Abu Dhabi comes into force in 2014 . The driver who takes the checkered flag on November 23 will win 50 points instead of 25 . As well as double points , there is double jeopardy for the racers who , just like regular road users , will be slapped with penalty points on their Super License for bad driving -- 12 or more points and they will receive a one-race ban . The looming season will also see drivers use race numbers they have chosen for the rest of their F1 careers , with No. 1 reserved for Vettel as the defending champion . Into the unknown There are new drivers , new rules and temperamental new engines to get used to in the looming F1 season . But , as the saying goes , the more things change the more they stay the same . After three winter tests , Red Bull is on the back foot ; Mercedes and Williams may be favorites , but just who will win in Australia remains , as always , a race into the unknown .	F1 is entering a new era , with the opening race of the new season in Melbourne Teams will line up on Sunday with uncertainty over reliability of much-changed cars World champion Sebastian Vettel faces battle after problematic series of tests Mercedes is early favorite while Ferrari 's new driver partnership is intriguing
Sargodha , Pakistan  CNN  -- The mother of one of the five young men arrested in Pakistan told CNN Thursday that her son was in that country to get married , not to plot terror attacks as Pakistani police have alleged . The FBI was in Pakistan on Thursday interrogating the men , who some U.S. and Pakistani law enforcement officials have identified as Americans , according to Usman Anwar , head of the district police of Sargodha , about 120 miles south of Islamabad . The five had been reported missing from Virginia , and police are confident they were planning terrorist acts , Tahir Gujjrar , deputy superintendent of police in Sargodha , told CNN on Wednesday . Pakistani authorities said they believe the young men tried to connect with militant groups . In an interview with CNN , Subira Farouk said her son , Umar , was one of the young men detained in the case . She said her husband also was arrested , which would bring to six the number of people in custody . Police confirmed they have six people in custody , not five , as was originally reported . Farouk said her son would never plot a terror attack . She described him as a business student at George Mason University in suburban Washington . Farouk said she and her husband went to Pakistan to arrange a marriage for their son , who surprised her by traveling from the United States . The arrests came after a raid Wednesday on a home in Sargodha , Gujjrar said . Investigators found laptops and maps of Pakistan containing highlighted areas that correspond to regions where terrorists have been active , Anwar said . It is too premature to link the men with any terrorist organizations , he said , but preliminary investigations suggest they had sought to link up with the Jaish-e-Mohammed and Jamaat ud Dawa militant organizations . Neither group showed interest , he said . President Obama said Thursday that he envisioned "  a series of investigations " into the arrests . "  I think the details are still forthcoming , " Obama said . "  There will undoubtedly be a series of investigations surrounding these events , so I 'd prefer not to comment on them at this point . " Farouk said her son mentioned that he planned to go to a conference with friends . She said she did not hear from him , grew concerned and began calling his friends ' parents . That 's when she realized that he and his friends were missing . She said she thought they had been kidnapped . Their families contacted the Council on American Islamic Relations and U.S. law enforcement authorities . Farouk said the authorities advised her to stay in Pakistan . Later , Farouk said she got a call from a relative in Pakistan who said her son was in the country with several friends . She said she was relieved , thinking her son had surprised her , but then authorities arrested her husband , her son and his friends . The U.S. law enforcement official said none of the five missing men had shown up on law enforcement 's radar before they were reported missing . Authorities believe their intent was to wage jihad overseas rather than in terrorist acts in the United States , the official said , but "  there is still a lot of uncertainty about what they were up to . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Jeanne Meserve and Elise Labott contributed to this report	Mother says son was in Pakistan to get married , not plot attacks Her husband also arrested , she says Five young men reported missing from Virginia
CNN  -- More than a million people have signed a petition to recall Wisconsin 's governor , the state 's Democratic Party said Tuesday . That 's nearly twice the 540,208 signatures required to seek a recall of first-term Republican Gov. Scott Walker , who drew the ire of labor unions and public school teachers after he stripped public employees of their collective bargaining rights . State Democratic Party officials said they would submit the signatures by close of business Tuesday . The officials also said they would turn in more than the required number of signatures needed for recall elections for the state 's Republican lieutenant governor and three state senators . The Wisconsin elections board will review the recall petitions . "  I think it 's going to be a very impressive number that we hand in , beyond any challenge that this election is going to happen , " Wisconsin Democratic Party Chairman Mike Tate told CNN affiliate WTMJ Monday . Walker 's administration gained national attention last year when he , along with Republican legislators , pushed forward a bill to cut state workers ' collective bargaining rights . That bill was signed into law in March , following weeks of protests at the state capitol building in Madison . This would be the first time in Wisconsin 's history that a governor has faced recall . In fact , there have only been two successful gubernatorial recalls in United States history , that of California Gov. Gray Davis in 2003 and that of North Dakota Gov. Lynn Frazier in 1921 . The more difficult battle will begin once the signatures are approved , and the state schedules a recall election . Both sides will be well financed and ready to battle , said Kenneth Goldstein , president of the Campaign Media Analysis Group . Walker was undaunted by the recall effort , WTMJ reported . "  The optimist in me looks at that and says : the overwhelming majority of the people in the state chose not to sign that and I earned the trust of the majority the last time . My hope is I will earn their trust again , " he said . Walker set off a firestorm in January 2010 when he moved to curtail the collective bargaining rights of most state employees . With majorities in both houses of the Legislature , Walker and his GOP allies voted to limit raises for public employees except police and firefighters to the rate of inflation , bar unions from deducting dues from workers ' paychecks and force them to hold a new certification vote every year . Republicans insisted it was necessary to control the skyrocketing costs of public employee benefits and close the budget shortfall . Democrats argued it was an attempt to gut public-sector labor unions , one of their core constituencies . The public brouhaha all but shut down the Wisconsin state legislature for weeks . It also drew protesters by the tens of thousands , among them union supporters and public employees , who called the measure an attack on workers . A group of Democratic lawmakers left the state for some time in an effort to not allow a quorum for a vote . Eventually , the law was passed and signed by Walker in March . The state Supreme Court upheld the law in June but the battle birthed a storm of political activism that led to the recall effort . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WTMJ .	NEW : The Wisconsin Democratic Party says it has collected more than 1 million signatures Gov. Scott Walker drew the ire of labor unions and public school teachers last year State Democratic Party chair : The "  impressive number " is "  beyond any challenges " "  The overwhelming majority of the people in the state chose not to sign , " Walker says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An American man has been arrested in Israel for allegedly acquiring explosives stolen from Israel 's military that he planned to use to attack Muslim holy sites , Israeli authorities said Tuesday . According to Shin Beit , Israel 's internal security service , Adam Livix , 30 , was arrested in November under suspicion of possessing explosives with the intent of using them in a terrorist attack . He was taken into custody with "  various types of ammunition and explosives stolen from the IDF " and admitted under interrogation that he had made preliminary surveys of potential targets , Shin Beit announced Tuesday . Livix had come to the region in 2013 from his native United States , where he was been wanted for suspected drug felonies , the Israeli security service reports . The Christian man lived in the Palestinian-controlled West Bank communities of Hebron and Bethlehem , where Shin Beit claims that he rebuffed a Palestinian activist 's solicitation to assassinate President Barack Obama during the U.S. leader 's visit to Israel . Livix then moved into Israel -- spending more than one year there illegally , since his entry permit expired in September 2013 , according to prosecutors . In Israel , Livix "  falsely presented himself as a Navy SEAL " -- an elite U.S. military special operation unit -- and "  dealt with various criminal activities and came up with ideas for a variety of terrorist attacks , " Shin Beit said . Livix also "  expressed ... his negative opinion of the Arab population of Israel and his wish to harm sites in Israel holy to Islam , " Israel 's Justice Ministry said . The ministry added that , in October , the American man asked his roommate -- an Israeli soldier -- to get him explosives , even paying the soldier for them . When police were notified and went to search the residence , Livix tried to escape by jumping from a seventh floor window to a balcony a floor below , the ministry said . The Israeli agency added that an Israeli court ordered that Livix undergo a psychiatric examination , at his lawyer 's request . The U.S. State Department was aware of the reports that an American had been arrested in Israel , but declined to comment on this case . CNN 's Amir Tal and Ben Wedeman reported from Jerusalem , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Shin Beit : American arrested with "  ammunition and explosives stolen from the IDF " Adam Livix came to region in 2013 , lied about being a Navy SEAL , Israeli agency says He surveyed possible terror targets for attacks on Muslim holy sites , Shin Beit adds
To Hillary Clinton , U.S. Sen. Mary Landrieu is the fighter for Louisiana who "  refused to let Washington turn its back " on the state in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina almost 10 years ago . Clinton reached back to the months and years after the 2005 hurricane killed more than 1,500 people in Louisiana to praise Landrieu on Saturday at a New Orleans rally for the endangered three-term senator . "  She was relentless , " Clinton said , noting that she and Landrieu were in the Senate at the time . "  You learn a lot about a person and a leader in a moment like that . And I saw Mary in action , no cameras , no attention , just focused like a laser to take care of her people . " Clinton continued : "  She never gave up . If you know anything about Mary Landrieu , you know that is an ingrained characteristic , she does n't shy away from a fight . " Landrieu is in a different kind of fight this year -- a fight to keep her Senate seat against a stout challenge from Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy . Every national poll since the start of September has shown Cassidy besting the incumbent . Clinton did her part on Saturday to knock Cassidy but never actually referred to him by name . "  From what I have heard , Mary 's opponent did n't really lift a finger after Isaac , " Clinton said , using a familiar Landrieu campaign attack that cites a 2012 no-vote against legislation that included disaster relief money for the state after Hurricane Isaac rocked the state . Clinton also subtly hit George W. Bush 's presidency for fumbling the response to Katrina , blaming the former president for a "  paralyzed " response to the tragedy . For her part , Landrieu portrayed herself as the right choice for Louisiana because her support for oil and gas , women and seniors . She also did n't run away from her 18-years in the Senate , despite polls that show a deep-seeded resentment of Congress and an anti-incumbent mood throughout the country . "  I have now worked with three presidents , four majority leaders and six governors , " Landrieu said within the first few minutes of her speech . "  And I know how to get work done for you , no matter what the line up in Washington is and no matter how gridlocked it might be . " Landrieu , however , finds herself behind in her fourth race . Cassidy has sought to tie Landrieu to President Barack Obama , who in much of Louisiana is markedly unpopular . In nearly every ad , Cassidy mention that "  Landrieu supports Barack Obama 97 percent of the time . " The attacks have worked and some polls show the Democratic senator might be past the point of Clinton 's saving . Landrieu advisers and spokesmen on Saturday told reporters to disregard most of the polling and instead pointed to early voting totals as proof that momentum is swinging their way . In particular , Matthew Lehner , a senior adviser to Landrieu , pointed to the fact that 33 % of early ballots totals have come from black voters , a strong demographic for the Democrat . "  Sen. Landrieu has had tight races in all of her races , " said Fabien Levy , the campaign 's spokesman . "  If need be , we will be ready -LSB- for a runoff -RSB- . But we are ready to win this on election night . "	Hillary Clinton reached back to Hurricane Katrina to herald Mary Landrieu on Saturday "  She was relentless , " Clinton said of the senator 's work after the 2005 storm The former first lady also knocked President George W. Bush in her speech Landrieu touted her 18-year experience in the Senate , despite a national anti-incumbent mood
New York  CNN  -- The alleged madam for a high-priced escort service in Manhattan pleaded guilty to one count of prostitution in the third degree on Tuesday , according to Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero . Anna Gristina , 44 , was sentenced to time served and will get five years probation . She was arrested February 22 and had pleaded not guilty to charges of promoting prostitution . She was accused of running the ring out of an Upper East Side apartment . When asked by New York Judge Juan Merchan in court whether she knowingly profited from prostitution by managing , supervising , controlling and owning a prostitution business , Gristina answered affirmatively , according to the District Attorney 's Office . Lawyer : NYC madam ` does n't have 2 nickels to rub together ' Gristina had allegedly made numerous claims that she had connections with the New York Police Department , the FBI , the governor 's office and the District Attorney 's Office , among others . "  We have not found evidence to support any of those claims . We are left with a straightforward promoting prostitution case , " Assistant District Attorney Charles Linehan read in court on Tuesday , "  a defendant who ran a brothel for many years and who profited from the sex trade . That is all . " "  It became apparent to Anna that we could only win  at trial  by hurting people she cares about , " Gristina 's attorney Norm Pattis said . "  Anna chose love over the ordeal of a trial . " Merchan said Gristina will be officially sentenced on November 20 to six months in jail , but because she has already served several months at Rikers Island Prison , "  this essentially amounts to time served followed by probation , " according to the District Attorney 's Office . Alleged co-conspirator pleads not guilty CNN 's Michael Teng contributed to this story .	Anna Gristina , 44 , arrested February 22 , charged with promoting prostitution Gristina pleads guilty and is sentenced to 6 months She has already served that time so now faces 5 years probation
The Obama administration on Wednesday declassified opinions from a secret court that oversees government surveillance showing the National Security Agency was broadly collecting domestic Internet communications of Americans and misrepresenting the scope of that effort to the court . The three opinions include one from October 2011 by U.S. District Judge John Bates , who scolded government lawyers that the NSA had , for the third time in less than three years , belatedly acknowledged it was collecting more data than it was legally allowed to . "  NSA acquires valuable information through its upstream collection , but not without substantial intrusions on Fourth Amendment protected interests , " Bates wrote . The focus of the opinion was the government 's admission that for three years , under its authority to monitor foreign communications , it had been collecting information beyond what it gets from Internet service providers , and included data that was entirely domestic . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court estimated the mistaken collection of domestic data , including e-mails and other Internet activity of Americans , totaled 58,000 communications a year . Report : NSA can see 75 % of U.S. web messages The NSA said the collection was a mistake that went beyond its authority under Section 702 of the Patriot Act . "  This was a situation where there was technological problem that could not be avoided , rather than any overreach " by the NSA , according to a senior intelligence official who spoke with reporters about the matter . The other FISA Court opinions from November 2011 and September 2012 covered NSA steps to fix errors it made in over-collecting data and to purge data it should n't have collected . Those rulings indicated that the matter had been resolved . The overall issue , the intelligence official said , was immediately raised with the court . "  The FISA court probed deeply and thoroughly into the issue . The government took strong appropriate steps to remedy the problem , and the court determined it had remedied and that the collection could continue , " according to the official who did not speak for attribution . "  This is not an egregious overreaching by a greedy agency seeking to spy on Americans , " the official added . NSA admits ` mistakes ' amid criticism after audit show is broke privacy rules The administration also released documents provided to Congress to persuade lawmakers to reauthorize its surveillance authorities . The agency has come under pressure from lawmakers of both parties over the sweeping nature of its secret data collection , most recently surveillance that captures telephone metadata related to communications to and from the United States . That program and the one addressed in the document release on Wednesday were brought to public light through leaks to media outlets by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , who fled the United States and is now in Russia under temporary asylum . He faces espionage charges . Their exposure also has generated concern from privacy groups and libertarians . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , who has proposed legislation aimed at reforming certain provisions of the Patriot Act related to the FISA Court , welcomed the newest development . "  Today 's release of documents by the Director of National Intelligence begins to appropriately draw back the curtain on the secret law of government surveillance , and they also underscore the need for increased oversight and stronger protections for Americans ' privacy , " he said in a statement . Leahy is planning a hearing in coming weeks on the document release . In 2008 , the NSA began collecting what it called "  upstream " communications , essentially information that travels across the Internet , separate from the what it receives from Internet service providers that filter data to respond to agency requests . The NSA is supposed to be targeting foreign communications , such as e-mail addresses it believes relate to foreign intelligence , that have to do with potential terrorism investigations . The NSA said it made mistakes because of the way data was collected . It could n't separate information that was entirely domestic . Government lawyers won approval from the court after making changes and later deleted years of data because some of it could n't be separated from domestic communications . WikiLeaks source Manning gets 35 years	Obama administration declassified secret court opinions showing broad collection of Internet data Opinions showed that the NSA was misrepresenting its effort to the special anti-terror court NSA surveillance programs brought to public light by Edward Snowden leaks Intelligence official says problem was technological ; was not a case of "  overeager " spying
CNN  -- Embattled former district attorney Mike Nifong was held in criminal contempt of court and sentenced to one day in jail Friday for his actions in the flawed Duke lacrosse team rape case . Mike Nifong walks into the courtroom during his criminal contempt hearing in Durham , North Carolina , on Friday . Nifong must report to jail September 7 , Superior Court Judge W. Osmond Smith III said . The judge said Nifong 's withholding of DNA evidence from defense attorneys was an affront to the integrity of the judicial system . The evidence potentially would have cleared the three lacrosse players of sexual assault charges months before North Carolina 's attorney general dropped them in April . The players initially were accused of raping an exotic dancer during a party last year . The specific evidence Nifong was accused of withholding was that DNA profiles found on the alleged rape victim were from unidentified males , but did not match any of the 46 lacrosse team members . He also was accused of telling the court in a September 22 hearing that a lab report contained complete information on DNA test results , when it omitted that information . Attorneys for the players contend Nifong became aware of the test results in April 2006 , but collaborated with the director of the lab conducting the tests to produce a report that did not contain all the test results . Nifong also made "  multiple material misrepresentations to multiple courts on multiple occasions , " the motion says . The defense team did not learn of the results until October . "  The court expects , and well it should , to be able to rely on the representation of lawyers , " Smith told Nifong . Earlier Friday , Nifong testified in his defense , saying he and the lab director had agreed not to put the players ' DNA profiles in the report out of privacy concerns , but said he thought the lab report was in fact complete when it was not . He acknowledged , however , that he had not read the report in its entirety before making the claim in court . "  All the statements that I made to the court ... I believed to be true , " Nifong testified . He said it was his practice when prosecuting cases to turn over all his information to defense attorneys , regardless of whether it would help or hurt a defendant . "  There was no reason not to , " he said . "  If there was a piece of evidence that helped the defendant , you had to turn that over anyway . If it was a piece of evidence that hurt the defendant , why not turn it over ? Because he might realize at that point that it was in his best interest to take a plea . " Before Nifong was sentenced , another Superior Court judge , former Durham County District Attorney Ron Stephens , testified on his behalf . "  I always felt like I could take him at his word , his word was his bond , " Stephens said . "  Basically , if he told you something , you could take it to the bank . " A disciplinary committee of the North Carolina State Bar disbarred Nifong in June , concluding after a hearing that he violated the majority of at least 19 ethics offenses in his handling of the case . The allegations against the players forced the cancellation of the Duke lacrosse team 's season and cost coach Mike Pressler his job . The case also inflamed racial tensions in Durham . The three players are white , while the alleged victim is black . The three players -- David Evans , Reade Seligmann and Collin Finnerty -- initially were charged with first-degree kidnapping and first-degree sexual offense after a team party in March 2006 . An initial charge of first-degree forcible rape was dropped in December 2006 after the players ' accuser told prosecutors she could no longer say for certain that she had been penetrated with a penis -- one of the defining factors of rape under North Carolina law . The DNA issue also was a factor in eliminating the charge . In April , state Attorney General Roy Cooper dropped all charges against the three , saying the case was a result of Nifong 's "  rush to accuse . " Nifong had asked Cooper to assign a special prosecutor to the case after the state bar filed its complaint against him . E-mail to a friend	The former district attorney must report to jail September 7 A disciplinary committee disbarred Nifong in June for handling of Duke case Three lacrosse players initially were accused of raping a woman during a party All charges against the players were dropped in April
CNN  -- At least 30 people were killed and 42 injured Sunday when a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest attacked a mosque south of Baghdad , according to police and health officials . The mosque is located in al-Musayab , about 70 kilometers  43 miles  south of the capital . The attack targeted Shiite mourners , who were at the mosque for a funeral . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunnis , who represent a minority of Iraqis , have felt politically marginalized since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 . Shiites , who make up a majority of Iraqis , now dominate the government . In a separate incident Sunday , at least 12 people were killed in an attack on the security headquarters of the regional Kurdish government in Erbil . A suicide bomber in a minibus attempted to enter the facility . Kurdish security forces opened fire , and the vehicle exploded . At the same time , gunmen opened fire and attempted to storm the headquarters , according to a statement from the Kurdistan Regional Government . Of the 12 people killed , six were "  terrorists " and six were members of the security forces , it said . More than 40 people were injured .	NEW : At least 12 people are killed in a separate attack in Iraq 's Kurdish region Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations 42 other people were injured while attending a funeral at the mosque
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- Russia has likely moved additional troops into Georgia and its breakaway provinces over the past several days , several administration officials told CNN on Wednesday . The officials said Russia probably has at least 15,000 troops in the region . The U.S. government had estimated 8,000 to 10,000 Russian troops had moved into Georgia when fighting began last week . A Bush administration official stressed that the scope of Russia 's military effort remains unclear . Russia was blasted diplomatically Wednesday by President Bush over reports of ongoing Russian military operations . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice also said Russian military action in Georgia "  must stop and must stop now . " Georgia and Russia accused each other of violating the cease-fire deal agreed Tuesday to end fighting over the breakaway South Ossetia province . Bush said he was told the Russian military had blocked Georgia 's major east-west highway and had soldiers at the main port at Poti , and there were reports that some ships had been attacked . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that there were no Russian troops in Poti but that there were soldiers on the outskirts of Gori and Senaki , to the west , according to the Russian news agency Interfax . Senaki is south of another separatist province , Abkhazia . "  They are staying there to neutralize the large arsenal of weapons and other military hardware in the areas of Gori and Senaki . These arsenals remain unguarded . Apparently those who guarded them fled , " Lavrov said . He added that Russia 's operations are "  aimed at ensuring the peace-enforcement operation in respect to the Georgian side , which violates all of its obligations , " and his office denied that Russia had violated the cease-fire . International agreements signed in the early 1990s allow Russian peacekeepers to maintain a presence in South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Bush said he was sending Rice to France and Georgia to discuss the violence over disputed provinces within Georgia 's borders and to express "  America 's unwavering support " to the Georgian government . Watch Bush pledge "  unwavering support " for Georgia " He also announced U.S. aircraft and ships would deliver humanitarian aid to victims of the fighting between Russian and Georgian troops , which erupted Friday . A U.S. Air Force C-17 cargo jet carrying medical supplies already has arrived in Georgia 's capital , Tbilisi , with more aid missions are planned by the Navy and Air Force . Georgia President Mikheil Saakashvili said Russian forces have been "  advancing slowly but surely towards the capital " of Georgia in violation of the cease-fire agreement . He accused the Russians of never intending to hold up their end of the truce . "  The cease-fire never stood in the first place , " Saakashvili told CNN 's "  Situation Room " on Wednesday . "  Russia never intended to stop fire . " He added that "  Russian tanks continue to ravage Georgia town and villages , killing people , destroying buildings , looting . ... They 've been doing worse things to what I 've heard in the past and I could never imagine happening in my country . " A spokesman for Russia 's Foreign Ministry bristled at reports of Russian troop movements and said they "  are not reflecting the real situation . " Interactive map : See how far the Russians advanced " "  We as the Russian Federation are -LSB- sticking -RSB- to the agreement , which -LSB- has -RSB- been made in Moscow yesterday , and we hope that the other side will show its readiness to do the same , " Andrei Nesterenko said . He chided Saakashvili for "  blaming again us for doing something which is contrary to the real situation . " A Russian convoy was seen by a CNN correspondent as it traveled on the road from Gori eastward toward the Georgia capital , Tbilisi -- well outside the mandated area for Russian peacekeepers confined to South Ossetia . Watch Russian spokesman explain tank movement However , not far from Tbilisi , the convoy turned north into territory between Gori and South Ossetia , CNN correspondent Matthew Chance said . A Russian government spokesman said the soldiers "  never had plans " to travel to the capital . Watch more on the convoy outside Gori " Saakashvili said Russian forces "  are encroaching upon the capital " of Georgia in violation of the cease-fire agreement . He said the Russians never intended to hold up their end of the truce . "  This is the kind of cease-fire that , I do n't know , they had with Afghanistan , I guess , in 1979 , " Saakashvili said . "  There is no cease-fire . -LSB- Russian forces -RSB- are moving around . " Watch Saakashvili speak " Interfax reported that a spokesman for the command of the Russian peacekeeping force said Russian soldiers who discovered an unguarded arms depot near Gori were emptying it as part of their goal of demilitarizing the area near South Ossetia . Russian government spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Georgian government officials had fled Gori , and the Russian soldiers were providing food and water to residents . There were reports of looting . Using a cell phone , one Gori resident said he was hiding in the basement of his house , and there was chaos in the city . Russian tanks were parked at a nearby Georgian military base , he said . The Russian General Staff in Moscow accused the Georgians of not honoring the cease-fire , saying Georgian troops should return to their barracks . Saakashvili said Western leaders had "  failed to analyze Russia 's intentions " before it invaded Georgia and "  are partly to blame " for the current situation . iReport.com : Share your story of how the crisis is affecting you "  The response has not been adequate , " Saakashvili said . "  Not only those people who are committing all those atrocities are responsible , but those who do n't react to that , I think they also share responsibility . " The six-point deal between the sides , negotiated by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , was meant to end the fighting over the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Watch more on push for peace " However , Saakashvili , flanked by the leaders of Lithuania , Poland , Estonia and Latvia in a media briefing early Wednesday , said Russian tanks were attacking and "  rampaging " through the Georgian town of Gori despite the cease-fire . Journalists in Gori , the birthplace of former Soviet leader Joseph Stalin , said they had seen no Russian tanks . Watch more on battle-ravaged South Ossetia " Reports of casualties on each side varied widely , and CNN could not confirm any of them . Fighting has raged since Thursday when Georgia launched its crackdown on separatist fighters in autonomous South Ossetia , where most people have long supported independence or reunification with neighboring North Ossetia , a territory within Russia . Russia sent its tanks into South Ossetia on Friday , saying it needed to protect Russian citizens living in the enclave , and quickly pushed back the Georgian forces . Russian forces also moved into Abkhazia , another breakaway Georgian region . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. says Russian troops moved across border in past several days Bush warns Russia over reported cease-fire violations Georgia , Russia accuse each other of breaking the truce First U.S. humanitarian aid flight lands in Georgian capital
Editor 's note : Alvin F. Poussaint , MD , is professor of psychiatry at Judge Baker Children 's Center and Harvard Medical School in Boston , and co-author with Bill Cosby of "  Come On People : On the Path From Victims to Victors , " 2007 . Dr. Alvin Poussaint says while we salute King and Obama , there 's more work to be done . BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Today , one day before the inauguration of the first African-American president , the Martin Luther King Jr. observance hailing civil rights gains will be combined with jubilation over Barack Obama 's historic achievement . The festivities this year portend a new direction for the King holiday . On Monday , we salute King-and-Obama . And on Tuesday , we salute Obama-and-King , as the Rev. Joseph Lowery , co-founder of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference with King , gives the benediction after Obama 's swearing-in . The events juxtapose two African-American icons in the march toward racial equality . Traditional tributes to King are likely to be overshadowed by Obama 's game-changing win ; his success , despite racial barriers , mistakenly leads many Americans to believe that King 's rallying cries may be outdated . For example , at most celebrations , the "  I Have a Dream " speech is highlighted . With the election of Obama , many are saying that we have fulfilled King 's dream . So will the "  dream " speech be appreciated only as a powerful historical moment rather than a vision for the future ? I hope not . But other perspectives may change as well . In stirring oratory , King said he had a dream that one day his four children would be judged not by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . But now , since Obama 's accomplishment , scores of people -- including African Americans -- feel we have reached that goal , despite obvious remnants of racial discrimination . In fact , some conservatives are using Obama 's success to argue against the need for affirmative action . Similarly , King 's oft-quoted words : "  I 've seen the Promised Land . I may not get there with you ... " will resonate in a different way because of Obama 's startling election . I have heard many reports from black people themselves that the president-elect has taken us symbolically to that elusive Promised Land . While Obama 's win may have taken the edge off some of King 's inspirational rhetoric , it should not lead to complacency in the fight for social justice . There is still much work to be done . Obama 's election does not solve the many problems facing the African-American community . We will continue to face disparities in health care , including an infant mortality rate twice as high as whites , and 20 percent of blacks still lack basic health insurance , according to government statistics . . High rates of crime and violence , with homicide as the leading cause of death for young black men , demoralizes black neighborhoods . In many communities , the high school dropout rate exceeds 50 percent . That dropout rate for many is a ticket to prison , where blacks make up nearly 40 percent of inmates , according to the Justice Department . Racial profiling has not ended , and there continue to be horrific incidents of police brutality against blacks . This compounds family stress at a time when federal government data shows 70 percent of black children are born to single mothers and African-American unemployment is twice the rate of whites . These challenges were there before the dramatic economic downturn of recent months ; they will get worse if there are no interventions . Obama is doing his share by reinvigorating King 's primary theme of helping others by urging Americans ' commitment to the King Day of Service , established by Congress in 1994 . His emphasis on volunteering is an appropriate extension of King 's ultimate mission . People can not simply have high expectations about what Obama can do for them but must also work as individuals and communities to support his programs to help pull the United States out of its economic and social crises . This January , the link established between the civil rights achievements of King 's dream and Obama 's triumph will be etched in our minds . That is not a bad thing . It gives us an opportunity to broaden the celebrations on Martin Luther King Jr. . Day . The King holiday would be enhanced by recognizing other modern civil rights icons as well . Luminaries such as Medgar Evers , Malcolm X , John Lewis , Andrew Young , Fannie Lou Hamer , Stokely Carmichael , Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. , Dorothy Height , Bob Moses and a host of others should not be allowed to fade into the background . Without diminishing the extraordinary legacy of MLK , other leaders who have contributed to the emancipation of black Americans should be remembered . Obama 's watershed moment brings a new spirit to the Martin Luther King Jr. . Day observance . Eventually , I hope due credit will be given to all those fighters whose shoulders Obama stood on to secure the ultimate prize : the presidency of the United States . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Alvin Poussaint .	Alvin Poussaint says this year 's Martin Luther King Jr. . Day is special He says it 's a prelude to inauguration of first African-American president Poussaint : It 's a mistake to think Obama 's election means King 's dream is done He says we still have a long way to go to ensure all races have equal opportunity
CNN  -- Chris Hoy became Great Britain 's most decorated Olympian of all time after his victory in the men 's keirin took his tally to six gold medals . Hoy fought off a late charge from Germany 's Maximilian Levy in the final sprint to cross the line first and then confirmed he is "  99.9 % " certain never to race in the Olympics again . The 36-year-old was roared home by a vociferous crowd in the Velodrome to complete a dream Games for Team GB who won seven of the 10 track cycling gold medals on offer . Earlier in the day Laura Trott added to the gold she won in the women 's team pursuit with triumph in the omnium event , but home crowd favorite Victoria Pendleton was beaten to gold by Australian Anna Meares in the individual sprint . Follow the action on day eleven with our London 2012 live blog "  I 'm in shock , you try and compose yourself but it 's surreal , " Hoy told the host broadcaster after the race . "  I wanted to win gold in front of my home crowd . I saw everyone stepping up to the plate and thankfully it worked out for me too . "  The keirin is a lottery and you never take anything for granted in it . I ca n't describe the feelings I have at the moment . This is enough for me , this is the perfect end to my Olympic career . "  I ca n't put into words what it means to me . It 's one of the greatest feelings I have ever had . I 'm 99.9 % sure I wo n't be competing in Rio -- how can you top this ? "  Glasgow  for the 2014 Commonwealth Games  is another question , as that would be the dream ending for me . " Hoy took the lead with two laps to go and though Levy briefly overtook him on the back straight , the Scot responded to power ahead and take the line . He has now eclipsed the five gold medals won by rower Steve Redgrave to become Britain 's most successful ever Olympian . Behind Hoy and Levy , New Zealand 's Simon Van Velthooven and Dutchman Teun Mulder could not be split by a photo finish and were both awarded bronze medals . In the women 's individual sprint final Meares gained revenge for defeat in the same event four years ago , as Pendleton had to settle for silver in her last race before retiring . But though the Australian won the best of three final 2-0 , it was a race tinged with controversy . Pendleton thought she had won the first leg by 0.001 of a second , only to be disqualified by the judges for straying out of the sprint lane . Her coaches argued Meares had nudged into her , forcing the mistake but the decision stood . She was also disqualified from the women 's team sprint on Thursday . In the second sprint Pendleton went off early but ran out of power as Meares surged past her to add another gold to the one she won in Athens . It denied Pendleton a fairytale ending to a career in which she won two gold medals , including the women 's keirin at the London Games . "  I 'm so relieved and overwhelmed with emotion . I would have loved to have won on my final race but I 'm so glad it 's all done and I can move on , " she said . "  I think Anna is the best rider of the field and it is the way it should have been , Anna and myself in the final , she 's a fantastic competitor . But I 'm very glad to be saying that 's the last time I 'm going to go through that . "  I was really annoyed  at being relegated  because I 'm sure she touched me and it caused me to move up . I ca n't believe twice in the competition I 've been disqualified and relegated , it 's unheard of . " Prior to Pendleton 's farewell race , 20-year-old Laura Trott secured her second gold in her first ever Olympics by winning the multi-discipline women 's omnium event . She set a new Olympic record in the the 500m time trial event to beat American Sarah Hammer and add to the gold she won in the women 's team pursuit . "  I ca n't believe this has happened to me , " she said . "  I 'm peaking at the right time and it 's all thanks to the coaches , and the support of the crowd and my family . "	Chris Hoy becomes Britain 's most decorated Olympian after winning sixth gold Hoy took top honors in the men 's Keirin to take second gold of London Games Australia 's Anna Meares wins gold in the women 's sprint beating Victoria Pendleton Laura Trott wins women 's omnium event to give Team GB seven golds out of ten
CNN  -- Strong countries need a thriving middle class , but in America today , the people who have to work for a living are getting squeezed . Republicans in Congress are poised to vote this week on a plan to make it even worse , selling out the middle class to enrich the already rich . With their latest budget , Republicans are stacking the deck for special interests -- and whether you 're a student , parent , commuter or senior citizen , Republicans will force you to pick up the costs so that special interests get their tax breaks . In Washington , too many people speak in vague hyperbole . So let 's look at the numbers in the GOP budget and see exactly how its priorities would affect real Americans . Many economists predict that this budget will lead to a loss of more than 3 million jobs , according to the Economic Policy Institute . The Republicans ' budget makes life harder at every turn for the average person trying to succeed in America . If you are a student at Florida State University -- in Republican Rep. Steve Southerland 's district in Tallahassee -- the GOP budget would make you pay interest on student loans while you 're sitting in class , raising a total of $ 40 billion for the Treasury . Not by coincidence , the biggest and wealthiest oil companies get $ 40 billion in taxpayer subsidies . If you are a middle-class commuter in my congressional district on Long Island and you 're trying to drive from Melville on the Long Island Expressway to get to your job in New York City , this budget gives you more brake lights and potholes . It strips $ 52 billion out of road repair and infrastructure improvements . On the other hand , if you 're a corporation in New York , the Republican budget keeps tax breaks for companies shipping jobs overseas . If you are a middle-class senior citizen living in Rep. Rodney Davis ' district near Springfield , Illinois , your costs increase 11 % right away . You 'll have to pay another $ 1,200 for your prescription drugs after this budget reopens the prescription drug doughnut hole . Future generations of seniors get an even worse deal -- they would get a Medicare voucher or have to pay up to 56 % more just to get the benefits Medicare offers today . And finally , if you are middle-class parents with children in Rep. Mike Coffman 's district in Aurora , Colorado , this budget increases your taxes $ 2,000 , according to the Office of Management and Budget . But if you are making more than $ 1 million in anywhere else in America , you get a $ 200,000 tax cut , says Citizens for Tax Justice . In short , Republicans are turning their backs on the middle class . Democrats have the backs of the middle class . House Democrats have launched a sweeping national project -- "  Battleground : Middle Class " -- and we are already communicating with voters in 76 districts around the country to tell them how the GOP budget would cost them more in every aspect of their lives , whether it 's higher taxes , worse roads , costlier college educations or an end to the Medicare guarantee . The American people want their representatives in Washington to focus on strengthening the economy , making sure everyone has a shot at getting a better job and can count on a secure retirement -- which is exactly what Democrats have proposed . For middle-class voters , the 2014 midterms will come down to one question : Who 's got our backs ? The debate over our budget answers that question . We will fight from now until November to protect middle-class families from these backward priorities that threaten their financial security , cost us jobs and hold our economy back . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Steve Israel argues that the latest GOP budget hurts middle-class Americans Israel : Families will be paying more in taxes while corporations get huge tax cuts Senior citizens , he says , will pay more as GOP budget reopens prescription doughnut hole
When Shenan Chuang started out in the advertising industry in the 1980s , Chinese adverts were often dismissed as mere propaganda , unable to compete with powerful Western agencies . Now in 2014 , the country 's advertising market is the world 's second largest , perhaps thanks in part to Taiwan-born Shenan Chuang , CEO of Ogilvy and Mather Greater China . Meeting in the luxurious Waldorf Astoria in Bejing , CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout spoke to the woman leading an industry tipped to exceed $ 50 billion in revenues by 2015 . Kristie Lu Stout : What are some of your most creative campaigns ? SC : In 2012 we created a poster campaign for Coke , it was called "  Coke Hands " and won the Grand Prix at Cannes -- it was recognized as a cultural icon for the people . Recently in Taiwan we did a campaign for a local bank . The TV campaign featured a group of six senior citizens who were not in good shape , but had a dream . In honor of their dead friends they decided to ride motorcycles around the island . The campaign was very successful on Youtube and on social media . KLS : What 's your daily work schedule like ? SC : I wake up at 5am and exercise before I do anything else , and I finish work around 9pm or 10pm . When I first started out I worked seven days a week . But that was terrible and gave me some spine problems . In recent years I 've been very disciplined . I work during the week and at the weekend I spend time with my friends . It 's important to take a break , breathe and see the world . At the beginning of your career you have to learn a lot . You have to invest yourself , and you need to work hard . You have to go the extra mile when you are in the early stages of your career . KLS : In every career , there is always at least one colossal failure . What has been your biggest mistake ? SC : My biggest mistake was in 1995 , when I was leading Ogilvy Taiwan . WPP had just bought Ogilvy and enforced a lot of financial discipline . My executive creative director decided to leave . He thought our culture had changed and there was too much focus on finance and numbers . So he left , and so did a group of senior people . But I was able to bounce back with a new team , and it took us one and a half years to bounce back , but we worked together and gained a good creative reputation in Taiwan . I would say that was my biggest hurdle . KLS : Who shaped you and influenced you the most growing up ? SC : My family has a lot of strong women . My aunts are very , very strong , and they take care of everyone . So I think I learned a lot from them , and then also I read a lot . In terms of advertising I would have to say David Ogilvy , our founder . I translated one of his books , and I learned a lot about how to lead the company and the company culture . And then our current global CEO , Miles Young , the reason I name him is because I think he 's probably one of very few leaders that is very business focused , but also very people oriented . KLS : Will there ever be a Chinese female president ? SC : I think in Taiwan it 's very likely . KLS : What is your advice to young women starting out in marketing communications , PR or advertising , what do you want to tell them ? SC : I want to tell them you have to be brave . You have to stand up for yourself , you have to show that we have what it takes to be in charge . Learn : How DVF conquered fashion world Inspire : Sandberg : Positive images spur change	Shenan Chuang helped transform the Chinese ad industry China 's advertising market second-largest in the world Industry expected to exceed $ 50 billion in revenue by 2015 Wakes at 5am , finishes work at 10pm
CNN  -- The resilience of a burned baby golden eagle that survived a Utah wildfire is astounding wildlife rehabilitators nursing him back to health . "  The trauma and the injury and the situation he is in -- to come out of it is amazing , " said DaLyn Erickson , executive director of the Wildlife Rehabilitation Center of Northern Utah in Ogden . All of the eaglet 's feathers , even on his head , were charred . He also suffered burns to the feet and around his beak . His improbable story began June 1 , when a volunteer who documents eagles placed a band on the bird . The Dump Fire erupted three weeks later , burning more than 5,500 acres south of Salt Lake City and west of Utah Lake . Kent Keller returned in late June to the nest , built on the edge of the cliff , thinking he would recover the band from a deceased animal . The nest on Lake Mountain was gone , the rocks behind it blackened by the blaze . Keller then spotted legs and talons near a scorched juniper below . Amazingly , the baby eagle was alive . Near him were rabbit and squirrel carcasses , evidence his parents had tried to feed him after disaster struck . Fortunately , his eyes had not been burned . Wildfire victims face second tragedy Keller said he has thought of the horror the helpless nestling might have felt when flames approached . "  He had enough courage to jump from that nest and try to save himself anyway , " said Keller , 56 , who describes himself as an amateur ornithologist . "  He is a real fighter . " The fall was about 25 feet , and the eagle probably walked back to the base of the cliff after rolling another 100 feet , said Keller . The bird remained in the area for several days while Keller , who is authorized to band raptors , sought permission from federal and state authorities to obtain care for him . On Wednesday , Keller handed the bird over to Erickson . She and her staff dubbed the survivor "  Phoenix " -- a reference to the mythical creature that is reborn from the ashes . There was no food in the craw of the dehydrated eagle , which weighed just over 5 pounds . "  He was lethargic and just obviously hurting , " Erickson told CNN on Saturday . "  After we got him hydrated and medications , he perked up and that fire came back in him . " Erickson said Phoenix , now about 70 days old , was a handful Saturday , lunging and using his talons as caregivers fed and provided antibiotics to the animal . "  He 's not grateful , " she quipped . Rehabilitators limit their contact with the eagle so that he will not "  habituate , " or become too comfortable around people . They use hydrotherapy to help the healing in his feet . "  He needs those for hunting . There are lots of tendons and muscles we need to protect , " said Erickson . Golden eagles , which are protected , typically eat reptiles , birds and small mammals , according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . They also are known to scavenge carrion . Colorado 's most destructive fire nears containment Keller said golden eagle females are slightly smaller than the more-famous bald eagle and tend to hunt more and scavenge less . Their particular favorite prey in northern Utah is the black-tailed jackrabbit . The resident of suburban Salt Lake City studies golden eagles and provides population information to state wildlife authorities . Erickson called Keller "  the hero in this story . " It 's too early to tell whether Phoenix will be able to fly in the wild . Rehabilitation will take at least a year and his feathers wo n't fully molt until mid-2013 . "  We are fairly confident , but there could be follicle damage we do not know about that would prevent feathers from coming in , " Erickson said . The nonprofit center , which treats about 1,800 animals a year , is accepting financial and food donations to offset the cost of caring for the golden eagle . "  He is doing well and we are very positive about his outcome right now , " said Erickson . "  But  these types of things can turn at any moment . " How to donate In her 12 years of wildlife rehabilitation , Erickson said , the eagle 's story is among a few cases she considers "  nothing short of a miracle . "	Baby golden eagle was burned in a Utah wildfire The fire engulfed his nest The animal , called "  Phoenix , " is receiving care at wildlife rehab center It 's too early to tell whether he will be able to fly
CNN  -- A 15-year-old was convicted in the 2009 beating death of a Chicago honors student that was caught on video , Cook County Circuit Court officials said Thursday . Jurors deliberated only 30 minutes before convicting the teen of first-degree murder Wednesday in the death of Derrion Albert , CNN affiliate WGN reported . The defendant is not named because he is a juvenile . Sentencing has been set for January 18 , court officials said . When the verdict was announced , the 15-year-old threw his hands up and fell back into his chair . His aunt ran out of the courtroom screaming , WGN reported . Authorities said Albert , 16 , was an innocent bystander who ended up in the middle of a street fight between two factions of students from Christian Fenger Academy High School . When school let out on September 24 , 2009 , Albert was nearly six blocks away and on his way to a bus stop when two groups of students converged on the street , authorities said at the time . The factions began fighting after an earlier shooting that police called gang-related . Albert was approached by two members of one faction and struck in the head with a long portion of a wooden railroad tie , then punched in the face , Tandra Simonton , spokeswoman for Cook County prosecutors , has said . After losing consciousness briefly , Albert woke up and tried to move from the fight , but was then attacked by members of the opposing faction , Simonton said . The 15-year-old was the first of five defendants charged in Albert 's death , WGN said . The other four are charged as adults . "  The facts are the facts , and the prosecutors did a great job , " Albert 's grandfather , Norman Golliday , told WGN . "  I expected  the verdict  to be just what it was . " The trial of the juvenile contained graphic evidence , WGN reported . Police showed the wooden board used to knock Albert to the ground and contended the teen was the one who punched him in the face . The medical examiner showed pictures of the boy 's body and testified he died of brain trauma caused in part by the defendant 's blow . At times , Albert 's family left the courtroom in tears , according to the station . The defense attorney claimed his client , who was 14 at the time of Albert 's death , was part of the fight , but maintained he did not deliver the blow that killed Albert , WGN said . Albert 's death prompted President Barack Obama , a longtime Chicago resident , to send Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Attorney General Eric Holder to the city to meet with school officials , the students and the community on the topic of school violence .	NEW : Sentencing will be January 18 Jurors deliberated only 30 minutes before convicting the youth Police said Derrion Albert was an innocent bystander He got in the middle of a street fight between two factions
CNN  Physician Ben Carson on Thursday held up ISIS , a terrorist group that 's beheaded multiple Americans , as an example for the United States during comments before the Republican National Committee . "  We 've got ISIS . They 've got the wrong philosophy , but they 're willing to die for what they believe , while we are busily giving away every belief and every value for the sake of political correctness , " he said during his speech at the RNC 's winter meeting . "  We have to change that . " Carson acknowledged his comments were likely to spark controversy and gain headlines , but he preemptively dismissed the press attention . "  They are just so ridiculous , " he said , to laughter from the crowd . The remarks are similar to ones he made previously , likening the United States government to Nazi Germany in that both , he argued , worked to silence their opponents . Carson stood by those comments when pressed in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . It 's that very penchant -- for frank and often controversial comments -- that has made him so popular with the GOP base , and turned the retired neurosurgeon into a rising conservative star who just last month polled third in a CNN/ORC survey of the potential GOP presidential field . He 's made no secret of his interest in the race , and recently said he "  feel -LSB- s -RSB- fingers " from God to run . Many within the establishment wing of the party remain wary of him , however , because of his talent for the very remarks that make him so popular with the far right . He also started a firestorm of criticism over comments he made that Obamacare was the "  worst thing " to happen to the U.S. since slavery . But his appearance at the RNC 's winter meeting , alongside the likes of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney , suggest that Carson 's popularity on the right has earned him some notice from the establishment as the party charts its course heading into 2016 . CNN 's Terence Burlij contributed to this report	Ben Carson held up ISIS as an example for the U.S. during his RNC speech on Thursday The retired neurosurgeon is contemplating a presidential bid His controversial comments have won him fans and detractors in the past
CNN  -- "  Be sure that buttocks and female breasts are adequately covered . " "  Thong type costumes are problematic . " "  Avoid sheer see-through clothing . " Is this the new edict of a religiously conservative government that wants to make sure that men -- and especially women -- are covered up ? Could it be the dress code for visiting the Vatican , the Wailing Wall , the Dome of the Rock or other holy sites ? Nope , these words are actually part of the wardrobe advisory e-mail that CBS sent to attendees of this Sunday 's Grammy Awards . Yep , CBS , the network that brought you a promo during last week 's Super Bowl for its show , "  2 Broke Girls , " featuring the show 's young female stars writhing on a stripper pole , is now concerned about sending the wrong message . The language that CBS used in explaining its clothing recommendations is actually hilarious -- it seems to have been written by a cross between an elderly lawyer and Goody Procter from "  The Crucible . " Predicting the 2013 Grammy winners Here are some of the highlights : Talent should , "  avoid exposing bare fleshy under curves of the buttocks and buttock crack . " What exactly is "  fleshy under curves " and why does it sound so oddly hot ?  And by frowning upon the showing of buttock cracks , does this mean that many of the union plumbers working at the Grammy venue may also have wardrobe problems ? CBS wants attendees to avoid outfits that could "  expose female breast nipples . " And the network also put its foot down on clothes that expose the "  bare sides " of breasts , aka , the famed and increasingly popular "  sideboob . " However , the most bizarrely worded wardrobe line is that talent must , "  be sure that the genital region is adequately covered so that there is no visible ` puffy ' bare skin exposure . " What exactly is "  puffy " bare skin ? Is that code for some word I do n't know about ? And why did CBS put the word "  puffy " in quotes ? It sounds even dirtier that way . My big question is this : What caused CBS to be so concerned that this year it issued a written wardrobe advisory ? CBS has aired the Grammys for more than 40 straight years , dating back to 1973 . Obviously over that time we have seen some pretty risquÃ © outfits . Could it be because CBS wants to appease conservatives who freaked out over the outfit Beyonce wore while performing in the Super Bowl halftime show ? 21 questions for the 2012 Grammys Right-wing radio host Laura Ingraham protested Beyonce 's outfit with a sarcastic tweet : "  Very family-friendly dancing S&M by Beyonce . What every girl shd aspire to . #waronwomen . " A writer at "  The National Review " penned a column entitled , "  Put a Dress on , " demanding that Beyonce not wear a "  black teddy " on stage but something less revealing .  Of course , if similar language was espoused from people in the Muslim world , these same conservatives would denounce it as Muslims attempting to oppress women , but it 's somehow OK when they do it . The real reason is unclear . CBS declined to officially comment but sources there stated that a similar verbal wardrobe warning had been given in the past . What is clear is that this wardrobe advisory is not gender neutral . Its very language tells women what they can not wear . "  Female breasts " must be adequately covered . "  Female breast nipples " must not be exposed . Even where there 's no specific gender reference , we all understand that no one is concerned that Bruce Springsteen , who is nominated for a Grammy this year , will show up exposing the , "  bare fleshy under curves " of his buttocks . No , CBS is more concerned with making sure that women are properly covered . ` Boss ' auctions guitar , lesson Beyond the apparent sexism of the wardrobe advisory , we also need to keep in mind that freedom of expression is not just words . Freedom of expression also includes expressing yourself through the clothes you wear , especially for the talented musical artists attending the Grammys . These performers should be able to dress any way they choose , both men and women . A big part of the Grammys is enjoying the range of outfits worn , from the glamorous to the provocative to ones that make you wonder what was the bet the person lost that made them wear that outfit -- I 'm looking at you Nicki Minaj , who last year dressed like a bright red version of "  The Flying Nun " and was accompanied by a man dressed like the pope . And of course , if someone wears an outfit that truly violates FCC regulations , then CBS should not allow that person on camera . That is not only CBS ' right , it 's CBS ' obligation . But the CBS wardrobe advisory note goes too far -- it both hampers creativity and imposes restrictions that are sexist . I hope that at Sunday 's Grammys we see people dressed as creatively and provocatively as they choose . Part of me even hopes that Bruce Springsteen wears an outfit that exposes his "  puffy " bare skin -- whatever that may be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	CBS sent a wardrobe advisory e-mail to Grammy attendees to cover up well Dean Obeidallah : The note is not only hilarious , it 's also sexist toward women He says maybe CBS is trying to appease conservatives like Laura Ingraham Obeidallah : Artists should be able to dress as creatively and provocatively as they choose
CNN  -- Entering his sixth year at Hogwarts , Harry Potter may not be able to see the finishing line , but he knows it 's coming . In "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " the trio of Harry , Ron and Hermione are on the trail of evil . In "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " the sixth film in the Potter series , he 's like a marathon runner who senses that he 's got this course beat : He 's still pacing himself , but there 's a definite spring in his step . Potter 's confidence seems to be a product of Daniel Radcliffe 's authority in the role as much as anything . He 's decided he 's the hero of the piece , and he 's happy with that ; Radcliffe plays him with such implacable conviction and such lightness , it 's becoming harder to worry about the character 's plight . He can be reckless and impatient , but by now he 's essentially untouchable . His chums may be prey to hormonal surges -- buckets of screen time is devoted to Ron 's love life and Hermione 's lack of same -- but our Harry stays focused . While Ron moons over his girlfriend , every night Potter takes a textbook to bed with him . Potter 101 : A guide to Harry Potter " This battered book of potions comes with scarily insightful scribbles by a former student , the titular half-blood prince , giving Potter a distinct edge over his classmates and that increasingly conflicted bleached blond , Draco Malfoy . More important , it also gets him in good with this installment 's designated dodgy faculty member , Professor Horace Slughorn . We know the drill by now : Slughorn has special knowledge that Harry must prize out of him , while the teacher 's own leanings remain tantalizingly ambiguous . A special guest star in all but name , Jim Broadbent plays this mildewed academic with appropriately Dickensian panache and an undertow of sympathy  first spotted disguised as an armchair , the suspiciously solicitous Slughorn maintains at least one foot in the closet  . Adapted by Steve Kloves and directed  like Potter V , "  The Order of the Phoenix "  by the efficient , self-effacing David Yates , "  Half-Blood Prince " is as brisk and nimble as J.K. Rowling 's two-steps-forward , one-step-back narrative stratagems allow . It risks annoying some fans by axing one significant character and a potential action show-stopper , but it 's actually the overarching storyline that feels skimpy ; the movie is replete with lovely , inventive design details and idiosyncratic effects work , while Yates ' reluctance to pump up the bombast might be counted sweet relief after the latest bout of blockbusting overkill . iReport.com : "  Potter " fans review the film A trio of evenly spaced set-pieces do generate enough excitement to make this an iffy proposition for parents with younger kids ; in particular Dumbledore and Harry 's climactic cave expedition is an intense , nightmarish standout . But for all this series ' constitutional doom-and-gloom , what 's truly charming about the Harry Potter movies is the rare privilege of seeing Radcliffe , Rupert Grint  Ron  , Emma Watson  Hermione  and the others growing up before our eyes . Video gallery : See the stars now and then " We 've now had eight formative years -- the first film came out in 2001 -- telescoped into 15 hours or so of tumultuous screen time , and anyone who 's stayed the course with them will feel a connection . iReport.com : Share your "  Potter " review Soon it will be time to let these kids go and find their own way in the Muggle world , but what rich , strange and wonderful home movies we 'll have to look back on . "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " is rated PG and runs 153 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " is sixth film in Harry Potter series New film another success , a great tribute to Daniel Radcliffe 's abilities Film is rated PG , though not all of it is appropriate for young children
CNN  -- Former Finnish Finance Minister Sauli Niinisto emerged victorious in the nation 's presidential election Sunday , according to preliminary results . According to Finland 's Ministry of Justice , with 100 % of votes counted , Niinisto defeated the nation 's first openly gay presidential candidate , Pekka Haavisto , with 62.6 % of the vote compared to Haavisto 's 37.4 % . Both were vying to succeed Tarja Halonen , Finland 's first female president , who can not run for re-election . In the first round of voting on January 28 , the conservative Niinisto took just under 37 % of the vote . Haavisto , a pro-European Green League candidate , got 18.8 % , claiming the No. 2 spot and narrowly edging out euro-skeptic Paavo Vayrynen , who had 17.5 % . The winner of Sunday 's vote between Niinisto and Haavisto will break a 30-year lock on the presidency by Halonen 's Social Democrats . Halonen , who is completing her second term as president , defeated Niinisto , of the conservative National Coalition Party , in 2006 . Both candidates are pro-Europe at a time when the European Union is facing a debt crisis that could threaten the bloc 's common currency , the euro . The most vocally anti-Europe candidate , Timo Soini of the True Finns party , came in fourth last week , though his party is the third largest in parliament . Finland joined the euro when it was created , when Niinisto was finance minister . He insists Finland should stay in the eurozone despite the debt crisis that has taken some of the shine off the common currency . His party won the top share of votes in last April 's parliamentary election , and leads a broad coalition government that includes the Social Democrats . Finland is one of the few remaining AAA-rated countries in the eurozone . But 2012 is expected to deliver a growth of only 0.4 % , with the possibility of a new recession , its finance ministry reports . It has had to take part in the bailouts of other euro states that faced deep financial problems such as Greece and Ireland . Many Finns now see Niinisto -- who also served as deputy chairman of the European Investment Bank -- as someone who can stand up for Finland 's interests in the single currency . Haavisto , meanwhile , has served as Finland 's environment and development minister and has international experience working for the European Union and the United Nations in Sudan and the Middle East . Finland 's president is in charge of the country 's foreign policy , together with the government , and serves as commander-in-chief of its defense forces . But recent changes have seen more power being given to the government and parliament , and former President Mauno Koivisto told YLE that there was a risk of an "  imbalance " between the direct public election of the president and the office 's diminishing power .	NEW : Sauli Niinisto gained 62.6 % of the vote , preliminary results show Opponent Pekka Haavisto is Finland 's first openly gay presidential candidate The vote pits a former finance minister against an ex-environment minister Both candidates are pro-Europe at a time when the EU is in crisis
SIMI VALLEY , California  CNN  -- Half of all U.S. Marine Corps units at their home bases are below the levels of required readiness , according to the new commandant of the Marine Corps . Speaking Saturday at a bipartisan national security conference at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library , Gen. Joseph Dunford said , "  Fifty percent of our units that are at home station today , they are at a degraded state of readiness . " Dunford said that includes "  equipment shortfalls , or personnel shortfalls , and the reason is because of the high operational tempo we have today . " The problem for the Marine Corps is that the units back home -- not already out on the front line -- are the most critical to have ready in a crisis , said the general , who took command last month . "  Units at home station are exactly the units that will respond to the unexpected . They will be the units to respond to a major contingency and those units are not at the level of readiness that we want them to be today . " Dunford said the major problem is the mandatory budget cuts as part of the so-called sequestration process . He noted that about two years ago the Marine Corps had been making progress in improving readiness from its previous rate of 60 % of units not being ready to deploy . But he said "  increased requirements " for Marines in high-threat areas such as the Middle East have caused the problem to grow worse again . "  The big issue is the ability to respond to the unexpected contingency or frankly some of the contingencies that we plan for . And the bench that responds to those contingencies is the bench right now that is suffering the greatest degraded readiness , " Dunford said .	New commandant laments budget , stretched resources Not enough equipment , personnel , he says He points to deployment demands in Middle East
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's time this debate was settled once and for all . Football or soccer ? What do you think the round-ball game should be called ? While it may be a basic discussion ; arguing whether the beautiful game should be called "  football " or "  soccer " is one of the most fundamental debates of the code . On the face it , the answer should be simple . The world body -- FIFA -- has the word "  football " in its title . End of story ? Not quite . The term soccer was coined as slang for "  association , " in England in the 1880s . The Oxford University Association Football Club 's Web site explains that former England captain Charles Wreford-Brown is commonly credited with its origin . Soccer would have been used to differentiate between University sports rugby football  "  rugger "  and "  association " football . Therefore , contrary to popular belief , the word soccer is a British term , not an American one . Soccer is more commonly used in countries that play other forms of football , i.e. Americans also play gridiron football and Australians who play "  Aussie Rules " football -- a completely different sport entirely . Soccer was initially referred to as football in the United States . In 1913 the United States of America Football Association was formed . In later years , it became the United States Soccer Football Association and today is known as the United States Soccer Federation . Meanwhile they now have the Football Federation of Australia , it 's hard to imagine a change to the national side 's "  Socceroos " nickname anytime soon . The "  Footyroos " does n't quite have the same sound to it . Now , you may be sitting back in Britain reading this and wondering why there should be any debate at all about the name of football ? If you are thinking that , just remember one of the most popular shows in Britain is called "  Soccer Saturday " , so it 's not as clear cut as you may think ! Even the sport 's governing body seems to be open to both options . At next year 's FIFA World Cup in South Africa , the area where fans will gather during the tournament is to be called "  Soccer City " . Maybe the word "  football " just does n't work ? We 'd like you to tell us whether the game should be called football or soccer and why . Let us know in the SoundOff box below . You can also vote in the quick vote on the Football Fanzone homepage . Or , if you really want to make your case -- why not post us a video or photos at the Football Fanzone page on iReport.com . Olivia Sterns contributed to this report	CNN asks : Should the ` beautiful game ' be called football or soccer ? The word "  football " appears in the name of the game 's governing body It 's alternative "  soccer " is still widely used around the world
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A 219-year-old document that stemmed from alcohol tariffs to pay off Revolutionary War debts -- and signed by Alexander Hamilton -- became the property of The National Archives on Thursday . This document , signed by Alexander Hamilton , discusses tools for customs agents to determine alcohol content for imported spirits . The historic letter , which has been the property of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  for the past 35 years , chronicles the federal government 's earliest efforts to regulate alcohol . In the document , Hamilton , the first United States secretary of the Treasury , discusses tools for customs agents to determine -- for tax purposes -- the alcohol content of St. Croix rum and other imported spirits . Historians said the document is a notable footnote in American history . In 1789 and again in 1790 , Congress imposed alcohol tariffs to pay Revolutionary War debts . In response to the tax on imports , Americans began distilling their own spirits . And when the federal government began taxing those beverages , citizens staged the "  Whiskey Rebellion , " harassing and threatening federal agents in several cities . But in 1794 , the government squelched the uprising , helping to establish the federal government 's authority in disputes with individual states . Even non-historians might appreciate the timelessness of the dog-eared document , given its skillful use of bureaucratic language to deliver bad news . One eye-glazing , 76-word sentence probably can be summarized as follows : "  We do n't have the thermometers you 'll need , so for now , use the ones you 've got . " The document , dated Dec. 18 , 1790 , is an original draft of a "  circular letter , " an official memo that would have been hand-copied and sent to customs officers , historians said . "  In this circular letter , Hamilton attempts to provide customs officers with new tools to more efficiently do their jobs , " said Kenneth Melson , acting director of ATF . Hamilton notes that he is sending a hydrometer -- used to determine the specific gravity or density of liquids -- to ports so that customs officers can determine the proof of imported beverages . Hamilton says he intends to provide two hydrometers to every port ; one to be used as a standard or check . "  But it is not possible in the first instance to send both . Hence one only will accompany this letter , " he writes . In a postscript , he adds that he is also sending a "  Tin Cylinder " to hold liquor while its alcohol content is being measured . Archivists said the early history of the Hamilton circular is not known . But in the mid-1970s , an ATF spokesman and autograph collector -- Howard Criswell Jr. -- came across the letter in a catalog from an autograph dealer in New York City . He purchased it for about $ 100 , intending to use it in an ATF bicentennial exhibit . Criswell , now 84 , is retired and lives in Maryland . The document remained in an ATF safe until it was rediscovered by ATF employees during a relocation of its headquarters building in 2005 . ATF officials said they had once planned to frame the letter , but were told that it would be damaged by exposure to light . The National Archives said the document will become part of its permanent holdings and will be preserved in a locked , temperature and humidity-controlled stack area at its facility in College Park , Maryland .	Document chronicles the federal government 's earliest efforts to regulate alcohol Item is guide for customs agents to determine the alcohol content of imported spirits Document will become part of The National Archives ' permanent holdings
CNN  -- K.S. "  Bud " Adams Jr. , the founder and owner of the Tennessee Titans/Houston Oilers football franchise and a co-founder of the American Football League , died Monday morning at his home in Houston , the team said . He was 90 . Adams owned the team for more than 53 years , starting in Houston , where his Oilers began play in 1960 as a charter member of the NFL 's new competitor , the AFL . Adams , an oil company founder , teamed with other businessmen , including eventual Dallas Texans and Kansas City Chiefs owner Lamar Hunt , to form the eight-team AFL in 1959 . The Oilers won two AFL championships before the league merged with the NFL in 1970 . The Oilers franchise moved to Tennessee in 1997 , eventually settling in Nashville as the Tennessee Titans . His franchise reached the Super Bowl once during his stewardship : in January 2000 , when the Titans lost 23-16 to the St. Louis Rams . People we lost in 2013 Adams ' death came three days after "  Bum " Phillips , the man Adams employed as Oilers coach and general manager from 1975 to 1980 , died at age 90 . St. Louis Rams head coach Jeff Fisher , who was the Oilers ' and Titans ' coach from 1994 to 2010 , said Monday that he was "  extremely saddened " to hear of Adams ' death . "  My respect for Mr. Adams goes well beyond the owner/coach relationship that we shared for many years . He was a pioneer in the football business . He played a key role in creating and sustaining the American Football League , which helped push the popularity of our game to where it is today , " Fisher said in a statement released by the Rams . CNN 's Jillian Martin and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Adams co-founded American Football League in 1959 He founded the Houston Oilers , which began play in the AFL in 1960 In 1997 , Adams moved the team to Tennessee , where it became the Titans
Atlanta  CNN  -- Like pretty much every gay American with an Internet connection , I 'd gotten sick of staring at Tweetdeck and SCOTUSblog all month , waiting for the day the Supreme Court would rule on same-sex marriage . "  COME ON , SCOTUS . I GOT ESSAYS TO WRITE , MEN TO MARRY , HAVOC TO WREAK , " one Twitter user , @theferocity , wrote Monday . Amen , brother . So on Wednesday morning , with the court sure to issue opinions on cases involving Proposition 8 , California 's same-sex marriage ban , and the Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , the federal law prohibiting married same-sex couples from collecting federal marriage benefits , I decided to find real-life people -- off the Internet -- to share the potentially historic moment . After making a few calls , I arranged to meet a group of five homeless LGBT young people at a coffee shop in Atlanta 's gayborhood . I was hoping the court would send them a positive , affirming message -- that they matter , that they exist , and that they 're fully equal under the law . And I wondered what they thought about the national debate . The news that the court struck down DOMA and balked on Prop 8 led teary-eyed crowds to cheer , hug and hold rainbow-colored flags in other parts of the country . But the news rang hollow here . Opinion : For gays , profess stunning , fast "  It does n't really matter . It does n't affect anything , " Rob Pittman , 23 , said of the court 's decisions . Pittman left home at 12 , he said , because his parents did n't accept the fact that he 's gay . "  Regardless , people are still going to hate us . " "  When same-sex marriage becomes legal , and we 're able to get married , there 's going to be a lot more people  coming  out of the closet , which means there 's going to be a lot more hate crimes . That 's how I look at it , " said Kaylee Campbell , 20 . Rick Westbrook , the 50-year-old who manages the six-bedroom Atlanta shelter named Lost-n-Found Youth , read updates from SCOTUSblog  it 's short for Supreme Court of the United States , for the uninitiated  from his iPhone . "  DOMA is unconstitutional ... , " he told the group . Hooray , right ? Layla Wright , 24 , initially was the only person who clapped . "  Come on , clap ! " she implored . Most did n't . Instead , they left to go on a smoke break . Maybe such indifference comes off as smug or ungrateful at a time when many lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people -- and our supporters -- are celebrating . But it should n't -- not if you take a hard look at what it 's like to be an openly LGBT young person in many parts of the country . According to one survey , 40 % of homeless kids are LGBT . That 's no coincidence . They live in societies and in families that discriminate against them . Opinion : How youth led change in public attitudes That 's true whether or not DOMA exists . Most states do n't sanction same-sex marriage  can we start calling it simply "  marriage , " by the way ?  . Most allow people to be fired for being gay -- legally . This is a fight that 's far from over . "  Today 's DOMA ruling is a historic step forward for #MarriageEquality . #LoveIsLove , " the @BarackObama Twitter feed posted . It is a huge step forward . And that should be recognized and lauded . I 'm thrilled for same-sex couples in California who likely will be able to marry in coming weeks because of the court 's opinion . But I feel for the couples in many other states who still ca n't -- and for kids like those who live at Lost-n-Found in Atlanta , who have grown up being taught they are less than human . Watch all the "  Glee " you want . That 's still the reality . Campbell , a young woman with a bright smile and a red-sequined shirt , told me her parents kicked her out of her home at 15 because she 's a lesbian . "  It was n't good , " she said . "  They 're really , really , really religious . Very religious . " That was in Alabama . She lived with friends or slept behind dumpsters before moving to Maine to try living with her grandmother , who also rejected her . She landed at the homeless shelter in Atlanta a year and a half ago . When people have treated her so poorly -- simply because of who she is -- how could you blame her for being less than enthusiastic about the state of gay America ? Wright , a transgender woman , the one who clapped when DOMA fell , took a sunnier point of view . "  It 's not going to end the fight , " she said . "  They expect people to lie down and take this and give up ? Uh-uh , honey ! You 've got another thing coming ! " What 's next for gay rights movement ? I could tell Westbrook , the shelter leader , was thrilled to hear this . Which was how I felt , too . Westbrook has been with his partner for 19 years . DOMA and Prop 8 matter to him very personally . And when he was the age of these young people , he said he never could have imagined a national conversation about same-sex marriage -- much less it being legal for some . "  It 's one step in the right direction , " he said . "  It 'll happen . " But when ? That 's my question . And it 's one that does matter . Legalizing marriage across the country not only would have immediate benefits for same-sex couples and their children -- but it also would help change the society these young people inhabit . Slowly , it would make the world safer for them . Their speaking up will help , too , of course . As the conversation wound down , Wright proudly announced her latest Facebook status update . "  Illegalizing love should be illegal , " she said , reading from her phone . She quoted Wanda Sykes and then wrote , "  Haters need to get over their cheap selves now . " "  Ten exclamation points ! " she said . Let 's hope plenty of state legislators follow her on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	The U.S. Supreme Court rules on two same-sex marriage cases John Sutter : Fight for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality is far from over He waits for news on court 's rulings with a group of homeless LGBT people A 24-year-old : "  They expect people to lie down and take this and give up ? "
CNN  -- The Clash was falling apart . More specifically , says guitarist Mick Jones , the band 's original master tapes were falling apart . "  A bit like nitrate film , " he says in a phone interview from Britain . Except , instead of burning up , the oxide layers to such records as "  London Calling , " "  Sandinista " and "  Combat Rock " were disintegrating . To save them and make proper digital masters , the tapes had to be baked in an industrial oven and transferred to other media . "  It has been a bit of a restoration , " says Jones . "  I do n't think it was a moment too soon , because the tapes were rotting -- mold in the boxes and stuff . " But the ultimate result was worth it : spanking-new releases of the band 's catalog in a new boxed set called "  Sound System . " The collection , which is shaped like a boombox , contains newly remastered versions of the group 's five official albums , as well as three CDs of demos and singles , a DVD of video footage , a new edition of the "  Armagideon Times " fanzine , and even some buttons for that classic 1979 look  denim jacket not included  . The box will be released Tuesday along with a 2-CD best-of called "  Hits Back . " The band , of course , broke up long ago -- 1985 , two years after Jones was fired . Though relations were soon repaired , there was never a reunion . Singer and lyricist Joe Strummer died in 2002 . A year later the group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Their legacy is indisputable -- and not just in the punk movement . Indeed , calling the Clash a "  punk band " is like calling the Beatles a "  Merseybeat combo . " Their music included dollops of rockabilly , reggae , country , rap , soul and jazz , a true mix of styles that made for some of the most exciting records and live shows of the rock 'n' roll era . The boombox , says bassist Paul Simonon , symbolizes the way the four would share music and ideas . "  When we would go out on tour , each member of the band had one of these boomboxes , so in a hotel room or backstage or on some street corner we could play music , " he recalls . "  Everybody was playing something . " Jones and Simonon talked about the Clash 's career in separate interviews with CNN . The following has been edited and condensed . On their influences : Mick Jones : The Big Five groups over here -- the Beatles , the Stones , the Kinks , the Who and the Small Faces . I was lucky enough to grow up at the time when they were doing their most fantastic music . When you do music yourself , it 's interesting -- it 's like a two-way highway . You go back and find out what influenced the people you liked , so you 're going backwards , at the same time you 're in the present trying to do something . It led us back to so many American artists -- blues , soul and rock and roll . Paul Simonon : Reggae and rockabilly . And mostly reggae , because that 's what I grew up on , and that 's the only music that seemed to me at that time that had something to say for itself . Whereas Led Zeppelin , progressive rock , it did n't speak to me . I could n't relate to it . On being labeled as a punk band : Simonon : I do n't care about it . People are going to say what they want to say anyway . Some people are going to say , ` They 're rubbish . ' I do n't really care , because I know in my mind what we were . We initially started out as a punk band , but we evolved . We evolved into quite a magnificent rock and roll band , I daresay . Jones : We ca n't really deny that 's where we come from , but we always hoped to be more . A lot of our contemporaries , if they did make more than one record , they made the same record . And of the people I liked , I was really looking forward to their new record coming out , because I knew they were doing something different . I knew they were n't going to do the same thing every time . That was like a given with us . That was only natural -- I always knew we were never going to make the same record twice . On their fashion choices : Simonon : That was my department , really . If you go see a band and they look amazing , you get really inspired . But if the band looks not very well-dressed , it 's hard to get inspired by the music . As our manager said , if somebody goes to see a band , and the audience is better dressed than the band , then why should the audience listen to what the band have to say ? There 's a like-minded thought process going on at this time anyway . We do n't want flares , we want straight-leg trousers . The whole world 's got flares . And everybody 's got long hair --  so  we want short hair . It was very tribal , too . You had the mods , you had the rockers , you had skinheads , you had hippies , people were very defined by how they looked , and it reflected the music they liked , too . On "  the only band that matters " : Jones : The record company came up with that ; it was n't us . We were n't like trying to blow our own trumpets . It was kind of a moniker and it stuck . Every group wants to be the best group when you 're young . On becoming stars : Jones : I remember once , I was talking to Pete Townshend  at a stadium show  . I said I know what "  quadrophenia " means now , because if you look in one direction , you 're ignoring 50,000 people ! He just looked at me like I was mad . It was a big thing , but we had something we wanted to say , so it was interesting to see how we 'd get on in that environment . Simonon : In the early days when we first started out in a hotel room , it was n't a great hotel room , but the hotel was better than where I lived . Then as the journey continues you get more successful , suddenly the hotel rooms have one big bed in it rather than two narrow beds that you have to share . So it 's a gradual thing . When you do get to the point where you 're in the lap of luxury , it 's easy to lose contact with yourself and where you 're from . In some ways it 's not a bad thing that the Clash split up when they did , because we would have become "  the only band that mattered " and very pompous . So maybe in some ways cutting your own throat was a good idea at the time . Who knows what sort of people we would be now ? On writing songs with Joe Strummer : Jones : It started off as , "  We need another song . " "  OK , give us five minutes , " and we 'd go upstairs to rehearsals and bang something out . At the other end of the scale would be , I do n't want to see him , just post the lyrics through the post box . Sometimes  he would sit at the typewriter and bang it out like a guy who worked at the newspaper , and he 'd pull it out of the typewriter and hand it across the table . It was always pretty quick . It usually comes naturally , especially with Joe 's lyrics . Even the tune was there sometimes . It was the words , really , and the music was kind of a vehicle for those words . On feeling Strummer 's presence while preparing "  Sound System : " Jones : Yeah , it 's impossible not to .  Because  it was his words that carried the whole thing , or was the most important thing to it , I like to think he was with us . He 's definitely with us through his music , and somehow with us in spirit , as well .  sounds a little choked up  I feel that , anyway . Simonon : No . The reason I say that , is because it 's like each person in the band was an individual . There was no leader . We spent seven intense years working together , so you get a pretty good idea of how each other is . Getting along : Jones : We became friends very soon after , that was the main thing . I 've had a great time these last couple years while we 've been putting this box together . It 's been wonderful to spend time with the guys , and have complete creative control over all our work . Simonon : I see Mick and we do things . We went to a play once  in which  they wanted to use the song "  Know Your Rights . " They invited us to the play . What they did n't realize was that back when the record was being recorded me and Mick had like a two-hour argument in the studio about the bass sound . I said it needed to be not louder , but a bit deeper . So we went to see this play . And I heard the song being played back , and it sounded really tinny . And I turned to Mick and said , "  I told you I was right ! " There 's no antagonism anymore . We 're sort of grown up now . We know that we were really fortunate to be working together at the time that we did .	New Clash boxed set collects albums , video , ephemera Group was a leader in UK punk movement and incredibly versatile Albums include "  London Calling , " "  Combat Rock " Boxed set 's packaging -- a boombox -- symbolizes sharing of ideas , says Paul Simonon
CNN Student News  -- March 23 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Haiti • China Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Happy birthday , Roger Bannister -- first man to run the mile in less than four minutes . In more than twice that time , you 'll be up to speed on today 's headlines . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Health Care AZUZ : First up , it 's the biggest expansion of the United States health care system in more than forty years . And by a vote of 219-212 , the U.S. House of Representatives passed a health care reform bill late Sunday night . This is the same bill that the Senate passed last December . This means that when President Obama signs it , it 's law . The House also passed a set of changes to the Senate bill . We 're gon na get back to that in just a second . But first , you know this health care issue has been controversial . We want you to check out some of the reaction to last night 's vote . REP. NANCY PELOSI ,  D  HOUSE SPEAKER : Thirty-two million more Americans having access to health care . $ 1.3 trillion saved for the taxpayer and accountability for the insurance companies so they can not come between patients and their doctors . REP. JOHN BOEHNER ,  R  HOUSE MINORITY LEADER : Shame on us . Shame on this body . Shame on each and every one of you who substitutes your will and your desires above those of your fellow countrymen . BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : This legislation will not fix everything that ails our health care system , but it moves us decisively in the right direction . This is what change looks like . AZUZ : Okay , so the House passed the bill . Now what ? Well , President Obama is expected to sign it today . Again , as soon as he does that , the Senate bill becomes law . But how about those changes passed by the House ? Those still need to get through the Senate . That process ca n't start until the president signs the original bill . Some analysts are saying that the package of changes could inspire a pretty heated battle in the Senate . We 're going to have more on that as the debate gets going . Another thing that 's going to happen when the president signs the health care bill : lawsuits . At least ten states are planning to file suits arguing that parts of the health care bill are unconstitutional . President Obama 's administration says it expects to win any lawsuits filed against the bill . Promo AZUZ : Well , this debate , dominating headlines for months . You see our home page here , CNNStudentNews.com . Now that a health care bill has been passed , some people are calling it a milestone ; others are calling it a mistake . That is what our blog , which you see right here , is asking : milestone or mistake ? You can vote in our Quick Poll , comment on the subject . You know where to find it ; it 's at CNNStudentNews.com . In fact , I have a couple comments for you right now . Brian says "  it is a good idea because it 'll keep insurance companies from raising prices . " Daniel , on the other hand , he 's saying "  it 's not the answer to the problems our current system has . " We want you to share your thoughts -- and firstnames only -- at our blog . Word to the Wise TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... subsidize  verb  to help or assist by providing money source : www.m-w.com Student Loan Reform AZUZ : Sunday night , the House of Representatives also approved a plan for the government to be the main supplier of student loans . Right now , you can get loans from the government or from private companies . But the government actually subsidizes some of those private loans ; it gives the companies money to guarantee them . This new proposal would cut those subsidies out . Ali Velshi gives us a little background on how loans work right now and how this would change the process . ALI VELSHI , CNN ANCHOR AND CHIEF BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : Right now , the government provides about $ 31 billion in student loans . The private enterprise banks -- private banks , basically -- provide about $ 67 billion . In many cases , they 're guaranteed by the government . But really , you can see the private enterprise gives about twice as many loans as the government does . Now the plan , according to the bill , is basically for the government to rub out the middleman , to stop sort of subsidizing or guaranteeing these loans and be the lender directly to people with loans . AZUZ : This proposal still needs to go through the Senate . It 's not a done deal . Supporters argue that it would save the federal budget more than $ 60 billion over the next 10 years . One congressman said it would make college more affordable and keep jobs in America . But critics of the plan say it 'll actually put jobs at stake , including thousands of employees at those private lending companies , those banks . Critics also argue that the change will cause delays in the loan process , because they say the government does n't have enough people to handle all the loans . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Who were the 42nd and 43rd presidents of the United States ? Were they : A  Ronald Reagan & George H.W. Bush , B  George H.W. Bush & Bill Clinton , C  Bill Clinton & George W. Bush or D  Jimmy Carter & Ronald Reagan ? We 'll give you five seconds on this one -- GO ! Bill Clinton was number 42 and George W. Bush was 43 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Haiti Relief AZUZ : Those two former presidents are working together to try and help victims of January 's devastating earthquake in Haiti . The natural disaster killed more than 200,000 people -- was completely catastrophic -- left more than a million others homeless . Presidents Clinton and Bush were in the Caribbean nation yesterday , meeting with government officials and others who are involved in the relief efforts . They were there on behalf of the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , which they started to raise money for this recovery process . According to its Web site , the organization has raised more than $ 37 million so far . In addition to the meetings , Mr. Bush and Mr. Clinton spent part of yesterday 's visit touring some of the camps for Haiti 's homeless . U.S.-Israel Relations AZUZ : There 's been some tension between the U.S. and Israel lately . You 've heard about this on our show . It 's especially focused over Israel 's plans to build new settlements in East Jerusalem . This is an area that 's disputed between Israelis and Palestinians . The U.S. , which is trying to help create a Middle East peace plan , wants Israel to stop construction there . In a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , or AIPAC , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. has a responsibility "  to give credit when it is due and to tell the truth when it is needed . " But she said the relationship between the U.S. and Israel is still strong . U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : For President Obama and for me , and for this entire administration , our commitment to Israel 's security and Israel 's future is rock-solid , unwavering , enduring and forever . AZUZ : Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also spoke at the conference . He 's scheduled to sit down with President Obama for a meeting at the White House sometime today . Google AZUZ : A showdown could be looming between China and Google . Yesterday , the Internet company announced it has stopped censoring , or restricting , its search results in China . A company official said , "  We very much hope that the Chinese government respects our decision , though we are well aware that it could at any time block access to our services . " Back in 2006 , when Google launched Google.cn , its search engine in China , it agreed to a Chinese demand for the company to censor some of its search results . At the time , Google argued that offering Chinese users some information was better than nothing . But after alleged cyber-attacks against Google last December , the company stopped the self-censorship , although that only lasted for about a day . Now , it seems China will have to decide how it plans to react to this latest announcement . Blog Report AZUZ : A list was posted temporarily at a Wisconsin middle school . It showed the names of students who had failing grades , and about 500 of you had something to say about it ! Sabrina does n't think "  it 's fair to post someone 's grade where anyone can see it . " She says "  it 's embarrassing and humiliating . " A lot of you agreed with that . As you can see , our quick poll showed that about two-thirds of you oppose an F-list . Rachel says she does n't "  see this working at her school . The students would tell the parents ; the parents would get angry and contact the principal . " But Diana supports the idea , saying "  the parents should help their students get off the list and not complain to the school . " And Spencer writes , "  The principal did the right thing . He motivated half the kids to get off the list . It hopefully gets the people who do n't usually care to care about their grades . " If you have no idea what we 're talking about , watch this story in our archive . Go to CNNStudentNews.com . Click archive . Select the show from March 17th ! Before We Go AZUZ : And finally , if you have a fondness for fromage , you 're gon na love today 's Before We Go segment . Take a big whiff . You know what that smells like ? Victory ! That 's because this is the world 's best cheese ! The Swiss gruyere took top prize at the 2010 World Championship Cheese Contest in Wisconsin . The judges praised the big cheese for its creamy texture and lightly fruity taste . After beating out 2,300 other entries ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... We guess this cheese stands alone . A muenster pun like that is as gouda way as any to end today 's show . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Find out what comes next after the passage of a health care reform bill Learn about a proposal that would change how student loans are funded Follow the steps that led to a showdown between China and Google Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Richmond , Virginia  CNN  Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell is vowing to keep fighting the bribery accusations that on Tuesday landed him a two-year prison sentence . Outside the federal courthouse in Richmond , the Republican said he was "  deeply , deeply sorry " for the actions that led to his conviction on 11 felony public corruption charges , but that he "  never , ever betrayed my sacred oath of office . " McDonnell and his attorneys vowed to appeal the convictions immediately . The two years was a much shorter sentence than the 10 to 12 years that prosecutors had started the day asking for . But it was enough to rock McDonnell 's children , family and friends , many of whom gasped as it was read and were left wiping away tears . When McDonnell left , his wife , Maureen McDonnell , who could face a similar sentence herself , remained in the courtroom , sobbing . RELATED : Jack Abramoff 's prison advice for Bob McDonnell His sentencing was the culmination of the dramatic downfall of the Republican governor once heralded as a rising star -- tapped to give the party 's 2010 rebuttal to President Barack Obama 's State of the Union , and a fixture on short lists for national office . Now , McDonnell has another distinction : He 's the first Virginia governor ever sent to prison for corruption . McDonnell pled on Tuesday for mercy , saying he is now a "  heartbroken and humbled man . " His attorneys spent several hours ushering in a parade of political friends , religious leaders and family members to tout the Republican 's good character -- and reading excerpts of more than 400 letters they 'd submitted making the same case . It was n't enough to keep him out of prison entirely . U.S. District Court Judge James Spencer delivered the sentence on Tuesday . His decision : In addition to 24 months in prison , McDonnell faces two more years of supervised release , as well as $ 1,100 in fines -- $ 100 for each of the 11 felonies for which he was convicted . McDonnell was ordered to report to prison on Feb. 9 , just before his wife 's Feb. 20 sentencing . It 's Virginia 's former first lady whose relationship with Richmond businessman Jonnie Williams , who provided the bribes that led to their convictions , has faced the most intense scrutiny in recent months . McDonnell 's defense attorneys , allies and even one of the family 's daughters pointed to New York shopping trips , New England vacations and more -- portraying a woman in love with the perks of power and a man too naive to say no . That assessment , Spencer said , is "  dangerously delusional . " "  While Mrs. McDonnell may have allowed the serpent into the mansion , the governor knowingly let him into his personal and business affairs , " the judge said . In his comments to Spencer , McDonnell pled for leniency for his wife . Prosecutors would n't say Tuesday what penalty they 'll seek for her . McDonnell 's attorneys had tried to keep the former governor from spending any time in prison . They argued instead for 6,000 hours of community service -- or about three years worth of volunteer work . They even offered specific ideas , like working with a religious organization to aid the poor in Haiti or managing a food bank that serves an impoverished section of rural Virginia . Prosecutors , meanwhile , said that would amount to sweeping his crimes under the rug . The U.S. Probation Office had said federal sentencing guidelines suggested a sentence of 10 to 12 and a half years -- and prosecutors sought something in that range . But McDonnell 's attorneys convinced Spencer that the loans and gifts the former governor took from Williams were being overvalued , and Spencer knocked the sentencing guidelines down to 6 and a half to 8 years -- and still delivered a punishment short of that . Spencer , a Ronald Reagan appointee , said he 's spent decades trying to understand why seemingly good people do bad things -- but that McDonnell 's crimes were too serious to ignore . "  This entire case has been tragic from beginning to end , " Spencer said . The courtroom was so packed with McDonnell 's family members , friends , political allies and former staffers that federal officials had to feed video of the proceedings onto televisions set up in another courtroom -- and that one filled up , too . Afterward , U.S. Attorney Dana Boente said getting prison time for McDonnell is a victory , and sends a warning shot to other politicians . McDonnell , 60 , was convicted in September of 11 felony public corruption charges . His wife , Maureen , was also found guilty on eight charges . The charges were a result of the McDonnell family accepting about $ 177,000 in gifts and loans from Richmond businessman Williams . The trial was an emotional ordeal that often pitted McDonnell and other members of his family against his wife , who was portrayed as the driver of the family 's connections with Williams . The two were convicted of taking bribes from Williams in exchange for government favors as he sought to market a dietary supplement . The gifts included shopping trips with dress purchases in New York , wedding catering for the couple 's daughter , golf outings for their sons , a Rolex watch and more -- the bills for which McDonnell 's attorney , John Brownlee , said the former governor never knew were footed by Williams . "  We believe that these things were kept from Mr. McDonnell -- at least the source who paid for them , " he said . Pointing to several of the individual trips and gifts , he argued that McDonnell should be sentenced for having taken $ 69,000 in inappropriate gifts and loans , rather than $ 177,000 . Afterward , Brownlee and fellow defense attorney Henry Asbill said the case has n't reached its end . "  Sometimes in a case like this , justice is a marathon , " Asbill said . "  We will never give up this case . " RELATED : Former Virginia governor found guilty in influence-peddling case	U.S. District Court Judge James Spencer sentenced Bob McDonnell to two years in prison The former Virginia governor had hoped to do 6,000 hours of community service instead for public corruption charges McDonnell told the judge , "  I stand before you as a heartbroken and humbled man . "
CNN  -- Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta says there is no question that the United States is safer with Osama bin Laden , the architect of al Qaeda , dead , but contends there is no "  silver bullet " to destroy the terror network . Panetta 's assessment came just days before the one-year anniversary of the U.S. commando raid on bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , that ended a manhunt for the al Qaeda founder that began following the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . "  Having been involved in operations even before bin Laden , it was clear that there is no kind of silver bullet here to suddenly be able to destroy al Qaeda and that includes going after bin Laden , " Panetta told reporters Friday after a meeting with defense counterparts in South America . "  The way this works is that the more successful we are in taking down those that represent their spiritual and ideological leadership , the greater our ability to weaken their threat to this country . " The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security last week warned of the possibility of terrorist attacks leading up to and after the anniversary of the May 2 , 2011 , killing of bin Laden . There is no specific , credible terror threat , the agencies said . The warning , released by the FBI and DHS , says individuals have posted messages on "  violent extremist Web forums " vowing attacks on the United States around the anniversary , but adds that "  such threats are almost certainly aspirational . " "  I do n't think there 's any question that America is safer as a result of the bin Laden operation , " Panetta said . " ... It does n't mean that they do n't remain a threat . It does n't mean that we somehow do n't have the responsibility to keep going after them wherever they are . " He described the raid that he oversaw as the then-CIA director as "  tense , " with several "  nerve-wracking moments . " Panetta recalled the moment during the raid when one of two helicopters used by Navy SEALs crashed at bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . "  Just the fact that having those helicopters going 150 miles into Pakistan and the concern about whether or not they would be detected . And then actually going in to the compound when one of the helicopters went down because of the heat coming off the ground . It was just hotter than anybody had anticipated . And obviously that was pretty nerve-wracking , " he said . " ... Fortunately , we had a back-up helicopter that came in and was able to pick up the people that were there . " The biggest question during the operation , Panetta said , was "  whether or not bin Laden was really there . " "  We had no specific information that he was actually located there . All we had was , you know , just a lot of circumstantial intelligence and information . But all of us were , were kind of holding our breath to find out whether or not he was actually there . " The answer came about 20 minutes after the SEALs entered the bin Laden compound , with the utterance of the code word "  Geronimo . " "  There was a huge sigh of relief by everybody involved in that , " he said . While many details of the raid are known , questions remain about how bin Laden could have been in living for years in a compound that was only a mile from the Pakistan Military Academy in Abbottabad , a largely military community outside the capital , Islamabad . The U.S. raid , which was conducted without the knowledge of Pakistan , enraged the Pakistani public and deploy embarrassed its military . Panetta has said he remains convinced that someone with authority in Pakistan knew bin Laden was hiding at the compound . That claim has been denied by Pakistani officials . U.S.-Pakistani relations remain tense , in part because of U.S. drone strikes inside the country . Pakistan has in essence halted much of its cooperation with the United States while its parliament reassess future terms of engagement with Washington following a U.S. airstrike in November that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers along the border with Afghanistan .	Leon Panetta : There is no doubt the operation to get Osama bin Laden made the U.S. safer Panetta was the CIA director during the May 2 , 2011 , raid in Abbottabad , Pakistan He recalled moments during the raid that were "  nerve-wracking "
CNN  -- It 's not exactly the war of the roses , but a New York couple is taking a divorce case to a new level . Dr. Richard Batista  left  and his attorney , Dominick Barbara , says the divorce case is not just about a kidney . Dr. Richard Batista and his wife , Dawnell , are fighting over a kidney he gave her . Batista and his attorney , Dominick Barbara , appeared on CNN 's Larry King Live on Wednesday to discuss the case and why he filed a lawsuit . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : When did the wife need the kidney ? Richard Batista : Well , she needed three of them . The one that I donated was back in 2001 . King : Who else donated ? Batista : Her father donated the first kidney in -- well , I 'm going to go back -- when she was 13 years old . The second kidney she needed after two years of our marriage and that was back in 1992 . Thereafter , we had three children , prompting the third kidney transplant , which took place in 2001 . King : How is she doing now ? Do you know ? Batista : To the best of my knowledge , I understand that her kidney is doing better than mine . King : When did the marriage go bad ? Batista : It 's hard to say , but it was not on a good foundation around the time of the third transplant . King : What 's it like , by the way , to donate a kidney ? Batista : Well , it is probably the most wonderful feeling that you can possibly ever imagine on this planet . King : Is the surgery difficult ? Batista : The surgery , for me , was performed arthroscopically , so I have several port incisions , with a separate hand incision to allow for the kidney to be extracted . The surgery discomfort and pain itself was not all that horrendous , very tolerable . I was on my feet the following day . King : What was the cause of the divorce ? Batista : Well , she has her allegations . King : What were yours ? Batista : Infidelity . That 's my reason . Dominick Barbara : Actually , Larry , in the state of New York , it 's one of the grounds for divorce . When the show started , you mentioned the demand for the kidney or the value . Really , that 's not what 's going on . We use that as an example of what the doctor wants . What the doctor wants is , A  health to be taken into consideration in the division of the assets , whether or not she 'd be entitled to maintenance or not . But most of all ,  what 's  being done so he can be part of the children 's lives . That 's what really this case is all about . King : He 's not allowed to be part of their lives now ? Batista : It is my belief that the influence that the children are under , from the household , has put such a pressure on them that they no longer have visitation time with me , despite my most strongest efforts , both through phone call attempts through their mother and through the court system . King : What is he going to do with a kidney back ? Barbara : He does n't want the kidney . Remember , this is a God-like act when one gives a kidney . You can certainly understand that . No , what he wants the court to do is take into consideration what he 's done , what a wonderful thing it is he 's done and some understanding from the court . You know , it 's so strange ; here he does this , and when he says he 's allowed to see his children , well , legally he is , but these children have been so alienated from him . By the way , prior to the divorce , you should know that this was a 24/7 dad . The children loved him dearly . He 's a broken-hearted man from that . Before we started the litigation , we thought very deeply how it 's going to affect everyone . It was out of desperation that he did it . King : Dr. Batista , you think this might affect other people donating kidneys ? Batista : I hope , at the very least , first of all , I have to say that the real issue here is for me to get my children back . Aside from that , to draw light to the lack of kidney availability , to the number of poor and dying patients across the country who are yearning to live . I hope , and it 's my prayer , that this fallout will help enlighten those people who have any question about organ donation come forward , because there are so many people who are dying as a result of not having an organ . King : In view of how bitter this has gotten , Dr. Batista , if you had to do it over again , would you not donate it ? Batista : Without hesitation , I would give another kidney .	New York doctor , soon-to-be-ex-wife fighting over kidney he gave her in 2001 Doctor tells CNN 's Larry King "  real issue " is to get his children back Doctor says he hopes case will not deter organ donation
CNN  -- Lacy underwear has effectively been "  banned " by new regulations in Russia , Belarus and Kazakhstan , opponents say . But the issue is not one of modesty . A customs union made up of the three post-Soviet countries introduced a regulation , which requires clothing in contact with skin to contain at least 6 % of cotton , for safety reasons . From July , underwear that does not meet this requirement will not be available in stores in the economic area . Production and import of these will also stop . The regulations say this is designed to protect consumers against synthetic garments which do n't absorb enough moisture . That could cause skin problems . However , most luxury lingerie is made of materials with less than 4 % cotton -- and will not be allowed . Despite its supposed health benefit , the regulation has been badly received in Kazakhstan . Several Kazakh women were reportedly detained by the police in Almaty after protesting against the ban . Scores of women have posted pictures of themselves in lacy underwear on social networks and compared the photos to images of Soviet-era style brown , shapeless underwear . "  Producers have known about the regulations for about 10 years , " the customs union 's regulation minister Valery Koreshkov said in a publicly released statement , adding the news should not be a surprise . The union 's regulation Ð cents R Ð ¡ U 017/2011 was passed by the lawmakers in 2011 , but will only come into effect this July . Other undergarments and linens are also affected . But the reaction is putting union officials under pressure from textile producers and shoppers . In the same statement , Koreshkov said the union had already received several amendment proposals . Technical regulations are "  not a dogma " and can change , the statement said . "  These proposals should be considered by all the experts . " The customs union of the three counties was formed in 2010 , and is moving towards a full European Union - style trade union . The Eurasian Customs Union is set to be formalized in 2015 and expected to expand to other countries in the region .	Post-Soviet customs union "  bans " undergarments that contain less then 6 % cotton This includes fine lingerie -- most is made of materials with 4 % of cotton and less Several Kazakh women were detained by the police after protesting against the ban
CNN  -- At work one day , IT consultant Justin Shelton suddenly began to feel ill . A few hours later , he was in the emergency room , and doctors told him he might have a kidney infection . They just needed to run a scan to confirm the diagnosis . The next words were a cold reality check : The imaging machine could not support his weight . "  They told me , ` We think you have a kidney infection , but we ca n't confirm for sure , so we 're just going to treat it aggressively and hope that 's what it is , ' " Shelton said . He was 25 years old and weighed 592 pounds . Two years earlier , Justin 's wife , Lauren Shelton , had had her own medical scare ; her gallbladder had to be removed because of weight-related complications . At her heaviest , Lauren weighed 341 pounds . Their size made everyday tasks difficult , too . Years ago , Lauren was on a plane , and the seat belt would n't buckle . She was mortified and tried to hide from the flight attendants that she did n't fit into the seat . Both Lauren and Justin had been asked not to get on rides at a theme park because of their size . But Justin 's trip to the emergency room was the final straw . The Jefferson City , Tennessee , couple realized something needed to change . Luckily for Justin , doctors were right and able to treat his kidney infection without the scan . "  It made me think , ` What if it was something else ? What if it was more serious ? What would I have done then ? ' " Justin said . So in February 2012 , the couple began a 19-month journey to take control of their health . Early struggles "  I was always bigger than the other kids , but the pounds really started packing on during high school and continued to do so over the next several years , " Lauren wrote on her blog , OvercomingO.com . For Justin , it was a knee injury at age 13 that kept him from playing sports . The exercise went away , bad eating habits continued , and his weight got out of control . The Sheltons met online seven years ago , and their relationship revolved around their eating habits . They would go out to eat and indulge in one unhealthy meal after another . They knew that in order to get healthy , they needed someone to steer them in the right direction . So they sought help from a weight-loss management program at a local medical school . A physician 's assistant gave them guidelines on what they should and should not be eating , and on the amount of exercise they needed . Justin and Lauren started their new exercise routine by doing simple activities such as walking around the park and swimming . In late 2012 , they joined a gym . "  We go to the gym five to six days a week and take one day off and try to do something fun and active like hiking or swimming , " Lauren said . The couple also started using a smartphone app to track the calories they consumed . In the beginning , they ate at restaurants only on special occasions and prepared all meals at home . Lauren found recipes for healthier versions of the foods they loved . Their diet primarily consists of lean meats with lots of fruits and vegetables . Even today , everything they eat goes into a food journal . The weight came off quickly at the beginning . Justin lost 25 pounds and Lauren lost 30 pounds during the first month alone . They tried to keep the weight loss steady after that , knowing they could n't expect to see such a big number month after month without being disappointed . Weekly weigh-ins helped them track their progress . "  We have graphs that show our weight loss through an app . It helps us stay motivated and get through the hard weeks , " Justin said . In just 19 months , Justin dropped 362 pounds and Lauren lost 176 , for a total of 538 pounds . ` Nobody is perfect ' As they begin to move into the maintenance phase of their diet , the couple has allowed themselves to indulge once in a while . They now have what they call their Special Sunday Meal , where they will cook something they do n't typically have during the week . "  This Sunday , we may have grilled turkey burgers on a whole-wheat bun with some oven-baked potatoes , " Lauren said . "  Typically , we do not have starches very often and do not keep breads in the house . " They still give in to cravings from time to time . Lauren says she has a sweet tooth , but she controls cravings by distracting herself with activities such as walks or naps . What keeps her on track is understanding that "  No matter how many times you slipped or messed up , you just have to start over , and eventually you 'll get there , " she said . "  You have to stay positive and remind yourself that you 're human and nobody is perfect . " Even though they 've managed to lose a substantial amount of weight -- Lauren went from a size 32 dress to a size 12 , and Justin went from size 58 pants to a size 36 -- the couple struggles with the psychological side effects of such a massive physical change . Self-image has been an obstacle for both Lauren and Justin . They admit to having moments when they still see themselves as the obese people they used to be . "  I do n't see myself as quite as small as what the pictures show or people tell us we look like , " Lauren said . Through both the struggles and triumphs they have found support in each other . They say that doing this as a team has brought them closer together , and they feel like they are almost newlyweds again . Recently , Lauren and Justin traveled on a plane and were thrilled to find they could not only buckle their seat belts but needed to tighten them . They also returned to the theme park and rode the rides with no problems at all . "  It was kind of triumphant , " Justin said . "  We are a lot more adventurous and outgoing . Our outlook has changed almost completely . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Lauren and Justin Shelton lost a combined 538 pounds in 19 months They go to the gym six days a week and stay active on their day off They have found support in each other by taking every step of this journey together
New York  CNN  -- A mother abducted her eight biological children from a New York foster care agency during an authorized visit , authorities announced Tuesday . Shanel Nadal , 28 , fled with her seven sons and one daughter from the Queens facility on Monday afternoon , police said . The abducted boys are all apparently named after their biological father , Nephra Payne , 34 . They are Nephra Payne , 11 ; Nephra Ceo Payne , 10 ; Nephra John Payne , 9 ; Nephra Shalee Payne , 6 ; Nephra Rahsul Payne , 6 ; Nephra Umeek Payne , 5 ; and Nephra Yahmen Payne , 4 . The lone girl was identified as Nefertiti Payne , 11 months . The New York Police Department said Nadal may be traveling with the children 's biological father in a black 1996 Chevrolet Suburban with license plate number EXZ5896 . Despite the one-day lag between the abduction and the announcement , New York City 's Administration for Children 's Services assured the public it had been investigating the incident since it occurred . "  ACS and our foster care agency began working with the NYPD immediately after the mother absconded with the children from a visit at the foster care agency yesterday , " the ACS said in a statement . The statement made no mention of how Nadal escaped or why the children had been placed in foster care . CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Police : Shanel Nadal , 28 , flees with her seven sons and one daughter The abducted boys are all apparently named after their biological father
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's first lunar probe landed on the moon in a controlled collision Sunday , marking the first phase of the nation 's three-stage moon mission , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The second stage involves sending a second probe to practice soft landings , the Xinhua news agency said . The mission will culminate with the launch and landing of a rover on the moon to collect mineral samples in 2012 . The probe -- Chang ` e-1 , named after a legendary moon goddess -- launched into space 16 months ago on October 24 , 2007 . China became only the third nation , after the United States and Russia , to send a manned spacecraft into orbit . It did so in October 2003 .	Chang ` e-1 ends its 16-month mission with controlled collision on moon surface Xinhua : Second stage involves sending second probe to practice soft landings Third stage involves landing of rover China becomes only third nation to send manned spacecraft into orbit
Washington  CNN  -- A judge on Monday ordered the release of sealed documents and transcripts from court proceedings related to the murder case of Chandra Levy , a Washington intern whose disappearance in 2001 drew national headlines and damaged a U.S. congressman 's political career . D.C. Superior Court Judge Gerald Fisher ruled that the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of Columbia should release the transcripts of secret conversations between the lawyers and the judge at the judge 's bench in hearings from earlier this year . The case of Levy , whose body was found in a Washington park in 2002 , is back in court because defense attorneys for the man convicted of her murder have called into question the testimony of a key prosecution witness . Ingmar Guandique , 31 , was sentenced in 2011 to two concurrent 60-year sentences for murder with kidnapping and murder with attempted robbery in Levy 's death . He was in court Monday wearing an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs . In February 2009 , police arrested Guandique , who was already in prison for attacking two other women in the park where Levy 's body was found and who had reportedly spoken about killing her . New hearings in Chandra Levy case add to mystery Armando Morales , a convicted felon and former gang member , testified at Guandique 's trial that Guandique confessed to him that he killed Levy . Guandique repeatedly said at his trial he had nothing to do with Levy 's death . Guandique 's defense attorney , Jonathan Anderson , on Monday questioned Morales ' credibility and said he had given contradictory testimony about Guandique . According to Anderson , Morales had provided information to law enforcement before about three murders . A status hearing on the case has been scheduled for September 26 . Levy , a 24-year-old California native , was in Washington working as an intern for the Bureau of Prisons when she was last seen on May 1 , 2001 . Her skull was found a year later in Washington 's Rock Creek Park and she was identified through dental records . Levy 's disappearance gained national attention after her parents discovered a connection with Gary Condit , who was then a congressman for Levy 's California district . Condit was never a suspect in the case , but he was questioned intensively for details about Levy 's whereabouts . Condit denied he and Levy were having an affair , but an FBI forensic expert later confirmed his semen was found in Levy 's underwear that was retrieved from her apartment after she went missing . The sealed information is from hearings late last year and earlier this year . They are transcripts of discussions that lawyers and Fisher had at the judge 's bench , which observers in the courtroom could not hear . A group of media outlets including the Associated Press , Gannett , McClatchy , The Washington Post and Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press filed court papers seeking to unseal the information . Condit , who served in Congress until 2003 , is currently on the board of directors of the Phoenix Institute of Desert Agriculture , a nonprofit group that promotes sustainable farming .	The documents are transcripts of secret conversations at the judge 's bench Defense attorneys for Levy 's convicted killer question prosecution witness testimony Levy went missing in D.C. in 2001 and was found dead a year later The case drew national attention because of her relationship with then-U.S. Rep. Gary Condit
CNN  -- Princess Anne 's suggestion that Britons need to reconsider their reluctance to eat horse meat was "  brave " and reflects a sad decline in horses ' value , the head of a horse welfare charity says . Addressing the World Horse Welfare conference Thursday , Princess Anne -- Queen Elizabeth II 's daughter and the organization 's president -- suggested that making horse meat more valuable might lead to better treatment of the animals . The Olympic equestrian referred to the transport of horses from countries such as Poland , the source of some horse meat , saying many horses left looking "  absolutely wonderful " but suffered in transit . "  It 's worth noting transport of horses itself is the problem -- not the horses or indeed the way they were brought up , " she said . "  If that 's true then and they value their horses -- they look after them well because they 're in the horse meat trade -- and it 's the transport that 's the problem , should we be considering a real market for horse meat , and would that reduce the number of welfare cases ? " The princess suggested that "  our attitudes to the horse meat trade ... and the value of horse meat might have to change . " "  I chuck that out for what it 's worth because I think it needs a debate , " she said . She noted that Britain 's attitude to horse meat was not universal . "  As I was reminded , not so long ago , by somebody who 'd traveled in France , the most expensive piece of meat in the local butcher was a fillet of horse meat , " she said . "  The value of the animal to every individual is slightly different , but if it has real financial value , then you look a little bit further ahead in the way in which you look after your animals . " World Horse Welfare chief executive Roly Owers said the Princess Royal had made her point "  within the context of the equine crisis we 're currently in " when ponies are being sold for as little as Â # 5  $ 8  . "  Around 7,000 horses are currently at risk of abandonment and neglect and charities like ours are struggling to cope as winter approaches , " Owers said in a statement . "  The economic downturn has driven prices for horses and ponies to rock bottom , and the sad fact is that from a purely economic perspective , they can now be worth more as meat . "  Many in the horse world have known this for a long time . Our president has been brave enough to say this openly in hopes of generating a thought-provoking debate . " Overbreeding in Britain The underlying problem , Owers told CNN , was the issue of overbreeding in Britain . "  There are too many horses and too few homes . " Owers said he believed Anne was caring but also practical . "  She was n't actually saying , ` Get out there and buy horse meat . ' She was saying , ` We should be open to the debate about it -- and if the horse goes into the food chain , will it reduce welfare problems ? ' " Owers said the option of sending a horse to a slaughterhouse was one that should be available to people . "  The issue is not those horses going to an abattoir -- it 's not that they 're going to slaughter that 's the problem -- it 's that they are simply not fit and healthy when they reach there , " he said . Owers said he knew of people delaying euthanizing horses because they could n't afford the expense to call out a vet and to dispose of a carcass . Emotional issue Britain has a different attitude toward horses than some of its European neighbors , with the idea of eating horse meat an emotional one , he said . "  On the Continent they are viewed as farm animals to a far greater degree ; here they are seen as pets , leisure or sport animals . " The debate would be different if horses were regarded in the same light as pigs , sheep or cows , he said . "  As a country we have eaten horse meat in the past -- we did in the Second World War , but you could argue that it was a time of crisis , " Owers said . Britain 's Royal Society for the Protection and Care of Animals said it welcomed any debate on horse welfare issues . "  Our centers , and those of other charities , are overflowing with horses which have been abandoned , neglected and abused , and we are struggling to keep up with the demands for our help , " it said in a statement . "  The killing of horses for meat is an emotive subject as many see them as companion animals rather than a food source , a sentiment the RSPCA has great sympathy with . "  However , the Society 's primary concern for all animals killed for meat and otherwise is that they are cared for , handled and transported in a way which safeguards their welfare at all times . "	Princess Anne has suggested that Britons reconsider their reluctance to eat horse meat She says an increase in the value of horse meat might lead to better horse welfare The CEO of World Horse Welfare says there are too many horses and too few homes This problem has caused a decline in the value of horses and their treatment , he says
CNN  Hollywood 's leading women want to be treated with a little more respect as they parade the red carpet on Oscar night this Sunday . And it 's not hard to sympathize with them . Female nominees , it seems , are tired of simply engaging in the same old small talk about the make of their gowns , the jewels they are wearing , or the footwear they 're flaunting  not to mention the intimate secrets of their personal beautification process  . So they have been pushing back in the form of #AskHerMore , a campaign launched last year that 's being waged by women in Hollywood wanting to broaden the scope of their pre-telecast conversations beyond fashion . Whether it be Cate Blanchett 's pointed question to a cameraman at last year 's SAG Awards , or contenders refusing to raise their hands for E! Entertainment 's "  Mani-Cam , " actresses are starting to speak out about some of the more sexist treatment they face . So , can we expect a red carpet rebellion at this year 's Academy Awards ? Far from it . Posing like a supermodel and discussing couture delivers a big payoff -- a lucrative contract representing a luxury brand of cosmetics , watches , automobiles or even bottled water and automobiles . Such contracts give stars an extra income , allowing them to refrain , if they choose , from making B-list movies or popcorn blockbusters . Plus , fronting a glossy campaign can also create a sophisticated aura around the star in question . And this award season has felt even longer than usual . Instead of kicking off with January 's Golden Globes , it started two months early , in November 2014 , with the Hollywood Film Awards . Purists lampooned the telecast , which despite proclaiming itself the "  Official Launch of the Awards Season " has seemed barely known to much of the public beyond Hollywood . Yet that did n't stop the talent considered a shoo-in for the big prizes from being out in force at the ceremony , gamely fielding pre-telecast questions from film and fashion reporters . And this week , the Oscar front-runners are still talking fashion , despite the word on the ground here in Los Angeles being that some nominees are nursing colds , while others already have blisters from walking miles of red carpet in their borrowed designer stilettos . For some , it seems , the thinking is #AskHerMore be damned ! It did n't used to be like this . Serious actors -- especially those intent on winning an Oscar -- once refrained from the "  grubby " work of advertising . Cher 's decision to promote health clubs in a series of TV commercials , for example , was seen by many as scuttling her shot as best actress for the 1985 film "  Mask . " If an actor did decide to promote a brand , he or she would generally do so on the sly , in Japan , and pocket big money out of sight of Western audiences  much easier in the pre-YouTube era  . Today there is no such stigma . Last year 's red carpet star Lupita Nyong ` o , who secured a statuette for "  12 Years A Slave , " got an early jump on the Oscar buzz-generating action at the Telluride Film Festival in August before embarking on a six-month stretch of appearances in which she seemed to divide her time between film industry functions  which allow for networking opportunities with Academy voters  and fashion goings-on . On the day her Golden Globe nomination was announced , for example , Nyong ' o was attending the Paris couture shows . A month after Nyong ' o claimed the best supporting actress Oscar , Lancôme Paris announced she would be one of its brand ambassadors . This is all a far cry from the days when the shoe was on the other foot , and it was old Hollywood 's leading women who felt honored to be associated with their stylists . Golden age stars like Marlene Dietrich and Audrey Hepburn were proud of their associations with style gurus like Christian Dior and Hubert de Givenchy -- and they also paid for their clothes -- while Grace Kelly , Sophia Loren , Janet Leigh and Elizabeth Taylor relied on Edith Head , the head of the costume department at Paramount Pictures , to prep them for awards-season premieres and the Oscars . Similarly , on her way to winning the best actress prize for "  Caberet " in 1973 , Liza Minnelli sought out the services of design legend Halston , reportedly to ensure that she would have an image that would keep her out of the shadow of her legendary mother , Judy Garland . Halston 's reported advice ? Minnelli should purchase a set of Louis Vuitton luggage , which he then filled with clothes , footwear and jewels all made to measure for her . Still , for a time , the demise of the studio system and feminist ideals started to put paid to women prettifying themselves  too much  for awards season . Indeed , a slew of late 1970s and '80s winners sported pantsuits and cocktail attire at the Golden Globes and the Oscars . But Sharon Stone 's reasoning that "  If you are going to the Oscars , you might as well go to the Oscars " may have marked a resurgence of glamor . Onetime model Stone liked fashion and understood how to wear fine jewelry . And today , her successors on the nominations list , actresses like Cate Blanchett , Nicole Kidman and Julianne Moore -- respected both for their style and talent -- carry her torch . And increasingly , male leads seem interested in getting in on the act . Eddie Redmayne , up for best actor for "  The Theory of Everything , " has been a regular presence at events on TV . And although he has n't been nominated for an Academy Award , Ellar Coltrane of "  Boyhood " has been working the style angle , becoming a red carpet star and the face of Richard Linklater 's coming-of-age epic . And like Nyong ` o , whose claim to fame prior to "  12 Years a Slave " was an MTV Base show , Coltrane has shot to overnight stardom . Clad in sharp Armani tuxedos and plush velvet Isaia suits , he has gamely chatted his way through E! pre-telecasts . So if you tune in on Sunday , do n't expect the stars to be camera-shy , even if they are cringing inside at the questions they are being asked . After all , while some of them will be collecting awards for work already completed , the Oscar pre-show is also a chance for many of them to be auditioning for some more work -- whether it 's on the silver screen or a magazine cover . And for that reason alone , the red carpet circus is n't going anywhere .	Academy Awards ceremony takes place this Sunday Bronwyn Cosgrave : Posing like a supermodel delivers a big payoff
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's foreign ministry compound caught fire Saturday just two days after the country 's prime minister was kidnapped and a day after a car bomb exploded outside of the Swedish consulate . The fire burned on the ministry grounds and but did not reached the building . But the flames rose up to the height of its roof . Emergency vehicles responded to the fire . The kidnapping Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan on Friday described his kidnapping this week as an attempted coup carried out by political opponents bent on toppling his government . Zeidan was abducted early Thursday from a luxury hotel in Tripoli and held for several hours by militia gunmen before being released , an incident that has highlighted the security threat posed by militias that have run rampant since the revolution that ousted Moammar Gadhafi two years ago . "  I do n't believe that 100 cars armed with heavy weapons can surround the hotel and lock it down and create checkpoints to prevent people from passing ... without an order from their leadership , " Zeidan said in televised remarks . " ... This was coup , a coup against the legitimacy " of the government . Political opponents Zeidan blamed political opponents for his abduction , saying they had been trying to take over the government . He said his abductors identified themselves as members of the Operations Room of Libya 's Revolutionaries , a militia group . They forced their way into his room at the Corinthia Hotel before dawn , he said , carrying forged papers and claiming to have orders from Libya 's general prosecutor . They ransacked his room and took his documents and computer , he said . The five-star hotel that Zeidan calls home is popular among government officials , some of whom reside there , including the justice minister . His was not the only room they barged into , he said . Gunmen also entered a number of hotel rooms belonging to diplomatic and international missions . Bogus corruption claim ? But the Operations Room of Libya 's Revolutionaries said it merely detained him over financial and administrative corruption charges . However , the Justice Ministry said there was no arrest warrant for Zeidan , calling the move a kidnapping . The militia works with the Interior Ministry -- a not altogether uncommon practice in Libya , which has tried unsuccessfully to rein in the many militia groups . Instead , various ministries have teamed up with them for their own needs , including providing security services . Foreign consulates A car bomb exploded outside the Swedish consulate in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi on Friday morning , damaging the consulate but injuring no one , the office 's chief told CNN . Consular chief Anders Nilsson said he was in an apartment at the back of the building when he heard the blast . A "  hail of glass flew through the building . " The building 's front was "  entirely black , " and all the apartment 's windows and doors were "  blown out , " according to Nilsson . "  We found a hubcap belonging to the vehicle inside the consulate , " he said . Eight people live in the consulate , which closed because of the explosion . The eight will remain elsewhere in Benghazi , Nilsson said . In early October , gunmen attacked the Russian embassy in Tripoli , Russian state media reported . They fled after security guards killed some of the gunmen . Russia evacuated its embassy staff and their families to Tunisia , ITAR-TASS reported . Roving militias Armed militias have roamed the country largely unchecked since the 2011 ouster of Gadhafi . Gangs of armed men have surrounded key ministries , including the Justice Ministry , trying to force out members of the democratically elected government . Justice Minister Salah Marghani was forced to evacuate after armed militias surrounded his ministry in April . Libyan intelligence services have warned that the country is becoming a haven for al Qaeda to regroup and regenerate itself . Numerous weapons left over after Gadhafi 's downfall are providing groups with different motivations to form their own militias , government officials said . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Tripoli ; Yousuf Basil and Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	A plume of smoke rises up over the foreign ministry compound in Tripoli Prime Minister Ali Zeidan was abducted from his hotel room He was released by a militia that he says was carrying forged papers He calls his abduction a "  coup against legitimacy "
CNN  -- Best-selling author and director Sebastian Junger says experiencing the existence of U.S. troops ' experience in Afghanistan was like being "  on Mars . " Junger documented the reality of an Army platoon as its soldiers lived , fought and died at one of the most dangerous postings in the U.S. military , a 15-man outpost called Restrepo in Afghanistan 's Korengal Valley . It 's the focus of Junger 's new feature-length documentary , also named "  Restrepo . " The outpost , Junger told CNN 's Campbell Brown in an interview Thursday night , was hellish . "  The first time I was up there we were attacked four times in one day . No running water , they did n't bathe for a month at a time . No internet , no phone , no electricity at first , " he said . Junger said that after a few weeks at their base in Italy , the platoon 's members just wanted to get back to Restrepo . "  What was going on up there was brotherhood , very different from friendship . Brotherhood , you do n't even have to like the guy , but if he 's your brother , you 'll protect him , you 'll die for him . They all felt that way . " While "  Restrepo " is not a political film , Junger does believe NATO troops are making progress in Afghanistan , with violence in the country at a 30-year-low . "  Sixteen thousand Afghan civilians have died because of NATO combat operations in Afghanistan since 2001 -- a horrifying number , but it pales comparison to the civilian deaths in the '90s . Four hundred thousand Afghan civilians died in the '90s ... The question is , does the world have the staying power to see it through . "	Author and film maker Sebastian Junger documented existence of Army platoon in Afghanistan Platoon was assigned to one of the military 's most dangerous outposts , Restrepo Junger 's new feature-length documentary is "  Restrepo "
CNN  -- Dozens of flights were delayed at India 's New Delhi airport Monday after lizards , birds and jackals strayed on to a runway to seek refuge from the monsoon rains . Kids play cricket through a downpour in New Delhi as monsoon rains came early to the area this week . Animal rescuers rounded up the critters and moved them to habitats outside airport property . But the operation delayed several flights and shut down the runway for some time , airport spokesman Arun Arora said . Kartick Satyanarayan of the conservation group Wildlife SOS said the animals descended on the runway in search of dry ground . His group works with the airport to move wildlife from airport property to a sanctuary on the outskirts of the capital . "  It 's been raining cats and dogs the last two days . And when it rains like this , water goes in and fills the burrows of these animals , " he said . "  The runway , " he added , "  is the only safe area . So they come out . " While monsoon rains typically sweep across the subcontinent in early June , they usually do not reach the capital city of New Delhi and other regions in northern India until early July . Watch how Indians cope with monsoon waters " They came about two weeks early in the northern part of the country this year , killing at least 20 people in landslides , home collapses and floods . The airport sits on more than 2,000 acres that , over the years , have become home to jackals , porcupines , dogs , cats and a variety of birds . Arora would not say how many flights were delayed during the rescue operation . The airport handles 13,000 domestic and 9,500 international passengers a day . "  The  numbers are speculative as it is difficult to attribute delays to bad weather , strong winds , birds or animals , " Arora said . In the past , animals on the runway have disrupted flights at the airport -- particularly during the monsoon season , Satyanarayan said . "  The monitor lizards -- they look frightening but they are harmless animals , " he said . "  But they can grow about three to four feet long . And at the velocity a plane lands , the -LSB- lizards -RSB- can still cause damage . "	Jackals , monitor lizards and birds descend on runway at New Delhi airport Animal invasion delays flights as wildlife group comes to the rescue Animals take to runway to dry off and warm up after monsoon rain
Washington  CNN  -- After months of difficult talks , bipartisan House and Senate negotiators reached a tentative deal on a giant transportation funding bill Wednesday , multiple sources tell CNN . A formal announcement is expected late Wednesday night after the last details are hammered out and the final language is drafted , they said . Congressional leaders said they hoped to attach the $ 109 billion highway bill to a measure extending a rate cut on some student loans and legislation reauthorizing national flood insurance and pass them as one bill out of the House and Senate by Friday . Doing so would let Congress beat looming deadlines when these measures expire and also would allow lawmakers to escape town for their Fourth of July recess . Passage of the bill , which funds construction for highways , bridges and other transportation projects for two years in every state and congressional district in the nation , would be a significant accomplishment for lawmakers , who have spent much of this session mired in partisan gridlock . Senate passes huge farm bill Aides predicted the final bill would get large bipartisan majorities although some Republicans are likely to oppose it because they think the measure costs too much . Both parties had to compromise on core issues . Republicans dropped language that would have approved the Keystone XL pipeline and prevented the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating harmful coal ash waste from power plants . New Keystone pipeline requires months of review Democrats were forced to accept GOP demands to streamline and speed up the federal project review process of construction projects . Republicans said doing so would cut permitting times in half . Republicans also won reforms that would allow states to opt out of federal mandates to spend highway dollars on bike paths and highway beautification projects . Doing so , Republicans said , would allow states to spend more on critical infrastructure projects . "  I 'm so glad House Republicans met Democrats half way , as Senate Republicans did months ago , " said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , the chair of the Environment and Public Works Committee , who said the bill will "  protect and create 3 million jobs . " "  At the end of the day , Senate Democrats fought for red tape , while House Republicans fought for jobs -- and got some important wins , " said a House GOP leadership aide . "  This bill is far from perfect , but it is a substantial improvement over the original Senate bill . " Although the agreement includes many of the reforms the House GOP pushed for , it falls far short of the broader transportation and energy bill that House Speaker John Boehner unveiled earlier this year . Boehner : Holder contempt vote will proceed Boehner framed that proposal , which combined road and bridge projects with provisions promoting greater domestic energy production -- such as more drilling in public lands and approval of the Keystone XL pipeline -- as a major jobs bill . But internal GOP divisions forced House Republican leaders to pull the measure and it never got a floor vote . The energy portions of the bill did pass the House , but none of those were included in the final bill .	A formal announcement is expected late Wednesday night , multiple sources tell CNN Leaders hope to attach transportation bill to measure on student loans Passage would be significant moment for a Congress that 's been trapped in partisan gridlock
CNN  -- As my companion and I passed through security on a gorgeous Washington afternoon Friday , invited by President Barack Obama to join hundreds of openly lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender folks at the White House for a reception celebrating LGBT Pride Month , I could n't help but reflect back . The White House and I go back a long way . In the 1950s , as a young gay boy growing up in a small fishing town on the southern coast of California , I had , for some seemingly inexplicable reason , an intense fascination with all things White House , and especially its occupants , our American presidents . On Halloween in the third grade , my mom crafted for me a magnificent costume of Thomas Jefferson , and I missed that I 'd won a prize because my cotton wig impaired my hearing . At major family gatherings , I 'd dress up in what became known as my "  presidentials " and entertained relatives by my deft ability to name all the presidents in order , right up to and including Dwight Eisenhower . So , the idea of growing up to be president some day was implanted in my head , and it became the source of great consternation for me when , in grad school in the late '60s as civil rights , feminist and anti-Vietnam War ferment was swelling , I ratified my own commitment to social justice by openly claiming my gay identity . I burst out of the closet with a bang , co-founding the Berkeley , California , chapter of the Gay Liberation Front , for one thing . But with all that came the sad realization that , alas , I had to completely abandon my dream of ever becoming president . Still , the White House beckoned me . In the mid-1980s , I had an opportunity to represent an obscure and unhappy publication as its journalistic correspondent in the White House for a few years . I leaped at the chance , moving across the U.S. to be there , in the press room , almost daily . I did n't like who I worked for and I did n't like who was president at the time , but I loved the White House , especially on the few occasions when I was included among journalists invited to one of the many holiday parties held there . LZ Granderson : The secret gay agenda Ah , the East Room  where the formal news conferences were also held  , the Blue Room , the Red Room and so forth ! All the ponderous presidential portraits and artifacts chronicling the colorful history of the nation 's chief executives . But while there , I felt light years away . I was gay , and I kept it to myself in those days . I was an outsider granted a glimpse of what I 'd cherished so intimately as a youth . The idea of being gay was allowed nowhere near the official corridors of power . To the gay movement , it was a huge breakthrough when , in the 1990s , a president first uttered the word , "  gay , " in a nonderogatory or "  as in happy " sense , in a major speech . President Bill Clinton later spoke at one of the first national dinners of the Human Rights Campaign in the late 1990s . Held at a hotel ballroom blocks from the White House , I was there . Hope for LGBT people was in the air . Fast forwarding to last week , it was deeply moving to be back in the White House , finally not as a closeted journalist or anything other than an open and affirming public citizen . Unlike the LGBT reception held there just a year earlier , this time there were women and men in military uniform , some holding hands with their same-sex partners , made possible only after the president led the overturning of do n't ask , do n't tell in the course of the past year . Entering the East Room amid cheers to speak to us , President Barack Obama reaffirmed the commitment he 'd made only weeks before to full support for gay marriage . We have a president now who can say without hesitation , as he did Friday , "  As long as I have the privilege of being your president , I promise you , you wo n't just have a friend in the White House , you will have a fellow advocate for an America where no matter what you look like or where you come from or who you love , you can dream big dreams and dream as openly as you want . " Thank you , Mr. President : You mean those kind of "  big dreams " I had as a kid ! There is no doubt in my mind now that there is some LGBT youngster in our land right now who will grow up to become president of the United States some day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicholas Benton .	As a child , Nicholas Benton was fascinated with White House and presidents He gave up his dream of running for the presidency when he came out Benton was invited to attend Friday 's White House reception for LGBT community He says it 's now possible for a gay person to think realistically of running for president
CNN  A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb near a police vehicle in the capital of southern Afghanistan 's Helmand province on Tuesday , killing seven people and injuring 23 others , the province 's deputy governor said . The attack happened at about 6 p.m. in the Bolan area of Lashkar Gah city , said Mohammad Jan Rasoolyar , deputy governor of Helmand . Several children were among the wounded , and the majority of casualties were civilians , Rasoolyar said . Details about the attacker 's identity and motive were n't immediately available .	Car bomb detonated near police vehicle in Lashkar Gah , deputy governor says
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Officials found 13 bodies in the rubble of a scorched supermarket in downtown Nairobi Friday and are investigating a tip that security guards locked people in the burning building , a police spokesman said . Members of the public helped to fight the fire which left at least 47 people missing . The blaze started on Wednesday afternoon in the Nakumatt supermarket . The Standard Newspaper reported harrowing tales of families trying to find their missing loved ones , at times making the job of firefighters more difficult . So many people crowded the scene that police on foot and on horseback periodically chased them away . Riot police with tear gas and batons stood nervously around the edge of the scene -- where a barricade has been erected . Joseph Mwangi waited among the crowd , hoping for news of his cousin Daniel . On Wednesday , Mwangi sent 16-year-old Daniel Njoge with 6,000 shillings  about $ 75  to the market . "  He was coming to shop for school , " said Mwangi , a waiter at a nearby restaurant . "  I sent him to the store to get stationery supplies . " "  On Wednesday night , I got so worried . Now I think he is just in there , " Mwangi said , pointing at the burned-out store . "  The response was not good , " he said . "  A person who fights a fire must go into the building , but they just stayed outside . " Mwangi registered with the Kenya Red Cross on the scene , as scores of others did , and now he waits . Justin Mule , who works at the Stanley Bookstore across the road from the supermarket , described the start of the fire to CNN : "  I saw smoke coming up from the building on Wednesday afternoon . In a few minutes , there were explosions . I saw some guys jumping from the burning roof . Soon after the fire , I saw the store security guards closing the doors because they feared looting . The doors were locked . That was a mistake . They should n't have locked the doors . " Other witness corroborated his account . Police launched a criminal investigation to look into that allegation , said Eric Kiraithe , a police spokesman Employees of the supermarket refused to comment on the allegations . The fire has angered Kenyans for what they perceive is a lack of disaster preparedness . Local newspaper editorials slammed the government 's response to the tragedy . "  Disaster preparedness is still a challenge , and the operation was hampered by the Nairobi city layout , " said Kenya Red Cross spokesman Titus Mung ` ou said . Emergency numbers failed to work and water ran out during attempts to put out the fire , he said . According to local news reports , the fire ignited Wednesday afternoon during a busy hour in the 24-hour supermarket . Hundreds of people crowded around the scene and tourists peered through their hotel windows as firefighters , security guards and civilians struggled to get the fire under control . Periodic explosions rocked the city and debris fell around the building . The crowd cheered each incoming fire truck , and water had to be brought to the scene from a nearby soccer stadium .	Rescuers find 13 bodies in scorched rubble of Kenyan supermarket Massive fire engulfed the building in downtown Nairobi on Wednesday Incident angers Kenyans for what they perceive is a lack of disaster preparedness
Editor 's note : Dr. Thomas H. Murray is chief executive of The Hastings Center , a nonprofit research institute on bioethics in Garrison , New York . Murray was formerly director of the Center for Biomedical Ethics at Case Western Reserve University and president of the Society for Health and Human Values . Thomas Murray says doctors have responsibility for welfare of children conceived through IVF procedure . GARRISON , New York  CNN  -- The birth of octuplets to a California woman last week raised a boatload of issues that can distract us from the central ethical question posed by the case : How do we take children 's well-being into account in reproductive medicine ? Yes , it 's puzzling why an unemployed single woman who already had six children wanted a passel more . And it is not crazy to wonder who will pay for these children 's needs over the years , beginning with what is sure to be a gobsmacking bill for neonatal intensive care . For now , we can put aside the lifeboat problem : A human uterus is not built for eight passengers ; the odds for each child to be born alive and healthy go down as the number in the lifeboat goes up . Her physicians offered to reduce the number of fetuses she was carrying ; citing her moral convictions , she declined . As of the last reports , all eight survived . Still , knowing what we do about the many risks that come with being born too soon and too small , their medical course is likely to be complex and unsteady . What this case really does is split wide open a fault line running through infertility treatment in American medicine . People who show up at fertility clinics are adults . In the typical case , they 've been trying to get pregnant for a year or more without success . When all goes well , a cycle of IVF  in-vitro fertilization  results in a pregnancy and the birth of one , perhaps two , healthy babies . As a son , a father , and now a grandfather , I can attest that there is no more important or enduring relationship in our lives than the one between parents and children . Whether that relationship is forged through infertility medicine , adoption or the old-fashioned way matters not at all : What counts is that adults who want to love and raise a child are matched with a child who needs just that love and care . The point of infertility treatment , after all , is to create a child . But that child-to-be is not the clinic 's patient -- the would-be parents are . I believe that the interests of those children deserve at least as much consideration as the wishes of the prospective parents . The vast majority of infertility patients are no doubt fierce advocates for the well-being of the child they so earnestly seek to bring into their lives . What happens , though , when the client 's request shows little consideration or regard for the welfare of the would-be children ? What happens if a woman in her early 30s with six children wants eight embryos implanted all at once ? A responsible physician could turn down such a request , citing professional guidelines that counsel implanting one , at most two , embryos in women younger than 35 . How Nadya Suleman ended up with eight is a mystery . That 's what Nadya Suleman is claiming . Perhaps there is a physician somewhere willing to defy the wisdom of his or her peers ; perhaps Suleman used fertility drugs rather than IVF as she claimed . Whatever the case , this guideline is based on safety . Carrying more than a couple of fetuses is dangerous to the pregnant woman and to the health and survival of the fetuses in her womb . Citing safety is a prudent way to turn down requests an infertility physician thinks are ill-considered . But sometimes that gambit is n't available . A psychiatrist friend who conducted intake interviews for a well-respected clinic described a rough-looking couple who carried for their up-front payment thousands of dollars in cash stuffed in a bag -- drug money , she was certain . She was able to discourage the couple from following through on their plan . Here 's the rub : Her concern was the ultimate well-being of the child that the clinic was being asked to help create . But the ideology of American infertility medicine allows physicians to escape from making any judgments about the suitability of prospective parents . There is understandable worry that cracking the door to considerations about parents ' motives and capacities would blast it wide open for nasty , petty stereotypes and prejudices . That would be an awful result . The American Society for Reproductive Medicine acknowledged in a 2004 report that fertility programs may withhold services when they can provide "  well-substantiated judgments " that the child will not receive adequate care . But that same report has a huge loophole . Providers can abdicate almost all responsibility to anticipate the welfare of the children they help create by claiming "  an obligation to treat all patients who would benefit from medical treatment . " The statement goes on to say that "  except when significant harm to a future child is likely , " they "  should not be required to make assessments of a patient 's child-rearing abilities or other child welfare issues . " It 's time for the profession -- and business -- of reproductive medicine to accept their firm , inescapable ethical obligation to give the interests and well-being of the children they help to create the same consideration they give to the desires of the adults they serve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Murray .	Thomas Murray : The case of the birth of octuplets in California raises questions He says doctors typically cater to the wishes of their patients , the parents In IVF cases , the doctors also have responsibility for children 's welfare , he says He says doctors should n't use a loophole to evade their responsibility
CNN  This year , at the annual gargantuan gadget gathering known as CES , the titans of technology stood on stage to deliver virtually the same message , one after the other : We have arrived at a turning point in human society -- one in which the world around us is so deeply embedded with intelligent electronic objects that we can essentially outsource huge aspects of our life to them ! Personal fitness . Family communications . Home management . And now that our devices are becoming interlinked as a vast always-on network , they do n't even need to be supervised anymore -- our stuff can handle all of these irritating tasks just by talking with each another . The buzzword for this idea is the "  Internet of Things . " And if truth be told , the IoT  as it 's been hastily acronymed  sounds ... pretty cool ! Appliance giant LG shared its vision of a "  better and more beautiful future " in which its HomeChat platform might allow your LG smartwatch to understand that you 're sleeping restlessly , and instantly tell your LG audio system to play soothing music , your LG air conditioner to reduce the temperature , and your LG air purifier and humidifier to pump some scented mist into the room . Meanwhile , your LG coffeemaker is grinding some fresh beans for next morning 's automatically brewed cup of joe , and your LG smartphone is transmitting your daily schedule to your LG-enabled car system , so you can be guided directly to your first appointment when you wake up in the morning .  All of which will give you more time to watch "  Game of Thrones " on your LG widescreen OLED Ultra HD television and play Candy Crush Soda on your LG tablet , naturally . But as you can tell , the problem with Internet of Things is that it depends on your having the right things -- "  smart , " "  connected " things . And LG and Samsung and Sony and the other brands that paid millions to appear at CES are n't exactly handing them out for free . A standard light bulb costs a dollar . But a Philips Hue bulb , whose intensity and color you can adjust with your smartphone , costs $ 60 . And that 's not even including the cost of a Hue Bridge  $ 200  , which allows you to manage up to 50 Hue bulbs , or Hue Remote Switches  $ 60  , which let you control your lights if your smartphone is n't handy . For home security , you might find an August Smart Lock useful -- letting you deadbolt your door using a smartphone even when you 're far away from home . That 'll run you $ 250  though it comes in four colors , including August Red and Champagne !  . And if an intruder tries to come through a window , your smart Canary camera system can sound the alarm and send you a picture of the trespasser , at a price tag of $ 200 for every opening you want protected . The list of smart , connected things that manufacturers want you to add to your smart , connected life gets even more elaborate from there . If you 're constantly worrying about whether you have enough fuel to fire up the family gathering you 've been planning  and who does n't ?  , Quirky will sell you a wi-fi enabled Refuel Smart Propane Tank gauge for just $ 50 . After you eat , you can play in your pool  with your comfort managed by Vigilant 's LilyPad floating wi-fi enabled thermometer and UV sensor , $ 100  or take a nap on your $ 4999 self-adjusting , digitally enabled ReST Bed from Boditrack . Do n't worry about having a few too many helpings . Your Belty smart belt will automatically let itself out a few notches  the maker is still figuring out what to charge for it , but says it 's a "  luxe " product for "  upscale " customers , so , expensive  . Of course , you wo n't want to hit the hay without brushing your teeth first -- and your Kolibree smart toothbrush will let you automatically track and share how well you polish your molars for just $ 99 to $ 200 . That just covers the human members of your family , of course . We have n't even mentioned CES 's burgeoning array of products for the Internet of Pets -- from the Voyce wearable fitness tracker for dogs to the PetNet smart connected feeder -- or the Edyn Garden Sensor and the Parrot intelligent plant pot . The bottom line is that it all sounds great , until you realize that unlike the infrastructure of the Internet , which was laid down by the Department of Defense , major universities and cable and telecom companies , or of the wireless world , whose antennas are paid for by mobile operators , the bill for the IoT 's infrastructure is coming out of your own wallet  Wocket has one that digitally stores up to 10,000 credit cards , syncs with your smartphone and unlocks with your fingerprint , for just $ 150  . And the smarter and more connected your devices are ... the thinner that wallet is going to be . Which means that when you look at your bank balance after splurging on the IoT , you might feel a bit like an IdioT .	Jeff Yang : The buzzword in tech is "  Internet of Things , " where devices are interconnected He says fall for the gadgets if you want , the price is just a thick wad of bills out of your wallet
A U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda suspects in Yemen killed 13 civilians , including three women , three security officials in the restive Middle Eastern country said . "  This was one of the very few times when our target was completely missed . It was a mistake , but we hope it will not hurt our anti-terror efforts in the region , " a senior Yemeni Defense Ministry official told CNN . The official asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue . The United States typically does not comment on reports it has used unmanned aircraft to target terror suspects , but is widely believed to be doing so in Yemen , a key battleground against al Qaeda . More : Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan Families of the victims closed main roads and vowed to retaliate . Hundreds of angry armed gunmen joined them and gave the government a 48-hour deadline to explain the killings , which took place on Sunday . Eyewitnesses said that families attempted to carry the victims ' corpses to the capital , Sanaa , to lay them in front of the residence of newly elected President Abdurabu Hadi , but were sent back by local security forces . "  You want us to stay quiet while our wives and brothers are being killed for no reason . This attack is the real terrorism , " said Mansoor al-Maweri , who was near the scene of the strike . The strike took place near the town of Rada in al-Baitha province on Sunday , Yemeni officials said . A senior Defense Ministry official said the strike initially targeted two members of al-Thahab clan who lead the terror network 's operations in the province . He said the militants were in a vehicle near the one that was hit , and fled unharmed . At least 200 suspected al-Qaeda fighters are believed to be hiding in the province . Earlier this year , militants occupied Rada and declared it as an Islamic emirate . But two weeks later , they evacuated the town after authorities released al Qaeda prisoners . Residents are not denying the existence of al Qaeda elements in their region but say that misdirected strikes work in favor of the militant group , helping them recruit new operatives . "  I would not be surprised if a hundred tribesmen joined the lines of al Qaeda as a result of the latest drone mistake , " said Nasr Abdullah , an activist in the district of the attack . "  This part of Yemen takes revenge very seriously . " The latest attack was the fourth drone strike reported this week . The first three hit their targets , killing at least 12 suspected al Qaeda militants , according to Yemeni officials . Radical American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed in September 2011 , is the highest-profile target of an American drone hit in Yemen to date . He was linked to several terror plots , including the shootings at Fort Hood in 2009 .	13 people are killed in a strike that missed its target , an official says Angry relatives try to bring the victims ' bodies to the capital , Sanaa The U.S. is widely believed to be using drones against al Qaeda in Yemen
CNN  -- A landslide buried 83 workers in a mining area in the Tibet Autonomous Region on Friday morning , China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported , citing local authorities . The incident occurred about 6 a.m. in Maizhokunggar County , east of Lhasa , the regional capital . The victims , including two Tibetans , were workers from Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. , a subsidiary of the China National Gold Group Corp. , the news agency said . The landslide extended three kilometers  almost two miles  and was made up of about 2 million cubic meters  2.6 million cubic yards  of mud , rock and other debris , the regional government said .	The incident occurred around 6 a.m. , Xinhua News Agency says The landslide extends three kilometers , or almost two miles
CNN  -- He held power over his country for more than 30 years , and his ouster last year was seen as a sign that the Arab Spring could bring unlikely revolutions to the Middle East . But if Hosni Mubarak were to die soon -- as some close to him suggest could happen -- it would probably have little impact on the country 's future , experts said Wednesday . Speaking the day after a state news agency called Mubarak "  clinically dead , " and the nation 's military rulers said he was instead in critical condition , analysts in Cairo said his death would probably not trigger widespread outpourings of grief , nor ripple effects on how the new government is shaped . There could , however , be a new round of angry protests if he received a military funeral , they said . Conflicting reports about whether Mubarak has died Mubarak "  has been politically dead for a year and a half , " said Josh Stacher , an Egypt expert with Kent State University , who has spent the past month in Cairo . "  I would suspect that if he would die , not a lot of people would care . " Khaled Fahmy , chair of the history department at the American University in Cairo , said reports about Mubarak 's health add to "  anxiety and confusion " in the country , but "  this is not the main thing that is happening in Egypt now . " Across the country , people are concerned about the future of the government , after the highest court dissolved parliament , military rulers claimed full legislative authority , and both candidates in the presidential runoff election claimed victory . Furthermore , reports of Mubarak 's potential demise are nothing new . Mubarak off life support "  People have grown so accustomed to people saying Mubarak is having near-death experiences that no one really takes them seriously , " Stacher said . At the hospital where he was being treated Tuesday night , there was no additional security , no crowd outside . Meanwhile , protesters at Tahrir Square questioned the accuracy of the reports and said they were focused entirely on getting a new government in place . "  I 've come from far away . I 'm not leaving until  Mohamed  Morsi swears the oath in front of the legitimately elected parliament , " said Sayed Ahmed , who supports the Muslim Brotherhood candidate for president . "  We 're having a sit-in . I do n't care about Mubarak . These are games played by the intelligence services . " "  It 's a media stunt , to divert attention from the constitutional decree , " said demonstrator Taha Shaker , referring to a move by the military council stripping the presidency of some powers . "  We 've started a sit-in and wo n't leave unless the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces leaves unconditionally . " The life of Hosni Mubarak Throughout Cairo on Wednesday , "  the only thing " people were talking about was the presidential battle , Stacher said . If Mubarak were to die , it would not make a blip in the course of Egyptian history , he said . "  I think there will be a lot of mythology about Hosni Mubarak in the years to come . But I would not expect massive turnout to take over Cairo or parts of the country . ... In fact , if there is any public participation , it 's going to be a celebration of his death . " A "  major part of the population " actually supports the status quo -- the military leadership -- and does not want the Muslim Brotherhood , which opposed Mubarak 's regime , to take over , Stacher said . But few among them support Mubarak himself . "  Mubarak has largely been portrayed and understood as the reason for so much instability . " So both sides view him as "  toxic , " Stacher said . But while Mubarak 's death would n't change the course of Egypt 's future , the way the country handles it could stir emotional reactions , Fahmy said . How Egypt 's generals cut the revolution down to size "  I think a military funeral would enrage the people in Tahrir , " he said . "  It would mean the military still respecting him and willing to turn a blind eye to the fact that he 's now a convicted criminal . " This month , Mubarak was found guilty of ordering the killing of protesters and was sentenced to life in prison . Salma Othman , who was protesting Tuesday in Tahrir Square , told CNN she found it "  extremely provocative " for the SCAF to suggest it was considering granting a military funeral . "  This is outrageous ! He is a prisoner , " the 32-year-old real estate agent said . Still , Mubarak does maintain some support among Egyptians , says Shibley Telhami , Anwar Sadat professor at the University of Maryland and a senior fellow with the Brookings Institution . And as long as he is alive , whoever has control in Egypt will have some key decisions to make about his fate . "  It is obvious that the military leaders consider him one of them and they would like to do their utmost to protect him without causing violent anger . If he stays alive , they would have to contend with a possible Islamist president who is unlikely to show leniency . " Even some who oppose him want to see him treated leniently , while others "  want to see him humiliated and punished , " Telhami said . "  Egypt is divided along many lines , as the presidential elections have demonstrated , and Mubarak is a central symbol of these divisions . " His "  health and stories about his health are bound to highlight the enormous divisions and the deep emotions during a critical time of transition and uncertainty . " One young protester summed up how little impact the reports of Mubarak 's health -- and the possibility of his death -- have on many Egyptians . "  Mubarak 's not any different than anyone else , " said Massa el Gamal , 18 . "  I feel bad if a dog dies . I feel bad , but I also feel bad about those who died in the revolution . I think of parents who lost a child . " Both presidential candidates claim victory in Egypt CNN 's Ivan Watson and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Hosni Mubarak "  has been politically dead for a year and a half , " an Egypt expert says A military funeral would "  enrage " many , a university history department chairman says "  I do n't care about Mubarak , " says protester who supports Muslim Brotherhood candidate Many do n't believe reports of his failing health
The Des Moines , Iowa , woman named the world 's oldest living person this month has died , according to her family . Dina Manfredini died overnight at the retirement center where she lived after suffering a fever , her granddaughter Lori Logli said Monday . She was 115 and apparently died in her sleep , Logli said . Guinness World Records identified Manfredini as the world 's oldest person on December 5 , a day after the death of 116-year-old Besse Cooper of Georgia . Manfredini was born in Pievepelago , Italy , on April 4 , 1897 , and moved to Des Moines in 1920 with her husband , according to her Guinness biography . She was an avid gardener who , after staying home to raise children and keep house , took up a job at the age of 90 cleaning houses , according to Guinness . She lived on her own until she was 110 , when she moved to a nursing home , Guinness said . Guinness quoted Manfredini as saying that her long life was the result of her commitment to "  hard work and everything in moderation . "	115-year-old Dina Manfredini died overnight She became the world 's oldest person this month She apparently died in her sleep , her granddaughter says
RollingStone.com  -- Eddie Vedder 's second solo album "  Ukulele Songs " and a live concert film titled "  Water on the Road " will both be released on May 31st , Vedder announced today . As the title suggests , "  Ukulele Songs " will feature Vedder performing original songs and covers on his ukulele . Cat Power 's Chan Marshall and Glen Hansard of the Frames and the Swell Season will guest on one track each , and the set will include a new recording of the Pearl Jam tune "  Ca n't Keep . " The album 's first single "  Longing to Belong " will be available in digital stores tomorrow . RollingStone.com : Contest : Choose the cover of Rolling Stone "  Water on the Road , " Vedder 's first solo concert film , was directed by Brendan Canty of Fugazi and Christoph Green at a pair of shows in Washington , D.C. in August of 2008 . That set will include several songs from Vedder 's soundtrack for the film "  Into the Wild " along with early versions of "  Ukulele Songs " tracks , covers and relatively obscure Pearl Jam numbers such as "  Sometimes , " "  Driftin ' " and "  Around the Bend . " See the original article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Eddie Vedder performing songs with Cat Power and Glen Hansard The album 's first single "  Longing to Belong " will be available in digital stores tomorrow "  Water on the Road " was directed by Brendan Canty of Fugazi and Christoph Green
CNN  -- Iran will not dismantle any of its nuclear facilities as part of an effort to reach a long-term agreement to limit its nuclear development , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in an interview published Friday in The Financial Times . Asked during the interview if dismantling Iran 's nuclear facilities was a "  red line , " Rouhani said : "  100 percent . " Rouhani 's statements are unlikely to sit well with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has said any long-term agreement with Iran over its nuclear development must lead to the dismantling of the country 's nuclear capability . Iran and the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany -- agreed Sunday to a six-month deal to limit Tehran 's nuclear development . Even though it 's only a short-term agreement , world leaders hope it 'll pave the way to a long-term guarantee that Iran wo n't produce nuclear weapons . And Iran hopes to recoup some of the billions of dollars it 's lost as a result of international sanctions . World powers will suspend sanctions on various items , including gold and petrochemical exports . That suspension will provide Iran with about $ 1.5 billion in revenue , according to the White House . Netanyahu has criticized the agreement , calling it a "  historic mistake . " Now that sanctions are working , Netanyahu wants to see them tightened , not loosened , until Iran shuts down much of its nuclear capability . Israel and the West have accused Iran of secretly working to develop a nuclear weapons program , an allegation that Tehran has vehemently denied . "  The nuclear activities of the Islamic Republic of Iran as has been repeatedly said will be purely for peaceful purposes , " Rouhani said . But he also told the newspaper how much uranium is enriched by Iran will "  depend on our needs for nuclear fuel . " Rouhani gave the interview as he marked his 100th day as Iran 's leader . Rouhani , whose tone is far less fiery than that of his predecessor , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , promised during his election campaign that he would work toward positive engagement with the West . His charm offensive , as it has been described , has raised questions among many about whether Rouhani is serious in easing tensions with the West . Rouhani told the newspaper that the agreement hammered out in Geneva is an important first step to see if a mutual trust can be built with the United States . "  The problems created over 35 years can not be resolved over a limited time . The best test to see whether we are capable of building trust or not is this nuclear issue , " he said . "  If the first steps taken in Geneva are implemented carefully and precisely , it would mean that we have taken one step forward towards trust . " He also said a recent telephone call with British Prime Minister David Cameron left him with "  a feeling that the two sides were willing to move step by step towards better relations . "	Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said dismantling nuclear facilities is a red line Rouhani said that the amount of uranium enriched will depend on Iran 's needs The Iranian leader gave the interview to mark his 100 days in office
Playing a football player won Cuba Gooding Jr. an Oscar . Could playing another -- one who was the focus of "  the trial of the century " -- win him further accolades ? The actor has been cast as O.J. Simpson in the new FX anthology miniseries "  American Crime Story : The People v. O.J. Simpson , " the network announced . Gooding won the Academy Award for best actor in a supporting role in 1996 for his performance as wide receiver Rod Tidwell in the film "  Jerry Maguire . " The new miniseries will focus on the famous trial and according to a statement is "  told from the perspective of the lawyers that explores the chaotic behind-the-scenes dealings and maneuvering on both sides of the court , and how a combination of prosecution confidence , defense wiliness , and the LAPD 's history with the city 's African-American community gave a jury what it needed : reasonable doubt . " The miniseries was developed by Ryan Murphy , who created the very successful "  American Horror Story " anthology franchise for FX . Murphy did n't have to look far for his Marcia Clarke ; the prosecuting attorney will be played by Sarah Paulson , who has appeared in all four seasons of "  American Horror Story . " Each season of "  American Crime Story " will delve into a different true crime story that made headlines and captivated the public . The first season is based on the book "  The Run of His Life : The People v. O.J. Simpson " by CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Production is scheduled to begin early next year in Los Angeles .	The actor has been cast in "  American Crime Story " The miniseries comes from "  American Horror Story " creator Ryan Murphy Sarah Paulson is set to play Marcia Clarke
CNN  -- Let 's start with the disclaimer : if you go , and something undesirable happens , CNN can not be held responsible . This is an article that shines a light on the pariahs and the bad eggs , the places that keep Ban Ki Moon up at night and have your travel insurers running for the hills . Why give them column inches ? Because the truth is that even the most rough and tumble corners of the world invariably have more to offer than a brag-worthy passport stamp . Often hidden behind the negative headlines and inflexible preconceptions are genuine treasures . These are n't escapades one should embark on lightly . All of the following destinations are currently subject to travel warnings from the U.S. State Department . But the reality is that people do go and , most of the time , not only come back in one piece but have a great time while there . 1 . Band-e-Amir Lakes , Afghanistan If there 's one destination guaranteed to upset your parents , it 's Afghanistan , a country as synonymous with holiday making as the Taliban are with female emancipation . You may therefore be surprised to discover that intrepid over-landers occasionally travel down the Bamiyan Road to visit a chain of six mountain-rimmed lakes called Band-e-Amir , located high in the Hindu Kush , 150 miles west of Kabul . Designated Afghanistan 's first national park in 2009 , the sapphire waters of Band-e-Amir have become the shimmering emblem of its concealed tourism potential . More on CNN : Daredevil photog 's extreme pictures It 's not quite the deathwish it might sound . During summer weekends , local families often descend in droves to enjoy much-needed respite from the tensions that prevail elsewhere in the country . "  Bamiyan is Afghanistan 's safest region , and the local Hazara tribe are the friendliest people I met in the country , " reports Ã • nne PÃ $ rl , from Estonia , who visited the lakes while living in Afghanistan with her husband . "  Apart from the odd occasion when locals go fishing with grenades , the lakes are so peaceful you could almost forget that the country has been at war for the last 30 years . " A 14-day Afghan Explorer tour with Wild Frontiers costs around $ 7,200 per person ; www.wildfrontiers.co.uk 2 . Ciudad Perdida , Colombia One of South America 's most alluring jungle treks -- to Ciudad Perdida or "  The Lost City " in Sierra Nevada -- has long suffered from its proximity to the western fringes of the Santa Marta Mountains , historically a hotbed of cocaine production and the violence that goes with it . The events of 2003 , when eight tourists were abducted from the trail by leftist guerrillas  they were released three months later  did little to boost its reputation . A decade on , however , and Colombia 's improving security situation has doubled its annual influx of tourists . The trail 's popularity has soared , leading some to anoint it the next Machu Picchu . More on CNN : 10 of world 's last great wilderness areas According to local tour agencies , the recent season was the busiest in memory , with travelers scrambling to play Indiana Jones on 25 miles of ancient pathways and river crossings , which culminate in the 1,300-year-old ruins of what was once the capital of the indigenous Tayrona people . "  My boss 's parting words to me were : ` do n't get killed , ' " says Jason Bortz , of New Jersey , whose subsequent bus journey to Santa Marta was marred by the driver 's decision to show blockbusting hostage film "  Taken 2 . " "  Once you 're trekking there 's no more room in your mind for paranoia , and you can just enjoy the trip . " Turcol offers five-day tours to the Lost City from around $ 330 ; www.buritaca2000.com 3 . Mount Damavand , Iran Never heard of Mount Damavand ? If you ever find yourself in the country battling North Korea for the title of Nuclear Ambitions Most Often Cited By Western Leaders As The Greatest Threat To World Peace , you 're unlikely to miss it . More on CNN : 10 surprising things to do in Kenya Standing 5,671 meters  18,605 feet  at the heart of the Alborz range , this dormant stratovolcano -- visible on clear days from Tehran -- is the highest volcano in Asia and a ubiquitous Iranian icon , found on everything from bottled water advertisements to the 10,000 rial banknote . When President Ahmedinejad issues his anti-Western tirades , he often stands in front of an image of Damavand 's snow-capped profile . It 's also one of the planet 's great trekking peaks -- a Kilimanjaro without the crowds and exorbitant price tag . "  Damavand presented the perfect balance of challenge and reward , " says hiker Simon Bonner , who has climbed peaks on five continents , including Mount Damavand . "  Best of all , we had the mountain entirely to ourselves . Climbing it makes you feel like a bona fide pioneer . " A five-day summer ascent with Iran Mountain Zone costs from $ 655 per person ; www.mountainzone.ir 4 . Kashmir , India Thirteen years after Bill Clinton endowed Kashmir with the world 's worst tourism slogan , dubbing it "  the most dangerous place on earth , " things are looking up on the Indian side of the disputed border . Despite intermittent bouts of violent protest and a monumental military presence , around 20,000 foreign tourists -- and upward of 500,000 Indians -- visit the Heavenly Valley each year . More on CNN : Walking vs. Cycling : Which is better for travel ? Among the many attractions is Gulmarg , a fledgling ski resort located disconcertingly close to the infamous Indo-Pakistan Line of Control , one of the world 's most disputed borders . With only one ski lift , it presents a raw off-piste experience that ca n't claim to rival its Western counterparts for infrastructure . But that lift is one of the highest in the world , depositing skiers on the 4,000-meter  13,000 feet  ridgeline of Mount Apharwat . From there , you can pick your line down slopes that benefit from regular dumps of virgin powder . "  Gulmarg is the only ski resort in the Greater Himalayas , " says mountain guide Nick Parks , who has been leading tours here since 2006 . "  Stepping out of the gondola , skiers and snowboarders are spoiled for choice with runs up to 2,300 meters  7,500 feet  long . " A 10-day ski-tour of Gulmarg with Mountain Tracks costs around $ 2,960 ; www.mountaintracks.co.uk 5 . Mount Nyiragongo , Congo This one is out of the question at the moment . Since November , when rebels entered the embattled city of Goma , signaling the latest chapter in eastern Congo 's seemingly endless cycle of conflict and atrocity , Virunga National Park has been closed to visitors . But the park will eventually reopen , enticing adventurous travelers back to its forested volcanic slopes to view its resident mountain gorillas . There 's more here than gorillas . Located deep within the summit of Mount Nyiragongo  3,470 meters/11 ,384 feet  , just a few miles from Goma , is the world 's largest lava lake , a roiling 250-meter wide cauldron that ranks among the most spectacular natural marvels on the planet . More on CNN : Meet a drug lord 's brother on Pablo Escobar trail Prior to the latest upheaval , tourists had been defying the volatile human backdrop and the volcano 's hyperactive reputation  its last eruption , in 2002 , engulfed 14,000 homes  to spend a night on the crater rim . "  I 'd never climbed a mountain , let alone an active volcano , " says Lucy Owen , a Londoner who decided to make the trip after an agent bent her ear in the Rwandan border town of Gisenyi . "  But it turned out to be one of the most memorable things I 've ever done . Sometimes you just have to trust your instincts , and hope you do n't regret it . " For updates on the park 's status , visit www.visitvirunga.org .	Band-e-Amir Lakes in Afghanistan regularly attract travelers Colombia 's improving security situation has doubled its annual influx of tourists in recent years Congo 's Virunga National Park is closed to visitors , but contains world 's largest lava lake
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- A new video and a photo of ailing Communist leader Fidel Castro surfaced on Sunday , revealing a healthier-looking man than in previous photos . A man in Havana , Cuba , reads a newspaper on Sunday featuring a picture of a healthy-looking Fidel Castro . State-run Cubavision aired video of Castro during its Sunday news broadcast , saying the footage was taken Saturday when the former president met with Venezuelan law students . It was the first video of Castro broadcast in at least a year . The photo -- the second in 10 days -- published in Cuba 's state-run youth newspaper , Juventud Rebelde , shows Castro , 83 , meeting with Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa on Friday . The photo shows a well-groomed Castro wearing a white short-sleeve shirt and standing face-to-face with Correa . The meeting involved discussions of economic matters and medical checkups , according to the state-run newspaper . Another photo of the former Cuban president was released on August 13 by Pastors For Peace , a U.S.-based advocacy group that recently traveled to the island nation and is pushing for an end to the near half-century-old U.S. trade embargo . Castro , who came to power in 1959 , underwent abdominal surgery in 2006 . The Cuban leader ceded the presidency to his younger brother , Raul , last year , but has retained leadership of the Communist Party , the only legal political party in Cuba . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	NEW : The video of Castro is the first broadcast in at least a year New photo shows fit-looking Castro meeting with Ecuadorian president Report : Castro and Correa met over economic matters and medical checkups He ceded Cuba 's presidency to his brother in 2008 but is still Communist Party chief
London  CNN  -- Princes William and Harry rolled up their sleeves Friday to help out with flood defense efforts as Britain braces for another hammering Friday from a major storm off the Atlantic . The princes showed up at 6 a.m. local time in the flood-hit village of Datchet , west of London . The community is one of several in Berkshire and Surrey to have been hit by flooding in recent days after the River Thames burst its banks . Nearly 6,000 homes have been inundated along the Thames Valley and elsewhere following England 's wettest January in 2Â 1/2 centuries . Some communities in low-lying areas of Somerset , in southwest England , have been under water since December . And there 's no letup in sight just yet . The Environment Agency has warned of more flooding along the Thames over the weekend as the river reaches its highest level in 60 years . A powerful Atlantic storm that is blowing in on Friday will add to people 's woes . Power outages It comes only two days after a storm blasted western Wales and northwest England , as well as parts of Ireland , with gale-force winds . Some 450,000 properties were affected by power outages as a result of Wednesday 's storm . Only 16,000 , almost all of them in Wales , were still without power Friday morning , according to the Energy Networks Association , but high winds could cause new problems . The severe weather has affected travel , with many trains delayed or canceled . A sea wall under one coastal section on the main rail line to the southwest collapsed after high seas pummeled it . There were 18 severe flood warnings , meaning a danger to life , in place Friday , most of them in southeast England . Warnings of high winds are also in place for parts of southern England . In the past few days , more than 1,000 homes have been flooded in well-heeled communities along the Thames Valley , including Maidenhead and Windsor , where Queen Elizabeth has a castle . The Environment Agency warned the area could expect "  widespread flooding affecting significant numbers of properties and whole communities and significant disruption to travel " in the coming days . Climate change role ? Central London has been protected from flooding by the Thames Barrier , which prevents high tides surging up the tidal river when it is already full . The Met Office , the UK 's national weather service , said the recent series of winter storms "  has been exceptional in its duration , and has led to the wettest December to January period in the UK since records began . " But it 's not yet able to say whether climate change is a factor in the extreme weather , as some observers have suggested . "  As yet , there is no definitive answer on the possible contribution of climate change to the recent storminess , rainfall amounts and the consequent flooding . This is in part due to the highly variable nature of UK weather and climate , " it said . CNN 's Zahra Ullah contributed to this report .	Princes William and Harry help out in the village of Datchet , hit by flooding Another major Atlantic storm is blowing into Britain on Friday Nearly 6,000 homes have been flooded since the beginning of December Authorities warn of more flooding along the Thames over the weekend
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee said it was "  heartbreaking " that the deaths of women killed by a convicted rapist who was released from prison after Huckabee supported his parole had become politicized . Mike Huckabee denies pressuring the Arkansas Parole Board to release Wayne DuMond . On Wednesday , the mother of the woman the convict later murdered pledged to campaign against the former Arkansas governor . "  There are families who are truly , understandably and reasonably , grief stricken , " Huckabee told CNN . "  And for people to now politicize these deaths and to try to make a political case out of it rather than to simply understand that a system failed and that we ought to extend our grief and heartfelt sorrow to these families , I just regret politics is reduced to that . " The case of the rapist , Wayne DuMond , began in 1985 , when he was accused of raping a 17-year-old girl . He was later convicted and sentenced to a life term . Before trial , DuMond was attacked in his home and castrated , and the local sheriff kept the severed testicles in a jar . No charges were brought in the attack . In 1996 , Huckabee , during his first term as Arkansas governor , expressed support for the parole of DuMond in a letter to him . The Arkansas parole board , which has the final say on such matter , later approved DuMond 's parole . Watch Huckabee deny he pressured the board to approve DuMond 's parole " Less than a year after his release from prison in 1999 , DuMond was accused of raping and murdering Carol Shields , a woman in Kansas City , Missouri . DuMond was convicted of the crime in 2003 . He died in prison in 2005 . Huckabee on Sunday confirmed to CNN he had sent the letter to DuMond . The murdered woman 's mother , Lois Davidson , said she will "  absolutely campaign against " Huckabee , and said she decided to come forward when he started doing well in the polls . "  It 's because he is a serious contender , " Davidson said . "  I did n't think he had a chance , but now he 's right up there in Iowa . " Huckabee said he had considered granting DuMond clemency in 1996 , but he dropped the idea in response to public outcry and because he wanted to ensure DuMond was supervised when he was released from prison . "  Had I granted his commutation , then there would have been no supervision at all , " Huckabee said , "  I was n't comfortable with that . " When he spoke about the case , Huckabee suggested his role in the decision to parole DuMond was limited . Huckabee said it was the decision by former Arkansas Govs. Bill Clinton and Jim Guy Tucker that made DuMond eligible for parole , and Huckabee declined to reduce DuMond 's sentence further . "  I 've never made a decision about the DuMond case other than the decision to write the letter " to DuMond , Huckabee said . "  That was my decision , but I did n't parole him , because governors do n't parole people in Arkansas . " However , Charles Chastain , a parole board member at the time , told ABC News he felt pressure from Huckabee when the board considered DuMond 's parole in 1996 , and the Arkansas Times reported in 2002 that two other board members said they were influenced by Huckabee to parole DuMond . Huckabee denied he asked the board to approve DuMond 's parole . "  No , I did not , " Huckabee said Sunday . "  Let me categorically say I did not . " Huckabee noted that the three board members who said they were pressured were appointed to the board by Democrats Clinton and Tucker . Huckabee said Wednesday his discussion with the parole board in 1996 was a general discussion about clemency , not about the DuMond case . But a former Huckabee aide , Butch Reeves , tells CNN that the DuMond case was discussed during the meeting with the parole board , but that it was the board members who asked Huckabee about the case . Reeves said Huckabee did not pressure the board to approve DuMond 's parole . Documents posted on the Web site The Huffington Post indicate Huckabee received letters from several victims of DuMond before his release . The letters detailed his past actions and pleaded that he remain incarcerated . "  I feel that if he is released it is only a matter of time before he commits another crime and fear that he will not leave a witness to testify against him the next time , " one victim wrote . She described how DuMond had raped her at knifepoint . A former top Huckabee aide confirmed to CNN that the then-governor received that letter and a follow-up phone call from the victim . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Convicted rapist paroled in 1999 while Huckabee was governor of Arkansas Convict later raped , killed a woman in Missouri after released from prison Murdered woman 's mother says she will campaign against the presidential nominee Huckabee expressed support for parole , but denies pressuring parole board
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo is at the peak of his powers on the pitch and off it : The Portuguese star has opened a museum dedicated to his glittering football career in his hometown of Funchal . The Real Madrid striker is widely expected to be awarded the 2013 FIFA Ballon d'Or -- an accolade given to the year 's best footballer -- in January and if Ronaldo is handed the golden ball it will take pride of place in the CR7 Museum . "  Of course it 's a special day , it 's the opening of my museum and I am proud , " the Portugal captain told reporters . "  I have room for more trophies . I do n't really want to mention specific ones . All I want is to win more awards and , if the Ballon d'Or comes , there is extra room here . " The 28-year-old is on a three-man shortlist for this year 's Ballon d'Or alongside Barcelona 's Lionel Messi , who has picked up the award in each of the last four years , and Bayern Munich 's Franck Ribery . Ronaldo , who has scored 33 goals so far this season , made his debut for Sporting Lisbon in 2002 and has gone on to become a fearsome goalscorer . He moved to Manchester United in 2003 where he won three English Premier League titles , the FA Cup and the European Champions League in 2008 , the same year he won the Ballon d'Or for the first time . Ronaldo swapped Manchester for Madrid for a then world record fee in 2009 . Since joining Real , Ronaldo has been prolific in front of goal , averaging over a goal a game for the nine-time European champions . He is also the captain of his national team and will lead out Portugal at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , where it will face Germany , Ghana and the U.S in the group stages .	Cristiano Ronaldo opens a museum dedicated to his football career The Portuguese is widely expected to win the 2013 FIFA Ballon d'Or The Real Madrid star is on a shortlist with Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery The forward has already scored 33 goals for Real this season
CNN Student News  -- September 30 , 2013 This Monday , CNN Student News reports on a new development in Washington 's "  shutdown showdown , " and we examine the science and the doubt concerning humans ' potential impact on climate change . We also step inside a top-secret forensics lab to see how a shred of evidence can help track down a terrorist , and we introduce a CNN Hero who 's helped others walk in his shoes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What could be the potential benefits and drawbacks of using statistics in a news report ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Security Council resolution 2 . climate change 3 . fingerprint analysis Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . When is the deadline for Congress and President Obama to work out a deal to avoid a federal government shutdown ? 2 . What formula converts degrees Celsius to degrees Fahrenheit ? If the current temperature is 20 degrees Celsius , what is the temperature in Fahrenheit ? 3 . What are some of the technologies used by the bomb lab seen in the video ? What kinds of information are the analysts trying to gather ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your view , will Congress and the president avoid a federal government shutdown ? Explain . Do you think your community could be affected if the government shutdown happens ? Why or why not ? 2 . What does the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change say about the cause of climate change ? What evidence runs counter to the Panel 's claim ? Do you think that humans are largely responsible for climate change ? Why or why not ? 3 . What do you think might be the impact of a new pair of shoes on young people whose families ca n't afford them ? What other new back-to-school items might have a similar impact ? What might be some rewards and challenges of supplying these kinds of items to children who need them ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- South Korea 's final report on the March sinking of the warship Cheonan reaffirms that a North Korean torpedo sent the ship to the bottom of the Yellow Sea , killing 46 sailors . The full report , released Monday and based on an investigation conducted by South Korean , U.S. , Swedish , British and Australian officials , offers new details to back up May 's preliminary report on the incident . "  The ROK Navy ship Cheonan was sunk by a North Korean torpedo attack while conducting a normal mission in the vicinity of Baengnyeong Island at 09:22 p.m. on March 26 , 2010 , " the English-version of the report says in its conclusion , according to a Korea Times report . The report says the torpedo did not strike the ship , but the shock wave generated when it exploded nearby split the Cheonan in two . Why are the two Koreas so hostile ? "  The detonation location was 3 meters to the port from the center of the gas turbine room and at a depth of 6 to 9 meters . The weapon system used was a CHT-02D torpedo with approximately 250 kilograms of explosives manufactured by North Korea . " South Korea 's Yonhap news agency quotes the report as saying . The shock-wave effect is substantiated by survivors ' accounts , according to the Yonhap report . "  Forty-one survivors said that they smelled oil , but there were no witnesses of flames , fire or a water column , nor were there any injuries from these factors , " Yonhap quotes the full report as saying . Critics say the final report still leaves questions . For instance , while investigators found traces of explosives on the hull of the Cheonan , no trace of explosives was found on torpedo parts recovered from the scene . Investigators said that could be because the torpedo parts were too small to hold trace explosives , according to a Korea Herald report . The final report also includes communication between the captain of the Cheonan , Cmdr. Choi Won-il , and his boss , squadron commander Capt. Lee Won-bo , according to Yonhap . "  I think we 've been hit by something , " Choi told Lee . "  What do you think it is ? " Lee asked . "  I think it 's a torpedo , " Choi said . North Korea has denied any involvement in the sinking of the Cheonan , calling the results of the preliminary report "  sheer fabrication , " according to its official Korea Central News Agency . KCNA had not yet posted any reaction to the full report . U.S. forces during the summer conducted anti-submarine exercises with South Korea . Further exercises are planned , U.S. officials say .	The full report retains the conclusion found in the preliminary report The torpedo did not strike the ship , but its shock wave split the Cheonan in two , it says Questions remain ; North Korea has denied any involvement
CNN  -- California horse-racing authorities handed the trainer of Triple Crown hopeful I 'll Have Another a 45-day suspension Thursday stemming from a 2010 race with another horse , but cleared him of giving that horse an energy-boosting cocktail . The suspension wo n't take effect until at least July 1 , meaning trainer Doug O'Neill will be able to participate in the June 9 Belmont Stakes -- when Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I 'll Have Another is carrying high hopes for the sport 's first Triple Crown since 1978 . And the California Horse Racing Board 's decision explicitly cleared O'Neill of "  milkshaking " the throughbred Argenta during a race at southern California 's Del Mar track in September 2010 . The board did find O'Neill , as Argenta 's trainer , was responsible for high total carbon dioxide levels found in its blood -- a sign a horse might have been given a "  milkshake " of baking soda , electrolytes and sugar believed to help it combat fatigue . It fined him $ 15,000 , and said another 135 days of suspension could be applied if O'Neill is found to have violated other rules in any jurisdiction . But a state hearing officer found no sign of any "  intentional acts " on the part of the trainer or any sign that betting on the race had been skewed toward Argenta , which finished well out of the money in eighth place . O'Neill can challenge the finding in court , but his brother , Dennis O'Neill , said no decision has been made on how to proceed . "  We 're just ecstatic that the judge ruled we did n't do anything to make the TCO2  total carbon dioxide  level go up , " Dennis O'Neill told CNN . But he said there was "  absolutely " no doubt his brother would be able to take part in the Belmont , in New York . "  We 're very happy that the press release is very clear that Doug never milkshaked the horse , and there was no suspicious betting pattern , " he added . Lee Park , a spokesman for the New York State Racing and Wagering Board , said that agency would review California 's decision . But since the suspension wo n't take effect until July , "  it should have no bearing on the June 9 Belmont Stakes , " he said . The 2010 allegation is n't the first scrape O'Neill has had with California regulators . In 2007 , he was fined $ 3,000 after another horse showed high carbon dioxide levels . And in 2010 , the Illinois Racing Board suspended him for 15 days when another horse showed high blood CO2 levels ; California 's racing board issued him a matching suspension . But there have been no allegations that O'Neill had given a milkshake to I 'll Have Another . And his brother told CNN earlier this week that "  We 've never milkshaked a horse . " "  We would n't know how to do it , " Dennis O "  Neill said . "  It 's never been done by us or anybody in the barn . "	NEW : California action wo n't affect upcoming Belmont Stakes , New York official says Doug O'Neill trained Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I 'll Have Another California 's state racing board suspended him for 45 days effective July 1 at earliest O'Neill was cleared of "  milkshaking " but hit for high carbon dioxide levels in his horse 's blood
CNN  -- It 's a correction more than 160 years in the making . In its Tuesday edition , The New York Times published a correction for an article that ran on January 20 , 1853 . The newspaper has Hollywood and Twitter to thank for bringing the error to light . The Times explained that the article in question told the story of Solomon Northup , a free African-American man who was kidnapped and sold into slavery . Northup 's memoir , "  12 Years a Slave , " was turned into a movie that won the best picture Oscar at this year 's Academy Awards on Sunday . Opinion : Why you should see '12 Years a Slave ' The problem was that the 1853 article spelled Northup 's name wrong , in two different ways . It appeared as Northrop in the body of the article and Northrup in the headline . As the Oscars focused attention on "  12 Years a Slave , " a Twitter user unearthed the old article from The Times archives , and it spread quickly on social media . "  The errors came to light on Monday after a Twitter user pointed out the article in The Times archives , " the correction said . One of the Twitter users who spotted the mistake is Rebecca Skloot , the author of "  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks . " After the correction ran , Skloot tweeted , "  The irony , of course , is that I 'm a terrible speller and proofreader . " 150 years later , paper retracts editorial panning Gettysburg Address	The article , published more than 160 years ago , misspelled Solomon Northup 's name The New York Times issues a correction , saying a Twitter user pointed out the article Northup 's memoir , "  12 Years a Slave , " won best picture at this year 's Oscars
Washington  CNN  -- A divided federal appeals court has ruled that federal regulators went too far with new rules to control air pollution in parts of the eastern United States . The decision Tuesday is a blow for several states , the Obama administration and environmental groups , which had sought to prevent "  upwind states " from emitting possibly unhealthy levels of contaminants across state borders , a requirement known as the "  good neighbor " policy . But the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia concluded that the Environmental Protection Agency exceeded its authority when imposing the restrictions . "  When EPA quantified states ' good neighbor obligations , it did not allow the states the initial opportunity to implement the required reductions with respect to sources within their borders , " the 2-1 panel said . "  By doing so , EPA departed from its consistent prior approach to implementing the good neighbor provision and violated the act . " The issue was tossed back to federal officials to rewrite the regulations . A number of states and power companies had sued over the July 2011 rule limiting power plant emissions in 28 "  upwind " states . The court opinion written by Judge Brett Kavanaugh said some upwind states were unfairly being required to reduce emissions "  by more than their own significant contributions to a downwind state 's nonattainment . " Kavanaugh described a "  Catch-22 " scenario that would make it hard for states to comply with federal rules . "  EPA faults the states for not hitting that impossible-to-know target with their  State Implementation Plans  submissions , " Kavanaugh said . "  In effect , EPA 's view is that the only chance states have to hit the target is before EPA defines the target . By the time EPA makes the target clear , it 's already too late for the states to comply . " He was supported by Judge Thomas Griffith . Both were named to the bench by President George W. Bush . Less stringent rules set up by the Bush administration will now go into place until the rules are rewritten . The requirement is known as the Transport or Cross-State Air Pollution Rule . Under the Clean Air Act , the good neighbor provision requires upwind states to bear responsibility for what the appeals court said was their fair share of "  the mess " in downwind states . In dissent , Judge Judith Rogers said the court majority exceeded its authority , ignoring congressional intent . "  The result is an unsettling of the consistent precedent of this court strictly enforcing jurisdictional limits , a redesign of Congress 's vision of cooperative federalism between the states and the federal government in implementing the CAA based on the court 's own notions of absurdity and logic that are unsupported by a factual record , and a trampling on this court 's precedent on which the  EPA  was entitled to rely in developing the Transport Rule rather than be blindsided by arguments raised for the first time in this court , " wrote Rogers , a Clinton appointee to the appeals court . Environmental groups also criticized the ruling . "  This decision allows harmful power plant air pollution to continue to aggravate major health problems and foul up our air . This is a loss for all of us but especially for those living downwind from major polluters , " said John Walke of the Natural Resources Defense Council . "  This rule would have prevented thousands of premature deaths and saved tens of billions of dollars a year in health costs , but two judges blocked that from happening and forced EPA to further delay long overdue health safeguards for Americans . " But Texas was among those states critical of the administration 's new rules . "  Yet another federal court has reined in an overreaching EPA for violating federal law and intruding on Texas sovereignty , " Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said . "  Vindicating the state 's objections to EPA 's aggressive and lawless approach , today 's decision is an important victory for federalism and a rebuke to a federal bureaucracy run amok . " The federal government now has the option now of asking the Supreme Court to accept the case for review . The agency finalized separate new federal standards on toxic pollutants and mercury emissions from coal power plants last fall . That move was praised by environmentalists but criticized by others , who predict lost jobs and a strain on the nation 's power grid . Lawsuits over those new rules have been filed . The case decided Tuesday is EME Homer City Generation LP v. EPA  11-1302  .	The regulations sought to limit contaminants released by "  upwind states " A U.S. Appeals Court panel said the EPA exceeded its authority Federal officials will rewrite the regulations
LiveWire  -- Voluble Gary Vaynerchuk , 31 , the host of "  Wine Library TV , " an online video show , has been known to lick rocks , suck leather and eat dirt while on camera , all to illustrate the unique properties of wine . "  Wine Library TV " host Gary Vaynerchuk discusses four spooky wine varieties for Halloween show . Of a "  wild and gamey " red from Rioja , Spain , Vaynerchuk says , "  Hit a deer on the road . Throw a bunch of cherries on it . Take out your knife , cut the deer . Bite it . That 's the flavor profile . " That kind of attitude appeals to people who are mystified by the arcane lexicon of traditional wine journals or turned off by what they perceive as elitist barriers . Across the Internet , budding wine geeks are discovering a burgeoning number of Web sites , blogs , bulletin boards and other outlets that preach the gospel of the grape in terms they can understand . About 40,000 Internet viewers -- many of them 20-somethings -- have a daily appointment with "  Wine Library TV . " The low-budget video blog is produced five days a week from a nondescript office in the three-level wine retail operation that Vaynerchuk 's family owns in Springfield , New Jersey . Vaynerchuk has a discerning nose and palate , and he does n't dumb down his subject . Yet he stuffs his patter with sports and pop-culture references -- and the kind of language a Wine Spectator critic would be unlikely to employ . The mission of wine sites like "  Wine Library TV , " say several of the people behind these new outlets , is to demystify wine  and in some cases , sell it , too  . Using the language , attitude and new media that appeal to a young , tech-savvy generation , they advocate trusting one 's own palate rather than obeying powerful wine critics . Some of the sites also provide opportunities for average wine drinkers to share their opinions . One site , SavorEachGlass.com , declares its dedication to "  exploring the spirit of wine for a new generation , " with reviews , online journals and essays that explain the finer points of winemaking -- all with attitude . "  The  wine  establishment is about ratings and ` reputation , ' " says the site 's founder , Tynan Szvetecz , 29 . "  It 's about collecting the ` good ' stuff as defined by someone else 's palate and tastes . That bores a younger generation . " "  We 're not afraid to be smartasses , " he continues . "  We make fun of ourselves , old-world wine makers , new-world wine makers , and anyone else we can get our hands on . " In the U.S. , interest in wine is exploding . While consumption has leveled out in traditional wine-producing countries such as France , Italy and Spain , especially among young people , it has trended upwards in the U.S. for 15 straight years . The U.S. is projected to overtake No. 2 Italy by the end of 2007 , according to the annual report The U.S. Wine Market : Impact Databank Review and Forecast a leading industry trade publication . Many of the new converts to wine are the so-called Millennials , the under-30 age group coveted by beverage marketers and so comfortable online that they 're also called iGen , or the Internet Generation . One of the wine Web sites targeting a younger demographic is VineSugar.com , which features a blog called "  Wine Burps . " "  We love wine but hate the elitism , " writes founder , Ryan O'Donnell . "  After all , it 's just grape juice . " With rants about wine tasting fees , a feature spotlighting "  wine hotties " working at California wineries , as well as interactive maps that plot and rate wineries , VineSugar.com leaves little doubt about its target audience . CellarTracker.com , an online wine community , appeals to more established wine collectors . The site provides free software -- designed by Eric LeVine , a fortuitously named former Microsoft software developer -- that allows wine enthusiasts to create an online inventory of their wines . The 39,000 users  who count 6 million bottles in their virtual cellars  post reviews of their wines and access scores and other data via PDAs and cell phones . Community tasting notes shed light on how cellar-worthy wines are evolving , helping others decide when to crack open a treasured bottle . Corkd.com , another online community of wine fans , already had 40,000 users when Vaynerchuk purchased the site last year . The free service allows users to catalog and review wines . Instead of having "  friends " as on Facebook , members identify "  drinking buddies " and check out what they 're drinking . In the growing presence of wine fans on the Internet -- newbies as well as connoisseurs -- Vaynerchuk sees a movement . "  They 're part of forums , they meet up  offline  , " he says . "  It 's about bringing people together . It 's all that 's right about wine . " Vaynerchuk should know . The 300-plus shows he has taped in the past two years have developed a cult following of online fans , who call themselves "  Vayniacs , " share wine tips and obsess about their hero on the site 's forum . On a recent rainy afternoon , Vaynerchuk barreled , unrehearsed and unscripted , through a 20-minute show in a single take . He wrapped up Wine Library TV episode No. 337 with what has become his signature line . "  You , with a little bit of me , we 're changing the wine world , are n't we ? " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Neil Edward Schlecht is a freelance writer based in Litchfield County , Connecticut and the author of more than a dozen travel guides .	"  Wine Library TV " Internet show has about 40,000 regular viewers Show takes irreverent look at wine business Wine consumption has risen in United States for last 15 years
CNN  -- We all have our favorites for the big honors at Hollywood 's top awards show , but over its 80-year history there have been some classic films , performers and people behind the scenes that have been criminally overlooked by Oscar . Peter Sellers in "  Dr. Strangelove , " just one of Kubrick 's classics beaten to the prize by a glitzy musical From acting turns that kept us glued to the screen , to directors that were passed over by the Academy time and time again , these are the statues we would have given out if we 'd been in charge . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one or robbed an actual winner of its top-spot ? Share your views by using the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best . 1 . Stanley Kubrick 's double snub 1968/1964 In two equally baffling instances , the last true auteur 's work was denied the prize . Cold War classic "  Dr. Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb " lost out to George Cukor 's "  My Fair Lady " while his genre-defining sci-fi epic "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " was beaten by Carol Reed 's threadbare "  Oliver ! " Glossy Hollywood musicals hailed above two of the most influential movies ever made : are you serious ? Truly , this is Oscar 's greatest travesty . 2 . "  Citizen Kane , " denied best picture 1941 It has been topping critics ' lists since its release over 60 years ago , but this work of cinematic genius left the 1941 Oscars almost empty handed . Nominated for nine , including Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actor , "  Citizen Kane " was beaten to the prize by "  How Green Was My Valley , " a sentimental epic about Welsh miners . 3 . Martin Scorsese , ever the bridesmaid 1976/1980/1990 Finally recognized last year for his work on "  The Departed , " for years it looked like Scorsese would always play bridesmaid to some distinctly mediocre brides . The three biggest Oscar crimes against Marty : "  Taxi Driver , " "  Raging Bull " and "  Goodfellas . " For the latter , he was beaten by Kevin Costner for "  Dances With Wolves . " Fair enough , it 's the only Costner-helmed film that is n't utterly abysmal , but better than Scorsese 's best ? We do n't think so . 4 . James Dean : Rebel without an Oscar 1955/1956 The only actor to receive more than one posthumous nomination , Dean still failed to secure the statue , despite turning in three amazing performances in one year . Nominated for his roles in "  East of Eden " and "  Giant , " and overlooked for the iconic "  Rebel Without a Cause , " three performances that put him into Hollywood folklore as an acting great , he lost out second time round to Yul Brynner in "  The King and I. " Is it us or are the sentimental musicals trumping the all-time classics ? 5 . Alfred Hitchcock 's Academy curse 1958 One of the greatest directors of all time , Hitchcock never won the best director award . Nominated just four times , he was only beaten by the finest directors of the day , including Billy Wilder and Elia Kazan . But how could the nomination committee overlook "  Vertigo " ? Today it 's considered one of his true masterpieces . No nomination for Hitchcock , and instead the academy hand the award to Vincente Minnelli , the director of "  Gigi " -- another tooth-gratingly glitzy musical . 6 . "  Pulp Fiction " and Morgan Freeman get Gump-ed 1994 Whether you like "  Forrest Gump " or not , it 's hard to defend the decision that saw Tom Hanks take his second acting Oscar ahead of the definitive performance of one of Hollywood 's elder statesmen , Morgan Freeman , in Frank Darabont 's "  Shawshank Redemption . " And as for the Academy passing over "  Pulp Fiction " or its director , Quentin Tarantino in favor of a comfortable family flick ? That left us speechless . Where 's the Academy 's court of appeal ? 7 . Robert Duvall steals the show , but is robbed of the award 1979 It 's hard to stand out in a cast that has Marlon Brando , Martin Sheen and Dennis Hopper in it , let alone when the project 's directed with powerful skill by Francis Ford Coppola , but the wild ravings of Lieutenant Colonel Kilgore stand out as the highlight in the excellent and affecting "  Apocalypse Now . " We hate the smell of Oscar injustice in the morning . 8 . "  LA Confidential " is sunk by a blockbuster 1997 Ok , it was an impressive venture , and the technical frills were unrivalled at the time , but "  Titanic " just was n't the best film of the year . A flimsy script , plus performances far from the actors ' best , failed to deter voters : the movie picked up a record 11 awards . Versus "  LA Confidential , " or even the impressive "  Good Will Hunting , " it simply does n't float . 9 . Al Pacino 's best apparently not good enough 1976 Pacino may have descended into a constant stream of shouting in his later roles  something that can be seen in abundance in "  Any Given Sunday " or "  Devil 's Advocate "  , but his magnetic performance as sensitive Michael Corleone in "  The Godfather " sees him at his compelling best . Joel Grey 's performance in "  Cabaret "  more musicals ! Argh !  is nothing if not annoying , and certainly not a patch on Pacino 's finest hour . 10 . "  Brokeback Mountain " wins everything but an Oscar 2005 In the approach to the Academy Awards it had been winning major prizes , scooping the best picture BAFTA and Golden Globe and earning director Ang Lee a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival , but when it came to the Oscars , the movie mysteriously missed out . "  Crash , " the actual winner , is not a bad film , but it pales in comparison to the sensitive and highly emotional "  Brokeback Mountain . " ... . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Read others ' comments and share your views by using the Sound Off box below . ... . And the day before the Oscars are given out , the 28th Annual Razzie Awards will be announced for the year 's worst film offerings . Here are five of the biggest Razzie winners ... Sly and the family Stallone "  win " big With 30 nominations and 10 awards , including worst actor of the century , Sly is the biggest "  winner " in Razzie history . Most notably , in 1985 he and his family cleaned up , as he took worst actor , director and screenplay awards , his wife Brigitte Nielsen scooped worst supporting actress and worst new star , and Sly 's brother Frank received worst original song for "  Peace in Our Time " from "  Rambo II . " Their parents must be so proud . Madonna fails to get the hint She 's not known for her acting , but Madge just wo n't let it go . With fewer than 20 full-length feature roles under her belt , the queen of pop has picked up 15 Razzie nominations and nine awards for her weak performances . In 2002 she cleaned up , taking Worst Actress , Worst Supporting Actress and half of the Worst Couple . You really ca n't fault her consistency . "  Showgirls " breaks Razzie records This record-breaking clunker was nominated for 13 awards in 1995 : admirable , since there were only 10 categories that year . It also claimed the most wins , taking home a well-deserved seven awards , including Worst Director and Worst Picture , which were collected in person by director Paul Verhoeven , the first winner to attend the show to collect Razzies . Respect . Eddie Murphy : man of 2008 This year 's show sees the comedian who was up for an Oscar last year pick up a record five nominations for one person in a year , for his work in Worst Picture nominee "  Norbit . " Having played multiple characters , Murphy is up for Worst Actor , Worst Supporting Actor , Worst Supporting Actress , Worst Couple  nominated with himself  and Worst Screenplay . A truly impressive haul : good work , Eddie . Battlefield Earth "  succeeds " in every category John Travolta 's Scientology/sci-fi movie was nominated for a meager eight awards , but brought home the bacon as it took seven of those awards on the night . Only Forrest Whitaker failed to convert his nomination , pipped to the post by co-star Barry Pepper . If it makes them feel any better , we think they deserved all eight . ... . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Read others ' comments and share your views by using the Sound Off box below . E-mail to a friend	Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock never won a best director Oscar Perennial critics ' favorite "  Citizen Kane " was almost entirely passed over Blockbusters "  Forrest Gump " and "  Titanic " prevented great movies taking honors Razzies "  honor " poor cinema , big winners are Sylvester Stallone and Madonna
CNN  -- When 3-year-old Rowan Isaacson darted away from his father and dived into a herd of grazing horses , it easily could have been the end of the small autistic boy . He was babbling under the hooves of a boss mare . Rupert Isaacson says he noticed immediate improvement in his son 's language skills when he started riding . "  I thought he was going to get trampled , " recalled Rupert Isaacson , Rowan 's father . But the horse , Betsy , dipped her head and chewed with her mouth in submission . Isaacson , who had trained horses for a living , had never seen it happen so spontaneously . Rowan had seemingly made a connection . The Austin , Texas , family had been struggling with Rowan . His wild tantrums were nearly driving Isaacson and his wife , Kristin Neff , to divorce . All the while , little Rowan was becoming unreachable . "  He would just stare off into space , " Isaacson said . "  I was worried it was going to get progressively worse and that eventually , he might float away from us entirely . Luckily , right about that time is when he met Betsy . " Isaacson began riding Betsy , a neighbor 's horse , with Rowan . He says he noticed immediate improvement in his son 's language skills . Watch Rowan and Betsy " "  He would start to answer . He would start to talk . We would do song games up there on the saddle . I would take books up there in the saddle , " Isaacson said . Autism specialists say that horse riding can be effective in gaining access to autistic children . Experts make a distinction between the kind of recreational therapeutic riding Isaacson was using with Rowan and hippotherapy , which is a medical treatment that uses horses and is supervised by a licensed speech-language pathologist . "  People perceive it 's the interaction with the horse that 's making the change . However , the movement of the horse is extremely powerful , and it 's that movement that 's having neurological impact on the autistic child , " said Ruth Dismuke-Blakely , a speech-language pathologist and hippotherapy clinical specialist in Edgewood , New Mexico . According to preliminary analysis of an ongoing study by Dismuke-Blakely , hippotherapy has been shown to increase verbal communication skills in some autistic children in as little as 18 to 25 minutes of riding once a week for eight weeks . "  We see their arousal and affect change . They become more responsive to cues . If they are at a point where they are using verbal cues , you get more words , " Dismuke-Blakely said . "  It 's almost like it opens them up . It gives us access . " She cautions that a horse 's movements can be powerful . For some autistic children , riding too long can overstimulate their nervous system , leading to more erratic behavior . On Betsy , Rowan was at ease . After about three weeks , Isaacson says , Rowan 's improved behavior was translating into the home and outside world as well . But not consistently . In late 2004 , Isaacson , a human rights activist , brought a delegation of African bushmen from Botswana to the United Nations . Among the men were traditional healers , who offered to work with Rowan . Isaacson says he was skeptical , but he had experience with the bushmen and allowed the healers to lay their hands on his son . "  I was kind of flabbergasted at Rowan 's response . For about four days while they were with him , he started to lose some of his symptoms . He started to point , which was a milestone he had n't achieved , " Isaacson said . When the tribal healers left , Rowan regressed . Isaacson says he could n't help but wonder what would happen if he were to give Rowan a longer exposure to the two things that he seemed to have responded well to : horses and shamans . "  I know it sounds completely crazy , " he said . "  I just had a gut feeling . " Isaacson took his wife and son to Mongolia . "  It 's the oldest horse culture on the planet . Everyone still gets around on a horse there -- so a nomadic culture . The word ` shaman ' comes from there , " Isaacson said , explaining his decision . "  I just thought , ` Well , what if we went there and rode across the steppe and visited traditional healers ? You know , what might happen for Rowan ? Might there be some positive outcomes ? ' " Trekking across the Mongolian prairie on horseback , Isaacson says , Rowan 's behavior was changed dramatically . "  Rowan was not cured of autism out there , " Isaacson stressed . "  The word ` cure ' is not in my vocabulary for this . Rowan came back without three key dysfunctions that he had . He went out to Mongolia incontinent and still suffering from these neurological firestorms -- so tantruming all the time and cut off from his peers , unable to make friends -- and he came back with those three dysfunctions having gone . " Isaacson credits Rowan 's improvement to horses and time in nature -- and to shamanic healing , which he says he simply ca n't explain rationally . Isaacson has written a book , "  The Horse Boy , " about Rowan 's autism . Rowan , now 7 , rides Betsy by himself . His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for his autism , and Rowan 's applied behavioral analysis therapist has him studying math and English at the third-grade level -- a full year ahead of some of his peers . "  He 's just becoming a very functional autistic person , " Isaacson said . As far as the Isaacson family 's journey took them , it is the same hard slog facing millions of families gripped by autism . "  A lot of the parents go to the ends of the Earth in their own living rooms every day , " Isaacson said . "  I mean , we had more stressful car rides to the grocery store than any of the stresses and challenges of the trip to Mongolia . " You do n't have to get on a horse -- or plane to Siberia -- for relief . For autism families , Isaacson encourages parents to simply follow their instincts and listen to what their child shows them . "  In our case , it was horses in Mongolia and these shamans , " Isaacson said . "  It could just as easily have been bicycles and , you know , steam trains . And if it had been , we 'd have done a steam train journey . We 'd have done whatever Rowan seemed to be showing us he wanted to do , because that was where he was intrinsically motivated . "	Family travels across Mongolia so autistic son can ride horses , meet shaman Experts say riding horses can be effective in gaining access to autistic children Rowan Isaacson 's language and temper improved with horse/shaman therapy His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for Rowan 's autism
First , the bad news : Even if the economy improves , middle-class career paths will continue to disappear as globalization and technological innovation render more jobs obsolete . Now , the good news : The fear , stress and humiliation caused by unemployment  and underemployment  can be alleviated with a simple solution . And now , the even-better news : This simple solution is starting to find backers on both sides of the political spectrum . A monthly cash payment to every American , no questions asked , would solve several of our most daunting challenges . It 's called a basic income , and it 's cheaper and much more effective than our current malfunctioning safety net , which costs nearly $ 1 trillion per year . The idea of a basic income , sometimes called a guaranteed minimum income or a negative income tax , has been discussed for decades by notable economists like Milton Friedman . In the late 1960s and 1970s , the idea had bipartisan backing before losing steam . Recently , in the face of a sputtering economy , a weak job market and rising income inequality , it has been gathering supporters at an ever-quickening pace . In fact , just last month , former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich called a basic income guarantee "  almost inevitable . " The concept of a basic income is not entirely abstract . Several countries , such as Brazil , have achieved notable success with their programs , lifting many people out of poverty . In countries like India , nongovernmental organizations are experimenting with pilot programs in specific areas , with promising results so far . The United States is already experimenting with a variation of basic income , even though most people do n't realize it . Alaska has a small version , called a Permanent Fund Dividend , which is incredibly popular and made the state one of the most economically equal places in America . Importantly , Alaskans do n't consider it "  redistribution , " but rather "  joint ownership . " The benefits of a basic income on a national scale would be wide-ranging . First , there 's the lift to the overall economy if everyone has money to spend . Next , there are the obvious psychological benefits of knowing you can always afford food and shelter . Then there 's the societal stability factor : If people 's basic economic needs are being met -- no matter what the unpredictable job market is doing -- we do n't have to worry about the potential for civil unrest as a result of mass unemployment . Economist Gar Alperovitz told me that a guaranteed minimum income would not only defuse the political crisis posed by worsening long-term unemployment , but would also open up the possibility of a reduction in the length of the work week . Due partly to technological innovation , we already have a situation where less work is spread among more people , and this phenomenon will increase in the future . With a basic income , this development is nothing to fear . "  Once people have the freedom to elect to work less , their capacity to engage in the work of rebuilding community and democracy can increase far beyond what is possible in today 's precariously overworked society , " Alperovitz said . At the moment , the idea of a guaranteed minimum income might be more popular with liberals than conservatives . But lately , conservative thinkers have become more outspoken in their support of the concept . Philosopher Matt Zwolinski has made a libertarian case for a basic income . "  Conservatives care about limiting the power of government and increasing personal responsibility . ... Compared to our current welfare state , a basic income does both . Instead of a vast bureaucracy of over 120 different antipoverty programs at the federal level , you 've got a program so simple it could be administered by a piece of software . " Furthermore , he said , instead of subjecting the poor to a host of invasive , paternalistic and degrading requirements designed to make sure they 're behaving in ways the government approves of , a basic income gives them cash , and asks them to take responsibility for spending that money to improve their own condition . Of course , all government programs have imperfections , and the basic income idea has an obvious one : There will still be people incapable of functioning in daily life -- people who will spend their money before paying for basic necessities . What should be done about these "  moochers " ? My answer is that housing shelters and soup kitchens could continue to exist , helping people who can not be helped in any other way . But the cost of these programs is just a tiny fraction of the overall safety net , and in cities with strong religious and philanthropic support , they would not need to be financed by the government at all . No one needs to sleep on the street . Another objection : What if people want to work more , not less ? No problem . Want multiple jobs ? Go right ahead and take them . As advocates of a basic income point out , nothing would keep people from working and earning as much as they want . The global economy will experience big and small changes in the coming decades . We must do something to avoid a future of high unemployment and misery . A guaranteed minimal income is a way to start .	David Wheeler : U.S. should provide a monthly cash payment to every American Wheeler : A guaranteed minimum income can address unemployment issue He says it would be a psychological benefit , lift the economy , and create stability Wheeler : It is also cheaper than our current malfunctioning safety net
SRINAGAR , Indian-Administered Kashmir  CNN  -- Three top militant commanders were killed in two separate encounters with security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir , police said . Kashmiri villagers pray during the funeral of Mohammed Haneef , a Hizbul Mujahedeen commander , Sunday . The clashes , which culminated with their deaths on Sunday , followed five days of heavy snowfall across Kashmir that claimed 19 lives , 10 of them on Friday alone . Late Saturday Indian army and paramilitary forces engaged a group of militants hiding in south Kashmir , Noorpora village , 45 kilometers  28 miles  from the capital of Srinagar , a police spokesman said . He identified them as belonging to Hizbul Mujahedeen , comprising mostly local militants . "  As  they  refused to lay down their weapons , a sustained encounter resulted , which continued for several hours , " the spokesman said . A militant commander and the financial chief of the group were among the dead , he said . A top commander of Pakistan-based Harkatul Mujahedeen was killed in a separate north-Kashmir encounter between militants and Indian security forces , the spokesman said . Indian security forces have recently intensified their operations against militants . In the past 15 days , nearly 20 militants have been killed across Indian-administered Kashmir in gunfights . Kashmir has long been an object of dispute between nuclear rivals and neighbors India and Pakistan , and militants fighting for Kashmir 's separation from India have been carrying out attacks against the Indian security forces in Kashmir for 19 years . The separatist violence has left 42,000 people dead , officials said . However , rights groups and various non-governmental organizations put the number at twice that official figure . E-mail to a friend	Police : Indian army , paramilitary forces fight militants in south Kashmir Militants belong to Hizbul Mujahedeen , police say Top commander of Pakistan-based Harkatul Mujahedeen killed separately Indian security forces have intensified operations against militants
London  CNN  -- The horrifying video of a Syrian rebel leader apparently eating the heart of a dead government soldier , which has been circulating this week on the internet , has caused a storm of instantaneous outrage and disgust on social media such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook . But the video , which human rights monitors say appears to be genuine and not a regime propaganda "  plant , " may also inflict long-term political damage on the already challenged reputation and credibility of the Syrian opposition , despite earnest condemnation of the alleged atrocity by the umbrella rebel organization , the Syrian National Coalition . Human Rights Watch said this week the video "  appears to show " a commander of a rebel Syrian brigade called the Independent Omar al-Farouq brigade mutilating the corpse of a regime opponent . "  The figure in the video cuts the heart and liver out of the body and uses sectarian language to insult Alawites , " a HRW statement said , adding : "  At the end of the video -LSB- the man -RSB- is filmed putting the corpse 's heart into his mouth , as if he is taking a bite out of it . " The HRW statement said : "  It is not known whether the Independent Omar al-Farouq brigade operates within the command structure of the Free Syrian Army . But the opposition Syrian National Coalition and the Free Syrian Army leadership should take all possible steps to hold those responsible for war crimes accountable and prevent such abuses by anyone under their command ... Any party with the power to do so should do all it can to keep weapons from reaching the brigade . " The last sentence is particularly pointed , given the accelerating debate in the U.S. and Britain on whether to arm the rebels . The past two weeks has seen a concerted effort by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to rally support for an international summit on Syria to discuss a peace agreement and a transition of power from the regime led by President Bashar al-Assad to a new opposition-led government . When David Cameron travelled to Washington and New York this week , he was pushing a similar agenda . In White House talks with Barack Obama , the British prime minister stressed the urgent need for a diplomatic settlement , but also reiterated that Britain  like France  was considering supplying weapons to the rebels after the EU arms embargo expires at the end of this month . Pentagon officials have meanwhile indicated that the U.S. is moving closer to providing weapons and other lethal assistance to the rebels . Up until now , it has not done so , although the CIA has reportedly been involved in routing weapons supplied by Gulf state sympathizers to the rebels . Cameron also pressed his case in Russia , during a Black Sea meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin . Like Kerry and Obama , the British see Moscow 's support for al-Assad as the key obstacle to ending the Syrian civil war . But Putin continues to suspect that the western nations are pursuing regime change in Syria , and that they are looking for an excuse to intervene , as Nato did in Libya two years ago . He has refused to join calls for al-Assad to step down . Upping the ante , Cameron subsequently announced that Britain would double its non-lethal aid to the opposition over the next year and that it was looking at ways to provide more technical assistance to the rebels . The new humanitarian support of Â # 30 million  $ 46 million  takes the UK 's total contribution to the Syria humanitarian crisis to Â # 170 million , according to Downing Street . All these well-laid diplomatic stratagems in Washington and London could be set at nought if alleged rebel atrocities , such as this week 's video , and other misdeeds turn international public opinion against the opposition . The rebels were already facing an uphill battle for support . Republican members of the U.S. Congress and right-wing commentators have long warned that elements of the rebel forces are linked to al Qaeda , and that arming or otherwise supporting them would be to repeat the same mistake the U.S. made when it armed the Afghan mujahedeen in the 1980s  when Afghanistan was occupied by the Soviet Union  . The mujahedeen mutated into the modern-day Taliban , formed an alliance with the late Osama bin Laden in the 1990s , and have since turned the expertise they attained in defeating the Red Army against Nato forces which entered the country after the 9/11 attacks . What leads a human being up to a grotesque act Putin has voiced similar fears in September 2012 , suggesting the West could be creating a monster in backing Sunni Muslim groups against the Alawite-led regime . Moscow argues , in effect , that better the devil you know  al-Assad  than the devil you do n't  an extremist Sunni successor regime  . Oddly , perhaps , these western voices of caution find themselves in de facto coalition with Iran and Hezbollah in Lebanon , Shia Muslim allies of the Assad regime . Meanwhile , a senior U.N. official suggested recently that the rebels were guilty of using chemical weapons  which they deny  . On top of all this , the opposition faces another question , bigger than all the others : can it win ? According to the U.N. , the Syrian civil war has claimed an estimated 80,000 lives so far , with millions more displaced or forced into foreign exile . The rebels control large tracts of territory , but they have failed to seize and hold major cities , and the balance of battlefield fortunes swings back and forward inconclusively . The regime has proved tenacious , resourceful and stubborn . Al-Assad and his allies have nowhere to run . For them it is a fight to the death . The rebels , meanwhile , comprising myriad local groups and leaders , continue to lack strong central direction or agreement on what a post-Assad future might look like . It may be that a compromise deal on a new government including existing members of the regime and some rebel elements will ultimately prove the only way to end the war . This week 's video horror increases pressure to halt the bloodshed as quickly as possible -- even if that means some kind of patched-up deal , unpalatable , unsatisfactory and impermanent though it will undoubtedly be . OPINION : Why a man eats another man 's heart READ MORE : Obama cautious on Syria , Britain ups urgency for peace READ MORE : Turkey may be Obama 's key to solving Syria crisis The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Tisdall .	A video showing a Syrian rebel eating the heart of a dead soldier circulated the internet Simon Tisdall : The video may "  inflict long-term damage " on the Syrian opposition 's reputation Human Rights Watch says war criminals should be punished and such abuses prevented The U.S. and Britain continue to debate whether to arm the rebels
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- NATO troops in Afghanistan launched their biggest offensive of the war early Saturday , attacking what they call the last Taliban stronghold in a war-scarred southern province . Military officials said the offensive -- dubbed Operation Moshtarak -- got under way at 2 a.m.  4:30 p.m. ET Friday  . Moshtarak , a Dari word for "  together , " symbolizes the fact that combined forces are serving alongside one another . "  Insurgents who do not accept the government 's offer to reintegrate and join the political process will be met with overwhelming force , " the International Security Assistance Force Joint Command said in a statement . "  However , the strongest of measures will be taken to protect the civilian population . " Some of about 15,000 troops from the United States , United Kingdom , Afghanistan and Canada attacked Taliban targets in and around Marjah , a city of 80,000 to 100,000 residents , where the Taliban has set up a shadow government , coalition military authorities said . By about 8 a.m.  10 p.m. ET Friday  two firefights had erupted between the Taliban and U.S. Marines in Marjah . "  Marjah is the last enemy sanctuary in the Marine area of operations , " said Brig. Gen. Larry Nicholson , 2nd Marine Expeditionary Brigade-Afghanistan commanding general . "  This operation is designed to reconnect the people of Marjah with the legitimate government of Afghanistan . We are fully partnered with the Afghan government for this operation , and we have the resources we need to be successful . " The Afghan government described the offensive -- carried out in central Helmand with the Afghan National Army , Afghan National Police , ISAF Regional Command  South  , and the Helmand Provincial Reconstruction Team -- as "  clearing " operations . The coalition said its troops expected to confront up to 1,000 entrenched Taliban fighters . It said they also expected foreign Taliban fighters to battle to the death but were prepared for local Taliban members in Marjah to try to escape . "  We will follow the enemies and bring them to justice , " said Gen. Mohiyiden Ghori of the Afghan National Army . In the past few days , forces from Afghanistan , Britain and other nations conducted air and ground operations to prepare for the assault and dropped leaflets in and around Marjah warning residents not to allow the Taliban to enter their homes . The allies had been unusually vocal in describing their plans for the assault . "  I think there 's a certain strength in the Pashtunwali culture just from laying it out there in saying , ` Hey , we are coming . Deal with it , ' " U.S. Marine Gen. Larry Nicholson said . Some of the 30,000 additional U.S. troops that President Obama sent to Afghanistan were taking part in the fight . More on Operation Moshtarak from Afghanistan Crossroads blog The goal is to force the Taliban from Marjah to free the opium-rich province of Taliban influence and drug traffickers . It 's an example of a U.S. strategy to focus on population centers and separate the Taliban from Afghan civilians . "  It 's about the security of the population , not fighting down insurgent numbers , " British Gen. Gordon Messenger has said . About 3,000 U.S. Marines were involved in the fight . The advance notice given to residents was expected to help avert civilian casualties , a problem that has hurt the military 's credibility among Afghans . They were also trying to get those Taliban who are n't hard-core to turn in themselves and their weapons . Reaching the battleground was expected to be a big challenge for NATO and Afghan troops . The tough terrain is hard for tanks to traverse . The town of Marjah is surrounded by roadside bombs , military officials said . They said the Taliban has had months to plant the bombs , most of them homemade mixes of ammonium nitrate , shrapnel fuel , salt or flour . Such bombs -- which are detonated remotely or by pressure plates -- have caused about 80 percent of the deaths in fighting in Helmand province , military officials said . "  This is possibly the largest IED threat NATO has ever faced , " Nicholson has said . Massive armored vehicles , called assault breacher vehicles , were to lead the charge into Marjah , coalition authorities said before the offensive . The tank-like vehicles can destroy roadside bombs . Even with their help , though , military officials have increased staff at the hospital at Camp Bastion , in the capital of Helmand province , in anticipation that roadside bombs would cause casualties . Troops were expecting to encounter booby-trapped houses and fierce urban combat .	15,000 multinational troops take part in effort to attack Taliban in Marjah Nations prepared for assault , dropping leaflets to warn residents Operation is part of U.S. strategy to focus on population centers "  This is possibly the largest IED threat NATO has ever faced , " U.S. general says
Washington  CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry is cutting short an economic development trip through Europe to return home as officials in his state work to stop the spread of Ebola . He 'd originally been scheduled to return Sunday , but Perry spokesman Felix Browne told CNN the three-term Republican governor will now fly back on Thursday . His decision to cut short an economic development-focused trip through England , Germany , Poland and Ukraine comes after President Barack Obama called off plans for a fundraising trip to New Jersey and Connecticut on Wednesday when a second Dallas health care worker was diagnosed with Ebola . Perry had defended his decision to leave this week for Europe , saying in a statement Wednesday that he 's been in close contact with state and federal officials about the Ebola response . He said he had spoken with White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell "  to ensure state and federal management of this issue is tightly coordinated . " He also said he speaks daily with Dr. Brett Giroir , who heads an infectious disease task force that Perry formed earlier this month , and Dr. David Lakey , the commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services . Those two are helming the state 's efforts . "  This is the first time that our nation has had to deal with a threat such as this . Everyone working on this challenge -- from the medical professionals at the bedside to the public health officials addressing containment of the infection -- is working to end the threat posed by this disease , " Perry said . "  These individuals are keeping the health and safety of Texans and the needs of the patients as their most critical tasks , " he said . "  Every relevant agency at the local , state and national levels is working to support these individuals . " His trip -- just months from the end of Perry 's 12-year tenure in the governor 's office -- drew criticism from Texas Democrats who called his absence while Dallas health care workers are treated for Ebola poor leadership . It also put Perry at risk of missing an opportunity to demonstrate his executive capabilities ahead of a widely-expected 2016 campaign for the GOP presidential nomination . "  I have great faith that we will succeed in this important mission ; once we have put it behind us we will be the stronger for it and more prepared to meet the kinds of challenges that we as Americans are uniquely prepared to face , " Perry said .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry is returning Thursday from a European trade mission . He 'd planned to be there through Sunday . Perry 's return comes as Dallas deals with a second health care worker diagnosed with Ebola .
CNN  -- After 21 years of arrests with a side of wisecracks , Detective John Munch will retire Wednesday night on "  Law and Order : SVU . " Richard Belzer debuted the role in January 1993 , with NBC 's "  Homicide : Life on the Street . " Never the star , but usually the character with the best lines , Munch survived the cancellation of that show -- and much more . Between the reprisal of the role on various "  Law and Order " spin-offs and his many guest spots in character , Belzer parlayed Munch into one of the longest running roles in TV history . As Munch , Belzer appeared on FOX 's "  The X-Files " in 1993 , HBO 's "  The Wire " in 2002 and shows like "  Arrested Development , " "  The Beat " and "  30 Rock . " Munch appeared in nine different television shows , and that does n't even include the time "  Sesame Street " turned Munch into a muppet to solve alphabet-related crimes in the Special Letters Unit , or when he popped up on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " Of course , the irony is if you were to design a character who would run for more than two decades on television , you probably would n't create someone like Munch . The original character , like much of "  Homicide , " was at least partially based on a real-life detective , but Munch was given an edge by comedian-turned-actor Belzer . The always anti-establishment Belzer brought a counterculture element to the police precinct with the offbeat detective . The romantically challenged , conspiracy theorist , temperamental Munch was a cop concerned with civil rights and a penchant for self-deprecation . Not your typical TV fare . Which is probably why he endured all these years . Belzer has been enjoying the attention his character 's retirement is getting . He 's been tweeting out his thanks , saying , "  Am I one of the luckiest actors in the world or what ? Between my loving fans and an adoring press-I am virtually speechless . " Though he 's not sure he 'll be able to watch Munch 's retirement episode because he 'll be too emotional , he 's helpfully suggesting his fans play a drinking game in which they take a swig every time someone says his character 's name during the show . Fear not , Munch fans , this is n't completely the end of the line . Belzer is expected to have a cameo or two on "  SVU " and another crossover opportunity could present itself down the road .  FOX 's police comedy "  Brooklyn Nine Nine " seems like a great choice , and it stars former "  Homicide " castmate Andre Braugher  . At least for one more night , the streets are safe .	Detective John Munch will retire on "  Law and Order : SVU " Richard Belzer debuted the role in January 1993 The character has appeared on multiple TV shows
CNN  -- As a gunman opened fire inside a cafe in Seattle , a patron jumped into action , hitting the shooter twice with a stool and saving three lives , police said . Investigators hailed him as a hero , but the man told a Seattle newspaper that he was simply keeping a promise to a brother who died in the World Trade Center terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 . Police identified the man only as Lawrence , but The Seattle Times reported his full name Friday as Lawrence Adams . After Adams ' brother died on 9/11 , he told the newspaper , he promised himself that if something like that ever happened again , "  I would never hide under a table . " He was true to his vow Wednesday when faced with the gunman . "  There 's a hero . ... . He put his life at risk , " Assistant Police Chief Jim Pugel told reporters . In an interview with police , Adams said he had glanced at his phone when he heard gunshots , then sprung into action as he saw people scrambling around him . "  I just threw the frigging stool at him , legs first , " he said in a statement published on the official Seattle police blog . Police said his actions allowed three people to escape while a man armed with two handguns attacked . The shooting left four people dead and one person critically injured inside Cafe Racer , a peaceful coffeehouse in the city 's University District . A second shooting , about a half-hour later near downtown Seattle , left a woman dead , authorities said . The suspect in both shootings , identified by police as Ian Stawicki , died Wednesday night , several hours after he shot himself in the head as a five-hour police manhunt came to an end . Witnesses told police the gunman began shooting after an employee at the coffee shop asked him to leave . Police said that a new piece of evidence investigators viewed Thursday showed the gunman opening fire in the cafe , where patrons were reading books and chatting over coffee . "  One person stands up , looks like he 's going to go outside for a minute . At that point the suspect stands up and starts shooting ... and then just goes down the bar . He chases a few people , " Pugel said . "  At that time he 's been hit by the stool , twice . He completes the shooting , puts the guns in his pockets , actually took a hat from one of the victims , put it on his head and walked out . " Stawicki , Adams said , "  looked at me like he did n't -LSB- care -RSB- at all . He just moved towards the rear of the bar instead of dealing with me at all , and I just brushed past him . He was on a mission to kill my friends . " Police said they were shocked by the apparently senseless violence . "  In my almost 30 years in this department I 've never seen anything more horrific and callous and cold , " Deputy Chief Nick Metz said . Witnesses described the shootings in several 911 recordings released by police Thursday . "  Someone came in and shot a bunch of people . I 'm hiding in the bathroom . We need help right away . ... There 's people down all over the place out there , " one man calling from Cafe Racer said . A female caller told dispatchers she saw a gunman assaulting a woman in a parking lot in downtown Seattle , then shooting her , stealing her black Mercedes and running her over as he sped away . Authorities will continue their investigation into the shootings for several weeks but are "  very confident " that Stawicki is the only suspect , Pugel said . The violence left Seattle reeling Thursday . "  Our department and the whole city is just trying to catch its breath " after the shooting , Metz said . Two of the victims at Cafe Racer were members of a local folk band , God 's Favorite Beefcake , according to CNN affiliates . They were found dead at the coffeehouse . A woman and a man died later at a hospital . A fifth person was in critical condition , police said , but was not expected to survive . The suspect 's brother , Andrew Stawicki , told The Seattle Times that Ian Stawicki had long struggled with mental illness , but refused to talk about that or his anger . "  Someone like that is so stubborn , you ca n't talk to him , " he told the newspaper . "  It 's no surprise to me this happened . We could see this coming . Nothing good is going to come with that much anger inside of you . " A Wednesday night meeting was held in the city 's Central District , where Mayor Mike McGinn and police officials discussed a recent spike in violence in Seattle , KOMO reported . "  If violence is a disease , our city is infected , " said Paul Patu , of the city 's Youth Violence Prevention Council , according to CNN affiliate KCPQ . "  When old people are afraid of young people , something is wrong . We have to commit to getting to know each other and stop being strangers . " Seattle , a city of about 600,000 , recorded 20 homicides in 2011 , according to Police Department statistics . Wednesday 's shootings bring 2012 's year-to-date total to 21 , according to KOMO . Two cases have been cleared , and seven arrests were made . Two other people have died in random shootings in Seattle in the past month , according to CNN affiliates . In late April , a 21-year-old woman died in an apparently random drive-by shooting near downtown . And a 43-year-old man died last week while driving down the street with his family . Police said the gunman 's intended target in that shooting was another person involved in a dispute with the gunman . No arrests have been made in either case . On Saturday , a bystander was wounded near the city 's landmark Space Needle when he was struck by a bullet allegedly fired by a gang member involved in a dispute with another man , according to KIRO . McGinn acknowledged at a news conference that the violence had shaken the city , KIRO reported . "  It 's going to take our political leaders coming together to give our police officers the support and tools they need to do their jobs , " he said .	The Seattle Times identified the hero as Lawrence Adams , 56 Adams says he promised self not to be a bystander in a crisis after brother died in 9/11 attack Police say his actions saved three lives
CNN  -- Consider it the taxonomist 's equivalent of a People magazine 's Most Beautiful List . An international committee made up of scientists and related experts has announced its top 10 of nearly 18,000 new species named in the previous year , according to a news release from the International Institute for Species Exploration , part of the State University of New York 's College of Environmental Science and Forestry . The alphabetical list was launched in 2008 and is released each May 23 , the birthday of 18th-century Swedish botanist Carolus Linnaeus , who is considered the father of modern taxonomy . It is "  a way to call attention to species that are going extinct faster than they are being identified , " the institute said in the release . Scientists believe 10 million species await discovery , five times the number that are already known to science . The Top 10 New Species of 2014 Olinguito  Bassaricyon neblina Location : South America This small mammal with fluffy red-orange fur , a short bushy tail , and an adorable , rounded face has leapt onto the raccoon family tree . Last summer , Scientists at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington announced the discovery of a new species of mammal called the olinguito  pronounced oh-lin-GHEE-toe  -- the first mammalian carnivore species to be newly identified in the Americas in 35 years , according to Kristofer Helgen , curator of mammals at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History . Previously , scientists had assumed that olinguitos were members of their sister species , the olingos , Helgen said in August when the discovery was announced . Olingos are larger , less furry and have longer faces than the newly discovered species . Researchers say the olinguito primarily eats fruits , but also insects and nectar , and its activity is mostly at night . The animal lives in the trees and can jump from one to another . At about 2Â 1/2 feet long from nose to tail , the olinguito weighs about 2 pounds and is a little smaller than a house cat . The olinguito 's misty , high-elevation habitats in Colombia and Ecuador , and the tendency for the animal to stay in the trees , helped keep the species relatively obscure to scientists previously , Helgen said . Kaweesak 's Dragon Tree  Dracaena kaweesakii Location : Thailand With its significant height and trunk diameter and multiple branches , it 's hard to believe that the Dracaena kaweesakii went undiscovered until now . The species , a relative of the Canary Island dragon tree , was identified on the limestone hills and mountains of Thailand . Cream-colored flowers with bright orange filaments bloom from the tree . Because of the low number of plants -- about 2,500 -- scientists believe the tree is endangered . ANDRILL AnemoneI  Edwardsiella andrillae Location : Antarctica Scientists with Antarctic Geological Drilling Program  ANDRILL  were studying ocean currents under Antarctica 's ice shelf . Setting out to test a camera-equipped robot , they discovered the Edwardsiella andrillae actually living in the ice . The sea anemones are less than an inch long and have between 20-24 tentacles that protrude in the chilly waters . While Antarctica is full of variations of sea anemone , these are the only known to actually live in the ice and it 's still uncertain how they are able to withstand the harsh conditions in which they live . Skeleton Shrimp  Liropus minusculus Location : California The Libropus minusculus gives whole new meaning to "  popcorn shrimp , " though the skeleton shrimp likely wo n't be showing up on any seafood buffets any time soon . The male measures just 3.3 millimeters  about an eighth of an inch  and the female is even smaller -- just 2.1 millimeters . The translucent crustacean was collected from a cave on Santa Catalina , off the coast of Southern California . Orange Penicillium  Penicillium vanoranjei Location : Tunisia This "  new fungus among us , " is bright orange when produced in colonies . The fungus was identified in a journal published by the National Herbarium of the Netherlands , and was named as a tribute to the Dutch royal family , specifically His Royal Highness the Prince of Orange . This new species "  was isolated from soil in Tunisia , " the release said . Leaf-tailed Gecko  Saltuarius eximius Location : Australia You might have to look hard for this gecko . Not only was it discovered in an isolated rainforest in the Melville Range of eastern Australia , but its long , slender body , short head and spotted coloring help the creature stay hidden in the rocky terrains where it lives . Despite its characteristically "  leaflike " wide tail , which also serves as camouflage , the gecko only measures around 4 inches long . The Saltuarius eximius tends to sit and wait for its prey and usually comes out at night . Amoeboid Protist  Spiculosiphon oceana Location : Mediterranean Sea At 4 to 5 centimeters in length  1Â 1/2 to 2 inches  , the Spiculosiphon oceana is one of the largest unicellular organisms in the Mediterranean Sea . The body of the creature is stalklike , expanding to a bulb with spicules , like microscopic tentacles , that absorb food like a sponge . The Spiculosophon oceana lives off the southeast coast of Spain in underwater caves . Clean Room Microbes  Tersicoccus phoenicis Locations : Florida and French Guiana In an effort to prevent unauthorized earthly organisms from making their way into space , NASA makes every effort to disinfect rooms where spacecraft are assembled . Yet , it was in two of these "  clean rooms " -- 2,500 miles away from each other -- at Kennedy Space Center in Florida and European Space Agency in French Guiana -- where the microbial species Tersicoccus phoenicis was discovered . The berry-shaped bacteria can withstand stresses such as drying , chemical cleaning , ultraviolet treatments and lack of nutrients , and also show elevated resistance to spacecraft sterilization methods such as heating and peroxide treatment . Itsy bitsy dinosaur was T. rex cousin Tinkerbell Fairyfly  Tinkerbella nana Location : Costa Rica Do n't let the name fool you -- while Tinkerbella nana evokes images of Peter Pan 's angelic fairy friend , this species , found in rainforests of Costa Rica , is the newest member of the wasp family . Tinkerbella nana measures 250 micrometers  0.00984 inches  long , just 2.5 times the width of a human hair . Dr. John Noyes , one of the scientists who made the discovery , called finding the insect "  the equivalent to finding a solitary needle in 200 haystacks . " 9 places on Earth we know very little about Domed Land Snail  Zospeum tholussum Location : Croatia The land snail was found nearly 3,000 feet below the surface of the Lukina Jama-Trojama caves . Its nearly translucent shell gives the animal a ghostly appearance , the release said , and the species does n't have eyes . At just 2 millimeters in length , this "  slower than a snail " snail may cruise the water currents or take a ride atop a bat or a cricket to get where it 's going , scientists believe . Rare goblin shark caught CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	International Institute for Species Exploration lists its annual top 10 news species list The announcement coincides with the birthday of taxonomy pioneer Carolus Linnaeus Nearly 18,000 new species were named in 2014 , according to
Washington  CNN  Washington was rocked late Thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the U.S. Census Bureau 's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons . The shootings were connected , authorities said . They began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , according to D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier . The suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau , which is in Suitland , Maryland . A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing . That guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , said Prince George 's County Fire Department spokesman Mark Brady . The guard was in extremely critical condition , according to Brady . The police chief said the suspect then fled the scene . Officers picked up the chase , and the suspect fired gunshots at multiple locations , Lanier said . The chase ended in a crash on Washington 's busy H Street . A shootout ensues , Lanier said . An officer and the suspect were wounded , according to the police chief . Both were conscious and talking when they left the scene . "  Right now , we have every reason to believe that the car that we have in this last incident here is the same car involved and the same person involved in the kidnapping , " she said . Lanier told reporters the kidnapping victim was located and is in good condition . She did not identify the suspect , nor the guard , nor the officer who were injured . Steve Brusk reported from Washington . Dana Ford wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho also contributed to this report .	Authorities believe the two shootings are connected A suspect leads police on a wild chase , firing at multiple locations A Census Bureau guard is in critical condition , a fire official says
CNN  -- What do you do if you 're a "  crazy kid " growing up in Utah ? You clip on your skis and go downhill fast -- very fast -- that 's what . "  I 'd say most of the time I 'm basically on the verge of crashing , " Ted Ligety -- the "  King of Schladming " and arguably the best male skier in the world right now -- told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The fastest way down is just being -- one little slip up and you are done -- so that 's the fastest way to go down . We 're riding a fine line most of the time . " Known as "  Ted Shred " for his fearless attitude on the piste , Ligety 's approach to gravity -- traveling at speeds that even motorists might start to feel nervous about -- has served him well since making his pro debut a decade ago . See Ligety 's downhill run via headcam "  For me I think it 's one of the most fun sports out there too because it 's such an adrenaline rush -- you 're just using gravity , " he said . "  We have courses where you reach speeds of 100 mph  160 kph  so it 's very unique in those ways . " Securing a stunning hat-trick of titles at this month 's world skiing championships in the Austrian resort of Schladming , the 28-year-old from Park City matched a feat last achieved by the legendary Jean-Claude Killly back in 1968 . In doing so he all but singlehandedly hoisted the United States to the top of the medals table in Austria . Those victories in the super-G , super combined and his specialty giant slalom , where he was defending his 2011 title , showed Ligety 's all-round versatility and catapulted him to superstar status . No-nonsense approach Not that he is letting his recent success go to his head . The American has even bigger goals ahead -- trying to overhaul Austrian Marcel Hirscher at the top of this season 's overall World Cup standings and then challenging for gold at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics . "  I still believe the overall  World Cup  title winner is the No. 1 skier in the world , " Ligety said . "  I have been having a great season but I 'm a little way back in the overall , so to me Marcel Hirscher is the No. 1 in the world . "  I had a really hot couple of weeks and luckily that fell during the world championships . I am hopeful I can continue the success of the worlds into the other events besides giant slalom . " Ligety 's no-nonsense approach and relentless quest for improvement means he has swerved the media hullabaloo which accompanies his fellow U.S. teammates such as Lindsey Vonn and Bode Miller . "  I 'm not doing ski racing to become famous . I do it because I love it and I 'm competitive . That 's what drives me . My main focus is on ski racing , not the red carpet , " he states on his official website . Vonn 's fall in the women 's super-G at Schladming , suffering a serious knee injury , brought her season to a premature end , and with Miller still recovering from a knee injury of his own , Ligety might have to start getting used to a more intensive media glare . Unexpected triumph Suddenly all the attention is on him , and even he admits that his success was a little unexpected . "  I knew I had very good chances at medals in both the super-G and combined , but to win both was definitely a surprise , " he said . "  My main goal for the worlds was to defend my giant slalom title , so winning the super-G and combined added a little extra pressure . "  I was so focused on the giant slalom I did n't realize what I had done until it was over . Though it 's still hard to fathom that I won three golds and that it has not been done since Killy in 1968 . " There is also the smaller matter of Sochi 2014 , where Ligety hopes to add to the Olympic gold he won as a 21-year-old in the super combined at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin . Ligety insists he is "  not focused on the Olympics yet " but memories of his earlier success leave a warm glow . "  Winning the gold medal in the 2006 Olympics was pretty surreal , " he said . "  I still kind of shake my head when I think about winning the gold medal because I was so young and it was really cool to win the gold . To hear the national anthem and stand on top of the podium was a really surreal experience . " While his career is on an upward trajectory , Ligety downplays suggestions that he will be carrying main U.S. hopes at the Russian resort next February . "  It 's far enough away so much can change between now and then . Bode and Lindsey should be healthy for the Olympics so we will have a very strong team besides myself . " Commercial venture That 2006 victory opened up other commercial opportunities , and Ligety cleverly exploited his nickname to start a similarly-titled company specializing in custom-made helmet and goggle combinations . "  I was a crazy kid and would go straight line moguls and was willing to push myself to another level . And , you know , it rhymes with Ted , so ` Ted Shred ' was what I was called . " Ligety may have had a wild streak as a teenager , but he has adopted the same levelheaded approach to business as his skiing career , partnering a friend who brought technical expertise to the venture . "  It 's nice to have the distraction of running a company . I would n't say I do the day-to-day business side of it just because it would be impossible with my schedule , but it 's a fun distraction to take it away from the grind of always traveling and ski racing . " His products are worn by a growing number of fellow World Cup skiers , including Alexis Pinturault , a young Frenchman who beat Ligety into third place as he claimed his maiden World Cup giant slalom win at Garmisch-Partenkirchen last weekend . It was a rare defeat in giant slalom this season for Ligety , who has taken advantage of a change in the length of skis and their turning circle to dominate the discipline . Outspoken critic Ironically , Ligety was an outspoken critic of the rule changes introduced by world governing body , the FIS , and was perplexed that as a leading competitor he was n't consulted on the changes . "  I was n't even talked to about it or asked if I thought it was a good idea , it just happened and I thought it was done in a very improper manner , " he said . He quickly put that lack of consultation to one side when he won an early-season race by more than two and a half seconds -- the margins are usually tenths of seconds -- and Ligety is still waiting for the rest of the world to catch up . The American believes the new regulations play to his strengths as a near 10-year veteran of the circuit and because of his style of starting the turns around the gates a little earlier and finishing a little later . "  It allows me to be cleaner on the edge and accelerate more out of the turns , " he said . Using gravity As a youngster he was inspired by the exploits of Tommy Moe -- "  my first ski hero " -- who won gold and silver at the 1994 Winter Games in Lillehammer . Skiing since the age of two , Ligety started competing seriously as a 10-year-old , progressing through the ranks to make the full U.S. ski team by the team he had left high school . However , his early Olympic success in Turin , becoming the first American since Moe to claim a skiing gold , was not matched in the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver where he finished fifth behind teammate Miller in his super combined title defense . A ninth place finish in the giant slalom was also a disappointment . But 2011 saw Ligety claim his first world title , winning the giant slalom at Garmisch and then going on to clinch his third World Cup crown in his favored discipline . For Ligety , the 2013-14 season will bring promise of finally winning the overall World Cup title -- "  that 's been my goal since I was a little kid " -- and truly cementing his status as the No. 1 racer . "  I think a lot of guys are faster skiers than me but they might not necessarily have the same mental fortitude as me , " he said . Ligety will spend the offseason hanging out with friends , taking part in other sports such as mountain biking and keeping track of the progress of his favorite basketball team -- the Utah Jazz . Then the hard work will begin in his quest for World Cup and Olympic glory : six months on the road with the U.S. team when he hopes to fulfill his remaining ambitions in alpine racing . "  I just try to work hard and play hard and have fun with it . "	Ted Ligety won three gold medals at the 2013 World Championships in Schladming The 28-year-old American first man for 45 years to achieve the hat-trick Ligety won super combined Olympic gold at the 2006 Winter Olympics Nicknamed "  Ted Shred " for his fearless behavior as a young skier
Singapore  CNN  -- While economists fret whether the sharp "  V " - shaped drop of the financial crisis will turn into a double-dipped "  W " recovery , Tan Pheng Hock is most worried about the "  P " word : Protectionism . His Singapore-based ST Engineering builds aerospace and transport systems and control centers . Most of the group 's $ 3 billion in revenues come from exports . "  When you have protectionism it breeds like a disease whereby people become so dependent on it , " Tan said . "  The moment you remove it you get lots of resistance . " As the business and government leaders gather for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit , Tan has good reason to be concerned . Few economies have borne the brunt of the financial crisis -- or the "  financial tsunami , " as many Asian nations call it -- as has export-driven Singapore . The city-state 's economic output took a record fall , with its GDP dropping 9.5 percent in the first quarter of this year , according to government statistics . Singapore lives and dies by the global economy . With no natural resources and a small domestic market , in a generation the city-state transformed itself from the third world British colony into a first world economic power by building its economy on exports and business services . While Singapore 's economic health is quickly rebounding -- second quarter GDP was down only 3.5 percent , the best performance since the financial crisis exploded in September last year -- protectionist winds threaten to shatter any nascent recovery . "  With the crisis we 've been through there have obviously been some protectionist tendencies beginning to rise , particularly in the Western world , " Tan said . "  I hope we will see those quashed during the course of this week  at APEC  . " Although APEC was built as an avenue to promulgate freer trade among Pacific Rim economies , the first salvos of trade disputes between China and the U.S. have many concerned . In September , the U.S. placed tariffs on Chinese made automobile tires ; China responded by cutting off imports of poultry parts  including chicken feet , a delicacy in China  and auto parts . More recently , China has begun an investigation whether Washington bailouts of U.S. carmakers constitutes unfair government supports of U.S. cars sold in China . The fact that the leaders of the two nations will be gathering here on Saturday ahead of U.S. President Barack Obama 's first visit to China puts implicit pressure to reduce the protectionist rhetoric , said Tan Khee Giap , chairman of the Singapore National Committee for Pacific Economic Cooperation Council . "  At least they have to say that they will resist any form of protectionism at meetings like this , " Tan said . Whether words will match deeds remains an open question . A survey of 400 business leaders released Wednesday by the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council found a majority of those polled believe protectionism is likely to increase if the global recovery stalls . CNN 's Andrew Stevens and Kevin Voigt contributed to this story .	Singapore 's 2Q GDP down 3.5 percent , best performance since crisis hit Performance follows 1Q GDP drop of 9.5 percent Trade disputes between China , United States have many concerned APEC meeting may help reduce protectionist rhetoric , observer says
CNN  -- Facebook says a hack that exploited some Web browsers was responsible for a flood of porn , violent images and other graphic content that spread across the site over the past couple of days . Spokesman Frederic Wolens said Facebook 's security team had been working to identify the cause of the spam and that , by Tuesday afternoon , "  we have eliminated most of the spam caused by this attack . " "  We are now working to improve our systems to better defend against similar attacks in the future , " Wolens said in an e-mail . Earlier Tuesday , Graham Cluley , a consultant with Web security firm Sophos , said that "  explicit and violent " images had been flooding the News Feeds of Facebook users for the past 24 hours or so . Cluley wrote on the Sophos blog that the images included hardcore porn ; photoshopped images of celebrities , including teen pop star Justin Bieber , in sexual positions ; "  extreme violence ; " and at least one image of an abused dog . "  What 's clear , " Cluley wrote , "  is that mischief-makers are upsetting many Facebook users and making the social networking site far from a family-friendly place . " Several CNN.com staffers reported seeing some of the images by Tuesday morning . Facebook 's Wolens said that users were tricked into pasting malicious script into their browser URL bars , causing them to unknowingly share the offensive content . He said no data or account information was compromised during the attack . The blog AllFacebook reported that the social-media giant had been quietly taking down the images for most of the day Tuesday . Writer Jackie Cohen said a request for comment on the images merely got a reply thanking her for "  flagging " the images . "  The fact that these photos spread for as long as 48 hours unchecked -LSB- shows -RSB- how much Facebook relies on individual users to flag inappropriate content : people were commenting on the images more than flagging them , " she wrote . Users were , understandably , distraught . "  Seeing a dead dog on my Facebook news feed ... . Officially deactivating it , " said one Twitter user in a post collected by Sophos . "  I saw a dead dog , Justin Bieber -LSB- performing a sex act -RSB- and a naked grandma , " said another . "  Time to delete facebook . " The Facebook statement said the site has built a mechanism to shut down pages sharing the links and contacted people affected by the attack with information about how to protect themselves . The site advised users never to copy and paste unknown code into their browser bars , always use up-to-date browsers and use the "  Report " links on Facebook to report suspicious activity when they see it . Facebook did not say anything about who may have been behind the attacks . With questions still abounding , speculation on the Web turned -- as it often does in online hacking cases -- the controversial "  hacktivist " collective Anonymous . A group claiming allegiance to Anonymous announced it was going to make November 5 "  Kill Facebook Day . " That day came and went with little noticeable activity . But last week , an Anonymous-affiliated group announced in a YouTube video that it had created the "  Fawkes virus , " a sophisticated tool that would attack Facebook . A handful of Twitter feeds widely acknowledged as being run by Anonymous members had made no mention of the Facebook posts Tuesday morning . At least two members had previously distanced themselves from Operation Facebook , saying it was doomed to fail and that Anonymous is not a cohesive group with unanimously approved goals . "  Using a simple Facebook account , the worm can be carried into other accounts with little or no interaction , " an automated voice says in the video posted on the account "  AnonSecurity157 . " "  We did not expect the intensity with which this would spread . " The video claims the worm can be controlled remotely and that once it 's fully understood it "  will use this to its advantage against corruption . "	NEW : Facebook hack exploited browsers to spread porn , violent images NEW : The site says most of the offensive material has been removed Members of hacker collective Anonymous claim they created a virus to attack Facebook Facebook : No data or account information was compromised in the attack
London  CNN  -- A golden cape woven from the silk of 1.2 million Golden Orb spiders has gone on display at London 's Victoria and Albert Museum . The richly-embroidered garment -- its bright yellow hue is the natural color of the spider silk -- is the result of a seven-year project on the Indian Ocean island of Madagascar . Using long poles , a team of 80 people worked to collect the spiders from their webs each day and harvest their silk before returning them to the wild . The project was the brainchild of American fashion designer Nicholas Godley and British art historian and textile expert Simon Peers , who have both lived in Madagascar for many years . "  The idea of using spider silk to create garments goes back 300 years , " Godley told CNN . "  The last significant attempt to succeed was at the turn of the century , when a French Jesuit priest based in Madagascar , Jacob Paul Camboue , experimented with ` milking ' spiders for their silk . " Peers had long been intrigued by the idea , and on a visit to his office , Godley 's imagination was sparked when he spotted an unusual-looking tool which Peers explained was for collecting silk from spiders . "  The idea never died , we kept revisiting it over the years , and eventually I shut my handbag factory so we could build a proper ` spidery ' and experiment with harnessing spiders and harvesting their silk . We found that it worked . "  We were amazed -- you stand there watching it happen and you start to question your sanity . Is this really happening , or have I lost my bananas ? "  We had 24 spiders harnessed up , the spindle was going , and silk was coming out . That was our eureka moment . We were over the moon , but it was just the beginning . " Scaling the project up proved a huge challenge -- only female Golden Orb spiders make silk . Hundreds of thousands of them were needed , and their cannibalistic nature meant the creatures had to be separated to prevent them from eating their neighbors . Godley admits that the properties of spider silk -- and the practicalities and costs involved -- mean that industrial-scale production for use in textiles is unlikely ever to succeed . "  From a fashion perspective , it 's impractical , " he told CNN . "  It 's a natural fiber , and it shrinks , so you ca n't wash or dry clean it , and obviously it is hugely expensive to produce , so how would you begin to price it ? " Instead , they simply wanted to prove that it could be done , and to create two items which could help revive traditional Malagasy weaving techniques and embroidery skills , and to showcase the talents of people working on the island . The four-meter-long brocade scarf , which was first shown at New York 's Natural History Museum in 2009 , was created using old Malagasy patterns , but as Godley explained , the inspiration for the cape , which made its debut at London 's V&A Museum today , came from the spiders themselves . "  After we finished the scarf , we wondered what to make next , and I really liked the idea of a cape , because of the fact that spiders cocoon their prey , wrapping them up , and I was intrigued by the thought of being cocooned in spider silk . " The cape is covered in images of spiders , plants and flowers , which took 6,000 hours to embroider , and those lucky enough to get up close have discovered that it is virtually weightless . "  We do a party trick where we get people to close their eyes and we put the tassels from the cape in one of their hands and ask them to guess which hand it is in . Half of them have no clue , and the other half get it wrong -- only a few guess , but only because of the warmth . "  The cape itself is like an invisibility cloak , you almost would n't know you were wearing it , and it has this mystical , ephemeral quality , just like a spider 's web , but also a permanence . "  A spiderweb is here today and gone tomorrow , but we have found a way to harness that and turn it into something lasting . " But despite working so closely with them for so many years , Godley admits he is still afraid of spiders . "  I am fascinated by them , but still frightened of them : Spiders are poisonous , and they bite people , " he said . "  I am slowly trying to overcome it , but it has n't stopped . " The Golden Spider Silk exhibition at London 's V&A Museum opens on January 25 , and runs until June 5 .	Cape and scarf made of spider silk on display at London 's V&A Museum Dozens of specially-trained handlers spent seven years collecting more than 1.2 million golden orb spiders Bright yellow , extremely strong silk was harvested from the spiders , which were later released back into the wild Cape is embroidered with spiders , brocade scarf is woven in traditional Malagasy style
CNN  -- Is ballet dying ? Isabella Boylston , the 27-year-old new principal dancer at the American Ballet Theatre , says it 's not . Born in Idaho , she started dancing at 3 even though no one in her family knew anything about it . Her love for ballet has taken her touring around the world . While ballet is still very much admired , this classical and rigorous art form is no longer enjoying the popularity it once had in its glory heydays . "  For most of the 20th century , including the entire post-war period , ballet was central to our cultural life . Now more than ever before it needs to be connected to the culture and the direction we 're heading , " says Jennifer Homans , a dance critic who has written about the history of ballet . Homans says the tremendous social changes that occurred after the 1990s affected ballet 's cultural prominence . The important question now is : What is the place of ballet in a rapidly changing and high-tech society where people like to watch three-minute YouTube videos or check text messages constantly ? To help revitalize ballet in the 21st century , New York University is opening the Center for Ballet and the Arts on September 22 . "  The big issue is the future of ballet . It is being reinvented as we speak -- and that takes time , talent and resources , " says Homans , who is the heading the center . With this new ballet think tank , and with dancers like Boylston who is full of optimism , will ballet leap gracefully into the 22nd century ? Time will tell . CNN spoke with Boylston about what it 's like to live and breathe ballet today . Why should we care about ballet ? Ballet is such a unique art form . You can say things through dance that you could never express in words , and ballet has the ability to touch people on a deep , abstract level . In some ways , ballet is more valuable now than ever . Everything today is so fast-paced and technologically overloaded -- people are constantly staring into computers or their phone screens for entertainment . But going to the theater to see a ballet is unique in that it 's completely live and in the moment -- unfiltered and unedited . It 's a real and tangible meditation . What sparked your passion for dance ? I was about 11 when I completely fell in love with ballet . I was going to this little ballet school situated above a tavern , and we had live piano music , which is really rare for ballet class at that age . My teacher would bring a bag full of silk scarves and at the end of each class we would each take one and dance around and improvise to the music . It felt so free and was the perfect outlet for my creativity . I also loved watching dance movies . I loved "  Center Stage " and "  The Turning Point . " Do you have a favorite character ? So far , it 's been Giselle . It 's about a girl who falls in love for the first time and she 's on this incredible high , then she gets betrayed and everything comes crashing down . She goes completely mad in front of everyone onstage and dies . In the second act she comes back as a spirit and finds forgiveness within herself . When I performed it this past season , I felt like I became her . It was so emotional , and I could feel so much support from the other dancers onstage . Everyone was invested in the story . Another favorite role is Odette/Odile in "  Swan Lake . " The Tchaikovsky score is incredible , and I love the animalistic swan imagery . It 's a fun challenge to play up the contrast between White Swan and the Black Swan . What are the 3 most painful things you 've ever had to do ? Most people do n't realize how athletic ballet is -- you have to be so mentally strong to be a dancer . One of the toughest things I had to do was Act 2 of "  Swan Lake " when I was in the Corps de Ballet . You have to stand very still on one leg in a position called b plus for what seems like an eternity , after jumping and doing hard dancing . Your feet cramp and everything hurts . When I first performed it as a teenager , I think I had tears streaming down my face . But then you learn how to pace yourself and it becomes more enjoyable . Another ballet is "  Theme and Variations , " by George Balanchine . It 's definitely one of the hardest things I 've done . You get unbelievably tired , to the point that it feels almost impossible to get through . I 've seen people throw up in the wings from exhaustion after it . It 's the same with Black Swan Pas de Deux from "  Swan Lake " . But , I do n't focus on the pain . We love what we do . And it 's the best feeling when you get through something really physically hard and the curtain comes down and you 've given it your all physically and emotionally . How many hours do your dance every day ? On average , I probably dance for 7 to 9 hours a day . We start every day with ballet "  class , " which is a series of exercises you do to maintain strength and warm up . That 's followed by rehearsals and sometimes a performance at night . What do you say to people who say ballet is boring ? They 've probably never seen a great ballet with great dancers . For instance , if you watch a bad football game it can be boring , too . Ballet has something for everyone to admire . If you do n't like the choreography , you can listen to the music , and if you hate that too , then at least there are beautiful people onstage . There are some young choreographers working today like Justin Peck , who make ballets that are the farthest thing from boring . We are making a dance film together that will come out later this year . Stay tuned ! Do your feet hurt all the time ? Actually , no . Your feet become accustomed to being en pointe and our pointe shoes are surprisingly supportive , taking the stress off your toes . Other parts of my body hurt though . Ironically , the harder I 'm working the less pain I have , because your body gets into crazy shape . Any indulgences ? I 've been pretty lucky and can eat pretty much whatever I want , especially when we are in season . On a show day I always have a bacon egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast . I do n't eat a lot of sweets . My favorite food is pasta , specifically bucatini all ` amatriciana , which I discovered when I was performing in Rome . And I love having a glass of wine after a show .	Isabella Boylston is a principal dancer at the American Ballet Theatre in New York City CNN spoke with Boylston about what it 's like to dance and why we should care about ballet Some in the dance community ask what is the place of ballet in a fast-paced , high-tech society New York University is opening Center for Ballet and the Arts to explore questions about ballet
CNN  -- A veteran New York firefighter who darted into a burning high-rise building looking for trapped residents has died . "  New York City and the FDNY suffered a terrible and tragic loss when one of our bravest , Lt. Gordon Ambelas , died while trying to save lives , " New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said . "  We have lost a real hero tonight , and our hearts are heavy . " Ambelas was one of more than 100 firefighters who responded to the blaze in Brooklyn late Saturday night , the Fire Department of New York said . Fellow firefighters found Ambelas ' unconscious body inside an apartment , de Blasio said . Ambelas was taken to Woodhull Hospital and was later pronounced dead . Two other firefighters suffered minor injuries . The fire , which broke out on the 19th floor of a 21-floor building , was controlled in about one hour . The fire was determined to be accidental . The electrical cord of an air-conditioning unit where the fire started was "  pinched between a bed frame and the wall , " according to Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro . Ambelas , who joined FDNY in 2000 , was recently promoted to lieutenant . "  I ask every New Yorker to keep Lt. Ambelas in your prayers , keep his family in your thoughts and prayers , " the mayor said . "  We are all very fortunate to have the men and women of the FDNY at the ready to risk their own lives so that each and every one of us can be safe . " Two firefighters killed in Boston blaze	NEW : Fire is ruled an accident from an electrical cord More than 100 firefighters responded to the high-rise blaze in Brooklyn Lt. Gordon Ambelas was looking for trapped residents in the high-rise
CNN  A federal judge on Wednesday denied a request to push back the trial of alleged Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who 'd requested a delay after last week 's terrorist attacks in France . In his order , U.S. District Judge George O'Toole wrote that his "  detailed review of juror questionnaires ... has so far confirmed , rather than undermined , my judgment that a fair and impartial jury can and will be chosen to determine the issues in this case . " Tsarnaev is accused of plotting with his brother and carrying out an attack near the finish line of the Boston Marathon that killed three people , wounded more than 260 and spurred a massive manhunt that terrorized the city for days in 2013 . Jury selection , which began last week , will resume Thursday . 13 things to keep in mind as the trial starts Tsarnaev 's attorneys asked Tuesday for the court to push back this process for at least one month , citing the Charlie Hebdo massacre and two other attacks in France last week that left 17 people dead , not including the three slain men purportedly behind the violence . "  This measure would allow some time for the extraordinary prejudice flowing from these events -- and the comparison of those events to those at issue in this case -- to diminish , " the lawyers wrote , noting how media outlets such as CNN , USA Today and the Boston Herald tied these attacks to the Boston Marathon bombings . The attorneys talked about the "  supposed parallels " between what happened in France and years ago around Boston , including "  the fact that the suspects were brothers , that they reportedly were influenced by the lectures and writings of Anwar al-Awlaki , that they were ` home-grown ' terrorists , and that they attacked civilians in a Western city . " "  It will take time for Boston-area residents ... to come to a reasoned evaluation of what , if anything , the events in Paris signify about the surviving alleged perpetrator of the Boston Marathon bombing , " Tsarnaev 's defense team argued . "  That process of reflection should come before -- not after -- the court has had its only opportunity to question potential jurors about possible bias and prejudgment of the defendant in this case . " The Boston case has drawn a great deal of international attention , though that spotlight is particularly intense in Massachusetts . The Boston Marathon is a venerated institution there , one that was shaken badly after two bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other on April 15 , 2013 , near the race 's finish line . A dramatic manhunt ensued that culminated four days later with the death of suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , and the capture hours later of his brother Dzhokhar , who 's now 21 . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was later charged with 30 federal counts , including using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death and malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . He pleaded not guilty in July 2013 . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	A judge says an impartial jury can be seated in the case of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Jury selection in the alleged Boston Marathon bomber 's trial should resume Thursday He and his brother are accused of planning and carrying out the deadly April 2013 bombings
CNN  -- What happened ? Tacloban , a city of more than 200,000 people on the eastern coast of the island of Leyte , suffered a catastrophic blow from Super Typhoon Haiyan , whose force brought a wall of water roaring off the Gulf of Leyte . The storm surge leveled entire neighborhoods of wooden houses and flung ships ashore . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , speaking from Tacloban airport , said terminal buildings had been destroyed not by the typhoon itself but by the storm surge that went on to the city several miles away . There were a number of people killed in this area ; locals said that while they were prepared for high winds and heavy rain , they were not expecting this sheer volume of water . Typhoon Haiyan : 30 members of one family missing after storm Hancocks said one man told her : "  If we 'd have been warned about a tsunami we 'd have known not to be in the coastal area . But the fact they warned of a ` storm surge ' ... we frankly did n't know what that was . We did n't know how deadly that was . " Aid worker Ned Olney , from Save the Children , said his charity had a team on the ground before the typhoon hit . "  What they report back that was around Tacloban was really a kill zone . They had a well-prepared emergency response team experienced at handling typhoons -- a harrowing experience -- and only just escaped . "  They were in a second-story building very solidly built of cement : The windows were blown out and the roof was ripped off . All their computers and response equipment was destroyed and they barely survived . What they said was it was remarkable that anyone survived , it was so severe . " Were warnings given and what could have been done ? Before the storm hit on Friday , President Benigno S. Aquino III warned that the nation faced a calamity . However , professional storm chaser James Reynolds , founder of Earth Uncut Productions , who only just escaped from Tacloban before it struck , said it was clear locals had no idea of what was coming . "  The Philippines is n't used to getting storm surges -- it 's not usually such of an issue so this would have caught people by surprise . They do n't associate typhoons with the rising water levels like that . " How to help Typhoon Haiyan survivors Asked whether he thought the message had got out that the storm could be the biggest ever to make landfall , he said , "  No , no , it ca n't have done . " It 's difficult to know where people could have fled to . Mass evacuations are a huge logistical headache anyway , but in a country like the Philippines , comprised of several islands , the relatively poor infrastructure would make it even more difficult . Elderly people told CNN 's Ivan Watson they preferred to stay put and wait it out rather than risk evacuating . No one simply anticipated such a massive storm surge . Sebastian Rhodes Stampa , United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination team leader , reiterated this point . He said one of his colleagues in the Philippines had told him that Typhoon Haiyan was similar to Typhoon Bopha which struck the southern Philippines last year , killing more than 1,000 people , but 100 times worse . "  It 's the intensity of Bopha but spread over a vast area , whereas Bopha was relatively geographically constrained , " he said . "  That gives you an idea of what the people of the Philippines are facing at the moment . " Is Typhoon Haiyan being blamed on climate change ? The Philippines government says it believes the super typhoon is connected to climate change and is urging governments to find a deal at climate talks taking place in Warsaw , Poland . "  We can not sit and stay helpless staring at this international climate stalemate . It is now time to take action . We need an emergency climate pathway , " said Yeb Sano , head of the government 's delegation to the UN climate talks , in The Guardian . Saleemul Huq , senior fellow at the International Institute for Environment and Development in London , said it was possible that weather events that once occurred every 20 or even 50 years would now strike every two years . "  Events like Haiyan could be the new norm , " he told CNN . "  The challenge for both rich and poor countries is how to adapt to them . "  All countries will need to adapt to extreme weather conditions . Even in London , for instance , a violent storm last month blew a part of my roof . The rich may have more to lose , but they may be less well prepared for it . "  The Philippines is relatively well prepared for storms -- but there are limits as to what good the precautions will do . In this case they were simply overwhelmed , and even the storm shelters collapsed . " How do other countries fare in extreme weather events ? In 1999 , 10,000 people were killed when a ferocious cyclone hit eastern India . Last month , the same region , the state of Odisha , formerly known as Orissa , was once again in the crosshairs as the region 's most powerful storm this century struck . But there was a much better outcome . One million Odishans were evacuated to shelters ahead of time . Only 21 people lost their lives . Thousands of others were saved . Extreme climate events may be worsening , but technology has helped to save lives . We 're now better than ever predicting the scale of storms and cyclones and we 're better than ever at getting the message out . Bangladesh is another country vulnerable to climate change , but it is one that has done most to adapt to future dangers , according to climate experts . Saleemul Huq , senior fellow at the International Institute for Environment and Development in London , said both countries had learned the lessons from the 2004 East Asia tsunami that left more than 200,000 people dead , according to the U.S. Geographical Survey . The main lesson learned from 2004 , Huq said , is that officials need to be clear with warnings . "  You ca n't expect complicated warnings to be understood : saying a storm has severity of level 3 or 4 means nothing to most people . Now it 's much better : you need to say simply when people must evacuate . "	Locals prepared for high winds and heavy rain , not expecting sheer volume of water Airport terminal buildings in Tacloban destroyed not by typhoon but by storm surge Hard to know where people could have fled to in region with poor infrastructure Climate change experts say challenge is how to adapt to extreme weather events
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- A second round of talks Thursday between Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders were fruitless , but both parties decided to keep talking . Ukrainian anti-government protesters observed a truce of several hours with police to give the negotiations room for success . Hundreds of protesters , who have been clashing with police in the capital , Kiev , since Sunday heard from boxer-turned-opposition-leader Vitaly Klitschko after the talks with Yanukovych . "  He said no to his resignation and cabinet resignation . " Klitschko told opposition supporters who want the government to resign and start early elections , among other demands . "  It does not make sense to negotiate with someone who intends to cheat , " Klitschko said . The sharp rhetoric was echoed by the President 's press office , which issued a statement after the talks . "  Unfortunately , for the second time , leaders of the opposition refused to declare the statement condemning extremist actions , " it said . The president 's statement goes on to say that "  negotiations will be continued . " On Wednesday Klitschko told supporters that he would lead them in an "  attack " if their demands for snap elections were not met . He accused Yanukovych 's government of having the blood of protesters on its hands after four reported deaths in the clashes . "  When we talked about canceling the new laws that make each of us here a criminal , we heard that maybe this can be a point of negotiations , " Klitschko said Wednesday . "  I will be with the people . If I have to fight , I will fight . If I have to go under bullets , I will . I will stand up for the people , because I want to live in a different country . " He added , amid the chants of supporters : "  If tomorrow the President does not make a step forward , we will attack . " Meanwhile , Prime Minister Mykola Azarov declined Thursday to apologize for the violence unfolding during the protests and told CNN 's Richard Quest that law enforcement officers acted within the law and did not have firearms . Police were merely responding to an effort to overthrow the government , Azarov said , adding that Ukraine was not in Russia 's pocket . Thousands of protesters have been braving the freezing cold to voice their anger against the sweeping new anti-protest laws . Old and young , they have been building makeshift barricades and weapons in the snow as they take on riot police . Foreign governments voice concern Washington has condemned the growing violence -- particularly against journalists and peaceful protesters -- and , alongside the European Union , has urged all parties to exercise restraint and find a democratic solution to the political crisis . The U.S. ambassador to Russia , Michael McFaul , tweeted Wednesday that he was "  watching with sadness " the events in Kiev . The U.S. Embassy in Kiev said in a prepared statement that it has "  revoked the visas of several Ukrainians who were linked to the violence " in response to actions taken against protesters in November and December . "  We are considering further action against those responsible for the current violence , " it said . Poland and Germany said their foreign ministers had spoken by phone to their Ukrainian counterpart , Leonid Kozhara , voicing their concern about the escalating violence . German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a statement urging the Ukrainian government to hold discussions with the opposition . "  We expect that the Ukrainian government secures its people democratic freedoms , especially to allow for peaceful demonstrations , to protect lives -- and that the use of force does not take place . We are not just concerned but appalled in the way certain laws were pushed through that would put into question such freedoms , " she said . Controversial law The clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia instead . The controversial new protest laws have sparked concerns they could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech . They include provisions barring people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies , from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission , and from traveling in convoys of more than five vehicles without authorization . A separate Interior Ministry order allowing riot police to use firearms came into force Tuesday , according to the official Ukrainian legislation website . Ukraine 's Institute of Mass Information , an organization promoting media rights and freedom of speech , said 36 journalists had been injured while reporting on the clashes in recent days . Ukraine 's national union of journalists called on the Interior Ministry on Wednesday to issue an order forbidding police from using violence against journalists . Ukraine 's future ties In December , despite weeks of protest by anti-government demonstrators , Yanukovych agreed to a deal with Russian President Vladimir Putin for Moscow to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . The tumult in Ukraine goes to the heart of its future ties with Russia and the rest of Europe . Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east . The protests have unfolded since November 21 , when Yanukovych changed his stance on the EU trade pact , which had been years in the making . The demonstrators say an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . Ukraine 's government says the terms needed to be renegotiated to protect Ukrainians better . CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard , Laura Smith-Spark and Susannah Palk , Christopher Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : Second round of talks between protesters and government ended without deal NEW : Both parties say negotiations will continue as protesters , riot police hold truce Ukraine 's opposition demands resignation of the government and vows to stay in the fight Ukrainian government demands protesters admit to extremist actions
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is not a subtle man . When he has an objective in mind , he is not above resorting to hyperbole , exaggeration , or apocalyptic scenarios to make his point . He has been crying wolf nearly as long as he has been in politics . For a very good reason : It works . And it works . And it works . Unlike the boy in the story who lost credibility when he sounded the alarm one time too many , each new iteration by Mr. Netanyahu is greeted with nods of grave concern . The latest edition of this long-running show was his appearance on "  Face the Nation " on Sunday . More than 20 years ago , Mr. Netanyahu solemnly informed us that , unless someone intervened , Iran would have a nuclear weapon within five years . That was one of the origins of the "  three to five year " mantra . Almost every year since the early 1990s , senior political figures , intelligence specialists and respected commentators have assured us that Iran would surely have a nuclear weapon in three to five years , sometimes less , unless Iran were forced to stop its mad dash for the bomb . It is not hard to understand the logic of this assertion . Israel itself managed to develop a nuclear weapons capability in absolute secrecy in only a few years . It was not alone . South Africa , India , even poor Pakistan with virtually no heavy industrial base , managed to develop nuclear weapons in secret within a decade or so of the decision to launch a determined program . By most accounts , Iran decided to restart its nuclear program -- started under the shah and interrupted by the Iranian revolution -- in the mid-1980s , nearly 30 years ago . This anomaly is almost never mentioned . Iran , endowed with a robust industrial base , exceptional engineering universities , a well-educated population , and a core of Western-trained nuclear scientists , has spent nearly three times as long on its nuclear program as other countries that were far less endowed . It still has no nuclear weapon . Why ? One answer may be the consensus of all U.S. intelligence services that the leaders of Iran have not taken a decision to build a bomb . They have openly constructed the nuclear infrastructure that would permit them to do so , but they have not taken a decision . Mr. Netanyahu did not mention that in his TV appearance . Instead , he was digging up his talking points from another crisis point in the past . Last Sunday , referring to Iran , he commented in his usual understated fashion that "  all the problems that we have  in the Middle East  will be dwarfed by this messianic , apocalyptic , extreme regime that would have atomic bombs . It would make -- a terrible , catastrophic -- change for the world and for the United States . " His prescription : The U.S. "  should ratchet up the sanctions and make it clear to Iran that they wo n't get away with it . And if sanctions do n't work and they have to know that you 'll be prepared to take military action , that 's the only thing that will get their attention . " Some 10 years ago , Mr. Netanyahu was invited to testify before the House Government Reform Committee concerning the prospective threat from Saddam Hussein 's Iraq and how to deal with it . At that time he assured the U.S. Congress that "  every indication we have is that  Saddam Hussein  is pursuing , pursuing with abandon , pursuing with every ounce of effort , the establishment of weapons of mass destruction , including nuclear weapons . "  If anyone makes an opposite assumption or can not draw the lines connecting the dots , that is simply not an objective assessment of what has happened , " he said . "  Saddam is hell-bent on achieving atomic bombs , atomic capabilities , as soon as he can . " He went on to advise : "  If you take out Saddam , Saddam 's regime , I guarantee you that it will have enormous positive reverberations on the region . " Mr. Netanyahu badly needs a new set of talking points . At about the same time that he was appearing on "  Face the Nation , " a group of 29 former U.S. officials sent a letter to President Obama offering an alternative vision of the situation in Iran today and how to deal with it . I was one of the signatories . It reads : "  The election of Hassan Rouhani to be Iran 's next president presents a major potential opportunity to reinvigorate diplomatic efforts to resolve the standoff over Iran 's nuclear program . We strongly encourage your administration to seize the moment to pursue new multilateral and bilateral negotiations with Iran once Rouhani takes office and to avoid any provocative action that could narrow the window of opportunity for a more moderate policy out of Tehran ... "  Diplomacy will only succeed if we are prepared to leverage existing sanctions and other incentives in exchange for reciprocal Iranian concessions . Further , in the leadup to Rouhani 's inauguration , it is critical that all parties abstain from provocative actions that could imperil this diplomatic opportunity . " Another letter to President Obama , sponsored by Rep. Charles Dent , R-Pennsylvania , and Rep. David Price , D-North Carolina , urges him to "  pursue the potential opportunity presented by Iran 's recent presidential election by reinvigorating U.S. efforts to secure a negotiated nuclear agreement . " It has attracted support from more than 90 members of the House of Representatives , including many Republicans . This is a crucial moment . A new president of Iran will be inaugurated in less than three weeks . We have a choice between the frayed talking points of the past , which point only toward a third U.S. war in the Middle East , or toward a newly energized diplomatic initiative that offers the Iranian leadership a way out of the strategic dead-ends of the past . There is no certainty that diplomacy will work . But the failure to try would be the true policy defeat .	Gary Sick : Israeli leader Netanyahu has been crying wolf on Iran nukes for 20 years Sick : He predicts that Iran will soon unleash an apocalypse , wants U.S. to get tougher But U.S. intelligence services believe that Iran has not decided to build a bomb , he says Sick : The new Iranian president offers opportunity to revive talks and resolve issue
CNN  -- An Iranian court has sentenced the so-called "  blogfather " of Iran to 19 1/2 years in prison , the semi-official Mashregh news website said Tuesday . Hossein Derakhshan was "  convicted of cooperating with enemy states , making propaganda against the Islamic system of government , promoting small anti-revolutionary groups , managing obscene web sites and insulting Islamic sanctities , " Mashregh reported . The 35-year-old Canadian-Iranian blogger and activist was also banned from journalistic endeavors and from joining any political parties for five years . Derakhshan was arrested on November 1 , 2008 , and is being held at the Evin Prison in Tehran , reported the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . Hamed Derakhshan , Hossein Derakhshan 's brother , was shocked when he discovered the news of Hossein Derakhshan 's sentence from an online news report . "  It targets exactly freedom of speech and expression . Maybe they are trying to make an example of him by giving him a heavy sentence , " Hamed Derakhshan told CNN . The Derakhshan family will appeal Hossein Derakhshan 's sentence . Hadi Ghaemi , executive director of the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , condemned the sentence . "  This is the longest sentence issued against a blogger in Iran , and it is solely because of his opinions and blogging . The sentence is meant to send a chilling message to the Iranian youth to stay away from the internet in practicing their freedom of expression , " Ghaemi said . Derakhshan 's blog , titled Editor Myself on i.hoder.com , gained worldwide notoriety . He got particular attention for helping other Iranians start their own blogs with step-by-step start-up guides published in Persian . Derakhshan also blogged on many political issues including freedom of expression , the Islamic Republic of Iran and Israeli relations in the Middle East . In 2006 Derakhshan shocked his followers when he visited Israel on his Canadian passport . "  He was reporting his trip minute by minute on his blog ... in both English and Persian . It was the first time that an Iranian was reporting the real life in Israel , " Hamed Derakhshan said . Shortly before his imprisonment Hossein Derakhshan began writing in support of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . "  He felt Ahmadinejad was doing good for Iran . At that point many Iranian bloggers did n't like his ideas . He believed in the system . He did not believe it was perfect , but he thought he could work with the system and make it better , " Hamed Derakhshan said . CNN attempts to contact Iranian authorities for comment were unsuccessful .	Hossein Derakhshan is 35-year-old Canadian-Iranian blogger Derakhshan convicted of anti-Islamic actions , cooperating with enemy states Derakhshan gained notoriety after being first Iranian to blog from Israel
CNN  -- "  Love 99 , Happiness forever " was the theme as 163 couples married in Taiwan 's capital on Thursday . Thursday was the ninth day of the ninth month of the 99th year since the founding of Taiwan . Also , the number nine is auspicious in Chinese , because it sounds like the word "  longevity . " The mass wedding ceremony was held at 8 a.m. at a pavilion of the Taipei International Flora Exposition . Taipei 's Mayor Hau Lung-bin served as the chief witness , and sent out his blessing at 9:09 a.m.The couples also received blessings from area temples , where bells were rung to celebrate the event . Among the couples married , according to the Taipei mayor 's civil affairs department : one couple who have been in love for 16 years ; one couple who 've had a three-year long-distance relationship ; and people with birthdays on September 9 .	163 couples marry at the same time , for auspicious reasons Thursday was the ninth day of the ninth month of the 99th year since the founding of Taiwan The number nine is auspicious in Chinese , because it sounds like the word "  longevity "
CNN  -- The Pentagon urgently investigated whether six American troops killed in Afghanistan on Tuesday may have died from enemy fire after their helicopter crashed , rather than from the crash itself , two senior U.S. officials said . "  We do not know how those killed were killed , " one of the officials told CNN . "  It 's unclear if it was the crash or contact with the enemy after the helo came down . " One person survived . It was the single-deadliest day for U.S. forces in Afghanistan since a helicopter wreck killed seven Americans and four Afghans in August 2012 . On Tuesday , the Pentagon said initial reporting indicated that six members of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force were killed when their Black Hawk helicopter crashed . Military officials cited potential mechanical failure and said at the time there was no indication of enemy activity in the area where NATO forces move around frequently . Later in the day , questions surfaced about whether the troops may have actually survived the crash and then came under mortar fire . "  We believe there was some sort of enemy engagement once the helicopter crashed , " one of the officials said . Both officials declined to be named because of uncertainty over what occurred . They emphasized strongly there had been no conclusion about the report of enemy fire . Crew members of a second helicopter flying in the area would be interviewed . Investigators also would look at the wreckage and conduct autopsies for clues . Names of those killed were not released . Interactive : Coalition troops killed in Afghanistan , Iraq Tuesday 's incident raised to 129 the number of U.S. troops who died in 2013 while supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . The vast majority were lost in Afghanistan . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Ric Ward contributed to this report .	U.S. forces were in helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan Pentagon received report that troops came under mortar fire after crash Officials say no conclusions reached yet in crash initially blamed on mechanical failure Tuesday 's toll worst single-day for U.S. troops since August 2012
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Ahri 's chin quivers , and his large dark eyes fill with tears the 11-year-old ca n't control . Holding Eka Jaya , Nuraini leads son Ahri , 11 , to the orphanage with dad Joni Lubis and brother Mohammed . "  Be tough . I am sorry you have to go , " his grandmother whispers while hugging him . His parents are taking Ahri to live in an orphanage . They swear they are not abandoning their son . "  I am not throwing my child away , " says his mother , Nuraini , wiping away tears . "  I just want him to get a proper education . I hope that one day he 'll do something useful for this country and help his brothers , because we are living in poverty . " The family lives crammed into a home that 's 17 feet by 17 feet in a poor neighborhood on the outskirts of Jakarta . Nuraini runs a small shop the family opened to try to make ends meet . Ahri 's father , Joni Lubis , collects bottles from the streets , selling them to plastic and glass factories . Watch Ahri say goodbye " Ahri 's parents make $ 2 to $ 3 a day , with about half of that going toward their daily rent . With the increased cost of living , what 's left just is n't enough to send Ahri to school and to feed him and his two brothers , 3-year-old Mohammed and 7-month-old Eka Jaya . "  I never imagined it would come to this , " Nuraini admits . But for many Indonesians , it has . More than 80 percent of children in child care institutions have both their parents , according to the most recent survey conducted in 2006 by the Indonesian government . A recent study by Save the Children , UNICEF and the government says Indonesia -- the world 's fourth most populous nation -- has more orphanages than any other country . This year , orphanages are reporting even higher number of parents giving up their children because they can no longer afford to feed them or send them to school . In the past year , the cost of living increased beyond many people 's reach . In May , a 30 percent fuel hike set off countrywide protests . Ahri peers intently as his mother signs off custody of him to the orphanage . The other children cram their faces up against the window to see the new arrival . At least half of them at the Putra Utama 1 orphanage have been through this before as well . "  The prices have gone up . -LSB- Families -RSB- ca n't balance their income with the prices , " orphanage staffer Utari says . "  By putting their children here , they are hoping that their children 's education will improve . " It does n't take long for Ahri to make new friends . Soon , he 's stuffing rice into his mouth and chatting with the other boys . His parents stand against the doorway and watch their son playing soccer . Here at least , there 's enough space to do so . "  If my son can adapt , then I am happy , " says Ahri 's father , Joni Lubis . "  I can see that it 's calm and peaceful here . That makes me happy . So does the school -- my son can be educated . " Nuraini adds , "  There has to be a better chance for my two other sons . " It 's all they can hope for : that economic pressures will ease so they wo n't have to face such a decision again .	Mother of three insists she is not "  throwing away " her first-born child Parents take 11-year-old to orphanage because they say they ca n't make ends meet More than 80 percent in orphanages have two living parents , Indonesian study says
