CNN  -- A professional BMX rider remained hospitalized Saturday in Las Vegas , Nevada , after he suffered injuries in a horrific crash during a qualifying run , officials said . Lavin , 33 , of Las Vegas , was rushed to University Medical Center after Thursday 's accident at the three-day Dew Tour Championship . Video showed Lavin soaring high over a dirt ramp before crashing to the ground . Lavin was wearing a helmet , tour spokeswoman Nicole Mancuso told CNN . "  T.J. is an important member of the Dew Tour family -- the Tour , athletes and action sports industry are all keeping him in our thoughts and prayers , " race officials said in a statement . Lavin 's mother told CNN affiliate KTNV that Lavin broke his eye socket and wrist , and is in a medically-induced coma to reduce swelling on his brain . She said she 's confident her son , a veteran of the pro dirt circuit , will pull through . The competitor remained in critical condition Saturday , hospital spokeswoman Danita Cohen said . Lavin , the host of MTV 's "  Real World/Road Rules Challenge " program , has won the gold at several X Games and has produced a music album , according to MTV . The Dew Tour was established in 2005 and features five events with a combined $ 2.5 million purse . Skateboarding and freestyle motocross are featured this weekend , along with the BMX competition . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Lavin remains in critical condition after Friday accident Pro dirt circuit bicyclist crashes in Las Vegas competition Lavin is the host of an MTV reality competition program
Washington  CNN  -- Ten years after an anthrax attack killed five people and awakened the nation to the dangers of bioterrorism , the United States remains largely unprepared for a large-scale bioterrorism attack or deadly disease outbreak , according a new report from the WMD Terrorism Research Center . The report , released Wednesday , gives the country mostly B 's and C 's for its ability to handle small-scale events , such as the anthrax letter attack of 2001 , and failing grades for its ability to handle large-scale events , like the global epidemic depicted in the movie "  Contagion . " Notably , the report gives the country a "  D " across the board for the country 's ability to develop and quickly approve medical countermeasures such as diagnostic tools and vaccines , which are crucial in outbreaks of all sizes . The bipartisan center , headed by former Sen. Bob Graham , D-Florida , and former Sen. Jim Talent , R-Missouri , is an offshoot of the congressionally chartered WMD Commission , which concluded early last year . In its report , the center says the U.S. has spent more than $ 65 billion on bio-defense during the past decade , but still has holes that leave it vulnerable . "  Today we face the very real possibility that outbreaks of disease -- naturally occurring or man-made -- can change the very nature of America , " the report concludes . Technology is also making it easier for terrorists to create deadly mischief , the report says . A small team of individuals with graduate-level training and readily available equipment "  could produce the type of bio-weapons created by nation-states in the 1960s , " the report warns . The threat is n't simply hypothetical , the report says . Ayman Zawahiri , the presumed leader of al Qaeda following the death of Osama bin Laden , is a medical doctor with a known interest in bioterrorism , having started a bio-weapons program in Afghanistan and Malaysia in 1999 , the report notes . The report 's authors say they recognize that budget constraints are preventing governments from addressing all of the shortcomings in current bio-terror preparedness . They recommend focusing on potential large-scale outbreaks , saying such preparations would automatically improve preparedness for smaller outbreaks . "  If you focused just on the ` F ' grades , you can pour a lot of money down that hole , " said the center 's Randy Larsen . "  If we work to make D 's into C 's , that is the best strategy for the nation . " Such a strategy will mean improving detection and diagnosis of large-scale diseases and attacks , improving the development of medical countermeasures such as vaccines , and developing methods of dispensing those countermeasures to large populations . Center President Lynn Kidder said that because of budget pressures , she is "  gravely concerned " about the nation 's ability to sustain gains in public health made during recent years . Government leaders need to understand that biomedical programs "  are not just nice-to-have programs . These are an integral part of our national security , " she stressed . The center stressed that one key to improving the nation 's preparedness is leadership . "  We have recommended that there should be someone in the federal government who has  bioterrorism preparedness  as their sole responsibility , " Graham said . "  That someone should be an individual who has the capability to direct and influence actions by the multiplicity of agencies that are involved and provide leadership to non-federal entities . " The office of the vice president would be an appropriate spot for that job , Graham suggested . The nation also needs to invest in "  purpose-driven science , " the report concludes . Scientific initiatives should focus on developing medical countermeasures to bio-weapons , environmental remediation , and bio-forensics to determine the source of attacks . Talent said the government should not follow the usual pattern of ignoring the threat until it is too late , and then throwing "  enormous amounts of money at it . " Instead , Talent said , the government should focus on the shortcomings identified in the report .	America is unprepared for a major bioterrorism attack or disease outbreak , a new report concludes Big concern is attack with biological weapons Hospitals could not handle deadly disease outbreak , says report
London , England  CNN  -- Lionel Messi 's form with Barcelona has been sensational again this season , scoring 34 league goals to help the club retain the Spanish title , but the burning question is whether he can reproduce that on the biggest stage . Messi , the 2009 FIFA world player of the year , has been hailed as the natural successor to Argentina legend Diego Maradona , who is now his national coach . He played in all 18 of Argentina 's World Cup qualifiers but netted just four times as La Albiceleste struggled to reach South Africa by snatching South America 's fourth and final automatic place in the last round . Some critics have questioned whether Maradona is capable of getting the best out of Messi , but the 23-year-old told CNN 's Pedro Pinto that the two have a close relationship . "  The truth is that Maradona has always been very nice to me , even before he was our coach and I took my first steps as a professional , " Messi said . "  Now that I have him as a coach , he 's even more close and he gives me a lot more of his confidence than he did before . " Is Messi better than Maradona ? The comparisons with Maradona have been inevitable , especially after Messi 's stunning goal against Getafe that evoked memories of his sometime mentor 's solo effort against England 24 years ago . "  He 's a legend in Argentina , everyone from a young age knows who Diego Armando Maradona is . At first , it was strange to have him as our coach . The truth is he was a little imposing . "  But afterwards , we started getting used to him and he 's been our coach for a while , so now it 's normal . Also , he 's really close to the players , he 's one of the guys , so there 's no problem . " He wears the No. 10 shirt made famous by Maradona , who won the World Cup for Argentina as captain in 1986 with a series of dazzling displays in Mexico . "  It 's very special for me to wear the shirt of the national team . I think it 's a beautiful responsibility to be playing with this shirt , especially with such a football-crazy country watching everything we do . It 's something very beautiful , " he said . Maradona has had well-documented troubles with drugs and his party lifestyle , even being kicked out of the 1994 World Cup , but Messi maintains a much lower profile off the pitch . "  I 've always had my family really close by , and my friends , " he said . "  The truth is that I 've never been one to go out much , to go out partying . I 've never had those problems because , yeah , my family has always helped me out with that . " The Rosario-born forward said that he is hoping to make the World Cup "  mine " despite the weight of expectations on his shoulders . "  I pray . Hopefully , it will be my World Cup , Argentina 's World Cup and that we hit the ground running and play up to peoples ' expectations and win the World Cup , " Messi said . Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? Messi acknowledges that Barcelona 's free-flowing style under coach Pep Guardiola gives him more chance to shine than with Argentina , where he has a different role . "  They are different systems and different styles and everything , no ? At Barcelona , Guardiola decided to use me more in midfield and that 's when I had more touches on the ball and played more around the front of the area . And well , I 've had the luck to be able to score more goals , " he said . "  People have an opinion and I respect it . I 'm the first person who wants to do well with my national team and perform like I do with Barcelona . I know that this is a really good opportunity for me and I 'm going to try to do it . " Messi insists he feels no extra pressure going into the World Cup , with Argentina 's first Group B match against Nigeria on June 12 , as the intense media cauldron in Spain has prepared him well . "  I already live with constant pressure to play well , to win titles and , as a result , I do n't worry about pressure , " he said . "  I do believe that Argentina is n't Messi alone . It 's a group where everyone is going to keep moving forward . "  Once I step onto the pitch , I try to concentrate and get myself into the game . Sometimes , it 's hard , but I try to stay focused when I step onto the pitch . " Who will win the World Cup ? Argentina are not among the favorites after struggling to impress under Maradona , and Messi admits that European champions Spain , five-time World Cup winners Brazil and 1966 titleholders England are the teams to beat . "  I think that right now , the strongest sides going into the World Cup are Spain , England and Brazil . They had a strong , easy qualifying and are very tough , " he said . "  But you have to show up in the World Cup , and in the World Cup anything can happen . "	Lionel Messi tells CNN he is determined to live up to high expectations in South Africa The Barcelona star has yet to reproduce his stunning club form on international stage He reveals that he has close relationship with his Argentina coach Diego Maradona Messi wears the same No. 10 shirt as Maradona and hopes to emulate his World Cup success
CNN  -- Forty years ago this week golf legend Gary Player scored one of his most memorable victories at the British Open and now he is willing Tiger Woods to do the same in the 2104 edition at Hoylake as the American battles back from injury and loss of form . South African Player was the last player to lead outright for all four rounds of the oldest major when he won at Royal Lytham and St Anne 's in 1974 , adding to an earlier triumph at that year 's Masters at Augusta . "  Woods is definitely the most talented man who ever held a golf club in his hand , " Player told CNN . But the former world number one has been troubled by injury this season and has only played once since March -- sidelined for the Masters and the U.S. Open -- and missing the cut at Congressional in his comeback event . Player believes golf is the poorer for Woods not being at the top of the leaderboard . "  We need this icon . He improves ratings and brings in more media attention to golf , " said the 78-year-old South African . "  And back home in South Africa a lot of young black players are aspiring to be a champion like him . " Player , who won nine majors and 165 tournaments in an incredible career spanning over 50 years , does however acknowledge that Woods is at a crossroads in his career . The 38-year-old American has not triumphed in one of golf 's big four events since his remarkable 2008 U.S. Open win -- his 14th major -- before a combination of damaging revelations in his private life and injuries sent his fortunes into decline . "  He has got a challenge on his hand and it would not be a surprise if he never wins another major , " admited Player . "  But if he does , he could go on to win quite a few more because he has what I call ` it . ' " That ` it ' the South African legend believes is reserved for the true superstars of golf : "  In my humble opinion you have to win six majors to be classed as a superstar , " added Player . Ahead of the Open 's start Thursday , Player also thinks that Northern Irishman Rory McIlroy has that quality and can build on his two majors -- perhaps with victory at the Lancashire seaside links . "  Rory is a wonderful player , an unbelievable talent , " said Player , who is also an admirer of current world No. 1 Adam Scott of Australia and fellow South Africans Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel , saying the latter has the "  most fantastic golf swing . " But for a dedicated and driven man such as Player there is no substitute for sheer hard work . "  Talent is one think , to apply it another . " He gives the example of American golfer Tom Weiskopf , who made golf look easy , but had to give best to players like himself and Nicklaus and perhaps never quite fulfilled his talent , with just a British Open win at Royal Troon in 1973 in the majors . This time 40 years ago Player came into the British Open having already won the U.S. Masters for the second time . "  I can remember it like yesterday , " said the South African . "  I was one shot ahead of Weiskopf and Dave Stockton playing the last and hit a nine-iron , tossed the club to my caddy and knew I was going to make a birdie . " That left him two shots clear of the chasing pair at Augusta , which he won for the third and final time in 1978 . Player then went on to win at Royal Lytham by four shots from England 's Peter Oosterhuis , but only after surviving a near lost ball on the penultimate hole of the final round and then famously having to play a left handed shot after his approach shot to the 18th rested against the clubhouse wall . It was held to be the archetypal example of Player 's tenacity and shot saving skills around the green , which was one of the keys to his prolonged success as a professional .	Tiger Woods plays his major of season in British Open at Hoylake Woods has already missed the Masters and the U.S. Open Gary Player celebrating 40th anniversary of his triumph at Royal Lytham Player believes Woods at a crossroads in his career
Actress Angelina Jolie announced in a New York Times op-ed article on Tuesday that she underwent a preventive double mastectomy after learning that she carries a mutation of the BRCA1 gene , which sharply increases her risk of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer . "  My doctors estimated that I had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer , although the risk is different in the case of each woman , " Jolie wrote . "  Once I knew that this was my reality , I decided to be proactive and to minimize the risk as much I could . I made a decision to have a preventive double mastectomy . " Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie Jolie 's mother , actress and producer Marcheline Bertrand , died of ovarian cancer in 2007 at the age of 56 . Jolie is 37 years old . In the Times op-ed , titled "  My Medical Choice , " Jolie said she finished three months of medical procedures at the Pink Lotus Breast Center in California on April 27 that included the mastectomies and reconstruction . Opinion : Jolie 's choice carries risks with benefits A mastectomy is an operation that removes all or part of the breast . She wrote that her experience involved a three-step process . On February 2 , the actress had a procedure that increases the chance that the nipple can be saved . Two weeks later , she had major surgery where the breast tissue was removed and temporary fillers were put in place . Nine weeks later , she described undergoing "  reconstruction of the breasts with an implant . " "  There have been many advances in this procedure in the last few years , " she said , "  and the results can be beautiful . " Why double mastectomies are up "  I wanted to write this to tell other women that the decision to have a mastectomy was not easy . But it is one I am very happy that I made , " Jolie wrote . "  My chances of developing breast cancer have dropped from 87 percent to under 5 percent . " BRCA stands for breast cancer susceptibility genes , a class of genes known as tumor suppressors , according to the National Cancer Institute . Hollywood applauds Jolie for going public with surgery Mutations of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes have been linked to hereditary breast and ovarian cancer . A blood test can determine if a woman is "  highly susceptible " to the cancers . Fellow actress Christina Applegate had a similar procedure in 2008 . She also had a mutation of the BRCA1 gene . My preventive mastectomy : Staying alive for my kids Jolie may be best known for title role in the "  Lara Croft " series of films , but she also won an Academy Award for best supporting actress in "  Girl , Interrupted . " She also received a Golden Globe Award and SAG Award for the same role . Opinion : Jolie 's brave message Jolie serves as a special envoy for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and has visited refugee camps around the world . The actress has been in a relationship with actor Brad Pitt since the mid-2000s , and they are engaged . The couple has three biological and three adopted children . In telling her story , Jolie acknowledged that surgery might not be the right choice for every woman . Tough choices in cancer gene fight "  For any woman reading this , I hope it helps you to know you have options , " Jolie wrote . "  I want to encourage every woman , especially if you have a family history of breast or ovarian cancer , to seek out the information and medical experts who can help you through this aspect of your life , and to make your own informed choices . " But for Jolie , the decision ultimately came down to her kids . "  I can tell my children that they do n't need to fear they will lose me to breast cancer , " she said . iReporters : BRCA gene not a death sentence	A blood test can detect if a woman is "  highly susceptible " to breast or ovarian cancer Jolie reveals she carries a gene that increases her risk for cancer Her mother died of ovarian cancer in 2007 Jolie is a U.N. special envoy and won an Oscar for "  Girl , Interrupted "
CNN  -- Every year there is talk of how the Champions League trophy will find itself lured back to Madrid for "  La Decima " -- or the tenth as Real Madrid refers to it . That could very well be the case this season -- but perhaps it will reside at Vicente Calderon for the very first time and in the hands of Diego Simeone , the manager of Atletico Madrid . On Wednesday , his side produced a fine display to clinch its place in the semifinals of the Champions League and in doing so ended Barcelona 's hopes in the competition . An early goal by talented playmaker Koke ensured Atletico recorded a 1-0 victory -- a result which gave the home side a 2-1 aggregate victory . Atletico , which was held to a 1-1 draw at Camp Nou in the first leg , should have had the game wrapped up by the interval after hitting the woodwork three times in the opening 20 minutes . Despite missing top scorer Diego Costa through injury , Atletico continued to look the more dangerous . Midfielder Gabi then missed a glorious opportunity in the second half to kill off any hopes of a Barcelona comeback but failed to score when in on goal . Barcelona 's best opportunity came through midfielder Xavi but he failed to convert a rare chance in front of goal . While Barcelona has won the competition four times , Atletico has never managed to claim Europe 's biggest prize -- losing out in its only appearance in the final to Bayern Munich in 1974 . Now it has the opportunity to win not just La Liga , where it sits top with six games to go , but also the Champions League . "  It was a very important goal because it got us through to the semi-finals , " Koke told Spanish broadcaster Canal Plus . "  The work of the team across both legs has been spectacular . "  We ran a huge amount , we played the two games in the way we wanted and I think we were the clear winners . "  With these fans behind us it is very hard for us to lose a match here . " Barcelona , which faces Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey final on April 16 , failed to impress despite the presence of Lionel Messi and Neymar in attack . Tata Martino 's side will now switch its focus to the league title race with Real and Atletico also in contention . "  We had the game within our grasp , " Barca midfielder Xavi said . "  We had four or five very clear chances that normally we would put away . "  They made the most of those first 15 to 20 minutes when they played with a lot of intensity and scored the goal , " Xavi told Canal Plus . "  I think after that we stepped up to the challenge and deserved at least a draw . "  I think we played two good games and had our chances in both legs but it slipped through our fingers . "  We can only congratulate all the Atletico fans . " The two teams will meet again on the final day of the league season at Camp Nou -- a match which could be spectacular if this fixture is anything to go by . Bayern cruise In the night 's other game , Bayern Munich survived a scare against Manchester United to book its place in the semifinals . The defending champion overcame its English opposition 3-1 on the night , 4-2 on aggregate following an entertaining second half . Patrice Evra 's fierce effort gave United a shock lead after 57 minutes but goals from Mario Mandzukic , Thomas Muller and Arjen Robben sealed the win . There were few who gave United any chance whatsoever of making it through to the semifinals of the competition given its horrendous season in the Premier League . Last season , under Alex Ferguson , United won the league title by 11 points -- this year it sits seventh and faces a struggle to even claim a place in the Europa League . Thrashed at home by rivals Liverpool and Manchester City , United performed admirably to record a 1-1 draw in the first leg against a rampant Bayern side . The German giant swept all before it last season -- winning the domestic double as well as the Champions League under Jupp Heynckes . Pep Guardiola , who won the competition with Barcelona in 2009 and 2011 , has already wrapped up the league title after his side stormed past its rivals . Its first defeat in 54 league games came against Augsburg on Saturday -- although Guardiola had taken the opportunity to rest players ahead of the United game . Bayern , without suspended duo of Bastian Schewinsteiger and Javi Martinez , enjoyed plenty of possession in the opening 45 minutes but failed to make any clear cut chances . Winger Robben flashed an effort wide of the post , while United 's best effort was ruled out for offside after Antonio Valencia had netted from close-range . While the first half may have been a rather dour affair , the second was a rollercoaster of emotion as both sides began throwing men forward in search of victory . And it was United which struck first with 57 minutes played when Evra fired home an unstoppable effort from 20-yards into the top corner of Manuel Neuer 's goal . That strike was wildy celebrated by players on the visiting bench but before they could even sit down , Bayern was level thanks to a fine header by Mandzukic . Buoyed by the equalizer , Bayern bean to scent victory and Muller tapped home a second after beating Nemanja Vidic to Robben 's cross . Robben added a third after leading the United defense a merry dance to round off the scoring and book Bayern 's place in the semifinal for the third time in four years . "  They scored the first goal so it was a tricky tie but in the end 3-1 was a very good result , " the Dutchman told Sky Sports . "  It was important to score straight after they made it 1-0 . It was a wake-up call because the first 10 minutes in the second half were a disaster - we were slow and were not there . "  You ca n't do that in the Champions League . After that we scored three goals . We wanted to attack and they were playing on the counter so you have to be careful . " The defeat means United will not compete in Europe 's top competition next season and heaps more pressure on manager David Moyes . Midfielder Michael Carrick says the absence of Champions League football at Old Trafford will be difficult to swallow . "  It was always going to be tough tonight and we 're not in the Champions League next season , not necessarily because of tonight , but because we have been weak and have n't been good enough over the season , " he told Sky Sports . "  We need to finish the season as best we can and get ready for next season and come back believing we can win the title and qualify for the Champions League next season . "	Atletico Madrid defeats Barcelona in Champions League Atletico wins 1-0 on the night , 2-1 on aggregate Reigning champion Bayern Munich into semifinals Bayern sees off Manchester United 3-1 , 4-2 on aggregate
Two Subway employees have been fired after getting fresh -- not in the way the restaurant chain intended -- including one who put his genitals on a loaf of bread , took a picture , then shared the image online . The incident came to light over the past few days at a Subway franchise abutting a gas station in Dublin , Ohio . Specifically , the uproar centers around two images that were posted to a social networking site and eventually picked up by other sites , including Gawker . One shows a male putting his genitals on what appears to be a loaf of Subway bread . In the other , a hand is shown holding what used to be a water bottle that 's half-filled with a cream-colored substance . Under it is the caption : "  Today at work I froze my pee . " Using the slogan "  Eat Fresh , " Subway boasts being the world 's largest restaurant chain , with about 38,000 locations in 100 countries . The company released a statement Tuesday about what it called an "  isolated incident  that  is not representative of Subway sandwich artists , " the latter term being what Subway calls those who make sandwiches at its restaurants . "  These actions are not tolerated and the franchisee took immediate action to terminate the two employees involved , " Subway said . Gilligan Oil , the company that owns and operates the Subway franchise in question , did not respond immediately Tuesday to CNN 's request for comment . But its director of operations , Bob Gierhart , did tell CNN affiliate WBNS that the restaurant was closed Monday so all its bread could be thrown out and all its surfaces could be sanitized . "  We do our best to hire properly , " Gierhart said . "  We had a couple of kids who do n't understand the ramifications of what they do and what they post . " According to Columbus Public Health , whose inspectors routinely check on restaurants in the area , the Subway franchise did not have any critical violations in its last two inspections that took place this past March and in October 2012 . The restaurant did have violations before then , according to information posted online , though all of these were corrected at the time of the inspections . The violations included things like problems with temperatures at which foods were being held , unsafe food not being properly discarded and employees failing to properly wash their hands . Prospective customers , meanwhile , expressed disgust after hearing of the employees ' behavior . "  I think I want to go home and consider puking , " Jason South told WBNS . " ... Sometimes these things kind of go on in fast-food restaurants , and most of us just really do n't want to know about it . " Patrick Gibson told the same station that he used to go to that Subway franchise because his co-workers told him it was "  the cleanest one around . " But that 's hard for him to swallow now , nor does he understand why the offending employees did what they did . "  I do n't get what the joke is , " Gibson said . "  I do n't get that it 's funny . " Read more : 10 people who learned social media can get you fired	Two employees at a Subway in central Ohio have been fired after posting photos online One showed genitals on a loaf of bread ; the other a bottle allegedly filled with frozen urine "  These actions are not tolerated , " Subway says in a statement After hearing what happened , a customer says , "  I think I want to go home and consider puking "
CNN  -- Investigators expanded their search into Texas Monday for a 7-year-old girl who was reported missing after her mother was found dead in Oklahoma Sunday night . Authorities also are trying to find the dead woman 's estranged husband , the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said in a statement . The girl -- Aja Daniell Johnson -- was reported missing from Geronimo , Oklahoma , late Sunday , the bureau said . Her mother , Tonya Hobbs , 37 , was found dead inside a parked RV Sunday night , the bureau said . Hobbs and her daughter were visiting Hobbs ' estranged husband , Lester William Hobbs , at his sister 's home , the bureau said . Lester Hobbs , 46 , and Aja are missing and are presumed to be in Hobbs ' car , said investigators who issued an Amber Alert to try to find her . Lester Hobbs is not Aja 's biological father , police said . Texas authorities also issued an Amber Alert , Texas Department of Public Safety spokeswoman Lisa Block said . Authorities believe Hobbs has connections to Rockport , Texas , and the alert was issued preemptively , she said . Tonya Hobbs and her daughter were last seen Saturday night . Authorities did not say how Hobbs died , but the bureau said investigators believe someone killed her . The RV belonged to Lester Hobbs , and was parked at his relatives ' home , Richard Goss , agent in charge of the state bureau of investigation 's Lawton , Oklahoma , office , told reporters Monday . Hobbs ' relatives became suspicious Sunday after they did not see Tanya Hobbs or Aja , and one of them pried open the door and discovered Tanya Hobbs ' body , he said . Lester Hobbs and Aja were gone , Goss said . The Hobbses were separated , but apparently Tanya Hobbs was visiting Lester Hobbs in an attempt to reconcile , Goss said . The couple had been together for about five years . A medical examiner was performing an autopsy , the bureau said , and police want to question Lester Hobbs about the death . He and the girl are believed to be traveling in his car , a white 1992 Toyota Paseo with Oklahoma tag number 577-BPW . The two-door car has no hubcaps , and the rear passenger window is covered in plastic , the bureau said . The Comanche County , Oklahoma , Sheriff 's Office said Aja has a medical condition that requires medication . "  Our main concern at this time is to find the little girl , " Sheriff Kenny Stradley told reporters . "  We know that she does need some medication , " and authorities were checking leads regarding that , he said . He did not specify Aja 's medical condition . Goss said Lester Hobbs has an extensive criminal history but did not elaborate . The Sheriff 's Office said he had prior felony convictions . Lester Hobbs was supposed to appear in court in Lincoln County , Oklahoma , on a DUI charge , Goss said , and did not appear , so a warrant has been issued for him . Aja 's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November , according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . At a hearing , Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl 's father , John Johnson , agreed that she would have supervised visitation with Aja and keep the girl away from Lester Hobbs , the documents said . Aja is 4 feet tall and weighs 59 pounds , Goss said . She has brown eyes , and her hair is brown with the ends dyed black . Lester Hobbs is about 6-foot-1 and 190 pounds , with hazel eyes and brown hair , according to the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation . The agency released a picture of him and said he has a mustache but no longer has a goatee . Geronimo is about 12 miles south of Lawton , Oklahoma , in the south-central part of the state .	NEW : Amber Alert issued as authorities extend search into Texas 7-year-old was reported missing after mother was found dead Sunday night Authorities seek mother 's estranged husband , say she , girl visited man at his sister 's home Man , girl believed to be traveling in a white 1992 Toyota Paseo
When I first saw Thug Kitchen in 2013 , I , like thousands of other people , was intrigued by a website -- anonymously penned -- that peppered its posts with phrases like "  Hydrate Mother F -- ker ! " and "  Antioxidants are all up in the B -- h ! " in an effort to promote healthy eating . So effective , it was hard to look away . Most compelling to me and my contemporaries was the site 's name , specifically the word "  thug . " As an African-American activist and author working to excite people to eat more healthfully  and create more access to fresh affordable food in communities most impacted by food injustice  , I have long thought about the important role of pop culture and online media in changing people 's attitudes , habits and politics around food . "  Start with the visceral , move to the cerebral and then the political " has been the mantra guiding most of my efforts . The pairing of vulgar , slang-heavy admonitions with big , bright , nutritious recipes was certainly visceral . But the more I read through the Thug Kitchen posts , the more skeptical I became about the cerebral and political aspects , if they even existed . I held out hope that Thug Kitchen was a ham-fisted attempt to craft viral memes that might positively influence the eating habits of the "  thugs " that the wider culture imagines when that word is used : young black men living in low-income urban neighborhoods . In her book "  Talkin and Testifyin , " linguist Geneva Smitherman describes how "  through song , story , folk sayings , and rich verbal interplay among everyday people , lessons and precepts about life and survival are handed down from generation to generation . " So , maybe this anonymous writer was a working-class young person of color attempting to engage in linguistically and culturally appropriate cyberoutreach to young folks with similar backgrounds ? Do n't fear the vegan While on a promotional tour in the spring for my latest book , "  Afro-Vegan , " I met a 30-something Philadelphia-based healthy eating activist who was focused on transforming the consumption habits of people by "  inspiring and improving the quality of life , one fruit and veggie at a time . Spreading the love , and knowledge , of an all plant-based diet . " This cat was affectionately known as the "  Gangster Vegan . " A less cynical side of me imagined someone like him , who seemed genuinely committed to transforming communities , or like YouTube 's outrageously fun "  Sista Girl , " Felicia O ' Dell aka Auntie Fee , as the blogger behind Thug Kitchen . If only . A week before the publication of the site 's eponymous cookbook "  Thug Kitchen : The Official Cookbook : Eat Like You Give a F**k " it was revealed that Michelle Davis and Matt Holloway , a young white couple living in Hollywood , created and maintained the site . Needless to say , audiences were surprised . Many critics accused the duo of playing around with a post-Internet form of blackface and ultimately benefiting from it financially . Some apologists denied there was anything specifically racist , or even racial , about the swearing and slang . Others cried foul at the critics , claiming that a little harmless inauthenticity was A-OK if it raised the profile of fresh , healthy foods and diets . Certainly , swearing is n't exclusive to African-Americans . But many of the site 's captions , usually dreamed up by Davis to accompany Holloway 's striking visuals , rely heavily on phrases from black rap lyrics , stand-up routines and films , which eventually went mainstream . "  Nobody needs mayo in their life ; " "  Calm your bitch ass down like a boss ; " and "  Do n't f * & k around with some sorry-ass ten-dollar takeout " are hardly the language of a "  Sopranos " mobster or "  Sons of Anarchy " biker . And that 's a problem . If Guido 's Kitchen were revealed to be the work not of a blue-collar , East Coast Italian-American , but of an Asian hipster living in the Bay Area , would n't his credibility be shattered ? The careful avoidance of putting any faces to the Thug Kitchen name for as long as possible  two years  suggests an awareness of the offense . It 's no coincidence that Thug Kitchen 's admirers often imagined the "  voice " of the site to be that of shrill , vulgar and often uproariously funny black men like actor Samuel L. Jackson or rapper Ghostface Killah , and not that of actor Robert De Niro or Hells Angels founder Sonny Barger . The contrast drawn between the consciously progressive dishes shown and the imagined vulgar , ignorant thug only works if the thug is the kind of grimy person of color depicted in the news and in popular media as hustling drugs on a dystopian block , under the colorful glow of various burger stands , bulletproof take-out spots or bodega signs . "  Those kind of people , " the visual gag suggests , "  intimidating you into ... preparing arugula or tempeh ? How absurd , how shocking , how hilarious ! " Whites masking in African-American street vernacular for their own amusement and profit is n't just the tired trope of cultural exploitation , which has a rich tradition going back beyond the bete noires of the moment , Macklemore and Iggy Azalea , past Vanilla Ice and Quentin Tarantino , and even beyond Madonna , Elvis and the minstrel shows of the late 19th century that first innovated modern American blackface spectacles . And it is n't just breaking some unwritten codes governing race and language , either . A common misunderstanding about racism , that there are hordes of sensitive , politically correct grievance peddlers waiting to descend upon people for saying the wrong word or idea , usually comes arm-in-arm with claims of reverse racism and a witch-hunt mentality of political correctness run amok that is as hurtful and divisive as the allegedly racist word or idea itself . Take Paula Deen and Donald Sterling , the sentiment holds , and how they are punished for merely saying a mistaken word or opinion in private that later became public knowledge  . Paula Deen and Southern food : Critics say credit is past due The worst offense here is the misrepresentation . As food historian Jessica Harris has noted , "  the traditional -LSB- West and Central -RSB- African diet and African-American diet are essentially ... a majority vegetarian " one . Concepts like farm-to-table , eating seasonally and eating locally , while increasingly popular in the mainstream , were not news to a community who was enslaved and brought to America generations ago to help develop the agrarian South . African-American cuisine may suffer from the stigma and stereotype of being based in fatty pork-based dishes and butter-heavy comfort foods , but in truth , that kind of meat-heavy , indulgent decadence was scarce for millions struggling under the oppression of segregation before the industrialization of our food system . When we peel away the negative stereotypes and reductive portrayals of African-American food , we see a diverse and complex culinary tradition with nutrient-rich foods like collards , mustards , turnips , butter beans , black-eyed peas , green beans , sugar snap peas and the like at the cuisine 's core . Urban farmer : ` If I do not farm , I 'll get sick . ' As of 2011 , for 57 % of African-Americans , the Southern United States is still home , and most of them come from families who have been close to the land for generations as sharecroppers and migrant agricultural workers . My grandparents , and those of many other Southerners , cultivated home gardens that yielded a number of the crops mentioned above . Many still do . First lady Michelle Obama 's advocacy of home gardens is n't trendy for her and millions like her who descend from the South : it 's traditional . Whether or not the hipsters and health nuts charmed by Thug Kitchen realize this , vegetarian , vegan and plant-strong culture in the black experience predates pernicious thug stereotypes . Said another way , the Thug Kitchen 's central comic conceit does n't jibe with reality .	Bryant Terry , an author and food advocate , was initially intrigued by Thug Kitchen The site , which promotes healthy eating , uses vulgar stereotypes to promote its message The creators turned out to be a white couple Terry argues against the misrepresentation of African-American food habits
Four months ago Narendra Modi emerged as the runaway winner of the world 's biggest election in history . It was a surprising , overwhelming mandate for his Bharatiya Janata Party : no other Indian party had won a clear majority in parliament in three decades . Modi was the clear face of the party , the man millions of Indians believed could better their lives . But who is Narendra Modi ? What makes him tick ? How has he evolved in his first role on the national stage ? And what is his vision for India 's foreign policy ? Modi has has not done any media interviews since becoming PM . Until now . CNN 's Fareed Zakaria conducted the network 's exclusive interview . As part of the CNN team that was there at the PM 's residence at 7 Race Course Road , I got to spend a bit of time observing India 's new , enigmatic , all-powerful leader . A lot has been written about Modi in the last year . What has n't gotten enough press -- a result of the lack of access -- is what PM Modi is like up close . Here are some thoughts about what I found interesting . Modi 's lighter side Modi has a reputation -- at least in the press -- of being a serious man , an intimidating presence . Having never met him before , I was struck by his lighter side . Modi had a natural , easy sense of humor , the likes of which I 've rarely seen when producing interviews with world leaders . When we were setting up for the interview , I asked him to do an audio test for us . "  What should I say ? " I asked him to count to ten . "  You 're testing my primary education as well today ? " The tension broke ; both sides were laughing . Twenty minutes through the interview , we realized Modi 's forehead had gotten shiny , perhaps because of the intense lighting . I stopped the interview , and asked our makeup artist to touch him up . "  My sweat is the product of sixty years of toil , my friends , " Modi announced to the room . "  Sixty seconds of makeup is n't going to help me ! " Again , laughter all round . Modi was playing to the gallery . OPINION : Memo to Modi : How to reboot India On foreign policy There were serious moments as well . One of the things India-watchers asked when Modi was elected was how quickly he would adapt to the global stage . Modi , after all , had little experience in international diplomacy . I 've previously written about how Modi has been quick off the block in engaging leaders of other countries . What struck me about Modi in person was how his foreign policy is rooted not in international relations theory , but in history . On China , Modi repeatedly referred to India 's historical ties with China , and how the two countries had for centuries risen and fallen in sync . When asked if he was worried about China 's growing assertiveness in territorial disputes in the East China and South China Seas , Modi said : "  India is different . It is a country of 1.25 billion people . We ca n't run our country if we get worried about every small thing . " "  At the same time we ca n't close our eyes to problems . We 're not living in the 18th century . This is an era of partnership . Everyone will have to seek and extend help mutually . China is also a country with an ancient cultural heritage , " he added . Modi pointed out how the world had changed since the 18th century . Back then , countries thought horizontally : they wanted to expand . Today , they think vertically , about building up their economies . Certainly , the suggestion Modi made was that he was thinking vertically -- and he was expecting his neighbors to do the same . OPINION : What India can learn from China Right or left ? Journalists often describe Modi as a politician of the right . He 's pro-business , nationalist , talks about a leaner , smaller government , does n't want to raise taxes . Indeed , he may be all of those things . But perhaps the left-or-right prism is a Western one , best applied to developed economies . Modi struck me as a populist . He candidly talked about growing up poor , about traveling around the country and learning about life from conversations with regular people . He defended India 's policy on subsidies . For rich countries , subsidies are a political agenda , he said . "  For poor countries , subsidies are a matter of life or death . " Modi explained he was not going to budge on bringing in FDI  Foreign Direct Investment  in retail  a change many economists have called for  because he believed in a different kind of FDI -- First Develop India . Work At the start of our interview , Modi told us about his working life . He said he wakes up at 5 a.m. every morning -- a childhood routine -- and often stays up working and reading until anywhere from 10pm to two in the morning . So , how does he unwind , asked Fareed . The answer surprised me . Modi used an analogy of a scientist obsessed with his laboratory ; his passion keeps him in the lab all day and all night . That , Modi said , was how he felt about governance . "  Work gives me relaxation too ... I draw pleasure in governance , in doing new things and bringing people together . That pleasure is all I need from life . " Rhetoric One thing I was n't surprised by was Modi 's rhetoric . Up close , his speech and rhetoric are as impressive as it had seemed to be on the campaign trail and on TV . He had clearly prepared thoroughly for questions he thought an international broadcaster might ask . He knew the right things to say -- even off camera . But great rhetoric also means great expectations . It 's too soon to judge Modi on results . For sure , CNN will be back later to ask and check if he has delivered .	CNN granted first interview with Narendra Modi since he became Indian PM Modi has a reputation for being an intimidating presence but showed a lighter side Foreign policy seemed to be rooted in history , not international relations theory He candidly talked about growing up poor and defended Indian subsidies
DOVER , Delaware  CNN  -- Police said they were interviewing a student who is a "  person of interest " in Friday 's shooting of two other students at Delaware State University . A guard checks a van entering Delaware State University Friday after two students were shot and wounded . Police were also searching for a second student -- also a person of interest -- as the university was locked down in the wake of the early morning shootings . "  This was not an act of terrorism , " said James Overton , the school 's police chief . "  This was not a crazed gunman who found his way onto the campus . What our investigation is telling us is , it was a Delaware State University student that caused this and will have to face the consequences of his actions . " University President Allen Sessoms echoed those remarks , saying the shooting appeared to be "  an internal problem for the university . " "  These are just kids who did very , very stupid things ... and we 've got to deal with that , " he said . The shootings happened after a group of eight to 10 students left the campus ' Village Cafe between midnight and 1 a.m. , Overton said . Some of the group gathered at a pedestrian mall in the center of campus , near Memorial Hall . Someone started shooting , Overton said , and "  approximately four to six shots were fired . " A 17-year-old male student was shot once and is hospitalized in stable condition and a 17-year-old female student was shot twice and is in serious condition , he said . University spokesman Carlos Holmes said the female student 's "  injuries were more serious and they could potentially be life-threatening . We 're praying , we 're hoping for the best for her . " Both victims are from the Washington area , Overton said . Students , faculty and staff were directed to remain in their buildings , the school said . The lockdown , Holmes said , continued Friday afternoon for about 1,200 people living in dormitories and an apartment complex for upper-level students . The campus would be opened on a limited basis for student activities on Saturday , Overton said . Chris Reugre , a junior who lives off-campus , said he hoped police catch the other potential suspect soon . "  I heard about it this morning around 7 . My dad woke me up , and I was just shocked , " he said . "  It took me back to Virginia Tech . ... I never thought it would happen at my school . ... It 's a pretty safe campus , in my opinion . " On April 16 , Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and faculty members before killing himself on the Virginia Polytechnic Institute campus in Blacksburg , Virginia . An investigation report released in August criticized school officials after the shooting deaths . An independent investigative panel concluded that more timely and specific information by Virginia Tech officials might have saved lives . "  We have learned tremendously from the tragedy at Virginia Tech , " Sessoms said , adding the school began notifying students almost immediately . The university posted "  timely warning notifications " in residential halls , on Web sites and on campus phone messages , Holmes said . "  Any time you pick up a phone you automatically hear a message that lets you know the situation , " Holmes said . "  We 've used everything we have at our disposal . " Senior Franz Delima said a friend told him about the shootings at 5:30 a.m. , and he immediately checked the university 's Web site . "  I was shocked by the news , " Delima said . He said a friend of his is a residential assistant in one of the dorms , and she was "  scared . " "  I 'm pretty sure someone from outside did it , " Delima said . "  The school did a good job of telling us what happened . " University personnel and students can check the status of the situation on the campus Web site at www.desu.edu and by calling 302857-7669 . Holmes said a procedure had been set up for students who wanted to leave for the weekend . Students were allowed to leave their dorm rooms to eat on campus , but had to follow strict safety procedures , he added . He said food and other necessities would be provided to people holed up in the dorms . Several law enforcement agencies , including the Delaware State Police , were aiding the search for the gunman , Holmes said . U.S. marshals and agents from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also are lending forensics expertise , he said . Watch how police are searching campus and surrounding area " The Delaware school was struck by tragedy last month when three teens who were either enrolled at Delaware State or in the process of doing so were shot to death execution-style in a Newark , New Jersey , school yard . Another teen was wounded . Asked about the impact of the Newark killings , Afiriyie-Hwedie said , "  People are really worried , and basically some people are trying to figure out whether things are connected or not , but on the most part they do n't think it is . " The university was founded in 1890 as the State College for Colored Students , a land grant college for agriculture and mechanical arts . The school now considers itself diversified . The 400-acre main campus is on the north side of Dover , Delaware 's capital . Delaware State University is about two hours away from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Baltimore , Maryland ; and Washington , and three hours away from New York City . E-mail to a friend	NEW : School 's president : "  These are just kids who did very , very stupid things " NEW : Campus police chief : Probe indicates a student is behind the shooting Police interview one "  person of interest , " search for another Federal authorities ATF , U.S. marshals lending assistance
After Vic Huo graduated from fashion design school in 2007 , she landed four jobs as an apparel designer for Chinese brands . The first three jobs , she quit . At her last job , she was fired . Huo 's career problems stem largely from the fact that she says her bosses encouraged her to more or less copy international designs rather than to create her own . Management perceived anything too unique to be too much of a business risk : As Chinese consumer tastes still tilt overwhelmingly towards the mainstream , anything off-kilter simply may not sell . "  They just want to copy from the other brands , " the 26-year-old said . "  They are scared of the creative . " Now Huo says she does not know what to do . Chances of working for an international brand seem slim . She would like to launch her own label , yet funding for independent fashion lines is hard to come by and there 's no guarantee the country 's brand conscious consumers will buy anything without a famous international label printed ostentatiously on a shirt , bag or other piece of clothing . "  Designers always want to follow their own hearts , " Huo said . "  But they have to consider the market needs . " No doubt China 's once almost non-existent fashion industry is on the verge of exploding . New domestic brands pop up seemingly everyday . Chinese models , like Liu Wen , who has shot campaigns with Calvin Klein , Dolce & Gabbana and Estee Lauder , are increasingly becoming a hot commodity on foreign runways while domestic designers , such as Richard Wu , who debuted mainstream VLOV menswear brand at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week this week in New York , are piquing the interest of the international fashion elite . But for grassroots designers , the fashion landscape is still largely difficult . Aside from money , independent designers say they struggle with coming up with original concepts that represent modern Chinese style . "  In order to establish a foundation , it is important to slow down and look back , " Qiao Qiao , who founded her womenswear brand One by One with only 40,000 yuan  about $ 6,000  in Shanghai in 2003 , said . "  The problem is every time they -LSB- designers -RSB- stop and look back , they resort to the period of the Cultural Revolution 's style . " The style during the Cultural Revolution , a period between 1966 and 1976 when millions lost their lives in the midst of political violence , was overtly drab . Men and women wore dark colored clothing . Anything remotely stylish was banished as art , music and intellectual endeavors were perceived as bourgeois and thus a threat to the State . A Cultural Revolution aesthetic , so to speak , has had a resurgence in China in the form of kitschy t-shirts , bags and caps , which can be found in a number of artsy boutiques in Shanghai , Beijing and elsewhere . However Qiao Qiao points out that over the past half-century , after China reopened its doors to the rest of the world in 1978 , all other influences have been predominantly from the West . The archives of ancient China must be opened to find new inspiration , the designer said . She points to American designer Rick Owens , whose avante-garde clothes draw influence from dynastic times , as an inspiration : "  He is very successful , " she said . "  But that should be the work Chinese designers do , and yet we can not surpass him . " Chen Ping , founder of the Pari Chen womenswear brand , is one domestic designer who is trying to slow down and look way back to the country 's deeply rich history for inspiration . It has not been easy . Before starting her own fashion label in 2008 , Chen said she sat at home "  totally depressed . " "  There was a huge gap between my ideal and the practice and the work . I lost my orientation in the business , " she said , adding that the market , especially younger segments , cared only about fast fashion rather than fashion as an art form that reinvigorated cultural beauty from the past . Now with no store , no employees , little money and a studio located in an apartment building amidst farmland outside of Shanghai , Chen is struggling to survive . During a good month , she sells maybe around half a dozen of her pieces , which feature flowing swaths of silk and chiffon meant to mimic calligraphy or attire worn by scholars during the Song Dynasty . "  There are many designers who want to do things quickly , " she said . "  From my perspective , it is important to have a certain amount of time to accumulate your style . " The situation is not so bleak for everyone , especially those who have turned to the internet , specifically Taobao , the country 's largest e-commerce platform which is home to countless grassroots stores selling everything from wrenches to iPhones . Around three years ago , Wei Fu Ying launched her Wing Free brand on the shopping site . Akin to H&M or Topshop , Wei 's vintage-inspired designs are hip and chic , targeting teenagers and twenty-somethings . She sells up to 300 pieces of her clothing per day . She is optimistic about her future but tempered on the overall future of homegrown design . "  For those who are really talented , they should just go abroad and they will be recognized , " Wei said . "  Here , the industry is more based on contacts , relationships and publicity . It is a bit like an illusion . " There are some who are trying to support the local industry , especially those whose designs are more haute couture than high street hip . In Beijing , for example , Hung Huang , a TV host known as the "  Oprah of China , " has opened a boutique called Brand New China , or BNC . The store features work from select Chinese labels . It 's neighbors include famous foreign brands such as Commes de Garcon , Versace and Balenciaga . Chinese celebrities are also helping to drum up demand for homegrown style , according to Annie Wang , an advisor to the Beijing Media Group , which publishes a number of newspapers and magazines . Actress Fan Bingbing wowed global audiences at this year 's Cannes Film Festival when she wore a stunning red gown embroidered with white cranes from up-and-coming domestic designer Bo Kewen . The celebrities "  want to represent China , " Wang said . "  The whole black tie and Western style is not the Chinese tradition at all , that is why I see there is a market for China to have local designers who know the flavor of the Chinese . But whether this will become a big market in China or not , I do n't know . I can only say it is possible . "	China 's fashion industry is expanding at a rapid pace But for grassroots designers the landscape remains largely difficult Many say they struggle to create original concepts that embody modern Chinese style
CNN  -- A revolution squeezed into its margins -- but that 's where it started . It is February 11 , 2014 . Three years ago today , I walked to Tahrir Square to celebrate the fall of a dictator . In that square , we felt everything was possible , after Mubarak 's 30-year rule . It 's that feeling a recent film , "  The Square " tried to capture . I resisted watching this Oscar-nominated film for weeks . I was in Egypt for many of the events it portrayed , and I knew I 'd be emotionally riven if the film were even partially accurate . Indeed , it was painful to watch a film that captured so many of the core emotions of the past three years , and did it so well . The film did not portray my own memories : it mediated the emotional history of the revolution through the subjective experiences of certain key characters . They were all archetypes of the revolution . I wondered -- would the filmmakers do what so many writers on Egypt have done , and go for the easy way out , focusing on spoiled rich kids , playing revolutionary ? They did n't -- the first revolutionary character , Ahmad , is hardly rich -- he 's a young , middle class , average Egyptian . Another central character is Magdy -- a loyal member of the Muslim Brotherhood , the political Islamist group . Ahmad has struggled economically his whole short life -- Magdy has spent time imprisoned for his political beliefs . There was betrayal . It began with Mubarak himself , addressing the youth of Tahrir with such tenderness -- only to try to crush them . It continued with the military 's leadership saluting the revolution 's martyrs after Mubarak was forced from office -- only to be shown , unsympathetically , displaying singular disinterest in revolutionary reforms . It lingered with the Brotherhood 's leadership insisting on revolutionary intentions -- only to be seen deserting the revolutionary struggle for partisan power . There was hope . The hope that all of Egypt would become Tahrir Square of the 18 days : a place of respect , pluralism , and freedom . Those that had hope now strive to ensure the hope itself does n't die . There was anger , as we see the potential of the revolution squandered -- and the anger remains . There was naivet  -- the naivet  of the revolutionaries to understand where their power was , and where it was n't . On the second anniversary of the uprising , I was near Tahrir Square trying to convince some activists that , actually , they 'd lost the public 's support for protests some time before . The protest , for too many of them , had become the strategy itself , as opposed to a tactic for a better-defined goal . Considering the film 's partiality to the ideals of revolution , I was pleasantly surprised to see the idealism of one of the characters , Egyptian-Briton Khalid , challenged , more than once . Ahmad shows an innocent unwariness about the June 30 protests against then-President Mohamed Morsy : the film would have benefited from showing a counter to his exceedingly ill-placed confidence that the military of 2013 would be more restrained than the military of 2011 . There was pain . There was the killing of largely Christian protesters at Maspero by the military in late 2011 -- a tragedy the film crew witnessed , and which turned a sizeable number against the military . There have now been more than a dozen "  mass protester killings , " as the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights put it -- and no acknowledgement or justice for them . The single worst incident was the clearing of the pro-Morsy sit-in -- a scene insufficiently covered in the film , though mentioned . The film is not the story of every Egyptian , or even every revolutionary . It 's a mediation of the revolutionary experience through these specific characters . The film is a story of the relationships of these individual characters with the revolution , and with each other . Even though this is a deeply political film , political parties are rarely shown . Central , nevertheless , to the film 's development , is the persona of Magdy , a loyal Brotherhood member . He humanizes ordinary Brotherhood members , and of all the central characters , we know Magdy as the most tortured , who suffered the most under Mubarak 's regime . Magdy 's story is a profoundly conflicted one , as he struggles between his loyalty to an organization that supported him his whole life , and his ideals . His story causes others to be conflicted as well -- we see that although Ahmad opposes the Brotherhood deeply , he wants to come to the pro-Morsy sit-in towards the end , to stand by Magdy . A deeply sympathetic and gallant character , Magdy survives the clearing of the sit-in , unlike the many hundreds who did not . The film certainly prioritizes a revolutionary lens , rather than pretending to be a bland chronicle , for these tragic revolutionary heroes provided the context of the square and the revolution . Watching it now reminds us that in the past few months and years , many who would have been in that square would have been killed , or imprisoned . The film reminds us of a revolution that has been squeezed into the margins -- but also reminds us that , indeed , is where the revolution itself started . READ : How America abandoned Egypt 's Arab Spring READ : Egypt 's revolution on the margins The views expressed in this piece are solely those of H.A. Hellyer .	Oscar-nominated ` The Square ' traces Egypt 's revolution through revolutionaries Different experiences portrayed including working class non-Islamist revolutionary A gallant , loyal Brotherhood member conflicted about his leaders , writes H.A. Hellyer Emotions of hope , idealism , pain , and betrayal shine through - Hellyer
CNN  -- Carla Bruni , the wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , has given birth to a girl , a very close family friend told CNN on Wednesday . The mother is doing well , the friend said . Sarkozy , 56 , was seen earlier leaving the French capital 's La Muette clinic , where Bruni gave birth , according to French media . It is the first child for the couple , who wed in February 2008 . Bruni , 43 , announced in early September that she was pregnant and vowed to keep the child out of the spotlight . Sarkozy divorced his wife of more than 11 years before marrying Bruni . He has three children from that marriage . Bruni , a former supermodel and singer , previously dated singers Eric Clapton and Mick Jagger .	Sarkozy and Bruni welcome the arrival of a daughter A friend says the mother is doing well It is the first child for the couple
CNN  -- Football history was made at the opening match of FIFA 's Club World Cup in Japan on Thursday when goal-line technology  GLT  was made available to a referee for the first time . Host side Sanfrecce Hiroshima beat New Zealand 's Auckland City 1-0 to earn a quarterfinal clash with African champions Al Ahly of Egypt , but the result will remain a footnote to FIFA 's "  revolution " . Despite resisting calls for the introduction of GLT for many years , FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke stated that there was "  no reason to be against this technology " on the eve of the match . The first referee to have access to the system in a competitive game was Djamel Haimoudi but the Algerian had no need to call upon GoalRef 's magnetic field system in Yokohama . This is the first of two goal-line systems being trialed at the competition for the continental club champions , in which the title-holders of the host nation  J-League winners Sanfrecce Hiroshima on this occasion  also participate . Hiroshima , who won the Japanese championship for the first time last month to earn their place in football history , will also take part as the second system is used , with camera-based Hawk-Eye being used for Sunday 's tie with the seven-time African champions . "  This is a kind of revolution , " Valcke told FIFA 's website before the match . "  It is the first time that this kind of technology is coming into football . We must ensure that when the ball goes into the goal , the referee must get the information that the ball has gone in . "  The referee has the final decision . The technology wo n't change the speed , value or spirit of the game . " It changed little as Hiroshima saw off Auckland City , thanks to a stunning strike from Toshihiro Aoyama after 66 minutes , as the New Zealanders ' impressive goalkeeper Tamati Williams was finally beaten . However , it has added a further element to the referee 's pre-match ritual with officials now needing to test the system 90 minutes before every match to determine whether the technology is working as expected . After FIFA had seemingly abandoned GLT in 2008 after freezing experiments into the practice , and preferring instead to look at using additional referees , the issue was reborn at the 2010 World Cup . After a Frank Lampard shot crossed the line but was not given as England lost to Germany in the Round of 16 , FIFA chief Sepp Blatter backtracked on his previous belief that there was no room for goal-line technology in football . After a long testing process , the International Football Association Board  IFAB  voted in July to use GLT at the ongoing Club World Cup , as well as the 2013 Confederations Cup and 2014 World Cup in Brazil . "  This is also an important day for us , " Valcke had said on Wednesday . "  Because we will use one of the two systems we are using here in the Fifa Confederations Cup next year . " Both Britain-based Hawk-Eye and Germany 's GoalRef transmit their findings to devices that can be worn on officials ' wrists .	FIFA uses goal-line technology at Club World Cup opener in Japan Two competing systems are being trialed at the global championships GoalRef , which uses a magnetic field system , and camera-based Hawk Eye are the systems On the pitch , Sanfrecce Hiroshima reach quarterfinals with defeat of Auckland City
CNN  -- Barack Obama received the backing of a nation when he was elected for a second term as U.S. president last month , and now his favorite English soccer club has also won a significant ballot . English Premier League side West Ham United -- the team of choice of the 44th president of the United States -- has been selected as the preferred occupant for London 's Olympic Stadium , the venue which hosted the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games . The London Legacy Development Corporation  LLDC  announced on Wednesday that the east London club -- whose stadium is located near to the former Olympic Park site in Stratford -- had beaten off competition from neighboring third-tier team Leyton Orient , a proposed sports university project and a consortium looking to bring Formula One to the British capital . "  The LLDC 's board unanimously agreed that West Ham United 's bid for a concession to play at the Olympic Stadium should be ranked highest of the bids received , and that negotiations should be held with the club on final commercial terms for them to move to the stadium , " read a statement on the organization 's website . West Ham had initially tried to buy the stadium and was named the preferred bidder in February 2011 , but that deal collapsed in October of that year after threats of court action from rival candidates and an independent review of the process . The stadium was then offered to potential tenants , and from an initial 16 interested parties the list was cut to four bidders in March 2012 . Despite backing West Ham 's bid for the 80,000-seater arena , the LLDC insisted any future tenant would have to accommodate the 2017 World Athletics Championships . If West Ham can not cater for track and field , the club would be unable to complete its proposed move to the site . "  If a football use can be agreed the stadium would be reconfigured to provide a retractable/moveable seating solution so there could be a quick change over between athletics and football use , " the LLDC said . "  The legacy corporation recognizes that West Ham and other parties may not be able to meet the necessary conditions , so is progressing a detailed design for a non-football option . This would allow the stadium to be brought back into use as soon as possible . " West Ham 's joint chairmen David Sullivan and David Gold hailed Wednesday 's announcement as the latest step in realizing the vision they had for the club when they purchased a 50 % shareholding for $ 85 million in 2010 . "  We are ambitious for our great club and aim to set the benchmark for visiting away and neutral football supporters from across the globe to come and enjoy the iconic Stadium and be part of our Premier League club experience , " they said in a statement . Reconstruction work on the stadium , including extending the roof and adding retractable seating , will reportedly cost between $ 210-240 million and will be funded by a mix of public money and a $ 64 million loan from the local Newham Council . West Ham is expected to contribute $ 24 million to the restructuring of the public-funded stadium , which cost $ 690 million to build . The club returned to the English top flight in August following relegation in 2011 , and has made an encouraging start to the season under the guidance of manager Sam Allardyce , sitting eighth in the table with 22 points from 15 matches . Obama has reportedly been a fan of "  the Hammers " since a trip to England several years before his election to office in 2008 . The club 's supporters have even sung songs in his honor during matches , according to the Goal.com website .	Soccer club West Ham selected as preferred bidder for London 's Olympic Stadium Premier League side beat off competition from third-tier team Leyton Orient Reconstruction work on the arena expected to cost between $ 210-240 million U.S. president 's favorite English team will contribute $ 24 million
CNN  -- Once-missing Virginia Tech mental health records regarding a student who killed 32 people and himself in a campus rampage were released Wednesday . Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and faculty members on April 16 , 2007 , then killed himself . The records cover all the interactions between Cho Seung-Hui , 23 , and Virginia Tech 's Cook Counseling Center during November and December 2005 -- the only times the center saw Cho , the university said , and nearly two years before his April 16 , 2007 , shooting spree . They were found recently at the home of Dr. Robert Miller , the center 's former director . According to the university , Miller 's attorney has said the records were inadvertently taken from the center when Miller left his job there more than a year before the shootings . The records detail a phone evaluation by the counseling center on November 30 , 2005 , and on December 12 , 2005 . Cho was evaluated in person following his release from a mental health facility on December 14 , 2005 . He was sent to the facility on a temporary detention order , the records indicate , after a female student filed a complaint with university police that Cho had been instant-messaging her and left a message on her dry erase board . The records from the facility , Carilion St. Albans , note that Cho told his suitemate he might as well kill himself because "  everybody just hates me . " The records said Cho stayed overnight at the facility . "  Essentially , it does not appear that he had any serious intent when he made the suicidal statement , " the records said . "  He was counseled about the need to act responsibly . " In each of the three evaluations at the Cook Counseling Center , Cho "  explicitly denied any intent to hurt himself or others and there was no evidence to the contrary , " Virginia Tech said in its statement . "  At the time of his last appointment , Cho was completing his fall 2005 semester exams and was scheduled to spend the holiday break with his family . He was provided with emergency contact information . "  As we know , Cho never called or returned to the Cook Counseling Center , and more than a year elapsed between the time he was evaluated by counseling center professionals and the tragic events of April 2007 . " The records also contain a December 14 , 2005 , e-mail to the center from a university housing official , documenting Cho 's "  history of erratic behavior and counseling-based issues at the time of his referral to Carilion St. Albans . " Cho 's suitemate had notified police because he had made suicidal statements and had "  blades " in his room , said the e-mail . Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine said last month the files were discovered at Miller 's home in connection with a civil lawsuit , but did not elaborate . The records ' absence was a mystery and a concern during the investigation , he said . The governor said his office was asking the Cho family for permission to make the records public . Cho 's family agreed earlier Wednesday to the records ' release . "  The family has consistently favored and urged disclosure of their son 's and brother 's records in the interest of advancing the investigation into the tragic events of April 16 , 2007 , as well as ensuring that the families of the victims have as much information as possible , " said family attorney Bernard DiMuro in a letter to Mike Melis , Virginia assistant attorney general . "  The unavailability of pertinent counseling center records during more than two years of investigation and review has created needless uncertainty and understandable speculation that has compounded the suffering of the survivors , families and the Virginia Tech community as a whole , " the university said in a statement . The records confirm facts already established by the panel that reviewed the incident , the university said . But "  Virginia Tech remains deeply dismayed by the prolonged unavailability of the records and looks forward to the completion of the Virginia State Police investigation into their unauthorized removal from the Cook Counseling Center . " CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	Files show dialogue between Cho Seung-Hui and VT 's Cook Counseling Center Report : Cho talked to suitemate about suicide because "  everybody just hates me " University says it was "  deeply dismayed by the prolonged unavailability " of the files
Dietary supplements are commonly used to lose weight and build muscle , but the Food and Drug Administration has issued a warning regarding exposure to a potentially harmful ingredient . The FDA said in the advisory last week that it is using "  all available tools at its disposal " to eliminate supplements containing the stimulant dimethylamylamine , or DMAA , from the market . The agency says DMAA , found in supplements including OxyElite Pro and Jack3d , can cause increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , chest tightening , cardiovascular problems and even heart attacks . It may be difficult for consumers to tell whether DMAA is an ingredient in their supplement . Different names such as methylhexanamine , 1,3 DMAA or geranium extract could be used . The FDA says it has received reports of 86 illnesses and deaths associated with supplements containing DMAA as of last week . Illnesses also included nervous system and psychiatric disorders , the agency said , and DMAA could be especially dangerous taken with caffeine . Dietary supplements with DMAA have been promoted as a natural way to enhance athletic performance and speed up weight loss . According to its website , the FDA does not currently recognize any medical use of DMAA , but it was approved for nasal decongestion in the past . Unlike with a drug ban , the FDA must go through a series of lengthy scientific and legal steps to ban compounds in dietary supplements , according to its website . Hidden dangers in vitamins , supplements ? In the meantime , FDA spokeswoman Tamara Ward said that 11 companies have received warning letters from the FDA over the past year asking them to stop marketing products that contain DMAA . All but one -- USPlabs in Dallas , which manufactures OxyElite Pro and Jack3d -- agreed to stop using DMAA in supplements . The FDA has visited six of the companies that received warning letters . Five had ended production of supplements with DMAA . "  The sixth company , which was not in compliance , agreed to recall its product after discussions with FDA , " Ward said . Company names were not provided . In a statement , USPlabs said it "  stands behind the safety and quality of its products , " citing "  eight peer-reviewed published clinical studies detailing the safety of  DMAA  and products containing it , making it one of the most heavily clinically studied dietary ingredients ever . " However , details provided by the company showed that the studies were each conducted with 50 or fewer participants . The FDA said it "  has found the information insufficient to defend the use of DMAA as an ingredient in dietary supplements , " and it is finalizing a formal response to USPLabs to reflect the findings . Consumers can report DMAA-related incidents directly to the FDA or the supplement manufacturer . The FDA said consumers should also contact a health care provider if they become ill .	The FDA wants to eliminate supplements containing DMAA The stimulant can cause increased blood pressure and cardiovascular problems , it says 86 illnesses and deaths associated with DMAA have been reported
CNN  -- While UK politicians seek to distance themselves from Europe 's troubled continent , rail operators are doing their best to bridge the gap . The Channel Tunnel -- a favored travel route for those flitting between London and Paris -- is expanding its reach into mainland Europe by opening its doors to Deutsche Bahn . The German operator 's access to the Channel Tunnel upsets the monopoly held on the route by high speed train operator Eurostar since 2004 , and will boost traffic by 4 million passengers . Read more : Pampering cows the Wagyu way Jacques Gounon , chief executive of Eurotunnel -- the company that operates the Channel Tunnel -- told CNN the company was recovering from the crisis , when traffic fell by 20 % . "  Now it 's up year after year at 3 to 4 % gross rate , " Gounon said . "  Deutsche Bahn will come from Germany and Netherlands ... it 's quite clear that this will be an incredible increase in our revenue . " Read more : London property recovering -- but is best house in the street in Moscow ? Deutsche Bahn will shuttle passengers to major destinations in Europe such as Frankfurt , Cologne and Amsterdam . The Eurostar offers links between London , Calais and Paris . Gounon said the company negotiated with Britain and France to expand its footprint and "  explain that there is available capacity within the tunnel . " Read more : Building learning blocks at LEGO school He said : "  We have the knowledge and the skills in order to manage the different slots between our own shuttles , Eurostar slots and the future Deutsche Bahn trains , and that this will be good for customers between the continent and Great Britain . " Eurotunnel has 400 trains a day through the Channel Tunnel on average , with 52 of these being high-speed rail . Read more : The Netherlands : A nation under water Deutsche Bahn will begin its undersea rail operations as soon as the Intercity Express trains -- manufactured by German technology company Siemens -- are ready for service . The move will break Eurostar 's near-two decade dominance over the Channel Tunnel , but the high-speed operator is making expansion plans of its own . Speaking to CNN last month , Eurostar CEO Nicolas Petrovic said the company is planning to launch a "  state of the art " fleet that can carry passengers to the Netherlands , Germany and Switzerland . Read more : How 's your confidence in the euro Petrovic said Eurostar would "  grab the opportunity of open access in Europe " while trying to wrestle market share from airlines . Eurostar tickets for an adult traveling from London to Paris cost  # 69  $ 104  for standard class to  # 250  $ 378  for business class . Petrovic told CNN that the company is looking "  very carefully " at pricing , adding that the biggest cost to Eurostar 's business is the levy on using the Channel Tunnel . Meanwhile , Eurotunnel is expanding more than just its train business . Last year , the Paris-based company launched a ferry service called MyFerryLink , for large vehicles and passengers who prefer to travel by boat . The business has already gained 11 % of the market share , according to Eurotunnel . Gounon said : "  People who want to have a different way to cross the Channel , perhaps to pay less ... We believe that the ferry business is a compliment of our main core business . "	Eurotunnel shuttles 400 trains a day through the Channel Tunnel on average Gounon said the company negotiated with Britain and France to expand its footprint Last year , the Paris-based company launched a ferry service called MyFerryLink for large vehicles and passengers
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The prosecution rested its death penalty case Tuesday against the Army psychiatrist charged with a shooting rampage at Fort Hood that left 13 people dead , clearing the way for the man acting as his own attorney to put on a defense . Maj. Nidal Hasan , 42 , is defending himself against 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in the November 5 , 2009 , attack , raising the question of whether he will take the stand . "  If you choose to testify , it is your choice and your choice solely , " the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , told Hasan . "  If you do testify , you have to ask yourself questions . ... You ca n't simply give a statement . It has to be in a question-and-answer format . " Will Hasan testify ? Hasan previously indicated that he intended to call himself and two witnesses to the stand . If he testifies , Hasan is expected to discuss religious justification for his actions . But there was a question whether Hasan would even put on a defense after he told the court Tuesday morning he no longer wished to call Dr. Lewis Rambo , an expert on religious conversion . A day earlier , he told the court he would not call Tim Jon Semmerling , who specializes in mitigating factors in criminal cases . Even so , the judge ordered Rambo to appear in court to speak with Hasan before he made a decision , prompting Hasan to challenge the order . "  I object . I 'm not going to be using him , " Hasan said . "  To waste his time when he has more pressing matters to attend to does n't seem fitting . " The judge noted his objection , but ordered the witness to appear in court . "  Then if you decide you do n't want to have him as a witness after you talk face-to-face , then that 's fine , " Osborn said . Fast Facts : Soldier-on-Soldier Attacks Much has been made of Hasan 's defense or , as his stand-by attorneys have said , the lack of it . The judge declined a request by Hasan 's attorneys to drop out of the case . The attorneys argued that they were helping the prosecution put him to death . Hasan admitted to opening fire in a processing center for soldiers deploying to Afghanistan and Iraq , telling a military jury of 13 officers during his opening statement : "  The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter . " The judge has barred Hasan from arguing he acted in the "  defense of others , " claiming he carried out the shooting to protect Taliban leaders in Afghanistan from the U.S. military . Declining to cross-examine witnesses Just as he has throughout most of the court-martial , Hasan declined to cross-examine the prosecution 's final witnesses -- most of whom testified about the chaotic final minutes of the shooting . Fort Hood victims feel betrayed The day of the shooting , photographer Steven Bennett was taking pictures of a college graduation ceremony for soldiers who had obtained their degrees . Bennett took pictures of the final minutes of the shooting , capturing images of Hasan outside the deployment processing center and then the shootout with police . The final photo shows Hasan lying on the ground bleeding as a police officer checks his pulse . Asked if he recognized the man in the courtroom , Bennett pointed at Hasan : "  The bearded individual . " Hasan has refused to shave , citing his religious beliefs . The judge on Monday raised again concerns about Hasan acting as his own attorney after he admitted last week he did not understand that by listing someone as a witness he gave up the right of privileged communication with that person . "  Remember when I told you that I thought you would be better off with a trained lawyer ? " Osborn asked . Hasan responded : "  Repeatedly . " "  I 've advised you before and I 'm advising you again that it 's not a good policy to represent yourself . ... Do you understand that ? " Osborn said . Hasan said : "  Yes , I do . " Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions	Hasan , if he testifies , is expected to discuss religious justifications for his actions The suspect has been advised by the judge it 's "  not a good policy " to represent himself Hasan has been barred from arguing "  defense of others "
Marjah , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. Marines fighting the Taliban in southern Afghanistan achieved a main objective Tuesday -- taking over the police headquarters in the center of the Taliban stronghold of Marjah . CNN correspondent Atia Abawi , embedded with the Marines , said troops did n't receive any resistance when they took the station , but gun battles broke out in the area a few hours later . There was an engagement for 15 to 20 minutes , with constant gunfire coming from different directions , and there have been "  sporadic battles , " Abawi said . Unlike previous days , there was fighting in the evening , with Taliban militants trying to attack Marine locations with small arms and rocket-propelled grenades . One of the grenades hit close to one of the U.S. positions and a fire broke out . About 15,000 Afghan and NATO forces are taking part in Operation Moshtarak , which focuses on the town of Marjah and surrounding areas in Helmand province . Set in a region known as the country 's heroin capital , Marjah is where the Taliban established a shadow government . The military says the goal of Operation Moshtarak is to provide security , governance and development , and authorities hope fighters choose to reject the insurgency and join the government 's reintegration process . Clearing out poppy fields is a key part of the push , the biggest since the Afghanistan War started in 2001 . The Taliban finances its activities in part through the illegal opium trade . One of the biggest challenges facing the NATO mission in Afghanistan is attacking the Taliban while limiting civilian casualties . On Sunday , 12 civilians died in a rocket attack by coalition troops . Three other Afghan civilians were killed by NATO in separate incidents on Sunday and Monday . On Tuesday , Abawi spoke to one civilian whose property had been destroyed in the initial push by Marines . Despite that , he said he was happy to see Americans arrive and noted that Marines promised to pay for the damages to his home . He said Afghans have suffered under the Taliban , who he said had beheaded some people and forced their way into people 's homes for food .	Operation Moshtarak focuses on area where heroin produced , Taliban has shadow government Taliban finances uses illegal opium trade to finance activities Gun battles broke out hours later after headquarters seized , CNN correspondent says Taliban militants try to attack Marine locations with small arms and rocket-propelled grenades
CNN  -- In Somalia , getting from point A to B can be a perilous business . Towns are remote , the roads that link them are poor and prone to attack , while the coastline is manned by pirates . So why are so many airline operators eager to launch routes to Mogadishu ? Despite Somalia 's many security woes , the aviation industry is experiencing an uptick . Mogadishu 's Aden Abdulle International Airport -- which was essentially out of commission prior to 2010 following years of civil war , in-fighting and a reign of terror brought on by Al Qaeda - backed terrorist group Al Shabaab -- has been expanding . "  Before 2010 , there was n't really an airport , just a runway . Now , we have 35 flights a day . The airport is booming , " says Sean Mendis , Aden Abdulle 's station manager . Security in the country is an on-going concern , though it has improved . Al Shabaab was forced out two years ago , allowing some local businesses to reopen and Aden Abdulle to beef up its security , which is currently under the purview of the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  , the Somalia Civil Aviation and Meteorology Authority , the Somali police , the Somali National Security Agency , and SKA International Group -- the consulting firm charged with the airline 's renaissance . "  The airport is very different from the town . There are 17,000 troops protecting it . We have four x-ray machines and several security checks passengers have to pass through before boarding a plane , " explains Mendis . These measures has given confidence to a range of carriers . Jubba Airways -- Somalia 's unofficial national carrier -- has expanded its network and fleet considerably , and several neighboring outfits , like African Express and Fly540 , have daily flights throughout the country . Last month , Air Uganda started flying three times a week to Mogadishu , and last year , Turkish Airways became the first major commercial airline to service the Somali capital in over 20 years . Mendis envisions more international carriers , particularly some of the Middle East 's heavy hitters , launching routes soon . Watch : Turning around African aviation Still , violence remains an everyday reality . Last month a car bomb was driven into a convoy of AMISOM troops near the airport . If anything , the country 's lack of infrastructure and stability is actually boosting the airline industry . "  The population is sparsely distributed throughout the territory . Traveling by land is dangerous -- not just because the roads are bad , but because of highway robbery . Police checkpoints charge you $ 50 just to pass through . For ordinary people , as well as UN peacekeepers , flying domestically is really the best way to go , " says Christos Shepherd , head of business development and start-up airlines at aviation consulting firm Mango Aviation Partners . For big carriers , like Turkish Airlines , flying to Somalia represents a bigger strategy of gaining a foothold in Africa as a whole . In 2012 , the airline expanded its network to include 15 destinations throughout the continent . "  The most important geographic part of the world over the next 100 years will be Africa . In this respect , any destination  we fly to  in Africa will create more effective results than , say , a destination in Europe , " says Ali Genc , Turkish Airlines ' senior vice president of media relations . Despite the increase in competition , airfares remain remarkably high . Even low-cost carriers charge upwards of $ 500 for internal flights . "  For the airlines operating these routes , the costs are very high -- much higher than they would be flying similar-sized aircraft with the same number of passengers in Europe , because you do n't have the infrastructure , plus you 're paying a premium to pilots and crew for being in a place they do n't want to be , " says Shepherd . Read more : The worst airports for delays According to Ruben Gamero , the director of operations for African Express , combat pay is a common incentive for pilots . "  All operators flying to Somalia have to be given a special permit , because the country is considered a hostile destination . We take into account every factor and calculated risk , and have never been involved in any unsafe or unstable situation , " he says . Surprisingly for a country whose economy is in shambles , there are plenty of passengers willing to pay the fare . "  Somalis are very resilient , and they get a lot of money from the diaspora , " explains Mendis , who adds that U.N. and NGO traffic keeps the demand for seats high . African Express cites 90 % occupancy , and Turkish Airlines says the load factor is increasing . "  Judging by the amount of traffic the airport is seeing , I 'd say there 's plenty of profits to be had , " says Mendis .	Business at Mogadishu 's airport is "  booming " , with up to 35 flights scheduled each day . Last year , Turkish Airlines was the the first major carrier to fly to Mogadishu 25 years . Airlines are heartened by the tight airport security . Currently 17,000 troops protect the airport . Pilots and crew are paid more for operating in what is still classified as a hostile destination
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- A former Marine Corps reservist pleaded guilty Thursday to shooting at the Pentagon and other military-related buildings and to trying to desecrate graves at Arlington National Cemetery containing the remains of veterans who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan . Yonathan Melaku entered a guilty plea to three counts : damaging U.S. property with a firearm , using a firearm in a crime of violence and attempting injury to veterans ' memorials on U.S. property . Melaku , a 23-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen who was born in Ethiopia , was arrested June 17 at the cemetery . He had a backpack with four plastic bags each containing 5 pounds of ammonium nitrate , material commonly used in homemade explosives . He also had numerous 9 mm spent shell casings ; black paint and a notebook with Arabic statements mentioning al Qaeda , Osama bin Laden , the Taliban and the "  Path to Jihad . " In the statement of facts document signed by Melaku , he admitted he "  intended to desecrate and injure grave markers by spray-painting the markers with Arabic statements and by leaving the ammonium nitrate he was carrying at the sites of these grave markers . " Melaku did not have all the components needed to make a bomb . In a search of his home , investigators found a typed list that included various components including batteries , wire and a "  digital kitchen countdown timer . " But he had not obtained all of those items . Melaku admitted to five shootings with a legally owned handgun at military buildings in Northern Virginia between October 17 and November 2 of 2010 . He said he attacked the Pentagon , Marine and Coast Guard recruiting offices and he twice fired at the National Museum of the Marine Corps . The government released a video Melaku made showing his second attack at the Marine Corps museum in Quantico , Virginia , on October 29 . Recorded Arabic music is heard in the background as Melaku drives down an interstate talking about his target . "  Last time I hit them , they turned off the lights , " Melaku is heard saying . "  Punks ! Now , here we go again . This time , I 'm going to turn it off permanently . " Melaku then says , "  That 's the target . That 's the military building that 's going to , gon na get attacked . " Melaku 's face is shown on part of the video but he 's also seen wearing a black hood as he prepares to shoot at the museum , although the building is not visible on the video . Shots ring out in rapid succession . Then Melaku excitedly yells , "  Allahu Akbar " several times and also sings along with the recorded music playing in his car . According to court documents , the five military building shootings caused more than $ 100,000 in damage . Melaku , wearing a green jail jumpsuit on Thursday , spoke only to respond to questions from U.S. District Judge Gerald Bruce Lee . Asked how he was pleading to the three counts against him , Melaku replied , "  Guilty , sir . " After the hearing , Assistant U.S. Attorney Dana Boente said Melaku indicated in the video he made at the Marine museum shooting that his intention was to "  create fear and terror , which is what terrorists do " and that he wanted to shut down the building . Boente also said Melaku had "  a large amount of jihadist material on his computer . " FBI Supervisory Special Agent Jacqueline Maguire would not list which websites Melaku used , but said a search of the computer showed he was "  conducting research " relating to the list of needed bomb components found at his home . U.S. officials have said Melaku has no ties to any terrorist groups and appears to have acted alone . Prior to the plea deal , Melaku faced the possibility of life in prison if convicted on all charges . But the plea agreement calls for him to serve 25 years followed by five years of supervised release . He will be sentenced on April 27 . Melaku offered no explanation for his actions at Thursday 's hearing . His defense lawyer , Gregory English , asked that his client receive a mental examination and suggested he might need treatment while in prison . English emphasized Melaku was competent and understood the legal proceedings , but said his parents were concerned he might have problems with anger management or post-traumatic stress . Judge Lee said it was an unusual request since no mental issues were raised before the guilty plea , but he said he would consider the matter . Melaku joined the Marine Reserves in August of 2007 but was never deployed overseas . At the time of his arrest in June last year , a military official told CNN that Melaku had failed a combat fitness test about a month before the first military building shooting . The official said he later did poorly on a physical and was listed as non-deployable .	Yonathan Melaku pleads guilty to charges including damaging U.S. property He was accused of shooting at the Pentagon and other military-related buildings He agrees to a sentence of 25 years in prison ; sentencing will be in April
CNN  -- Earlier this week it was reported that former NBA slam-dunk champion , Anthony "  Spud " Webb was planning to become head coach of Rick Cabaret 's New York Stripper team . From the moment I read it I cracked up laughing , knowing full well that my longtime friend and golf buddy , who also happens to be president of basketball operations for the Texas Legends  an NBA D-League team  would never do such a thing , and the press release was a joke . I even left him a voicemail Wednesday saying it was funny and ridiculous at the same time , and the next day his publicist released a statement calling it an "  ill-fated attempt at humor . " No harm , no foul Spud , and anyone taking it seriously needs to really learn to laugh . So when I began to see tweets Friday about the maniacal real estate mogul Donald Trump moderating a Republican presidential debate in Iowa on December 27 , I had the same reaction as the Spud-strip team press release : this is a bad joke . But according to the conservative website Newsmax.com , they really have asked Trump to be the moderator of a real GOP presidential debate , hoping the men and women who desire to be commander-in-chief will show up to be quizzed by a reality TV show star . If this "  debate " is real , it will represent one of the stupidest ideas in the history of presidential politics , and if the Republican National Committee has any decency , they would quickly denounce this madness and say none of its candidates will bother even responding to this stunt . As I 've written before , Donald Trump is a political chump who should not be taken seriously . To watch all of these GOP candidates make a pilgrimage to meet with him is ridiculous . It 's not like he 's disgraced former President Richard Nixon , who often hosted candidates wanting to discuss foreign policy , especially as it related to China . The only thing the late Nixon and Trump have in common is both are disgraceful . It 's time that real Republicans and conservatives put an end to this silly infatuation with Donald Trump . A question has been raised about whether he 's actually a billionaire , and he 's gone to court over the issue . His ideas about politics are about as useful as Flavor Flav 's marital advice . And discussing the issue of character and the presidency would make Trump a laughingstock to the world . But let 's just call this what it is : a publicity stunt by Newsmax.com to gain more subscribers to its growing media empire and a chance for Trump to bask in the glow of being taken seriously by the candidates who want to occupy the White House . If we have reduced the presidency of the United States to a reality show , we deserve to get our butts kicked economically by China , and we might as well let Russia become the world 's biggest superpower . Any candidate that would even consider showing up to take questions from Trump should have his or her head examined and summarily booted out of the race . In fact , let 's go ahead and let Trump moderate a debate . This will allow us to quickly narrow the field of candidates , "  Survivor " - style . For every candidate that shows up to get quizzed by Trump , we would immediately vote them off the GOP presidential island . There is no way anyone could take them seriously . Sorry , folks . Let 's not even start with the idea of Trump moderating a Newsmax.com debate . I 'd rather tune into strippers playing basketball than seeing the GOP presidential candidates stripped of their dignity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Conservative website Newsmax.com wants Trump to moderate a GOP debate Roland Martin calls this "  one of the stupidest ideas in the history of presidential politics " Martin says the Republican National Committee should denounce this proposal
The NAACP needs to sit down . Though it 's debatable how effective a punishment Donald Sterling 's lifetime ban from the NBA will be -- considering that for the time being , he still owns and thus profits from the L.A. Clippers -- the one voice that should not be involved in this discussion is that of the NAACP . Not after news that the Los Angeles chapter was prepared to bestow upon the disgraced Sterling -- whose racist behavior has long been known -- a second lifetime achievement award next month .  The offer , not surprisingly , has been withdrawn . On Tuesday , after NBA Commissioner Adam Silver brought down punishment on Sterling , the NAACP added its voice to a joint statement with the National Urban League , the National Action Network and the National Coalition on Black Civic Participation that said "  Sterling 's long-established pattern of bigotry and racist comments have not been a secret in the NBA ... yet until now , they have been tolerated and met with a gentle hand and a blind eye . " Say what ? Tax records accessed on CitizenAudit.org , according to an article in the Huffington Post , revealed that the NAACP 's L.A. branch had been party to the sanitizing of Sterling 's legacy . How ? The group has received $ 45,000 from Sterling 's foundations , which , given the real-estate mogul 's net worth of nearly $ 2 billion , is peanuts . The phrase "  sell out " is one that gets tossed around , but for some reason , it does n't quite cover the NAACP 's L.A. chapter in this case . The first time Sterling was awarded a lifetime achievement award by the group was in the midst of a lawsuit for housing discrimination based upon race . To decide to honor him with the award a second time , after he had paid millions to settle multiple discrimination suits , after learning that he allegedly said that "  all the blacks in this building , they smell , they 're not clean " and "  Mexicans ... just sit around and smoke and drink all day ... so we have to get them out of here , " is not selling out . Selling out makes financial sense . No , considering what $ 45,000 means to a man of Sterling 's wealth , honoring him with awards is just giving integrity away . I understand that Sterling has donated to other black groups and established a scholarships for black students at UCLA . And while that 's a positive , I also understand that such donations are tax-deductible and do not require him to actually be around black people . Something , according to the now-infamous recordings , he is not a big fan of . At least not at his games . The NAACP 's willful blind spot is particularly disturbing when you consider the growing wealth gap between blacks and whites in this country and that the biggest factors in that gap are fair housing and education . How could an organization supposedly dedicated to the economic advancement of blacks honor someone the Department of Justice said was working against its mission ? This curiosity is very similar to the New York chapter of the NAACP joining a lawsuit with the United Federation of Teachers in 2011 in an effort to squeeze out successful charter schools and protect failing traditional public schools . Thousands of parents , many of them minorities , protested . As was the case with the L.A. chapter , money reportedly was a factor in the New York chapter 's allegiance . It 's fine for the national organization to characterize questionable decision-making by local chapters as anomalies , but it 's hard to view the goings-on in New York and Los Angeles , the two largest cities in the country , as just being local . No , instead of worrying about joining in the censure of Sterling , the NAACP -- which is currently searching for a new executive director -- should worry about itself . When the NAACP held a funeral for the N-word in 2007 , it felt as if the organization had buried its relevance beside it . It did n't help that the person helping lead the ceremony was former Detroit Mayor/felon Kwame Kilpatrick . Yeah . In light of the crippling socioeconomic impact that housing discrimination has had on minorities in general and Los Angeles in particular , for chapter President Leon Jenkins to say "  God teaches us to forgive " in the same interview Monday in which he said "  we are negotiating with him about giving more moneys to African-American students at UCLA , " it sounds to me the NAACP needs to take that finger it 's wagging at Silver and the NBA and point it back at themselves . Silver 's working to clean up his house , but the NAACP still looks dirty .	LZ : It 's hypocrisy for NAACP to join groups in calling out NBA 's former tolerance of Sterling Group 's L.A. chapter accepted money from him , was set to honor him for second time LZ : Abiding Sterling 's racism is n't selling out , it 's giving integrity away LZ : NAACP ca n't point finger at NBA for tolerating Sterling ; it must get own house in order
CNN  -- The Shabiha militia fighters working hand in hand with Syria 's military to repress the 15-month-long uprising are President Bashar al-Assad 's "  shock troops , " observers say . "  The regime uses them for the real dirty work , killing and violent action , especially where it has to go into an urban area and repress resistance , " said Jeff White , defense fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Civil war imminent in Syria , U.N. warns Blamed for their participation in the Houla and Qubeir massacres and other assaults , there may be tens of thousands of them , mostly but not all members of the Alawite sect that dominates the government , analysts say . U.N. observers come under fire The Shabiha emerged in the 1970s as Alawite gangsters from the coastal region with ties to the al-Assad family . They were involved in drug - and weapons-smuggling from Lebanon , where they moved those and more benign products from the more robust economy next door into the closed Syrian society . The name Shabiha is thought to be taken from the Arabic word for "  ghost . " Photos : In Syria , families flee and rebels fight One Syrian writer , Yassin al-Haj Shalih , says it refers to people operating "  outside the law and living in the shadows . " He and others also think it might be taken from "  shabah , " the name of a Mercedes model that Shabiha members drove . After the uprising started last year , the Shabiha were enlisted as regime fighters , and the meaning of the term is widely regarded as "  thug . " The name fits , said Michael Weiss , a Syria expert at the UK-based Henry Jackson Society . They used to smuggle drugs and weapons , Weiss said , but "  now they are being used as butchers . " Weiss said the government has been blaming the violence across Syria on anti-regime forces . But he said the Shabiha , in fact , "  are the armed gangs " terrorizing the populace . Sometimes Shabiha wear fatigue pants and T-shirts and have been seen on army tanks . They drive around in white pickups brandishing weapons , Weiss said , and they look like "  muscleheads with bulging physiques . " Many have shaved heads and sport thick black beards . Syria : How a year of horror unfolded The beards are a confusing touch , Weiss said , because they "  want to look like Salafists " so people will think they are the fundamentalist Sunnis they dislike and blame for violence . Shabiha have broken up demonstrations and harassed diplomats , said Andrew Tabler , Syria expert for the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . He also said people have come under international sanctions for directing Shabiha activities . Opinion : The only glimmer of hope for Syria Calling them the "  black market " version of the Syrian security forces , Weiss said they spy for the regime and keep weapons away from resistance fighters by purchasing as many as they can on the black market . Weiss said they also plunder property , gang rape and engage in summary executions . "  Houla was the global recognition of what they 'd been up to , " he said . The regime uses Shabiha for "  plausible deniability , " Weiss said . For example , the government can say the military was n't involved in house-to-house raids actually conducted by Syrian security forces . Massacre in Syrian town feels eerily familiar Analysts say the Shabiha also operate in other parts of the country , such as Deir Ezzor in the east . Weiss said there are reports of other pro-government proxies , such as Kurdish militants , Shiite militants from Lebanon and Iraq , and Iranian forces . The Alawite region is largely along the coast , with Latakia at its center . Joshua Landis , director of the Center for Middle East Studies and associate professor of Middle Eastern studies at the University of Oklahoma , said Alawites live "  cheek by jowl " near Sunnis in Homs , Hama and Idlib province in the west . He describes that as a "  poor band of countryside " that 's the "  center of the revolution . " "  Not good fences , " he said . In a recent essay , Landis wrote that "  since the start of the uprising , many Syrian tribesmen have supported the state 's security apparatus , controlled by the Assad family . This is not a new practice , and Syrian tribes have been used as enforcers for the Syrian government for decades . In many restive regions of Syria , tribesmen are deployed by the Syrian military as paramilitary forces called Shabiha . " He wrote they have also been referred to as "  jahaaz , which means ` apparatus , ' as in a security apparatus , but has the connotation of ` political tools . ' " Landis notes that in the 1970s , the "  feared " Shabiha also played an important role in providing Syrians ' goods , from mayonnaise to toothpaste . "  They became this super-regime dedicated element , whose livelihood and future were dependent on the regime , " Landis said . When the troubles started , the regime turned to its indigenous muscle for help , mobilized their networks and "  turned them into special forces and shock troops . " "  This was necessary because the multi-ethnic army became undependable , " Landis said of the huge army with a strong Sunni presence . "  They are defecting and do n't want to shoot . They wo n't shoot at other Sunnis . " Russia , China call for non-intervention As a result , the regime cycled in "  tons of shabiha who are going to do the heavy lifting , " and tit-for-tat sectarian blood vendettas have unfolded . He said the recent massacres indicate that the Shabiha are gaining power and influence while the regime is "  flailing around " and "  losing control of the Syrian army . " "  Irregular or special forces are increasingly calling the shots , " he said . Landis likened the situation to Iraq , where minority Sunnis who prevailed during the Saddam Hussein regime lost their clout after a populace dominated by Shiites and Kurds took power . Some Shabiha might hail from other communities , such as the Sunni or Christian . But the mostly Alawite membership join up for money and because they believe they will be persecuted by a Sunni-dominated opposition if al-Assad 's regime is toppled , analysts say . The Alawites , who dominate state ministries and have more jobs than other ethnic groups , are clinging to the top and know they will face a "  bleak future . " "  All the incentives are to back the regime . They got their backs against the wall . There 's going to be hell to pay when they lose power , " Landis said . For now , White said , the resistance has learned to spot the pro-regime fighters . The Free Syrian Army opposition fighters have been attacking the Shabiha and getting their weapons . "  It looks like the FSA has a lot more guns , " he said . "  I 'm not seeing a lot of reports of them running low . "	The Shabiha emerged in the '70s as a criminal gang The word might be derived from the name of a Mercedes Special forces like the Shabiha are gaining in influence , an analyst says They used to smuggle drugs and weapons , but "  now they are being used as butchers "
CNN  -- The images of seals being harassed on a California beach are perplexing and disturbing . In the middle of the night , two women sit on harbor seals , kick them or pull their flippers , all the while snapping flash pictures . The animals eventually flee into the water . A newly installed video camera captures that attack and others on the seals , who have been using the beach at Children 's Pool in La Jolla for decades . Sara Wan of the Western Alliance for Nature said her organization installed the camera after years of people who are opposed to the seals ' presence on the beach being cruel to the animals , trying to scare them off the sand . "  One of the things we found with the camera is it shows what we knew was going on before , " she says . "  Now people are seeing what is going on and saying , ` You 're right , that 's wrong . ' " San Diego Mayor Bob Filner placed a sunset to sunrise curfew on the beach , saying people can disagree about how a beach should be used , but they can not abuse animals , CNN affilate KGTV reported . The restrictions end May 15 after pupping season is over . The beach was a popular spot for parents to take their children for a safe place to swim , but harbor seals took over the beach in the early 1990s , KGTV said . Beach-access advocates want the area returned to its original use , the station reported . Because most cases of animal abuse or neglect are never reported , it is difficult to say whether the number of incidents are increasing . But with enhanced technology and social media , some of the most egregious cases have recently caught the attention of the media . There were cases where people apparently were ignorant of the law , such as the woman in Florida who rode a manatee , and other more serious ones where people showed wanton disregard for wildlife , as in the case of two sea birds found struggling to breathe after someone forced beer cans over their heads . In December , at least 10 dead dolphins washed up on beaches in the Gulf Coast . Some were shot , while others were stabbed . It makes you wonder , what is wrong with people ? "  I really do n't understand how someone can be deliberately cruel to an animal like that . It 's really baffling , " says Sharon Young , marine issues field director with the Humane Society of the United States . "  They know it 's illegal , they know it 's wrong . " Studies have shown that people who have little or no empathy for animals often have none for other humans , activists say . Animal cruelty is a crime that mostly goes unreported . A 1997 report from the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says that only 40 % of people who witness abuse ever report it . The same study found people who committed violent crimes against animals were five times more likely to commit violent crimes against humans than were other people who lived in the same neighborhoods . According to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , there are three reasons people abuse animals . Most people , the ASPCA says on its website devoted to children , "  do n't think about or realize what they are doing . " Take , for instance , the pet owner who does n't understand how cruel it is to tie a pet up all day on a chain that is too short . Another type of abuser is the person who is bowing to peer pressure . In those cases , the person , usually someone young , does n't hurt or harass animals but a few times . Eventually , they learn to feel for the animal , the organization says . The third category is people who enjoy hurting animals . These people are often looking to demonstrate their power , the ASPCA says . Sometimes , people feel they are at odds with the wildlife , Young says . It 's a clash , where a growing human population wants the same space as the animal population , Wan says . The pressure is growing . "  And more and more we are taking it out on wildlife , " she says . Both Wan and Young agree that there is n't a problem with the legal penalties for animal cruelty , but with catching and convicting the bad guys . "  We do n't need stronger laws , but clearly there is a need for stronger enforcement , " Young says . "  We need to make proverbial examples of some people . " Her organization works with groups to educate the public . In the case of the seals , the cruelty has "  accelerated so rapidly " that activists are scrambling to do something , she said . They hope to create a video that draws attention to the problem . For now , she and Wan hope the beach closure will help give the seals a respite from the types of incidents caught on camera .	Video camera captures instances of abuse against seals on a California beach Other incidents of animal cruelty include people putting beer cans on sea birds Some people abuse animals due to peer pressure , but some enjoy doing it , ASPCA says Conservationists say more enforcement is needed , not more laws
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Supporters of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his main political rival attended demonstrations at separate locations in Tehran on Tuesday in the wake of last week 's disputed presidential election . Al-Alam footage shows Ahmadinejad supporters rallying Tuesday in central Tehran . While pro-Ahmadinejad crowds descended on Vali Asr Square in central Tehran , Mir Hossein Moussavi urged his own supporters to cancel their plans to rally at the square after mass protests a day earlier in which seven people were reportedly killed . Instead , his supporters gathered at a different location in Tehran , according to video footage of the rally . Iran 's government banned international journalists from covering election rallies Tuesday and blocked access to some online communication tools .  Full story Reporters for international news outlets , including CNN , could talk about the rallies in their live reports but were not allowed to leave their hotel rooms and offices . The decision was an apparent reaction to video showing violence at recent demonstrations in support of Moussavi , who is disputing the results of Friday 's presidential election . Watch government coverage of a pro-Ahmadinejad rally " Iran 's government has criticized some of that coverage and the images , describing them as biased . Also Tuesday , Iran 's powerful Guardian Council announced a partial vote recount , an apparent U-turn after the country 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei endorsed ultraconservative Ahmadinejad 's win . The Guardian Council met with the three opposition candidates -- Moussavi , Mehdi Karrubi and Mohsen Rezaie -- and asked them to specify the areas where they wanted a recount , a council spokesman told the official Islamic Republic News Agency . Watch how the decision may not satisfy the opposition " Moussavi rejected the recount , according to an official close to his camp , demanding fresh elections and accusing the country 's religious elite of trying to further manipulate the outcome of the original vote . An official close to the opposition leader 's camp , speaking on condition of anonymity , said a recount would provide another opportunity for the government to manipulate the results . He said the council ordered the printing of 53 million ballots for the elections , but only 39 million were used . Fourteen million ballots were missing . Khamenei appealed to Iranians on Tuesday to stand behind the Islamic republic . "  Some people are against the unity of the Iranian nation and the solidarity of the Islamic system , " Khamenei said in a meeting with representatives of the four presidential candidates , government-funded Press TV reported . "  Such acts and vandalism and some crimes that were committed are not related to the candidates ' supporters but to disturbers of peace and all should stand against them , " Khamenei said . A former Iranian parliamentary speaker , addressing Tuesday 's pro-Ahmadinejad rally , called on Moussavi to accept defeat . Gholam Ali Haddad Adel urged Moussavi to "  take the leaders ' advice " so that "  everyone will benefit " "  I want to remind my brother Mr. Moussavi that we do know that the leadership of the revolution likes you and he has advised you if you have any complaints please refer to the Council of Guardians , " Adel said . Iranian security forces arrested three reformist politicians Tuesday for their alleged involvement in orchestrating post-election violence , Press TV reported . Mohammed Ali Abtahi , an adviser to presidential candidate and former parliament speaker Mehdi Karrubi , was one of the three detained . Abtahi was also Iran 's vice president under reformist President Mohammed Khatami . The other two were identified as Behzad Nabavi and Saeed Hajjarian . Ahmadinejad 's resounding election win surprised many experts who had expected Moussavi to win or put up a much stronger fight . Moussavi , a former prime minister thought of as a reformist , enjoys tremendous support among youth , who make up almost 60 percent of Iran 's population of 70 million . He tapped into their dissatisfaction with the faltering economy under Ahmadinejad and with an unemployment rate that tops 30 percent by some accounts , analysts said . Watch how cyberspace is used by opposition " But Kaveh Afrasiabi , a political scientist who supports Ahmadinejad , said the incumbent 's widespread support in rural areas and small towns was the reason for his win with more than 62 percent of the vote . Since Moussavi contested the results , his supporters have taken to the streets every day , often clashing with police and Ahmadinejad 's backers . iReport.com : On the ground in Iran Seven people were killed on Monday night in the capital , Tehran , after they allegedly attacked a military post near Azadi -- or Freedom -- Square , government-funded Press TV said . The site was the same one where Moussavi had earlier in the day appealed to his supporters , a crowd of at least 10,000 . Watch crowds call for change " Moussavi 's presence was his first public appearance since the election . He called on authorities to stop attacks on his supporters and urged his followers to continue demonstrating peacefully . "  You are not breaking glass , " he said . "  You are breaking tyranny . " Watch Christiane Amanpour report from rally " Ahmadinejad was in Russia on Tuesday to meet with President Dmitry Medvedev . He was welcomed as the "  newly re-elected president of Iran , " with deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov telling reporters , "  The issue of elections in Iran is an internal affair of the Iranian people . " Reaction from other world leaders to the disputed election has been , for the most part , guarded . In Washington , President Obama reiterated his "  deep concerns " about the election during a White House Rose Garden appearance Tuesday with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak . "  When I see violence directed at peaceful protesters , when I see peaceful dissent being suppressed , wherever that takes place , it is of concern to me and of concern to the American people , " he said . "  My hope is that the Iranian people will take the right steps in order for them to be able to express their voices , express their aspirations . " He said the initial reaction from Iran 's supreme leader indicates that "  he understands the Iranian people have deep concerns about the election . " "  People want to see debate , " he said . "  How that plays out is something for the Iranian people to decide . " Criticism of the Iranian election earned the representatives of several European nations -- France , Germany , the Netherlands , Britain , Italy and the Czech Republic -- a visit to Iran 's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday , where each received a notice of protest for interfering in Iran 's internal affairs , according to Press TV . The European Union had expressed concern over the use of force on protesters . CNN 's Octavia Nasr , Reza Sayah and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	NEW : Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei urges Iranians to stand behind republic Thousands of Ahmadinejad supporters crowd streets of central Tehran Supporters backing Mir Hossein Moussavi protest for fourth day elsewhere in city Iran 's election authority to recount disputed votes in presidential election
CNN  -- The leaders of Sudan and newly independent South Sudan inked a deal Thursday that will resume oil exports , but failed to address other key disputes between the recently divorced countries . The African Union and the U.N. Security Council had initially given Sudan 's President Omar Al Bashir and South Sudan 's President Salva Kiir one day to come to an agreement on several issues that have threatened to spark an all-out war between the two nations . The two leaders began talks Sunday in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa . In addition to restarting oil exports from South Sudan , the two presidents agreed on a demilitarized zone and principles of border demarcation . Yet they could not reach a deal on the status of Abyei , a disputed region claimed by both countries , which has been a contentious issue since the South declared independence on July 9 of last year . Speaking at Thursday 's signing ceremony , Kiir said the agreement marked a great day for the two nations but called for a swift resolution to the question of Abyei 's future , for the sake of its people . Al Bashir also welcomed the deal , saying it reflected a "  desire to achieve peace and stability and the mutual benefit " of the two nations . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon praised both presidents for "  demonstrating the statesmanship that made a comprehensive agreement possible , and for having once again chosen peace over war . " More : Sudan 's wanted president visits Egypt Under the agreement , South Sudan will resume oil exports to Sudan , which controls the infrastructure through which the oil flows . South Sudan shut off its oil supply in January , saying that Sudan was stealing oil revenue . The South got around 70 % of the formerly united country 's reserves when it became independent last year . Both countries , especially South Sudan , have seen hyperinflation and a squeeze on incoming foreign currency , which has hurt their economies . The deal also set up a demilitarized zone along the two countries ' border where the militaries of Sudan and South Sudan and other armed groups are not allowed . "  This agreement breaks new ground in support of the international vision of two viable states at peace with each other , " President Obama said in a statement Thursday . The United States is prepared to work with both countries to resolve the outstanding issues , he added . The High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs , Catherine Ashton , also praised the deal , saying the security agreements will contribute to stabilizing the border area . The agreement did not address the status of disputed areas along the border and the fate of Abyei , critical security issues that must be resolved if the two countries are to have lasting peace . Those issues may be addressed in upcoming talks , according to South Sudan 's spokesman Atif Kiir . "  For the border issues we had agreed that we are going to continue our talks and we are hopeful to reach an agreement for the peace and security of the two countries , for the peace of the two regions and for the international community , " the spokesman said late Wednesday . Under a 2005 peace agreement that ended Sudan 's two-decade civil war , Abyei residents were to take part in a referendum on whether to join the South or remain a special administrative region within Sudan . The vote was to take place in January 2011 , at the same time as the referendum that led to South Sudan 's secession . But disputes over who was eligible to vote prevented the referendum from going forward in Abyei . Sudan and South Sudan have been under increasing pressure from the African Union and Security Council to resolve the matter peacefully . More : Supermodel returns home to South Sudan In April , Sudan and South Sudan slipped close to all-out war with a series of tit-for-tat air raids and ground attacks that prompted the African Union and Security Council to push the two sides to act . The Security Council had given the sides until Sunday to come up with a deal or face sanctions , but the negotiators said that deadline had been informally extended until the end of the talks .	The presidents of Sudan and South Sudan sign a deal on some points The two nations must still agree on the disputed territory of Abyei Border issues have festered since South Sudan became independent in 2011 An economic deal allowing both countries to share the South 's oil wealth is badly needed
Washington  CNN  As Republicans attempt to build more inroads with black voters , the Republican National Committee sought to highlight its progress on Wednesday , recognizing three newly elected black Republicans to Congress . The committee held its third annual awards lunch at the Howard Theatre , a historic black landmark in Washington where the RNC and more than 400 attendees also paid tribute to the late Republican Sen. Edward Brooke , the first African-American popularly elected to the U.S. Senate , who died last month at the age of 95 . The event recognized Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina , the first black senator elected from the South since Reconstruction  in 2014 he was elected to the same seat he was appointed to in December 2012  ; Rep. Will Hurd , the first black Republican elected to Congress from Texas ; and Rep. Mia Love of Utah , the first black Republican woman to serve in Congress . Woody Johnson , owner of the New York Jets and a major GOP donor , helped introduce the three lawmakers . "  It 's amazing to me that we 're dealing with ` firsts ' in this century , " Johnson told CNN in an interview after the event . "  There should be ` seconds , thirds and fourths , ' and really the Republican Party is open to all . " While Republicans had a big year in 2014 , Scott and Love still won largely with the support of white voters , while Hurd won with the support of white and Hispanic voters . In South Carolina , for example , Scott won 10 % of the black vote , only slightly more than the other South Carolina senator , Lindsey Graham , who 's white and brought in 6 % of the black vote . "  We 've got a ways to go , " RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said on stage Wednesday . "  I know we 're not going to carpet the world here in one or two years or one election cycle , but it 's an improvement , and we always have to be improving as a party . " Black voter turnout in the midterm election this past November did reach into the double-digits in some states , like Florida  12 %  , Wisconsin  10 %  and in Ohio , where Gov. John Kasich won re-election with 26 % of the black vote . For her part , Love told a story about a student who asked Love how she 's able to be a black Republican woman living in a red state like Utah in "  today 's America . " "  I am all of those things because I refuse to fit this mold that society tells me I need to fit into , " she replied . SEE ALSO : GOP places hopes on new class of black Republicans Love also urged Republicans to focus on a message of being independent from government . "  People who are independent are the ones that make a difference , " she said . "  We need to remove ourselves from a different kind of slavery , and what I 'm talking about is the slavery that comes from being dependent on people in power . " Narrowing the GOP 's gap with minority voters became a priority following the 2012 presidential loss , when Mitt Romney won only 6 % of the African-American vote and 27 % of the Latino vote . Romney 's privately recorded comments , in which he argued that 47 % of Americans were dependent on government , became a damaging moment for the then-nominee , and it 's a message that Republicans are still trying to run from . "  The reason Republicans lost can be summed up in two words : 47 % , " Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who 's seriously considering a presidential bid , said recently at an event sponsored by the Koch Brothers . That lesson helped spur renewed attention to anti-poverty efforts , and some potential presidential contenders , like Sen. Rand Paul and Gov. Chris Christie , have tried to appeal to minority voters by focusing on criminal justice reform . Wednesday 's event largely stayed away from policy and focused more on efforts Republicans have made to build relationships with black voters through community outreach and black media . The party has spent millions on hiring staff who are tasked with improving the Republican brand in places with nontraditional GOP voters . "  As we enter the presidential election year , we 'll share our ideas with Americans of all backgrounds , " Priebus said , adding that he 's committed to building a more "  inclusive " Republican Party . "  This is about being present all the time . America is strongest when both parties fight to earn every vote . No voter should be taken for granted , and no voter should be overlooked , " he said . The event also did n't touch on racial tensions that erupted last year with the shooting death of Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager , by a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , or the death of Eric Garner , an unarmed black man who was killed by police in a chokehold in New York City . Both cases , in which the officers were not indicted , became a political flashpoint and spurred mass protests across the country . Michael Tyler , director of African-American media at the Democratic National Committee , argued the RNC lunch was simply a "  perfunctory gesture " and called on Republicans to "  actually fight for the issues that most affect black families across the country , " naming education , health care and minimum wage as examples . "  While minority ` outreach ' is sorely lacking in today 's GOP , what is even more lacking is a record of real results , " Tyler said . CNN 's Athena Jones contributed to this report .	As part of a Black History Month celebration , Republicans paid tribute to record-setting members of Congress It 's part of the Republican National Committee 's effort to build a more welcoming brand for the GOP
Washington  CNN  -- The House may have voted contempt charges against Attorney General Eric Holder , but that has not ended the investigation into who at the Justice Department knew about Operation Fast and Furious -- and when . Tuesday , Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , sent a letter to Holder demanding to know who at the Justice Department was aware of a Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives memo on questionable tactics , which was forwarded to ATF headquarters and possibly to the Justice Department one day before Justice sent a faulty letter to Grassley denying any "  gunwalking . " "  Which DOJ personnel received a copy of the February 3 , 2011 memorandum before the February 4 , 2011 reply was sent to me ? " Grassley demanded to know . Grassley said information he has received , apparently from whistleblowers , indicated the memo questioning Fast and Furious from ATF field agent Gary Styers had caused a stir at ATF headquarters . "  It has been alleged individuals within the Deputy Attorney General 's office and Office of Legislative Affairs at the Department were aware of or actually read the memorandum before the Department 's February 4 , 2011 letter was sent , " Grassley said . Grassley said he wants answers and any relevant documents no later than July 17 , 2012 . The issue is significant because the February 4 letter from Justice denied any "  gunwalking " of illegally purchased firearms that had made their way across the Mexican border to drug cartels . But the Justice Department 10 months later had to admit to Congress that letter was wrong , and it was formally withdrawn by senior Justice officials . A senior Justice Department official familiar with the Grassley letter when asked for reaction said only , "  We will respond appropriately . "	NEW : "  We will respond appropriately , " says a Justice Department official Sen. Grassley 's letter demands answers from Attorney General Holder At issue is a February 2011 memo that preceded a DOJ letter to Grassley
Tokyo  CNN  -- Rescuers searched typhoon-swept waters off South Korea 's Jeju Island Tuesday for 28 Chinese fishermen missing in the wake of Typhoon Bolaven , a ferocious storm that headed for the Korean Peninsula after making landfall on Okinawa . Maritime police on Jeju Island said six people had been rescued but searches were on for the others after two boats capsized early Tuesday as Bolaven raged . Okinawa , meanwhile , emerged relatively unscathed after the typhoon swept it with maximum sustained winds near its center of 185 kilometers per hour  115 mph  , according to the Hong Kong Observatory , which monitors storms in the region . That wind strength put Bolaven in the "  super typhoon " category . And with a cloud field of 2,000 kilometers  1,250 miles  , it was 20 times larger than Okinawa 's length . But the island , which is situated in an area of the western Pacific Ocean where typhoons are frequent , avoided the kind of destruction that some other storms have caused in East Asia this summer . Five people were injured in Okinawa , the local authorities said , and 549 residents took shelter in public buildings to avoid potential damage to their homes . About 17,500 households lost electricity as the storm damaged power lines . Storm chaser James Reynolds was on the northwestern coast of the island during the worst of the typhoon . "  Like the rest of the population we all just kind of holed up in the strong and sturdy buildings which make up Okinawa , " he said Monday . The infrastructure on Okinawa is designed to withstand violent storms . "  Everything 's made of solid concrete , " Reynolds said . The damage was also limited because Bolaven did n't bring winds as powerful as initially feared , said Morichiyo Ohshiro , an official from the Okinawa Prefecture Disaster Prevention and Crisis Management Division . North of Okinawa , the Amami Islands suffered a major power outage as a result of the typhoon . According to Kyushu Electric Power Corporation , which provides power to the area , 56,300 households were without power as of Monday morning . All residents of about 2,540 households on Yoron , one of the islands in the chain , were advised by the local authorities to relocate to nearby public facilities as the storm made its way northward . President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea on Monday called on government agencies to take measures to minimize damage from the approaching storm , the national news agency Yonhap reported , citing Park Jeong-ha , a spokesman for Lee . Isaac near hurricane strength ; watch extends to Louisiana Typhoon Tembin made landfall in southern Taiwan a few days ago , and was expected to work its way toward Hong Kong . But Bolaven , which is much stronger , has stopped Tembin 's movement toward Hong Kong and has been spinning it around . Time : Most destructive U.S. hurricanes "  As Typhoon Bolaven moves northward towards the Yellow Sea , it will drag Tembin toward the China coast very near Shanghai , " said CNN International meteorologist Tom Sater . "  That 's an amazing change in direction . " Are you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . Photos : Finding beauty in violent storms CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Yoko Wakatsuki and Ralitsa Vassileva ; and CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri contributed to this report .	NEW : Six Chinese fishermen rescued after boats capsize in typhoon NEW : Search is on for another 28 fishermen still missing Typhoon 's winds in Okinawa not as strong as initially feared , local official says Typhoon Bolaven 's cloud field is about 20 times the length of Okinawa
MALAYA VISHERA , Russia  Reuters  -- Russia launched a terrorism investigation on Tuesday after a bomb derailed an express train traveling from Moscow to St Petersburg , overturning carriages and injuring dozens of passengers . Rescuers work at the site of train derailment near the Malaya Vishera village caused by an apparent explosion . "  The train accident was caused by a homemade explosive device , " Sergei Bednichenko , chief prosecutor for Russia 's North West district , told Channel One television . "  A criminal case has been opened under article 205 , clause 3 , that is terrorism . " The head of Russia 's Federal Security Service  FSB  , Nikolai Patrushev , linked the bombing to an insurgency in the south of the country around Chechnya , where Moscow has been fighting a long rebellion against its rule . Officials briefed Russian President Vladimir Putin on the investigation into the train bombing and he asked to be informed of any developments , a Kremlin spokeswoman said . The derailed train was an overnight service travelling on one of the country 's busiest rail routes . It is heavily used by businesspeople and foreign tourists . Sixty passengers and train crew were injured in the derailment , and 38 of them were admitted to hospital , a spokeswoman for rail operator Russian Railways said . About 250 people were on board in all . The incident happened late on Monday near the village of Malaya Vishera in the Novgorod region , about 500 km  300 miles  north of Moscow and 170 km from St Petersburg . The bomb was planted on a bridge over a road and left a crater about 2 meters  6 ft  across , eyewitnesses said . The train came off the tracks just after crossing the bridge , a Reuters photographer at the scene said . Russia 's Interfax news agency quoted an FSB official as saying the bomb contained 2 kg  4.4 lb  of explosive material . Patrushev said the train bomb was part of a pattern of violence that also included a spate of attacks on security forces and officials in the North Caucasus region around Chechnya . "  We have been able to significantly reduce the ... number of terrorist attacks , " Interfax news agency quoted Patrushev as saying . "  Nevertheless , the threat of extremism and terrorism has not been removed once and for all . " The Reuters photographer at the crash scene said nearly all the carriages and the locomotive had left the tracks , and at least three carriages were tipped onto their side . "  We heard two explosions , then the train put on the brakes suddenly , " one conductor on board the train , who did not want to be identified , told Reuters . "  The train shook . A panic started , " he said . "  We smashed out the glass and helped the passengers out ... The worst damage was in the restaurant car . That is where most of the casualties were . " Rebel fighters linked to Chechnya have used bombs to target passenger trains in the past . In 2003 , an explosion tore through a morning commuter train outside Yessentuki , north-west of Chechnya , killing 46 people . In 2005 , a passenger train heading from Chechnya to Moscow was derailed about 150 km from the Russian capital . Eight people were treated in hospital . Chechnya 's separatist rebels have been weakened by the killing of many of their field commanders . They have not carried out any major attacks outside the North Caucasus for at least a year . But insurgent groups from neighbouring Russian regions -- most of them Islamist militants -- have been increasingly active , ambushing police patrols and bombing army bases . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Russian prosecutors launch terrorism investigation into train derailment Homemade bomb caused accident , prosecutor says Overnight express train headed from Moscow to St. Petersburg 60 passengers and train crew injured , of which 38 hospitalized
CNN  -- The U.S. government and business tycoon Richard Branson led a growing chorus of voices around the world Tuesday slamming Uganda 's new anti-gay bill , which would make some gay acts punishable by life in prison . The bill , which in its original form prescribed the death penalty for cases of "  aggravated homosexuality " -- for instance if someone is infected with HIV -- reduced the penalty to life imprisonment before the vote . Clauses that criminalize the "  promotion " of homosexuality could cause activists and even doctors treating gay patients with HIV to face prison time . The United States opposes "  any legislation that undermines a person 's enjoyment of his or her human rights , and for that reason we condemn legislation that criminalizes consensual sexual conduct between adults or criminalizes simply being of a particular sexual orientation or gender identity , " a State Department official said Tuesday . Emphasizing that Washington respects Uganda 's sovereignty , the official noted that some of Uganda 's own government institutions have spoken out "  against further criminalization of homosexuality . " "  As Americans , we believe that people everywhere deserve to live in freedom and equality -- and that no one should face violence or discrimination for who they are and whom they love , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  We join those in Uganda and around the world who appeal for respect for the human rights of LGBT persons and of all persons . " Among those condemning Uganda 's anti-gay bill was British billionaire and Virgin chief Branson , who tweeted that he "  would n't do business in Uganda due to their dreadful anti-gay laws . " He urged others to follow suit . In a statement on his website , under the headline "  Let people love whoever they want , " Branson wrote that he was seriously considering doing business in Uganda , but the "  witch hunt against the gay community and lifetime sentences means it would be against my conscience to support this country . " "  Governments must realise that people should be able to love whoever they want , " he wrote . "  It is not for any government  or anyone else  to ever make any judgments on people 's sexuality . They should instead celebrate when people build loving relationships that strengthen society , no matter who they are . " Gay-rights activists have warned of mounting violence against homosexuals after Parliament passed the controversial legislation last week . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts have been punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . But lawmakers in the conservative nation sought even harsher legislation , saying the Western lifestyle risks destroying Ugandan family units . "  What we are convinced and sure of is that nobody can in one 's right conscience and consciousness choose to be homosexual , " said Simon Lokodo , Uganda 's minister for ethics and integrity . "  This must be under pressure or conditions because we know that the natural tendency is always for a male to go for a female and vice versa . " For the bill to become law , President Yoweri Museveni will have to approve it within 30 days .	NEW : The United States appeals to Uganda to respect human rights Richard Branson calls on companies to refuse business in Uganda The bill would make some gay acts punishable by life in prison If the president agrees , it will become law
Can a boss fire an employee he finds attractive because he and his wife , fairly or not , see her as a threat to their marriage ? Yes , the Iowa Supreme Court ruled Friday . "  The question we must answer is ... whether an employee who has not engaged in flirtatious conduct may be lawfully terminated simply because the boss views the employee as an irresistible attraction , " Justice Edward M. Mansfield wrote for the all-male high court . Such firings may not be fair , but they do not constitute unlawful discrimination under the Iowa Civil Rights Act , the decision read , siding with a lower court . An attorney for Melissa Nelson , the fired employee , said the decision was wrong . "  We are appalled by the court 's ruling and its failure to understand the nature of gender bias , " said Paige Fiedler , the attorney . "  For the seven men on the Iowa Supreme Court not to ` get it ' is shocking and disheartening . It underscores the need for judges on the bench to be diverse in terms of their gender , race and life experiences . " Read the court 's decision  PDF The case concerns her client 's employment as a dental assistant . Nelson worked for James Knight in 1999 and stayed for more than 10 years at the Fort Dodge business . Toward the end of her employment , Knight complained to Nelson her clothing was tight and "  distracting , " the decision read . She denied her clothes were inappropriate . At one point , Knight told Nelson that "  if she saw his pants bulging , she would know her clothing was too revealing , " the decision read . At another point , in response to an alleged comment Nelson made about the infrequency of her sex life , Knight responded : -LSB- T -RSB- hat 's like having a Lamborghini in the garage and never driving it . " During the last six months of Nelson 's employment , Nelson and Knight , both married with children , started sending text messages to each other outside of work . Neither objected to the texting . Knight 's wife , who was employed at the same dental office , found out about those messages in late 2009 and demanded he fire Nelson . In early 2010 , he did just that . In the presence of a pastor , Knight told Nelson she had become a "  detriment " to his family and that for the sakes of both their families , they should no longer work together , the decision read . Knight gave Nelson one month 's severance . In a subsequent conversation between Knight and Nelson 's husband , Knight said Nelson had done nothing wrong and that "  she was the best dental assistant he ever had , " the decision read . Nelson filed a lawsuit , contending that Knight fired her because of her gender . She did not say he committed sexual harassment . In response , Knight argued that Nelson was fired because of the "  nature of their relationship and the perceived threat " to his marriage , not because of her gender . In fact , he said , Knight only employs women and replaced Nelson with another female employee . A district court sided with Knight ; Nelson appealed . "  As we have indicated above , the issue before us is not whether a jury could find that Dr. Knight treated Nelson badly , " read the high court 's decision . "  We are asked to decide only if a genuine fact issue exists as to whether Dr. Knight engaged in unlawful gender discrimination when he fired Nelson at the request of his wife . For the reasons previously discussed , we believe this conduct did not amount to unlawful discrimination , and therefore we affirm the judgment of the district court . "	Melissa Nelson worked as a dental assistant for James Knight for more than 10 years Knight complained Nelson wore tight clothes , was a "  detriment " to his family Knight 's wife demanded he fire Nelson ; he did The all-male high court rules her termination did not constitute unlawful discrimination
London  CNN  -- Members of the royal family , UK government and dignitaries gathered Tuesday in Westminster Abbey for a service to mark the 60th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II 's coronation . The queen was accompanied to the service by her husband , Prince Philip , as well as her son Prince Charles and her grandchildren , among them Princes William and Harry . William 's pregnant wife Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , was also present . She is expecting their first child in July , just over two years after they were married at the abbey . Prime Minister David Cameron gave a reading as the service began amid pomp and ceremony . The queen acceded to the throne in 1952 , but her formal coronation took place on June 2 , 1953 . Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby in his reading paid tribute to the queen 's "  60 years of commitment " and service since she was crowned . The Bishop of London , the Right Rev. Richard Chartres , also hailed the queen 's "  affectionate service " to her people in the United Kingdom and Commonwealth and "  the strength and inspiration she fosters " there . The music and choral works performed at Tuesday 's service reflected the choice of music for the coronation 60 years ago . After the service , the queen and Philip stepped out into brilliant sunshine amid the tolling of bells , climbing into a glass-topped limousine for the return journey to Buckingham Palace . Diamond Jubilee celebrations were held last year to mark the queen 's 60 years on the throne . There have been 38 coronations at Westminster Abbey since the coronation of William the Conqueror in 1066 . A special "  coronation chair " ordered built by Edward I , who reigned from 1272 to 1307 , has been used for almost every coronation since the 14th century . Queen Elizabeth II 's coronation in 1953 was the first to be televised , allowing her British subjects to watch the entire ceremony . OPINION : Why Queen Elizabeth wo n't step down	Members of the royal family join a service to celebrate 60 years since the coronation The queen acceded to the throne in 1952 , but her formal coronation took place in 1953 Prince William and his pregnant wife Catherine are among the guests
CNN  -- "  Stop and smell the roses . " If you 're like me -- and the millions of other workaholics in America -- this line elicits an immediate eye roll and a visceral reaction of : "  You have got to be kidding me . How can I stop and smell the roses with all the work I need to get done ?! " What can I say ? I work a lot and I enjoy it . I barely stop working on vacations . My body may be sitting on a beautiful beach , but my mind will still be racing ahead planning my next work-related move like I 'm a player in the career version of , "  Game of Thrones . " But then I read an article a few months ago that had a profound impact on me . This article shared the observations of a nurse who had cared for dying patients on their deathbed . She documented their regrets as they reflected upon their lives and their impending demise . Did these people -- faced with their own mortality -- express their disappointment over not putting in more hours at work ? Did they lament over work-related e-mails they wished they had answered or express remorse over business meetings they missed attending ? Nope . In fact , she found the opposite . The No. 2 most common regret expressed to the nurse -- and the number one regret of men under her care -- was : "  I wish I had n't worked so hard . " As the nurse noted , "  This came from every male patient that I nursed . They missed their children 's youth and their partner 's companionship . " The nurse also shared the other common regrets articulated by her patients , such as their disappointment in not pursing their dreams , failing to have the courage to express their true feelings and not allowing themselves to be happy . But of all of these , the one that struck me the deepest was : "  I wish I had n't worked so hard . " I thought about this for a while , letting this deathbed regret percolate in my mind . My wiring is to work all the time -- partly because I actually enjoy it  or at least I believe I do  and partly because I inherited my Palestinian father 's immigrant work ethic .  Which is tempered slightly by my mother 's Italian culture that emphasizes enjoying life . I wondered if it would be possible for me to truly "  stop and smell the roses " ? After a great deal of introspection , I came to this candid conclusion : No , I could n't -- and I doubt others like me could either . But I do believe that I 'm capable of "  slowing down and smelling a rose or two . " So this summer , I have decided to carve out moments from my work in the areas of standup comedy , writing and producing to relax a bit -- maybe even have some semblance of a social life . For those not swayed yet to join my "  smell a rose or two this summer " campaign , you should be aware that there are actual tangible benefits to giving yourself some down time . As the Mayo Clinic notes , simple relaxation can reduce stress and improve your health . Take a yoga class , meditate or learn muscle relaxation techniques that literally only take a few minutes a day to perform -- these all help reduce stress . And for those who will only consider relaxing more because it means you will be better at your job , you are in luck . A study in the Journal of Epidemiology found that people who worked 35 to 40 hours per week , as opposed to 55-plus hours , were better at problem-solving and had better short-term memory . Bottom line : Lowering hours worked per week can make you more productive . But wait , there 's more : A 2012 study , which examined the actual benefits of "  stopping to smell the roses , " found that people who appreciated the blessings in their lives tended to be happier . Thus , appreciating the "  roses " in your life -- be they relationships , family , or even the beauty of nature -- will likely lift your spirits and increase your happiness . The summer of 2013 officially begins this week . What 's going to be for you this summer ? More work , more e-mails , more meetings ? Or will it be a summer where you allow yourself to slow down a bit -- just a bit -- to have some fun , to relax and to appreciate the nice things in your life ? I think it 's best put by a famous line from the movie , "  Inception " : "  Do you want to take a leap of faith , or become an old man -LSB- or old woman -RSB- , filled with regret , waiting to die alone ? " I have made my choice . What about you ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	A nurse said that the number one regret of dying men is that they wished they worked less Dean Obeidallah : I 'm a workaholic , but I was profoundly affected by the dying men 's remorse He says he really enjoys work and ca n't stop to smell the roses , but he will try to slow down Obeidallah : Relaxing has health benefits and can make you happier , so go for it if you can
CNN  -- Many months after his doomsday prediction failed to materialize , a humbled California preacher has admitted his mistake and said he is out of the forecasting game . The Day of Rapture , as predicted by apocalyptic Christian broadcaster Harold Camping , passed without calamity on May 21 . Camping 's second date , October 21 , also came and went without so much as a whimper . The world , it seems , is not doomed . "  We humbly acknowledge we were wrong , " Camping and his staff members wrote in a letter to supporters posted on the website of Family Radio , Camping 's California-based broadcast ministry . He goes further , saying he and his network are no longer interested in predicting when the world will end . Camping had originally said that those selected for salvation would be raptured up to heaven May 21 , and those left behind would face months of judgment amid destruction before the world 's end October 21 . The Family Radio website tweaked the prediction after May 21 , saying God had shown mercy by sparing people five months of suffering . But final judgment was still slated to come October 21 , when salvation and the world 's destruction would happen at once . "  We must also openly acknowledge that we have no new evidence pointing to another date for the end of the world . Though many dates are circulating , Family Radio has no interest in even considering another date . God has humbled us through the events of May 21 , to continue to even more fervently search the Scriptures  the Bible  , not to find dates , but to be more faithful in our understanding , " Camping wrote in the letter dated this month . The preacher first inaccurately predicted the world would end in 1994 . Despite his poor track record , he has gathered many followers . Some gave up their homes , jobs and life savings because they believed the world was ending .	Christian broadcaster Harold Camping predicted the end of the world would begin May 21 "  We humbly acknowledge we were wrong , " he writes Camping also says he is out of the forecasting game
CNN  -- South Africa have toppled England from the top of the world Test rankings after clinching a 2-0 series victory on the final day at Lord 's . The Proteas dominated play on day five to win by 51 runs , having won the opening match of the three-Test series by an innings and 12 runs and drawn the second encounter . The start of the final Test , which England needed to win to stay top of the rankings , was overshadowed by claims that key batsman Kevin Pietersen sent negative texts about his teammates to their South African rivals . The former national captain , who scored 149 in the second Test , was left out of the squad after refusing to sign a letter confirming he did not send the derogatory messages . Pietersen row overshadows battle for cricket 's number one ranking Resuming on Monday at 16-2 , the home side struggled to make any significant headway towards the 346 runs required to secure an unlikely victory and salvage the No. 1 ranking , and were 120 runs off the target with just three wickets remaining before the start of the final session . Ian Bell and James Taylor both fell for four as England crumbled to 45-4 , but Jonathan Trott and Jonny Bairstow added 89 for the fifth wicket to revive faint hopes of victory . Bairstow , called in to replace Pietersen , made 95 in the first innings and he again impressed with a quickfire 54 off 47 deliveries faced in his second knock before being bowled by spinner Imran Tahir . South Africa-born Trott was the next to go with the score on 146 as he fell to pace bowler Dale Steyn for the second time in the match , on this occasion succumbing to a superb diving catch at second slip by Jacques Kallis as he posted 63 off 159 balls . Matt Prior , another England player born in South Africa , made a defiant 73 before being the ninth man to fall as he edged a ball from Vernon Philander to captain Graeme Smith . Philander then dismissed tailender Steve Finn for no score to end with figures of 5-30 , and seven wickets for the match . Smith dedicated the victory to Mark Boucher , the team 's former wicketkeeper who was forced to retire from international cricket after suffering a serious eye injury in a warmup match ahead of the series . "  This is a message from all of us , " said Smith , who wore a shirt reading "  We miss you Bouch . " "  He 's been part of us for 147 games and this was meant to be his 150th . This victory was for him and for everything he has done for us . " England captain Andrew Strauss , who was reportedly the subject of some of Pietersen 's text messages , paid tribute to the tourists and acknowledged his team 's struggles in the past year since taking the No. 1 ranking from India . "  South Africa were the better side over the course of the series and thoroughly deserved their victory , " he told reporters . "  They were just better than us . I do n't look back on our time as number one with a great deal of fondness , as we had some tough times . "  That can be a good thing , though , as Test cricket tests you when you 're number one . We 've learned a lot and it 's a shame to hand it over , but they deserve to be number one and we will come back . " South Africa will next tour Australia for a three-Test series starting in November , while England will go to the sub-continent to take on India again . Pietersen 's future remains in doubt , and he is unlikely to be selected for the World Twenty20 competition starting next month . After being dropped , he was dismissed for no score in a limited-overs match for his county team Surrey . In a bid to limit damage to his selection hopes , last week he posted a video apology on the internet and later issued a contrite statement following his omission . "  The texts were meant as banter between close friends . I need to rein myself in sometimes , " he said . "  I apologize to Straussy and the team for the inappropriate remarks at the press conference and for the texts . I truly did n't mean to cause upset or tension particularly with important games at stake . " The England and Wales Cricket Board  ECB  , however , has refused to say whether Pietersen will ever play for England again . "  We are in receipt of Kevin 's apology , but further discussions need to take place to establish whether it is possible to regain the trust and mutual respect required to ensure all parties are able to focus on playing cricket and to maintain the unity of purpose that has served us so well in recent years , " said ECB managing director Hugh Morris .	South Africa end England 's one-year reign as cricket 's top-ranked Test team Vernon Philander takes five wickets for 30 runs as England batsmen struggle at Lord 's England went into match without Kevin Pietesen , who was axed over texting controversy Proteas will next travel to Australia in November for a three-Test series
CNN  -- Doctors will attempt to determine Monday why actor John Travolta 's teenage son died . An autopsy is scheduled for Monday to determine Jett Travolta 's cause of death . Jett Travolta , 16 , was found unconscious Friday while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas . He was taken by ambulance to a hospital and pronounced dead on arrival , local police said . Doctors will conduct an autopsy Monday , and the boy 's body later will be transferred to Ocala , Florida , for burial , Travolta attorney Michael Ossi said . In a statement posted on the actor 's Web site , Travolta and his wife , Kelly Preston , described Jett as "  the most wonderful son that two parents could ever ask for and lit up the lives of everyone he encountered . " Gallery : Jett Travolta and his family " "  We are heartbroken that our time with him was so brief , " they said . Jett Travolta had a seizure Friday at the West End resort where the Travoltas were staying , Ossi said . Watch how the boy had a history of seizures " Bahamian police said that a caretaker at the resort found the teenager unconscious in the bathroom . Ossi said that Jett struck his head on the bathtub after the seizure . Watch what could have happened to Jett Travolta " Jett 's death "  was completely out of the blue , " he said Friday . "  John and Kelly are happy when their children are happy . This is the worst day of John 's life . " The Travoltas , who arrived in the Bahamas on Tuesday , bought property there several years earlier , said former Bahamian Tourism Minister Obie Wilchcomb , who rushed to the hospital Friday to be with the family . "  Mr. Travolta spent a tremendous amount of time with his son Jett . He never left him at home . He always brought him with him . And once you saw John Travolta , you saw his son Jett . They were very close , very affectionate . Lots of love you see at all times , " Wilchcomb told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " The teen had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children and that can lead to heart disease . According to the American Heart Association , "  About 80 percent of the people with Kawasaki disease are under age 5 . Children over age 8 are rarely affected . " Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss Kawasaki disease " The causes of Kawasaki disease are unknown . Some scientists think it 's caused by an infectious agent , such as a virus . Some studies have noted a link between the disease and carpet-cleaning chemicals . "  With my son ... I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned , " John Travolta told CNN 's King in 2001 . "  And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome . " The boy was about 2 at the time he developed the illness , the actor said . The Travoltas also have a daughter , Ella , 8 . CNN 's Valerie Streit contributed to this report .	Jett Travolta died Friday while on vacation with family in the Bahamas The 16-year-old had seizure , struck head on bathtub , lawyer says Boy had suffered from Kawasaki disease , an inflammation of artery walls The teenager will be buried in Ocala , Florida
Washington  CNN  -- The inspector general who reported Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups said Thursday that he did n't have information until last week that the word "  progressive " also was on a list of criteria for extra scrutiny of tax-exempt applications . At a hearing of the House Oversight Committee , Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J. Russell George said the information that liberal groups also were probably targeted only came to him July 9 . His audit , released in May , cited criteria including "  tea party " and other conservative-themed words or labels that were used to decide whether applicants for tax-exempt status should come under further review . Since then , an investigation by the panel turned up documents that showed IRS workers also were told to look for the liberal-themed label . "  They were not provided during our audit , even though similar documents that list quote ` tea party ' unquote but not ` progressive ' were , " George said . "  I am very disturbed that these documents were not provided to our auditors at the outset , and we are currently reviewing this issue . " The IRS targeting revealed by George 's audit in May led to accusations by Republicans that the Obama administration could be using the tax agency 's powers against political enemies . Democrats have rejected such allegations and insisted that liberal groups also were targeted . Last week , the top Democrat on the House committee questioned why George 's audit had not included information on liberal groups being targeted . Thursday 's hearing was the first time George issued a public response to the criticism by Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland . "  We just learned recently that name was being used by the Internal Revenue Service , " George said of the term "  progressive . " George 's audit indicated that lax oversight at the IRS allowed for the singling out of some conservative groups starting in 2010 and continuing until last year . In particular , the report said IRS workers in the tax-exempt unit used "  Be on the Lookout " or BOLO lists of words such as "  tea party " to assess what applicants came under extra scrutiny that delayed decisions for months and even years . However , it also said no evidence existed that the targeting was politically motivated . George subsequently testified at previous hearings that he could not specifically identify whether any liberal groups were similarly targeted . However , Cummings said information made public last week showed that George , who was appointed in 2004 by GOP President George W. Bush , was aware that liberal groups also were targeted . On Thursday , George and other officials in the inspector general 's office said the audit focused on the BOLO list that included conservtive labels . George expressed frustration over how the issue has unfolded , at one point saying : "  This is not a clean-cut matter . There 's a lot going on here . " Earlier at Thursday 's hearing , two career IRS employees shot down the central premise of committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa 's argument that the agency 's targeting scandal was politically motivated . Asked repeatedly whether they knew of anyone at the IRS with political motives to obstruct applications for tax-exempt status by conservative groups , the pair told the panel "  no . " Issa himself asked the question early on in the committee 's third hearing on the issue , as did others from both parties amid bitter exchanges that focused attention on the political squabbling instead of the targeting cited by George 's report . Cummings challenged Issa on past comments suggesting that White House involvement in the targeting showed it was a weapon against political enemies of President Barack Obama . "  This is unsubstantiated nonsense , " Cummings said , adding that it undermined the integrity of the committee . For his part , Issa insisted that the testimony from IRS veterans Elizabeth Hofacre and Carter Hull established that IRS officials in Washington played a major role in the targeting . The problem was broader than the earlier claim by Democrats that it was limited to the agency 's Cincinnati office that handles tax-exempt applications , Issa said . "  We can today debunk the accusation that Cincinnati was , in fact , the story and that it never went to Washington , which it clearly did , " the California Republican said . However , his case was deflated by the unwavering insistence by Hofacre and Hull that they were unaware of any political motivation in the targeting or any influence from outside the IRS on extra scrutiny that delayed responses to applications . The hearing followed a series of accusatory memos and news releases by both sides as the IRS targeting issue descended further into a purely partisan spitting match . Issa sent the IRS a letter Wednesday that made new demands for all communications on the matter between the tax agency , the Treasury Department and Obama 's office since February 2010 . The letter , signed by Issa and other House Republicans , quoted excerpts of an interview with Hull that said the office of the IRS chief counsel -- who was appointed by Obama in 2009 -- played a role in scrutiny that delayed processing tax-exempt applications from some conservative groups . "  Its involvement and demands for information about political activity during the 2010 election cycle appears to have caused systematic delays in the processing of tea party applications , " the GOP letter said . In response , Cummings issued his own letter that accused Issa of dishonest intentions . IRS interviews show no political bias , Democrats say "  Rather than describing the whole truth , your letter appears yet again to create a skewed account based on partial , incomplete , and cherry-picked information while disregarding key evidence that contradicts your political narrative , " Cummings wrote . A day earlier , Cummings released a memo that cited excerpts from committee interviews with 15 IRS workers that found no evidence of political bias or White House manipulation alleged by Republicans . "  Despite an extremely aggressive investigation involving thousands of documents and more than a dozen interviews of IRS employees , the overwhelming evidence before the committee reveals no political motivation or White House involvement in this process , " said the memo written by the committee 's Democratic staff . Issa conceded in an opinion piece published Wednesday on the USA Today website that the two-month investigation has yet to find hard evidence of involvement in the targeting by anyone outside the IRS . He argued that the lack of proof does not mean the investigation should end . "  We candidly still do n't have clear answers to many important questions and have yet to begin interviewing senior IRS officials , " Issa wrote , saying "  judgment should be withheld until all relevant witnesses are interviewed and all documents reviewed . " Dems highlight IRS targeting of other groups In an editorial Thursday , USA Today questioned the value of the ongoing investigation . "  No political operatives from the Obama campaign or the White House have been linked to any of the IRS ' activities , " the editorial said . "  What 's more , it has become increasingly clear that confusion on the part of IRS employees , rather than a starkly political motive , was the primary cause of the delays . " At times during Thursday 's hearing , Issa took a conciliatory stance , saying that any evidence of targeting -- whether of liberal or conservative groups -- should be investigated . "  If the facts are that people got abused for myriad reasons , we ought to know it , " Issa said . Both Issa and Cummings asked George to provide more information on groups targeted by the IRS , and the inspector general pledged to do so . Cummings and other Democrats took aim Thursday at past statements by Issa and other Republicans , calling them blatantly political accusations with no basis in fact that went against the spirit of Issa 's call at the start of Thursday 's hearing to "  reject , categorically , assumptions for which there is not evidence . " Rep. Gerald Connolly , a Virginia Democrat , called for Issa to retract his earlier comments that the targeting involved only conservative groups and was an effort to target Obama 's political enemies . Issa responded that tea party groups that came under extra scrutiny could be considered political enemies of the president and that he had yet to see hard evidence that liberal groups were targeted . Conservative group takes IRS , top Obama officials to court Republicans made a point Thursday of singling out White House spokesman Jay Carney for criticism , noting he previously said that the targeting involved rogue IRS employees in Cincinnati . Hofacre described herself as offended by the characterization of the issue as misdeeds at her level . She and Hull said the delays in rendering final decisions on applications by conservative groups was because of a lack of guidance from superiors in Washington . Under tax law and IRS regulations , groups that primarily engage in political activity are ineligible for tax-exempt status . The targeting occurred after the 2010 ruling by the Supreme Court that opened the political process to more private contributions from business and labor , leading to increased applications for tax-exempt status from groups involved in political activity . In the memo Cummings made public Tuesday , IRS employees who identified themselves as Republicans , Democrats and independents said there was no political motivation or outside influence involved in the agency 's handling of tax-exempt requests from groups with possible or likely political affiliations . According to the memo , an IRS tax law specialist based in Washington who described herself as Republican said "  no , not at all " when asked whether there was any evidence that the agency targeted Obama 's political enemies . "  That 's kind of laughable that people think that , " the memo quoted the woman as saying . Cummings and other Democrats complained Thursday that the other IRS employees who had been interviewed were not called as witnesses to the latest hearing . ` Angry ' Obama announces IRS leader 's ouster CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : The IRS inspector general says liberal groups also were on target list Committee Chairman Issa concedes there is no proof that IRS targeting was political Issa is looking for a possible White House role in the targeting Democratic Rep. Cummings says Issa is on a partisan witch hunt
CNN  -- Britain formally ended its combat mission in Afghanistan on Sunday , lowering the Union Jack for the final time before handing over its last remaining base to Afghan forces . "  I made a commitment that I would get our Armed Forces out of Afghanistan by 2015 , and today sees the end of combat operations in the country , " Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted on Sunday . American troops also took part in the ceremony at the Bastion-Leatherneck coalition base in Helmand province , marking the end of 13 years of UK military operations in the country . Britain 's military presence moved to Helmand in 2006 to tackle an insurgency together with troops from the United States and other countries . A total of 453 UK troops have died in service in Afghanistan . "  We will always remember the courage of those who served in Afghanistan on our behalf and never forget those who made the ultimate sacrifice , " said Cameron . According to the Ministry of Defence , Afghan National Security Forces will take over the bases and all operations . The United Kingdom will continue to support them in their development . Already , the country 's military is handling most of its security needs . "  In June 2013 , the 330,000-strong ANSF took assumed lead responsibility for security across Afghanistan and since then they have been responsible for 99 % of operations , " the ministry said . Meanwhile , two rocket attacks hit the Wazir Akbar Khan neighborhood of Kabul , home to the American Embassy , reported Pajhwok News Agency and Tolo News , a CNN affiliate that cited Kabul police spokesman Hashmat Stanekzai . There were no known casualties . Also , two rockets landed outside the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Kabul , confirmed ISAF spokesman Mike Hartnett , speaking to CNN by phone . Hartnett said the attacks resulted in no ISAF casualties .	NEW : Two separate rocket attacks reported in the capital of Kabul PM David Cameron tweets "  today sees the end of combat operations " Soldiers lower UK and U.S. flags at the UK 's last remaining base in Helmand province UK troops moved to Helmand province in 2006 to fight an insurgency
CNN  -- Earth Day may fall later this week , but as far as former NASA astronaut Edgar Mitchell and other UFO enthusiasts are concerned , the real story is happening elsewhere . Astronaut Edgar Mitchell , shown after his Apollo mission in 1971 , claims there "  is no doubt we are being visited . " Mitchell , who was part of the 1971 Apollo 14 moon mission , asserted Monday that extraterrestrial life exists , and that the truth is being concealed by the U.S. and other governments . He delivered his remarks during an appearance at the National Press Club following the conclusion of the fifth annual X-Conference , a meeting of UFO activists and researchers studying the possibility of alien life forms . Mankind has long wondered if we 're "  alone in the universe . -LSB- But -RSB- only in our period do we really have evidence . No , we 're not alone , " Mitchell said . "  Our destiny , in my opinion , and we might as well get started with it , is -LSB- to -RSB- become a part of the planetary community . ... We should be ready to reach out beyond our planet and beyond our solar system to find out what is really going on out there . " Mitchell grew up in Roswell , New Mexico , which some UFO believers maintain was the site of a UFO crash in 1947 . He said residents of his hometown "  had been hushed and told not to talk about their experience by military authorities . " They had been warned of "  dire consequences " if they did so . But , he claimed , they "  did n't want to go to the grave with their story . They wanted to tell somebody reliable . And being a local boy and having been to the moon , they considered me reliable enough to whisper in my ear their particular story . " Roughly 10 years ago , Mitchell claimed , he was finally given an appointment at Pentagon to discuss what he had been told . An unnamed admiral working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff promised to uncover the truth behind the Roswell story , Mitchell said . The stories of a UFO crash "  were confirmed , " but the admiral was then denied access when he "  tried to get into the inner workings of that process . " The same admiral , Mitchell claimed , now denies the story . "  I urge those who are doubtful : Read the books , read the lore , start to understand what has really been going on . Because there really is no doubt we are being visited , " he said . "  The universe that we live in is much more wondrous , exciting , complex and far-reaching than we were ever able to know up to this point in time . " A NASA spokesman denied any cover-up . "  NASA does not track UFOs . NASA is not involved in any sort of cover-up about alien life on this planet or anywhere else -- period , " Michael Cabbage said Monday . Debates have continued about what happened at Roswell . The U.S. Air Force said in 1994 that wreckage recovered there in 1947 was most likely from a balloon-launched classified government project . Stephen Bassett , head of the Paradigm Research Group  PRG  , which hosted the X-Conference , said that the truth about extraterrestrial life is being suppressed because it is politically explosive . "  There is a third rail -LSB- in American politics -RSB- , and that is the UFO question . It is many magnitudes more radioactive than Social Security ever dreamed to be , " Bassett said .	He says governments are concealing evidence that extraterrestrials exist The astronaut is from Roswell , New Mexico , the site of an alleged UFO crash Mitchell : Roswell residents "  told not to talk about their experience " by military
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Council voted on Wednesday night to approve an anti-tobacco law that will raise the tobacco-purchasing age from 18 to 21 . In addition to the "  Tobacco 21 " bill , which includes electronic cigarettes , the council also approved a second bill , "  Sensible Tobacco Enforcement . " It will prohibit discounts on tobacco products and increase enforcement on vendors who attempt to evade taxes . Mayor Michael Bloomberg has 30 days to sign the bills into law . Given his previous support , that is likely to happen soon . "  By increasing the smoking age to 21 , we will help prevent another generation from the ill health and shorter life expectancy that comes with smoking , " Bloomberg said in a statement on Wednesday . Have you quit smoking ? Share your story "  Tobacco 21 " will take effect 180 days after it is enacted , according to the council 's news release . New York City has now become the largest city to have an age limit as high as 21 . Needham , Massachusetts , raised the sale age to 21 in 2005 , according to the New York City Department of Health . Neighboring states and counties have raised the tobacco sale age to 19 , including New Jersey in 2005 , the Department of Health said . Raising the sales age "  will protect teens and may prevent many people from ever starting to smoke , " Health Commissioner Thomas A. Farley , said in a statement after the vote . While many lawmakers appeared to be applauding the bills , some younger New Yorkers were not so pleased . "  You 're an adult ; you should be able to buy a pack of cigarettes , " one New Yorker told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  I mean , you can think for yourself . " "  I think it 's ridiculous , " another New Yorker said , "  Let us be , let us live . " This is another step in Bloomberg 's mission for healthier NYC lifestyles . In September 2012 , the Board of Health voted to ban the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues , a measure Bloomberg spearheaded . The ban was later repealed by a New York State Supreme Court judge .	Mayor Michael Bloomberg is expected to sign two measures restricting tobacco One bill raises purchase age from 18 to 21 Second bill will prohibit discounts and increase enforcement on vendors
EW.com  -- Guess we 'll likely never find out what the Badlands were all about . Fox has cancelled prehistoric dino drama "  Terra Nova " after one season , ending months of will-they-or-won ` t-they speculation . Studio 20th Century Fox TV , however , says they fight "  Terra Nova 's " extinction event by shopping the series to other networks . The decision was handed down despite a few factors that were in the show 's favor : A creatively strong two-hour finale , which won over many of the show 's grumbling detractors ; Fox cancelling Monday night veteran "  House " ; and another Monday sci-fi drama , "  Alcatraz , " under-performing in recent weeks . From what we hear , Fox higher-ups were n't too fond of the show . "  Terra Nova " will likely end up the highest-rated cancelled show of the season . It averaged 10.1 million viewers and a 3.6 adult demo rating once you add in a week of DVR playback . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox has cancelled prehistoric dino drama "  Terra Nova " after one season Studio 20th Century Fox TV will be shopping the series to other networks From what we hear , Fox higher-ups were n't too fond of the show
CNN  The slaying of prominent Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov in the heart of Moscow has shocked Russia and the wider world . His murder , two days before a planned opposition march , has also outraged fellow opposition figures and prompted a slew of speculation over who could be behind it . Some government critics pointed fingers in the direction of President Vladimir Putin or one of his supporters . State media reported Nemtsov had received threats linked to his stance on the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris . The Kremlin suggested Nemtsov may have been killed by enemies of Russia intent on creating political discord . The leader of Russia 's Communist Party similarly blamed anti-Russian "  provocation , " according to the official news agency Tass . So who was Boris Nemtsov ? And how did he make so many enemies ? Nemtsov , 55 , was a top official with the Republican Party of Russia/Party of People 's Freedom , a liberal opposition group . He had been arrested several times for speaking against Putin 's government . The most recent arrests were in 2011 when he protested the results of parliamentary elections and in 2012 when tens of thousands protested against Putin . He had most recently been critical of the Kremlin 's handling of the Ukraine crisis . Opposition leader Ilya Yashin said his friend had been working on a report about Russian troops and their involvement in Ukraine . In a blog entry , published on the website of radio station Echo of Moscow , Nemtsov wrote last weekend that the Kremlin now accused him of being behind the protests in Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , which led to the ouster of Ukraine 's pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanokovych . He posted a picture from an "  anti-Maidan " protest held in Moscow which showed a marcher holding a sign with his face under the words "  Maidan organizer . " "  The Kremlin has changed its concept , " Nemtsov wrote . "  It used to say it 's the State Department who organized the Maidan , and now they say it 's me . " In a hard-hitting interview conducted only hours before his death with Newsweek magazine , Nemtsov said Russia was "  drowning " under Putin 's leadership and was swiftly becoming a fascist state . "  Due to the policy of Vladimir Putin , a country with unparalleled potential is sinking , an economy which accumulated untold currency reserves is collapsing , " he said . "  This government wades into a costly , fratricidal war in Ukraine and into pointless confrontation with the West . We all feel the effects of this insane policy . " Nemtsov accused Putin of using "  Goebbels-style propaganda " -- a reference to Nazi Germany 's propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels -- to brainwash his fellow countrymen . One element of this was to implant them "  with a virus of inferiority complex towards the West , the belief that the only thing we can do to amaze the world is use force , violence and aggression , " Nemtsov said . Putin has condemned Nemtsov 's murder and ordered a swift investigation . The Kremlin has denied direct involvement in the conflict in eastern Ukraine . Nemtsov was also known for -- and may have made enemies from -- his anti-corruption stance . Early in his career , Nemtsov won praise for his efforts as governor of Nizhniy Novgorod , a large city and major economic hub . Nemtsov was also a vocal critic of the 2014 Winter Olympics held in Sochi , calling them one of the most "  outrageous swindles " in recent Russian history . In a 2013 report , he questioned where $ 20 billion to $ 30 billion had gone , saying preparations for the Games had been characterized by "  embezzlement " and "  unprecedented corruption . " In a restaurant interview with CNN 's Anthony Bourdain last year , Nemtsov lamented the situation for business owners . "  This is a country of corruption . And if you have business , you are in a very unsafe situation . Everybody can press you and destroy your business . That 's it , " Nemtsov said . In the same interview , he did offer a hint of optimism . "  This is my country . The Russian people are in bit of trouble . Russian court does n't work . Russian education decline every year . I believe that Russia has a chance to be free . Has a chance . It 's difficult , but we must do it , " he said . In a statement after his death , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Nemtsov had always worked toward a more democratic and prosperous Russia . "  In every post , he sought to reform and open Russia , and to empower the Russian people to have a greater say in the life of their country , " he said . Years before he became a key opposition leader , Nemtsov served as deputy Prime Minister under former President Boris Yeltsin , the first post-Soviet President . Back in the 1990s , he was a high-flier bound for greater things . But he lost out in the struggle to succeed Yeltsin and had been marginalized since Putin was elected , said Peter Baker , author of "  Kremlin Rising " and a New York Times reporter . "  He was a person who had been fierce in his criticism of Putin . He 'd clearly gotten under Putin 's skin on a number of occasions . A number of people had become his enemies , " Baker said . Baker said Nemtsov tried to work with Putin 's regime at first but soon switched to the opposition . "  History will remember him as someone who took chances , who risked his life literally to speak out in a country where speaking out is not encouraged , to say the least , " Baker said . Opinion : Nemtsov killing : A chilling historical parallel ? Nemtsov was a man who impressed many who met him with his energy and passion for his homeland . Sir Andrew Wood , a former UK ambassador to Russia , told CNN that Nemtsov , whom he knew personally in the 1990s , was a "  genuine Russian patriot " who opposed what the Kremlin had come to stand for . "  He was enthusiastic , he was engaging , I think he was always true to his beliefs , he did n't take himself over-seriously , but he did his best to promote liberal reform then , and he had been before a very successful mayor of one of the central towns , Nizhniy Novgorod . " Former U.S. Ambassador Michael McFaul paid tribute to Nemtsov "  as a real patriot , who believed in the possibility of Russia 's greatness " and said he wept for both Nemtsov 's family and the country he loved . "  Politics aside , he was always a loyal , loving friend of mine for 20 years . We all will miss him dearly , " he said . Putin , in a telegram to Nemtsov 's mother Dina Eydman , also paid tribute to Nemtsov 's integrity . "  Boris Nemtsov , left his mark on the history of Russia , in politics and public life . He worked on important positions in the difficult transition period for our country . He always openly and honestly stated his position , defended his point of view , " he said . Putin vowed that her son 's killers would be "  properly punished . " Nemtsov 's death has shocked Russia , but it may not have come as a total surprise . Nemtsov acknowledged in an interview with Russian newspaper Sobesednik this month that he was "  a little bit " afraid that his mother 's fear -- that Putin would have him killed -- would come true . But , he added , "  I 'm not afraid of him that much . If I was afraid I would n't be heading an opposition party and do what I 'm doing . " Nemtsov 's lawyer Vadim Prokhorov told Russian media that Nemtsov 's life had been threatened on social media in recent weeks . But he did n't walk around with bodyguards , noted Julia Ioffe , a contributing writer to The New York Times Magazine who has covered Russian politics extensively . "  It was a very overt message of bravery , " Ioffe told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  What we 've seen in return is a very overt message of fear . People in the opposition will not believe anything that comes out of the Kremlin in terms of who did this . They perceive this as a message directly sent to them . When you see Boris Nemtsov 's body lying with the Kremlin as a backdrop , they understand that 's a message directed to them . " In his final Newsweek interview , Nemtsov spoke of the need for "  an alternative vision , a different idea of Russia . Our idea is the one of a democratic and open Russia . A country which is not applying bandit methods to its own citizens and neighbors . " Crowds mourn Boris Nemtsov CNN 's Alla Eshchenko , Frederik Pleitgen , Steve Almasy and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Boris Nemtsov was a former deputy prime minister who became an opposition leader He was a fierce critic of President Vladimir Putin , including his policy on Ukraine
CNN  -- The comic Gallagher , known for smashing watermelons , is "  slowly recovering " from a heart attack suffered just before he was to perform at a Texas club , his promotional manager said Thursday . "  We will not know the outcome until sometime tomorrow , " Christine Scherrer said . Gallagher , 65 , is in stable condition at an undisclosed Dallas-area hospital , Scherrer said . He was about to go onstage Wednesday at Hat Tricks , a Lewisville , Texas , club , when he fell ill and was taken to a hospital by paramedics , she said . "  His family is with him and Hat Tricks has been unbelievable with the help and support with everything , " Scherrer said . His shows in Texas , Oklahoma and Oregon scheduled through next week have been postponed , she said . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	The 65-year-old comic is listed in stable condition in a Texas hospital , his manager says Gallagher 's shows are postponed through next week , she says "  His family is with him , " the manager says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In responses to four suits accusing him of coercing young men into sexual relationships , prominent Georgia pastor Eddie Long denies the claims and asks that the suits be dismissed . "  The plaintiff 's claims of sexual misconduct are not true , " each of the four responses filed by Long 's attorneys says . The responses , each about 30 pages , offer a point-by-point response to each of the allegations and claims in the lawsuits . The documents were posted on the website of CNN affiliate WSB . Four members of Long 's New Birth Missionary Baptist Church -- Anthony Flagg , 21 ; Maurice Robinson , 20 ; Jamal Parris , 23 ; and Spencer LeGrande , 22 -- filed suit against Long and the 25,000-member megachurch in September , claiming he used his position as their spiritual counselor to pressure them into sexual relationships . The suits allege that the relationships , which began when the men were in their teens , lasted over many months . According to the lawsuits , Long traveled with the young men to locations in the United States and abroad , sharing a room and engaging in sexual contact with them , including massaging , masturbation or oral sex . The suits also claim Long provided the youths with gifts including cars and money . Long , one of his attorneys and a church spokesman have already publicly denied the allegations . In the responses filed Monday in DeKalb County , Georgia , Long 's attorneys maintain the pastor was attempting to be a father figure to the youths , providing them with financial assistance and encouragement and helping them navigate their troubles . Long has "  been successful at building a ministry at New Birth Missionary Baptist Church that places a special emphasis on outreach to men , reinforcing to men the importance of partnering with a ministry that will grow them spiritually and will help them develop the life skills needed to become successful in the workplace and teach them how to become entrepreneurs and leaders , " the court documents said . "  Bishop Long admits that he mentors many young men from challenged backgrounds , who have often been without the benefit of a male role model , " according to the documents . "  The mentor/mentee relationship between Bishop Long as mentor and the mentee is firmly grounded on expressed promises of honesty and truthfulness . " Long provided cars for the youths so they would have transportation to school and work , according to the responses , and provided them housing when they needed it -- in the case of LeGrande , for instance , because his school had no dormitory and he was living in a hotel room , and in the case of Flagg , because he could not return to his mother 's home after he was arrested for allegedly assaulting her during a confrontation . Long provides many church members with employment , the responses said . Attorney B.J. Bernstein , who represents the four men in their suits against Long , told CNN Tuesday she had not yet received copies of Long 's responses to the suits . Bernstein has alleged Long groomed the youths for sex , telling CNN in September , "  he gets to know them and gets the trust , and then bit by bit -- first it 's a hug . It 's just like any sexual predator ... Ask any victim of sexual abuse . It is a progression . " Long admits that he "  provides opportunities for travel , education and personal growth to many members of his congregation " and claims in the responses that he often shares hotel rooms with members of his congregation when traveling . Some of the young men have said that Long encouraged them to call him "  Daddy . " In his responses to the suits , Long 's attorneys say that the "  entire New Birth membership calls Bishop Long ` Daddy ' or ` Bishop . ' " Participants in the pastor 's LongFellows Youth Academy call him "  Pop , " according to the documents , and members of other churches call Long "  Granddaddy . " "  The references to and association between Bishop Long  and other religious leaders  and a ` Spiritual Father ' is based upon the crisis in the African American community of fatherlessness , " the documents said . LeGrand claims that Long provided him with Ambien , a sleep aid , during a trip to Kenya . Long said nearly everyone on the Kenya trip had trouble sleeping due to the time change , and that he himself took Ambien to help him rest , but denied LeGrand 's allegations against him . Also , "  Bishop Long admits that it is common among his church congregation for members to hug each other and hug the Bishop , " his attorneys said in the response to LeGrand 's suit . "  However , Bishop Long has no recollection of a prolonged hug with plaintiff . " The suits also name the academy and church as defendants , saying they failed to warn the young men . Long says in his response that since no untoward conduct took place , the academy and church did not fail in their duty to warn the youths . Long also asks the court to set a status and scheduling conference "  for the purpose of simplification of the issues and management of the case . " LeGrand told WSB last month , "  I have no hate for anyone ... I just pray for everyone . Especially the bishop , because he knows the truth . " CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Pastor Eddie Long says he was youths ' mentor Long says he provided cars and housing to assist the young men The youths did travel with him , but no sexual contact occurred , he says
Mashable  -- Blekko 's alternative search engine -- a $ 24 million venture-backed project that 's been three years in the making -- is today launching its public beta . With the official rollout , Blekko is also releasing several new features designed for both mainstream and the site 's super users . As you may recall , Blekko is designed to eliminate spam search results , allowing users to search just a subset of the web through its proprietary slashtag technology . The most significant upgrade to Blekko 's search engine is the addition of slashtags that auto-fire for queries that fall into one seven categories : health , colleges , autos , personal finance , lyrics , recipes and hotels . Every time a Blekko user 's query is determined to be in one of these categories , Blekko will automatically append the associated slashtag to the query and limit results to just the subset of URLs that fall under that slashtag . The auto-fire functionality is designed with passive searchers in mind , and aims to eliminate friction for first time users . The technology that powers these auto-slashtags was developed through an extensive research and development phase that involved analyzing the relationship between queries and the type of spam results they typically generate . Blekko plans to introduce auto-slashing for additional categories moving forward , but selected to launch with ones that represent a high volume of search traffic and are typically laden with spammy results . Health , lyric and financial queries on Google or Bing , for instance , will return results dominated by poor quality content farms or malware-hosting sites . Those same searches on Blekko yield results only from high quality sites . Blekko 's slashtag formula works because of passionate users who take the time to add and edit URLs for category slashtags . As such , the company has released new features to enable users to apply to be editors for slashtags as well as share their comments and feedback on individual slashtags . Think of this as the Wikipedia formula but applied to search , so a small percentage of users will work together to build out slashtags for the majority of Blekko searchers . Blekko has been testing its solution to search with roughly 8,000 beta testers who have created more than 3,000 different slashtags . Blekko tells us that 11 percent of its existing user base come back to the site on a weekly basis . CEO Rich Skrenta and founder Mike Markson have modest projections for the immediate future , but believe that once the site hits one to two million queries per day , it can be profitable . Blekko is currently available on the web or as a mobile-optimized site , but mobile applications are also said to be in the works .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Blekko 's search engine is a $ 24 million venture-backed project Search engine is designed to eliminate spam search results Most significant upgrade to Blekko 's search engine is the addition of slashtags
London , England  CNN  -- Female role models are a very powerful and positive image to implant into young girls ' psyches . In a recent study of 1000 UK women aged 18 to 60 , the lack of role-models emerged as one of the top barriers to female success in the workplace . A mindset shift in girls can not be achieved by inspirational Instagram memes and philosophical Facebook statuses , but by closing the gap between the success they see or have heard of , and the ideas that they hold about themselves . Founded in 2011 , I ` mPOSSIBLE seeks to empower young girls and women , specifically those of color , to define success on their own terms , and inspire them through life stories of those who never lost sight of their possibilities . Last Thursday I held the first youth edition of the I ` mPOSSIBLE conversation at the UK House of Commons , in partnership with UK MP Diane Abbott . The event was organized to commemorate the 21st anniversary of Bring Your Daughters to Work Day , which shares the same goals of giving young girls the opportunity to express how they envisage their future . Having the chance to see parental figures in professional roles helps schoolgirls combat gender stereotypes , addresses self-esteem issues , and provides them with tangible examples of role models from their own culture and ethnicity . Michelle Obama is a strong supporter of the day and brings over 180 children to the White House to spend the morning discovering different paths their futures may hold . Over 37 million participants marked the day in the U.S. last year , and we took part in the only official UK event of the program , which was acknowledged by the Obamas in a personal message sent to us . Leading by example In its short existence I ` mPOSSIBLE has already hosted numerous trailblazing professionals such as Margaret Casely-Hayford , head of legal services at John Lewis , Dr Maggie Aderin-Pocock MBE , a space scientist , and Hope Powell CBE , England women 's football coach . The youth edition welcomed five successful young women of color from the worlds of media , film , and law who all shared their life stories with girls aged 12 to 18 from London schools and youth projects . We hope that these girls , sitting in the home of the UK government , felt inspired by leading women from similar backgrounds to theirs , who faced many of the same challenges but nonetheless carved a path to success , while staying true to themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simone Bresi-Ando .	I ` mPOSSIBLE is a social enterprise aiming to inspire young girls of color by promoting role models They have hosted platforms with leading ethnic minority professional women I ` mPOSSIBLE teamed up with Diane Abbott 's Black Women Mean Business initiative for an event at the House of Commons Earnst & Young study found that lack of role models forms one of the top barriers to female success at work
The former Rutgers University student convicted of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate was released from jail Tuesday after serving his sentence , a jail official said . Dharun Ravi , 20 , was found guilty in May of invasion of privacy , witness tampering , hindering apprehension and bias intimidation . He left the Middlesex County Jail in North Brunswick , New Jersey , on Tuesday morning , according to Edmond Cicchi , warden of the Middlesex County Office of Adult Corrections . Ravi was released early after jail officials applied five days of good behavior and five days of work credit to his term , Cicchi said . Ravi 's former roommate , 18-year-old Tyler Clementi , killed himself by jumping off a New York bridge after learning Ravi had secretly recorded Clementi and his partner with a webcam . While Ravi could have been sentenced to 10 years in prison , New Jersey Superior Judge Glenn Berman instead gave him a 30-day jail sentence , three years of probation and ordered him to complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes . The judge said he took Ravi 's youth and his lack of a criminal record into consideration when handing down his sentence . Ravi began serving his term on May 31 , two days after apologizing in a written statement for spying on Clementi . His lawyer filed a notice of appeal of his conviction earlier this month . On Monday , U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement said it would not deport Ravi to his native India . The agency is legally prohibited from deporting legal permanent residents unless they have been convicted of crimes such as an aggravated felony , domestic violence or drug or weapons offenses , a spokesman said .	He was released early after time off for good behavior and work credit , jail official says Dharun Ravi is released after serving a jail sentence He was convicted in May on charges related to recording his gay roommate The roommate , Tyler Clementi , killed himself after learning of the recording
Belgrade , Serbia  CNN  -- A medical team in Serbia has determined that war crimes suspect Ratko Mladic is in good enough shape to be extradited to face a war crimes tribunal , a court spokeswoman in Belgrade said Friday . While Mladic suffers from several chronic conditions , the team said there are no immediate problems barring a move . This comes after five doctors examined Mladic Thursday night , said Mladic 's lawyer , Milos Saljic . "  The court decided that conditions for extradition have been met , " court spokeswoman Maya Kovacevic said . The determination was made during a deportation hearing Friday , held to decide whether Mladic will be transferred to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague , Netherlands . Mladic refused to make any statement before the court , but Saljic said the Mladic team will appeal . That appeal could come by Monday . Asked how soon the judge would rule on the appeal , Kovacevic answered , "  immediately . " Mladic 's son , Darko , said his father has trouble speaking and his right arm is partially paralyzed . "  We saw him for the first time in many years . He 's in bad shape , " Darko Mladic said to reporters in front of the courthouse . "  His health is very deteriorated . " He said the family is asking the court to send Mladic to a hospital for treatment and analysis and wants Russian doctors to examine him . His father is not guilty of the grave charges against him , insisted Darko Mladic . But Bruno Vekaric , the deputy prosecutor of Serbia 's Special Court for War Crimes , dismissed the family 's account of Mladic 's health as a defense ploy . "  He 's like a young man , " Vekaric said . "  He 's not so ill or in a bad situation . " Mladic 's right arm seemed to be bothering him , but he was fine Friday , Vekaric said . Mladic refused to read the indictment against him , telling the judge , "  I do n't want to read the papers of the tribunal , " according to Vekaric . An angry Mladic accused Vekaric of being a CIA agent but apologized Friday , the deputy prosecutor said . He asked Vekaric for a few books by Russian authors Leo Tolstoy and Nikolai Gogol . He also made one other request , one that the prosecutor found odd coming from the man once known as the "  Butcher of Bosnia . " "  He asked for strawberries , " Vekaric said , laughing . Mladic is in a jail near Belgrade facing charges that he presided over Europe 's worst massacre since World War II . He was arrested Thursday after more than 15 years in hiding . Mladic was the highest-ranking fugitive to remain at large after the conflicts that accompanied the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . Saljic described Mladic as a "  ruin of a man " who has suffered two heart attacks and three strokes since 1996 . Serbian President Boris Tadic said Serbian authorities are still investigating who aided Mladic during his decade and a half on the run , but he called allegations that the country 's military sheltered him "  rubbish . " "  At the end of the day , he was protected by a very small group of people from his family , " Tadic said . He acknowledged that Mladic may have been aided by military officers early on , "  but at the end of that process , I do n't believe that . " The former Yugoslav army officer was the commanding general of Bosnian Serb forces during the 1992-95 war that followed Bosnia-Herzegovina 's secession from Yugoslavia . The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia has charged him with leading a genocidal campaign against Bosnia 's Muslim and Croat populations , including "  direct involvement " in the 1995 killings of nearly 8,000 men and boys in the Muslim enclave of Srebrenica -- the worst European massacre since the Holocaust . However , Mladic remains a hero to some Serbs , and small outbursts of anger in reaction to his arrest were seen in Belgrade late Thursday . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Richard Allen Greene , Joe Sterling , Moni Basu and Lateef Mungin , and journalist Branko Cecen contributed to this report .	NEW : Mladic requests Russian books in his cell -- and strawberries A medical team that examines Mladic finds no immediate problems Mladic is "  a ruin of a man , " his attorney says Mladic was wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murder
NEW YORK  CNN -- After raising a staggering amount of money for the general election , President-elect Barack Obama must now rake in more cash for his transition and inauguration . Barack Obama broke fundraising records in the general election . There is about $ 9.74 million of taxpayer funds available to pay for the transition , but experts say that 's not enough . To make up the difference , past presidents have turned to private money and corporate cash . Obama 's transition team , however , is taking pains to keep lobbyists out of his transition and forgo corporate cash . John Podesta , the co-chair of Obama 's transition team , has vowed to make this "  the most open and transparent transition in history , " but Obama has not explicitly outlined his intentions for the inauguration . The Obama team will have to balance how to raise enough money without contradicting its tough talk against lobbyists . "  I really do hope Obama sticks by his principles and does not accept corporate money , does not accept money from lobbyists , and places a very , very low ceiling on the amount of money he 'd accept from individuals to pay for his inauguration , " said Craig Holman , a legislative representative for Public Citizen . Public Citizen is a national nonprofit organization that says it advocates for consumer interests in Congress and openness and democratic accountability in government . The group says companies sometimes contribute cash to the inauguration in order to buy influence . Watch what people will do for inauguration tickets " President Bush raised a record $ 42.8 million for his second inauguration , and according to Public Citizen , more than 90 percent of donations to his second inauguration were from executives or corporations . Bush limited corporate donations to $ 250,000 each in order to avoid any potential conflicts of interests . Obama could decide to accept corporate donations for the inauguration , but impose tighter limits . "  I think past presidents have had to raise lots of private money to do these things . And I think he 's actually got a good resource base of donors that are willing and probably will give money for both the transition effort , but also the inaugural campaign as well , " said David Lewis , a professor of political science at Vanderbilt University and author of "  The Politics of Presidential Appointments . " Even without corporate cash , the Obama fundraising machine has been a force . Nearly half of the record $ 639 million that the Obama campaign raised during the primaries and general election came in the form of donations of $ 200 or less . As of mid-October , the Obama campaign had spent about $ 594 million , but any money left over from the general election can not go toward the transition . The president-elect could return that money to contributors , donate it to charity , form a political action committee or contribute to other candidates , PACs or party committees , as long as he stays within federal contribution limits . Obama could also hold on to the money and use it for a future federal campaign , such as a re-election bid . The public will get a better idea of exactly how much cash is on hand when the next reports are filed with the Federal Election Commission on December 4 .	Barack Obama 's transition team has taken pains to keep lobbyists out of transition Presidents usually turn to private money to help fund inauguration Bush raised $ 42.8 million for second inauguration , mostly from corporate donors Obama can not use cash left over from general election for transition
CNN  -- Actress Keira Knightley is engaged to James Righton , the keyboardist and singer with British rock band Klaxons , her publicist said Monday . Knightley 's publicist , Sara Keene , said there would be no further details . People Magazine reports the couple has been together for about a year , following Knightley 's split from actor Rupert Friend . Knightley appeared in the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " movies and other films including "  Atonement , " "  Pride & Prejudice , " and "  Love Actually . " She also appears as Anna Karenina in the upcoming movie of the same name . Klaxons won the 2007 Mercury Music Prize in Britain for their debut album , "  Myths of the Near Future , " which featured the hit "  Golden Skans . " Their latest album , "  Surfing the Void , " was released in 2010 .	She is engaged to James Righton , singer and keyboardist of the band Klaxons They have been together for about a year , People Magazine reports
CNN  -- If you have ever tried to grab a bargain that appears online , you 'll know you have to be quick . The business of high frequency trading -- using algorithms and superfast computers to conduct trades in a fraction of a second -- is a supercharged version of this , with the potential to execute millions of buy and sell orders electronically each day through the myriad exchanges currently in existence . Advocates argue that high frequency trading reduces market volatility and lowers transaction costs for small investors , but others claim it is unfair on slower traders , and can lead to instability -- trading algorithms and high frequency trading were behind the "  Flash Crash " of May 6 2010 , when the Dow Jones briefly plummeted almost 1,000 points . Irrespective of how the popularity of high frequency trading changes in the future , this need for speed will continue to drive a technological arms race where the weapons of choice include new types of computer circuits hard-wired with dedicated trading algorithms ; new tunnels blasted through mountains to ensure more direct optic fiber connections ; new cables being laid in straighter paths across the Atlantic seabed ; and even new networks of microwave towers to profit from the speed of electromagnetic signals through air . And as the search for an evolutionary edge continues , "  genetic " trading programs will be created that develop specific mutant offspring in response to real-time changes in market conditions . Even long-term pension funds play the high frequency game , hence it involves us all -- whether we like it or not . There is one factor that limits speed : According to Einstein , nothing can travel faster than the speed of light . However this leaves ample opportunity for future increases in trading speed . Light can travel approximately one foot in a nanosecond  a billionth of a second  in free space , meaning that current processers , routers and switching devices have plenty of room for improvement . And just as faster predators in the animal kingdom catch more prey and will be less vulnerable to other predators , faster trading companies will emerge at the expense of slower ones . In parallel , a new form of ultrafast options market may emerge with second-scale contract times in order to hedge high frequency risk . However , there are two problems that make the future of high frequency trading of unique global concern , irrespective of how popular it becomes . The first is a scientific one : Financial markets represent the largest-ever sociotechnical system in existence , with a mix of state-of-the-art communications and computational power operating at speeds approaching the natural speed limit of light . Yet nobody , including Einstein , has ever produced a theory that predicts what might go wrong in an ultrafast global network of interconnected machines that carry out millions of operations in the blink of an eye -- or what can be done to prevent or manage it . This leads to the second problem . How can regulators and governments possibly decide how to manage this emerging ultrafast financial jungle if nobody yet fully understands it ? My fellow researchers and I recently uncovered glimpses of what is already going wrong in the form of escalating patterns of "  sub-second tsunamis . " These tsunamis are huge spikes and dips in the price of an individual stock . Although the Flash Crash was fast , lasting only a few minutes , these sub-second tsunamis are over in the blink of an eye -- and there are thousands of them . A 10 % daily change in a major stock would guarantee breaking news coverage , but these tsunamis typically send the price plummeting to almost zero . However they go unnoticed since the price quickly recovers as other algorithms jump in for the kill . Their existence reveals a remarkable difference between the human trading world above the typical human response time of one second , and the all-machine ecology of trading algorithms below one second . Just like cracks propagating in a structure prior to mechanical failure , these sub-second tsunamis escalated in the lead up to the 2008 financial meltdown . Most importantly , the stock showing highest proliferation are the banks that are now associated with the crisis . Yet nobody knew at the time . Indeed our research predicts a growing zoo of such tsunamis in the future , with each species having its own characteristic twist and turns . Governments need the financial equivalent of an air traffic control system in order to know how to manage this brave new world , and hence what rules  if any  to impose . This in turn will require a joint research program between trading houses , regulators and academics . However , instead of using conventional economics , the methodological approach should be built around complex adaptive systems and dynamical networks . Generative market models must be tested in real-time against high resolution data , to see if they can reproduce the observed price exchange dynamics down to the sub-second scale . Our own research predicts that these sub-second market movements will be neither completely unpredictable nor predictable , but will instead have pockets of predictability that come and go in particular ways . Estimates of the market share of different trading algorithms will enable real-time system management , while ensuring that the secrecy of individual trading entities remains intact . Without such a financial Manhattan Project , regulatory bodies will effectively be flying blind and may end up doing more harm than good . Read this : How to start your own currency Read this : Would you bank with Starbucks ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Neil Johnson .	High frequency trading uses algorithms to conduct trades in fractions of a second It can cause individual stock prices to spike and dip close to zero , says Neil Johnson These "  sub-second tsunamis " go unnoticed and are over in the blink of an eye Governments need a financial "  air traffic control system " to manage this , says Johnson
Northern Nigeria  CNN  Charred ground and cinders mark the sites where once thousands of homes stood . That 's according to a series of satellite images released Thursday by Amnesty International , which the rights group said shows the "  horrific scale " of the devastation wrought by Boko Haram militants . As they 've trickled out , accounts of the bloody attacks on the northern Nigerian town of Baga and surrounding villages have shocked even those all too used to reports of violence by Boko Haram militants . Witnesses told how the attackers sped into the town on January 3 with grenade launchers -- their gunfire and explosions shattering the early morning calm . Some terrified residents fled , while others took refuge in their homes -- and were torched with them . Local officials reported death tolls ranging from hundreds to as many as 2,000 people . But authorities have yet to access the remote area near the border with Chad to get a full picture . Amnesty International said that satellite images taken on January 2 and five days later "  provide indisputable and shocking evidence " of the extent of the destruction in Baga and neighboring village of Doron Baga , also known as Doro Gowon . The before-and-after images demonstrate that the attacks left more than 3,700 structures damaged or destroyed , the rights group said . More than 3,100 of those were in Doron Baga , which was "  nearly wiped off the map , " it said . Other nearby towns and villages in Borno state were also targeted in the series of attacks that started on January 3 . "  These detailed images show devastation of catastrophic proportions in two towns , one of which was almost wiped off the map in the space of four days , " said Daniel Eyre , Nigeria researcher for Amnesty International . "  Of all Boko Haram assaults analysed by Amnesty International , this is the largest and most destructive yet . It represents a deliberate attack on civilians whose homes , clinics and schools are now burnt out ruins . " Many of the wooden fishing boats that can be seen along the shoreline in the images of Doron Baga from January 2 are gone in the later images , the group said . This agrees with witness accounts of desperate residents fleeing by boat across Lake Chad . Another rights group , Human Rights Watch , has also published satellite imagery that it said showed the results of fires set by Boko Haram . The rights group said 11 % of Baga and 57 % of Doro Gowon were scarred by the flames . Asked by CNN about the Amnesty satellite images , Mike Omeri , coordinator of Nigeria 's National Information Center , said , "  This is a government that analyzes any and all sources of information . " Amnesty International last week described the massacre as possibly Boko Haram 's "  deadliest act " yet . The Nigerian military said that description was "  quite valid . " "  The attack on the town by the bloodhounds and their activities since January 3 should convince well meaning people all over the world that Boko Haram is the evil all must collaborate to end , " it said . Nigeria 's government has called for Boko Haram to be seen as a problem requiring a concerted international response , as seen after the terrorist attacks in Paris last week . On Wednesday , a new message surfaced from Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , in which he praised again and again the deadly rampage at the Charlie Hebdo offices in France . "  Nigeria has always said this is a global challenge and viewed as such requires global military action , " said Omeri . "  The combatants we capture are often not even Nigerian . They do n't even speak our languages . What started as copycat attacks is now a newly devised network . " The government has come under fire from critics who say President Goodluck Jonathan is more interested in campaigning for the presidential election next month than in dealing with the problem of Boko Haram . Soldiers who spoke to CNN in northern Nigeria painted a troubling picture when asked about their efforts to take on the Islamist extremist group . They said Boko Haram outgunned and outnumbered the military on the battlefield . While the militants are equipped with anti-aircraft guns on the backs of trucks that have a range of three-quarters of a mile , they have only AK-47 weapons , with a range of a few hundred yards , the soldiers said . Adding to their difficulties , they are issued only 60 bullets when they go into battle , they said , while the Boko Haram fighters have many more . Many soldiers also have to buy their own uniforms and lack protective gear , they said . Morale is low , and this is one of the reasons that Boko Haram is making gains on the battlefield , they said . Responding to the claims that the military is outgunned , Omeri said : "  Nigeria is in the process of acquiring new equipment and we will continue to intensify those efforts . " In a rare piece of good news , Nigerian soldiers thwarted a Boko Haram attack Wednesday in the town of Biu , in southern Borno state , the military said . The Nigerian Defense Headquarters said five terrorists and two anti-aircraft guns were captured . Officials gave no casualty tolls , but residents told CNN that at least 40 Boko Haram fighters were killed when Nigerian soldiers surprised them and fought a lengthy gun battle . Omeri said , "  We 've always said this is an ongoing process . We 're happy that this success has come in quick succession to Baga . We hope more will be achieved . " The continuing violence has displaced many people from their homes . Of the 30,000 people displaced during the attacks around Baga , 20,000 camped in Maiduguri city , capital of Borno state , while another 10,000 headed to Monguno town , nearer Baga . Others were stranded on Kangala Island on Lake Chad . "  These people are adding to the hundreds of thousands of internally displaced people and refugees , who have already stretched the capacity of host communities and government authorities , " Amnesty International said . "  Amnesty International is calling on the governments of Nigeria and Chad to ensure these displaced people are protected and provided with adequate humanitarian assistance . " Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . It has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in April -- and remain missing . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from northern Nigeria , and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London . CNN 's Brent Swails , Faith Karimi and Aminu Abubakar contributed to this report .	Satellite images from before and after a Boko Haram attack show the scale of damage Amnesty International : More than 3,700 structures were burned in two communities
Fans of anime master Hayao Miyazaki may remember the mystical , moss-covered forest that serves as the setting for much of "  Princess Mononoke " , his epic about humans and the environment . That otherworldly backdrop was inspired by the very real forests of Yakushima , an Eden-like island in southern Japan . It 's an eco-paradise of stunning landscapes , crystal clear waters , and diverse wildlife . The 195-square-mile island rises swiftly from sea level to a mountainous interior of mile-high peaks that can be snow covered in winter , despite the subtropical climate . The granite bedrock is covered by cedar forests , some primary , others the result of reforestation after Edo-period logging . In summer its beaches serve as the largest nesting grounds in the region for loggerhead turtles . The surrounding waters are filled with flying fish , which figure prominently in local menus . Small white-tailed deer roam the island  and another curious creature , Bjrk , has said she enjoys hiking in Yakushima  . Indigenous Yaku macaques sprawl along the roads and fly through treetops . Together , the deer and monkeys outnumber the 13,000 permanent human residents . This unique ecology earned Yakushima a UNESCO World Natural Heritage Site designation in 1993 . Since then , tourism has flourished . In 2012 , about 215,000 people visited , according to Steve Bell , who , with Helen McNamara , runs Y.E.S. Yakushima , the official English tourist website for the island . Read more : The world 's best unknown hike But the vast majority of visitors come to see one thing : An ancient cedar called Jomon-sugi , estimated to be up to 7,200 years old . During the summer holiday and Golden Week  a series of public holidays in Japan at the beginning of May  , up to a thousand people make the nine-hour round trip on a given day , crowding the viewing platform that was erected to protect the tree and its environment . The upside ? Most other sights and trails remain blissfully uncrowded . Life is quiet here . Most people live in the towns along the coastal road that circles the island , skirting past rocky shores and citrus groves . Miyanoura is the largest settlement , and the main port , followed by Anbo , whose river is a favorite kayaking spot . There 's Onoaida in the south , Kurio and its rocky tide pools in the southwest , Nagata and the sandy Inakahama beach  beautiful but dangerous for swimmers  and Isso , which also has a beach . It 's an early to bed , early to rise kind of place . Every morning at 7 a.m. , an island-wide sound system wakes everyone up with classical music . It 's time to eat your natto , grab a bento lunch , and hit the trails . A 40-minute drive inland and uphill from Anbo is Yakusugiland , a cheesy name for a gorgeous set of paths set over 270 hectares that takes walkers through dense woods , past ancient cedar trees including Kigen-sugi  3,000 years old  , Odasugi  2,500 years old  , and Buddha-sugi  1,800 years old , said to resemble the enlightened one  . Shiratani Unsuikyo is a similar park , though with more varied terrain , including the stretch of impossibly green forest that inspired Miyazaki . The furthest trail here leads up to Taikoiwa Rock , a climb that 's rewarded with sweeping views over the valley below . Read more : 11 things to know about Tokyo Shiratani is the second most visited place , after Jomon-sugi , though far less crowded . "  The Shiratani Unsuikyu trail is a great trail in late afternoon after the buses of tourists have left and the monkeys come down the mountain , " says Clive Witham , author of Yakushima : A Yakumonkey Guide , and the blog Yakumonkey . "  You 'll pretty much have the trail -- and monkeys -- to yourself . It 's similar at Yakusugiland , the later in the day you go , the more personal the experience becomes . " A system of no-frills mountain huts dots the island , for more ambitious hikers interested in overnight treks . But there are shorter routes , too , and suitable to almost all ability levels . Witham 's book , can direct hikers on a six hour trip on the Yodogawa trail , a varied walk through lush forest , over rushing streams , up to Hana-no-ego , the most southerly high altitude marsh in Japan  look for frogs  . A final series of scrambles leads to Karumi-dake , a 1,831 meter peak with panoramic views . Explore further : Mapping Mount Fuji The sound of water is never far away . Yakushima is the wettest place in Japan , a fact best appreciated at the foot of one if the many waterfalls . The Oko-no-taki will inspire quiet meditation in onlookers , while the Senpiro-taki impresses with its scale as it cascades along a huge slab of granite . After all this physical exertion , a soak on one of the many onsen on the island will hit the spot . Bell likes the indoor spa at Onoaida . "  It 's full of locals , " he says . Witham prefers the outdoor spa at Yudomari : "  There is a smaller bath further along the path and obscured by the rocks and here you can soak while listening to the waves lapping the shore and watching the stars . " At 9 p.m. , the music plays again . It 's time for bed . Where to stay Most of the lodgings on Yakushima are Minshuku , small inns or cottages , where meals are usually included . Hearty breakfasts of fish , rice , pickles , miso soup and natto are the norm . Near Onoaida , at the foot of Mochumo-dake , Shiki-no-yado has a set of spacious cottage accommodations with private baths , delicious local food  some from their own garden  and some large but friendly spiders . Just outside of Miyanoura , the rooms at Lodge Yaedake Sanso have small decks looking onto the surrounding forest . Baths and toilets are shared . It 's rustic , peaceful , and the food is fantastic . For luxury , the Sankara resort , near Onaida , is the best  and only  choice . How to get there By air : Japan Air Commuter , part of JAL , has direct flights from Osaka  Itami  and Fukuoka . All other flights stop at Kagoshima . By sea : A fast jetfoil ferry has eight daily departures from Kagoshima . The journey takes 2-3 hours . It 's possible to navigate Yakushima via public bus , but a rental car will make life much easier . National brands like Nissan have offices here , but the local companies are cheaper . Y.E.S. Yakushima has listings , and a free booking service . When to go Yakushima is enjoyable year round , but you 'll need snow gear to hike during the winter months , even though temperature at sea level remain relatively mild . Summers are warm and humid . Typhoons can be an issue . It rains year round , but autumn is a bit drier . The island is busiest during Golden Week  end of April , beginning of May  and the August summer holiday . Resources Y.E.S. Yakushima can help with rental car bookings , lodging , and can arrange guided hikes . Yakushima : A Yakumonkey Guide contains detailed descriptions about trails , and other useful information . It 's available through yakumonkey.com	Yakushima is one of Japan 's most southerly islands and a UNESCO World Heritage site . Abundant flora is the main attraction ; some of the cedar trees are thousands of years old Despite a sub-tropical climate , the island 's mountains can be snow capped in winter .
Covert drone strikes are one of President Obama 's key national security policies . He has already authorized 283 strikes in Pakistan , six times more than the number during President George W. Bush 's eight years in office . As a result , the number of estimated deaths from the Obama administration 's drone strikes is more than four times what it was during the Bush administration -- somewhere between 1,494 and 2,618 . Under Obama , the drone campaign , which during the Bush administration had put emphasis on killing significant members of al Qaeda , has undergone a quiet and unheralded shift to focus increasingly on killing Taliban foot soldiers . Obama revealed : The man , the president To the extent that the targets of drone attacks can be ascertained , under Bush , al Qaeda members accounted for 25 % of all drone targets compared to 40 % for Taliban targets . Under Obama , only 8 % of targets were al Qaeda compared to just over 50 % for Taliban targets . And while under Bush , about a third of all drone strikes killed a militant leader , compared to less than 13 % since President Obama took office , according to an analysis of thousands of credible media reports about the strikes undertaken by the New America Foundation . While Bush sought to decapitate the leadership ranks of al Qaeda , Obama seems to be aiming also to collapse the entire network of allied groups , such as the Pakistani Taliban . As a result , so-called "  signature strikes " have become a hallmark of Obama 's drone war . These are drone attacks based on patterns of merely suspicious activity by a group of men , rather than the identification of a particular individual militant . These have decimated the ranks of low-level combatants , killing somewhere between 1,332 to 2,326 reported militants . In April 2010 , a militant told a New York Times reporter , "  It seems they really want to kill everyone , not just the leaders . " Obama 's drone campaign is quite controversial : Some claim that a substantial number of civilians are killed in the attacks , while U.S. government officials assert that the civilian casualty rate is now zero . In Pakistan , the program is deeply unpopular and the Pakistani parliament voted in April to end any authorization for the program , a vote that the United States government has simply ignored . The New America Foundation analysis of the drone campaign in Pakistan found that : -- The civilian casualty rate has been dropping sharply since 2008 . The number of civilians , plus "  unknowns , " those individuals whose precise status could not be determined from media reports , reported killed by drones in Pakistan during Obama 's tenure in office were 11 % of fatalities . So far in 2012 it is close to 2 % . Under President Bush it was 33 % . -- Conversely , the percentage of militants killed has been rising over the life of the drone program . The number of militants reported killed by drone strikes is 89 % of the fatalities under Obama compared to 67 % under Bush . -- Some of these attacks were designed to help Pakistani interests . In the first eight months of 2009 , the U.S. carried out 19 drone strikes targeting affiliates of the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , who had carried out an extensive campaign of attacks against Pakistani police officers , soldiers and politicians . Mehsud was eventually killed by a CIA drone strike . -- Since it began in 2004 , the drone campaign has killed 49 militant leaders whose deaths have been confirmed by at least two credible news sources . While this represents a significant blow to the militant chain of command , these 49 deaths account for only 2 % of all drone-related fatalities . Osama bin Laden himself recognized the devastation that the drones were inflicting on his organization , writing a lengthy memo about the issue in October 2010 that was later recovered in the compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where he was killed by a team of U.S. Navy SEALs . In the memo to a lieutenant , bin Laden advised that his men leave the Pakistani tribal regions where the drone strikes have been overwhelmingly concentrated and head to a remote part of Afghanistan and he also suggested that his son Hamza decamp for the tiny , rich Persian Gulf kingdom of Qatar . Buzz ramps up over SEAL 's bin Laden book The year 2010 marked the most intense point of the Obama drone campaign , with a record 122 strikes . This combined with the May 2011 raid on bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , and the killing of at least 24 Pakistani soldiers in a NATO air strike in November severely damaged the relationship between the United States and Pakistan , and resulted in the eviction of CIA-controlled drones from Shamsi air base in Baluchistan in southwestern Pakistan . At the same time , Cameron Munter , then-U.S. ambassador to Pakistan , was urging that there be more judicious targeting of the drone strikes as well as increased consultation with the Pakistanis about them . In the past two years , there has also been increased congressional oversight of the program . The chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , explained in a May letter to the Los Angeles Times that "  Committee staff has held 28 monthly in-depth oversight meetings to review strike records and question every aspect of the program including legality , effectiveness , precision , foreign policy implications and the care taken to minimize noncombatant casualties . " Some combination of pushback from the State Department , increased congressional oversight , the closure of the CIA drone base in Pakistan and , perhaps , a declining number of targets in the tribal regions and a greater desire to heed Pakistani sensitivities about drone attacks has led to a sharp fall in the number of strikes since 2010 . The number of drone strikes in 2011 fell by 40 % from the record number of strikes in 2010 . So far this year , the number of strikes has dropped by a further 25 % . This is a welcome development . If the price of the drone campaign that increasingly kills only low-level Taliban is alienating 180 million Pakistanis -- that is too high a price to pay . While the drone campaign in Pakistan may be on the wane , it is amping up against the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen . This year alone , Obama has authorized around 30 drone strikes in Yemen , while Bush only launched one drone attack there during his two terms in office . Small wonder that as Obama prepares to address the Democratic Party convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , he continues to enjoy a considerable advantage over Mitt Romney on national security . A Reuters poll in August found Obama leading Romney by a comfortable 12 percentage points on national security , which is traditionally regarded as a Republican strength . Thanks to Fatima Mustafa , Farhad Peikar and Jennifer Rowland for their research help . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	Peter Bergen : Obama 's drone campaign shifts to Taliban militants , not al Qaeda leaders Bergen : Obama has stepped-up drone attacks as a key part of national security policy Drone strikes deeply resented in Pakistan , he says , but campaign there is waning Yemen in the sights now , he says , as Obama ahead of Romney on national security
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Three suspects arrested in Thailand on alleged terror ties have confessed to making counterfeit passports and other documents , the Thai news agency reported Thursday . The two Pakistani men and a Thai woman were part of a transnational crime syndicate that included Spain , the news agency said . Authorities said the three allegedly set up a base in Thailand , which they used to forge passports , the news agency said . Their partners in Spain stole tourist passports and shipped them to Thailand , where they were forged , according to the news agency . In addition to the three , seven other alleged Islamist extremists were arrested in Spain on Wednesday , the Spanish national police said . Six suspects were from Pakistan and one from Nigeria , police said . Investigators said the three arrested in Thailand are accused of directing the operation in Spain . They allegedly provided stolen travel documents to terrorist groups , the national police said . Police say the suspects are linked to terror groups . Their fake passports were also used in other crimes , including human trafficking , arms trade and illegal immigration , authorities told the news agency . According to police , the cell was dedicated to stealing travel documents , mostly passports , and sending them to Thailand , where they would be falsified and turned over to groups with links to al Qaeda , such as Lashkar-e-Taiba , a militant group based in Pakistan . The documents also ended up in the hands of the Tamil Tigers , a rebel force in Sri Lanka , police said . Since the March 11 , 2004 , commuter train bombings in Madrid that killed 190 and wounded 1,800 , Spanish police and international police forces have kept a close eye on suspected Islamic radicals living in or transiting through the country . There have been numerous previous arrests for alleged support work , like these arrests , involving forged documents .	Two Pakistani men and a Thai woman are arrested in Thailand Seven other alleged Islamist extremists are arrested in Spain They allegedly forged passports used by terror networks
CNN  -- When the Supreme Court hears an extraordinary three days of arguments this week about the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act , thousands of words will pass between the justices and the lawyers appearing before them . Still , it 's likely that the single most important word in the case will never be uttered in the courtroom : Obama . The Supreme Court can make or break presidencies . Almost a dozen years ago , five justices thrust George W. Bush into the Oval Office . A generation earlier , in United States v. Nixon , a unanimous court effectively ended the presidency of Richard M. Nixon by ordering him to provide the Watergate special prosecutor with the White House tapes . Now , to a great extent , the court will render a verdict on the current president 's first term . The Supreme Court and election year blockbusters The stakes for Barack Obama can hardly be overstated , both substantively and politically . Health insurance for 30 million citizens hangs in the balance in this case . Obama took on the challenge that had defeated every Democratic president since Lyndon Johnson -- how to expand access to health care for millions of citizens who did n't have it . Obama won a brutal battle to get the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act through Congress , but it will matter little if the court invalidates the law . Obama is also , of course , a candidate for re-election , and a defeat in the Supreme Court would be a disaster for his chances to win again . If the court strikes down the law , the Republican candidate , presumably Mitt Romney , could say that the Supreme Court proved his own point -- that the incumbent is an out-of-the-mainstream liberal . And Romney could add that his own health care plan , for all its similarities to Obamacare , passed muster in the courts . Read a transcript of Monday 's court arguments For any president or any politician , losing is never good politics -- and a Supreme Court defeat would mark Obama as a loser in a significant and dramatic way . The specifics of the case are complex : What is the scope of the commerce clause of Article I of the Constitution ? When is a challenge to a federal law premature ? How does a court separate challenges to specific provisions of a law from a claim that an entire law is unconstitutional ? But the larger issue in the case reflects a fundamental division in American politics that has persisted for generations : What is the role of the federal government ? Obama is heir to a political tradition of activist government , which asserts that the people can rely on programs that protect them from life 's misfortunes . The alternative tradition is based on libertarian principles , which hold that government interference in private markets generally does more harm than good . What makes this case so extraordinary is that this debate , as a constitutional matter , looked settled for decades . After Franklin D. Roosevelt made nine appointments to the court during his long tenure in the White House , the Supreme Court embraced a broad conception of government power , especially when it comes to regulating the national economy . Constitutional challenges to government power became rare , and successful ones rarer still . The commerce clause became , in effect , a blank check for Congress . But elections have consequences , and conservative presidents have appointed conservative judges , especially to the Supreme Court . Throughout the '70s , '80s and '90s , moderate Republicans such as Lewis Powell and Sandra Day O'Connor reflected the modern consensus that allowed a vibrant government role in the national economy . But moderate Republicans are disappearing , including on the Supreme Court . Chief Justice John Roberts and Samuel Alito reflect the modern conservatism of the man who appointed them , George W. Bush . The legal approach of Clarence Thomas advanced the tea party agenda before the name even existed . Antonin Scalia has defined judicial conservatism for a generation . That 's four votes right there . Four Democrats -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- can be counted on to embrace the post-FDR model of government involvement in the economy . As always , that could leave the case in the hands of Anthony Kennedy , the swing vote . The outcome is uncertain , even if the stakes are not . The language will be arcane , sometimes nearly incomprehensible to nonspecialists . The subject will be principles , not personalities . And so those of us in the courtroom might never hear the name of the man with the biggest stake in the outcome . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Toobin .	Jeffrey Toobin : Supreme Court hears challenge on health reform ; high stakes for Obama He says defeat would mark Obama as a loser ; would be bad news in an election year He says details of challenge complex ; real issue dividing U.S. : What is government 's role ? Toobin : Post-FDR court backed more activist government . Not so today ; outcome uncertain
A man once detained by Libyan officials and interviewed by the FBI over suspected links to the deadly 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , has turned up dead . Faraj al-Shibli , whose name is also spelled Chalabi , was last seen in the custody of a local militia in Marj two days ago , a Libyan source said . His body was found Monday in the eastern Libyan town . He 's the second Benghazi suspect to surface in recent weeks . U.S. forces arrested suspected attack mastermind Ahmed Abu Khattalah last month . Here 's what CNN has previously reported about those suspected of involvement in the attacks . With the exception of Abu Khattalah , it 's unknown if any have been charged in connection with the Benghazi attack . The charges remain under seal . Al-Shibli -- The Libyan government took al-Shibli into custody in March 2013 in connection with the Benghazi attack . The FBI was able to question him during that detention . Al-Shibli was no longer in custody as of May 2013 , according to a Libyan source briefed on the case . Libyan officials have not explained why he was released . It 's not clear what role he may have played in the attack , or if he 's among the suspects named in sealed federal charges brought last year . Al-Shibli was a member of the Libyan Islamist Fighting Group , a militant organization that tried to overthrow the government of late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi in the mid-1990s . That regime named him as a suspect in the murder of a German counterintelligence official and his wife , who were killed in the Libyan town of Sirte in 1994 . Libyan authorities also issued an arrest warrant for former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in connection with the crime . Abu Khattalah -- The Libyan militia leader for Ansar al-Sharia in Benghazi has been described as the mastermind of the attack -- an allegation he denied in an interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon . He was captured by U.S. forces last month and brought to Washington to face charges . He has pleaded not guilty to one count of providing material support to terrorists and will remain jailed until his trial , a federal magistrate ruled July 2 . Ali Ani al Harzi -- Tunisian authorities held him in Tunis for several weeks in 2013 in connection with the Benghazi attack . A Tunisian judge released him in January on grounds of insufficient evidence , but a U.S. law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the Benghazi investigation told CNN at the time that al Harzi 's release "  does n't mean he 's any less a suspect . " Mohammed al-Zahawi -- One of the leaders in Ansar al-Sharia . He has denied the group 's involvement in the attack , and U.S. officials have also expressed doubts . Sheikh Nasser al-Tarshani -- Ansar al-Sharia 's religious authority . Sufian bin Qumu -- He headed the Darnah branch of Ansar al-Sharia , which the U.S. State Department said in January was involved in the Benghazi attack . Several unnamed Yemeni men -- A senior law enforcement source told CNN in May 2013 that authorities had traced the men to northern Mali , where they are believed to have connected with a fighting group commanded by jihadist leader Moktar Belmoktar . It 's unclear where these men might be . Moktar Belmoktar -- He is an Algerian terror suspect linked to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb who was on the receiving end of an excited phone call from someone in or close to Benghazi in the attack 's aftermath , a source briefed on the investigation told CNN in May 2013 . "  Mabruk , Mabruk ! " the caller repeated , meaning "  Congratulations " in Arabic . There is no proof the call was about the attack , but it was assumed to be , the source said . Troops in Chad claimed to have killed Belmoktar in 2013 , but several taped messages from him have been released since then . Mohammed Jamal Abu Ahmed -- According to a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the investigation , authorities were examining in December whether Abu Ahmed played a role in the attack . He is allegedly the leader of a post-revolution terrorist network in Egypt . He was released from jail after the downfall of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak but was thought to be back in an Egyptian prison late last year .	Faraj al-Shibli is the second Benghazi suspect to surface in recent weeks His body was found in an eastern Libya town Last month , U.S. commandos captured Ahmed Abu Khattalah , who is charged in the attack Four Americans died in the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi
CNN  -- Wikipedia was back Thursday , a day after shutting down the website to protest anti-piracy bills now in Congress . On the website early Thursday morning was the cryptic message : "  Thank you for protecting Wikipedia . We 're not done yet . " Clicking on that message takes a Wikipedia viewer to a thank you letter and instructions on how to continue fighting against anti-piracy bills that critics say could amount to censorship . "  Your voice was loud and strong , " the message said . "  Millions of people have spoken in defense of a free and open Internet . " Wikipedia was among several websites to shut down Wednesday in protest of the bills . Instead of the usual encyclopedia articles , visitors to Wikipedia 's English-language site were greeted by a message about the decision to black out its Web page for an entire day . Why Wikipedia went down at midnight However , users were able to access Wikipedia on some smartphones . The site and several others went dark at midnight Tuesday ; others followed suit later in the day . The protest is in response to the Stop Online Piracy Act bill , a piece of proposed legislation that is working its way through the Congress . A Senate committee approved a similar bill in May called the Protect IP Act , which is now pending before the full Senate . The controversy over SOPA and PIPA has turned into an all-out war between Hollywood and Silicon Valley . Media companies have united in favor of the bills , while tech 's power players are throwing their might into opposing them . "  Both SOPA and PIPA are threats not just to the U.S. economy , and not just to all the jobs that this tech sector creates , but if they had existed , Steve Huffman and I could have never founded Reddit , " said Alexis Ohanian , who co-founded the site . Millions visit Reddit to submit interesting links from websites , discuss them and vote on them , he said , calling it "  sort of a democratic front page of the web . " Reddit also went dark Wednesday morning and was back Thursday . One member of Congress , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , who opposes the bills , said the unprecedented blackouts had "  turned the tide against a backroom lobbying effort by interests that are n't used to being told no . " Issa is pushing for consideration of his own plan , the OPEN act , addressing the matter . CNN 's Ed Payne , Julianne Pepitone , John D. Sutter , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	The protest is in response to the Stop Online Piracy Act legislation "  We 're not done yet , " website said The legislation is working its way through Congress
The devices used in the Boston Marathon attack Monday are typical of the "  lone wolf : " the solo terrorist who builds a bomb on his own by following a widely available formula . In this case , the formula seems very similar to one that al Qaeda has recommended to its supporters around the world as both crudely effective and difficult to trace . But it is also a recipe that has been adopted by extreme right-wing individuals in the United States . The threat of the "  lone wolf " alarms the intelligence community . "  This is what you worry about the most , " a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN 's Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger . "  No trail , no intelligence . " Officials have told CNN that among the materials used in the attack on the marathon were some sort of timing device , a basic mixture of explosives and some sort of metal container containing nails and other projectiles . The FBI said late Tuesday that what appeared to be fragments of ball bearings , or BBs , and nails had been recovered and had possibly been contained in a pressure cooker . One federal law enforcement source told CNN 's Deborah Feyerick the devices contained "  low-velocity improvised explosive mixture -- perhaps flash-powder or sugar chlorate mixture likely packed with nails or shrapnel . " An explosives expert told CNN the yellowness of the flame probably came from carbon or some organic fuel such as sugar that contains it . The expert , who is frequently consulted by the FBI and other government agencies , said the white smoke made it "  unlikely that a military-grade high explosive , such as those used in shells and bombs , which is usually grey or black , was used . " U.S. Rep. Mike McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said "  most likely gun powder " was used in the devices . Such improvised devices use readily available materials that can not be easily traced . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , in its English-language online magazine Inspire , noted such "  ingredients are readily available " and they are "  easily disposed of if the enemy searches your home . " There is no evidence that AQAP or any of its supporters was involved in the Boston attack . Nor is it clear whether the attack was the work of one or more individuals . But AQAP has championed ` do-it-yourself terrorism ' in the last three years , urging Muslims in the West to take action on their own . "  How to Make a Bomb in Your Mom 's Kitchen , " published in a 2010 edition of Inspire , has been downloaded by Islamist militants plotting terrorist attacks in both the United States and the U.K. , according to counterterrorism officials . Eight pages were devoted to building a basic but lethal device . The ingredients included sugar and a black powder made from match heads . Combining step-by-step instructions and diagrams , the magazine described wiring a "  timed circuit as it is simple " and using small nails as shrapnel . It said gunpowder or powder from fireworks can be used as a substitute for match heads . It continues : "  It only works if contained in a high-pressure environment . So you may use iron pipes , pressure cookers , fire extinguishers or empty propane canisters ... The pressure cooker is the most effective method . " The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has issued several unclassified bulletins about the use of pressure cookers as part of an explosive device . In July 2010 , the DHS said that while pressure cookers are common in countries such as Afghanistan , "  the presence of a pressure cooker in an unusual location such as a building lobby or busy street corner should be treated as suspicious . " Such a formula is certainly not unique to AQAP . Variations appear all over the Internet . A senior U.S. counterterrorism investigator told CNN that pressure cooker bombs have also been a signature of extreme right-wing individuals in the United States who he said tend to revel in building homemade bombs . For example , the devices planted by Erich Rudolph at an Atlanta park during the 1996 Olympic Games were pipe bombs filled with gunpowder and nails to increase their lethality ; it also had an alarm clock as a timing mechanism . Like the bombings in Boston , those devices were concealed in a backpack , according to a Department of Homeland Security report detailing the 1996 attack . At least two previous terrorist plots on U.S. soil have involved variations on the Inspire recipe , and both involved "  lone wolves . " Pakistani-American Faisal Shahzad tried to detonate a vehicle bomb in Times Square in 2010 that included "  a pressure cooker containing approximately 120 firecrackers , " according to the 2010 DHS bulletin . The indictment against another alleged "  lone wolf " militant , Jose Pimentel , described a video "  showing the defendant following precisely the instructions from the Inspire Magazine article by  i  scraping the heads from the matches and collecting the incendiary powder in a bowl ; and  ii  connecting a Christmas tree light to the battery using wiring to create an ignition device . " Pimentel was arrested by New York police in November 2011 and pleaded not guilty to state terrorism charges . He had not received training overseas , but Shahzad had received training from a bomb-maker with the Pakistani Taliban . And exactly one year before Pimentel 's arrest , Taimur Abdulwahab al-Abdaly flew to Sweden from England . There he built a powerful but rudimentary bomb , using ingredients he was able to purchase locally : pressure cookers , fireworks , explosive chemicals , and nails and ball bearings . He too had received bomb-making training , not in Pakistan , like many others , but in Iraq . Abdulwahab died when he tried to detonate a device in central Stockholm in December 2010 .	Boston Marathon bombs seem to follow widely available recipe , experts say "  Lone wolf " devices worry the intelligence community because there 's "  no trail , no intelligence " Al Qaeda , U.S. right-wing extremists use hard-to-trace bombs , experts say
On Wednesday , the Senate and House homeland security committees held their first-ever joint hearing , on the 70th anniversary of the bombing of Pearl Harbor , to address what has become a familiar theme for both committees -- the threat from "  homegrown " terrorists . The hearing , chaired jointly by Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , and Rep. Peter King , R-New York , examined the threat to "  military communities " posed by domestic terrorism , a threat that Lieberman said last week "  has increased dramatically " since 2006 , when he held his first hearing on the subject . Lieberman cited the attack , allegedly by U.S. Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , that killed 13 soldiers and civilians at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 ; the shooting death of a soldier outside an army recruiting station in Arkansas the same year ; and a purported plot by Army Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo to attack soldiers near Fort Hood with explosives and firearms this year . So what is the actual threat to America 's military from homegrown terrorists ? The New America Foundation and the Maxwell School of Public Policy examined 192 cases of apparent homegrown terrorism by Islamist militants since 9/11 . We found that the American military at home and abroad is indeed a target for Islamist extremist plots . In a third of the cases we studied , the individuals who were charged had targeted the U.S. military . Of those , a little under half targeted military facilities or personnel in the United States , while 55 % were targeting American bases and troops overseas . Additionally , attacks against military personnel have accounted for 14 of the 17 deaths attributed to jihadist terrorists in the United States since 9/11  though all but one happened during the 2009 Fort Hood shooting  . These deaths were all caused by gunfire , presumably because explosives are more difficult to acquire and build and often draw the attention of law enforcement . American law enforcement is quite focused on the threat of attacks against U.S. military targets . A government informant or undercover government agent took part in the investigations of 60 % of the jihadist terrorism cases directed at U.S. military targets . While some of the anti-military plots were serious , in particular the deadly assault on Fort Hood , others were more aspirational than operational . Rezwan Ferdaus , for instance , is charged with hatching a harebrained plan to attack the Pentagon and U.S. Capitol earlier this year using remote-controlled model aircraft loaded with explosives . Ferdaus was snared by government informants who supplied him with the cash to take his "  scouting trips " to scope out the targets , and even to buy the model planes that were to be used in the plot . He has pleaded not guilty . And the FBI declined to investigate Jose Pimentel , a recent convert to Islam arrested by New York police last month on charges of trying to build pipe bombs for use against U.S. service members returning to the United States because , as an anonymous law enforcement official told the Wall Street Journal , "  If the FBI declines a case , it 's not a strong case . ' The desire of Islamist militants to attack the U.S. military may decline as the U.S. completes its withdrawal from Iraq this month and transitions away from combat operations toward a training mission in Afghanistan over the next two years . New America and the Maxwell School also examined nonjihadist terrorist cases since 9/11 and found that while terrorists motivated by far right-wing or anti-government ideologies do not pose a threat to the U.S. military , they do pose a real threat to U.S. government personnel -- in particular to law enforcement . We examined the 118 cases of right-wing and left-wing terrorism since 9/11 and found that more than 40 % of them involved plans to strike government facilities and personnel , including federal and local law enforcement officers . Police disrupted a number of such plots , such as the one allegedly organized by members of the "  Hutaree " Christian militia last year in Michigan , who authorities said planned to kill a police officer and later ambush the funeral procession using explosives . During the investigation of the Hutaree group , law enforcement seized machine guns and a variety of explosives . On Monday one of the nine accused of the Michigan plot pleaded guilty to weapons charges , the first to do so . The guilty plea in the Michigan case underscores that while Islamist terrorists do pose a threat to U.S. service members , those with other types of extremist beliefs also pose a similar kind of threat to U.S. government officials and American law enforcement . Terrorist threats against U.S. officials and police that have nothing to do with Islamist militancy are surely also worthy of the scrutiny of Congress , but neither the Senate nor House homeland security committee , nor it seems any other congressional committee , has examined the issue in any detail since 9/11 .	House and Senate panels hold hearings on homegrown terrorists and U.S. military Authors say study shows dimensions of the threat American military is a target for Islamist extremist plots at home and abroad , they say Authors : Congress should also study threat from non-Islamist terror groups of left , right
CNN  -- Large swaths of southern New South Wales in Australia were threatened Wednesday by raging flames , the severity of which has surprised even veteran firefighters . "  It 's about the worst I 've ever experienced in just-on 60 years of firefighting , " said Capt. Jim Simpson with the New South Wales Rural Fire Service . Outside the town of Yass , flames swept rapidly across more than 16,000 hectares  40,000 acres  of farmland and up to the fence around Catherine Frith 's house , where its march was halted . "  The firefighters were amazing , " she said . "  There must have been about 60 trucks come in . " Her sheep did not fare as well . "  We know about 500 sheep have died -- or are being shot at the moment , " she said . Thanks to firefighters like Simpson , the town of Tarcutta in southwestern New South Wales escaped by a whisker the fate suffered by Frith 's sheep . A blackened line stops just outside the town of 200 residents . "  The wind change is probably what saved us as well as some pretty hard work from a lot of crews , " said one firefighter . Despite such victories , New South Wales 's premier , Barry O'Farrell , told reporters on Wednesday that danger remains . "  There are in the order of 130 , 140 fires across the state and 30 uncontained , " he said . The New South Wales Rural Fire Service said more than 1,200 firefighters with more than 360 trucks and more than 80 aircraft were working to stop the flames . There were no reports of deaths or serious injuries related to the fires , which have blackened 350,000 hectares  more than 1,350 square miles  of the state . One firefighter received slight injuries to his hands and face , firefighter Matt Inwood told CNN Wednesday . "  The next step in all this is for us to take stock of the devastation and destruction , " Inwood said . Photos : Catastrophic fires threaten Australia The weather has been brutal across Australia in recent days . The Australian Bureau of Meteorology said a recent heat wave had set temperature records . The average maximum daily temperature of 40.33 degrees Celsius  104 degrees Fahrenheit  recorded on Monday was the highest since December 1972 . And during the last four months of 2012 , average maximum daily temperatures were the highest on record since records began in 1910 , the bureau said . Temperatures reached a peak of 43 degrees Celsius  109 degrees Fahrenheit  in Sydney on Tuesday . The intense heat , combined with strong winds , raised fears that even the smallest spark could be fanned into a blaze . Lower temperatures on Wednesday prompted authorities to rescind a "  catastrophic warning , " but the risk was still deemed "  severe " in the northeast section of New South Wales . Higher temperatures are forecast for the weekend . Read more : Scores cope with heartbreak after bushfires rip through Tasmania Watch : Hot weather fuels Australian fires The extreme heat combined with the late onset of the Australian monsoon have turned large areas of bush and scrub land across the state into a tinderbox . In the first days of the year , the heat contributed to the spread of fires across Tasmania , where police have charged a 31-year-old man with causing one of the worst of the fires by not extinguishing a campfire before leaving the site . Fires erupted this week in Victoria as well . Watch : Residents , vacationers flee fire zone Prime Minister Julia Gillard went on television to warn of the dangers and urged people to watch news reports and judge whether they should get out of the path of any flames . "  Thankfully there has been no loss of life or large scale loss of houses ; however the bushfires have had a devastating effect on livestock and farmland , " she said . She said assistance would be available to help residents recover in 37 areas of New South Wales . The fires were reminiscent of what happened on February 7 , 2009 , also known as "  Black Saturday . " That 's when bushfires across the state of Victoria left 173 people dead and 500 injured and destroyed thousands of homes . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's about the worst I 've ever experienced in just-on 60 years , " firefighter says NEW : Hundreds of New South Wales farmer 's sheep die in fires The weather has been unforgiving across Australia in recent days Fires have scorched 350,000 hectares  more than 1,350 square miles  of the state
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 24-year-old man was charged Monday with arson in connection with a rash of car and building fires across the Los Angeles area , authorities said . Harry Burkhart was charged with one count of arson of an inhabited dwelling and will likely face additional charges as the investigation moves forward , said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa . Arson investigators counted 52 fires , most starting in parked cars , since Friday morning , but none since the man was was detained at 3 a.m. Monday , according to officials . Burkhart is currently being held without bail . "  These were serious and potentially deadly crimes that needlessly endangered thousands of innocent lives , " Villaraigosa told reporters . "  These crimes will not be tolerated . " Burkhart is believed to a foreign national from Germany , according to Los Angeles Police Department Chief Charlie Beck . Authorities hope , and believe one arsonist acted alone , but will behave as though he did not until they know for sure , Beck said . Burkhart 's arrest came when a sheriff 's deputy stopped a van near the intersection of Sunset Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue in Hollywood early Monday , said Los Angeles Fire Capt. Jaime Moore . The van matched the description of a vehicle believed related to some of the suspicious fires and the driver resembled a man seen in a surveillance video near the scene of one fire , he said . The video showed a man who appears to be in his late 20s to mid-30s , with a ponytail , dark hair and a receding hairline . No one was killed or seriously injured in the fires , though one firefighter and one civilian sustained minor injuries , said Los Angeles City Fire Chief Brian Cummings . Both he and the mayor estimated the fires caused some $ 3 million in damages . Among the homes damaged was one that was once occupied by the Doors frontman Jim Morrison . Eleven of the fires took place overnight , in the very early hours of Monday : nine within the city of Los Angeles and two in West Hollywood , fire department spokesman Cecco Secci said . Cars were set on fire in Hollywood and Van Nuys , Moore said . Los Angeles has not seen such a rash of fires since the city 's riots in 1992 . CNN 's Irving Last , Josh Levs , Drew Griffin , Stan Wilson and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Authorities believe the suspect is a foreign national from Germany Harry Burkhart , 24 , was charged with one count of arson of an inhabited dwelling He will likely face more charges as the investigation continues , the mayor says The fires caused some $ 3 million in damages
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius , a South African double-amputee nicknamed the "  Blade Runner , " made an unprecedented Olympic debut Saturday , finishing second in his 400-meter qualifying heat . With a time of 45.44 seconds , Pistorius qualified for Sunday 's semifinals . The runner 's legs were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old because of a bone defect . He runs on special carbon fiber blades , hence the nickname . His debut Saturday made him the first Paralympian runner to compete in the able-bodied Olympics and the third overall . Paralympian swimmer Natalie du Toit was in the 2008 Games and table tennis player Natalia Partyka competed in both 2008 and 2012 . High-tech kit speeds athletes into new era "  To have been selected to represent Team South Africa at the London 2012 Olympic Games in the individual 400-meters and the 4x400-meter relay is a real honor , and I am so pleased that years of hard work , determination and sacrifice have all come together , " he said last month . The 25-year-old got to London after jumping through hurdles . The four-time Paralympic Games gold medalist won a silver medal as part of South Africa 's 4x400-meter relay at the world championships in Daegu , South Korea , last year . But he looked set to be excluded from the individual event in London after failing to run the Olympic ` A ' standard qualification mark twice in international competition . But South African selectors relaxed their qualification rules last month and named him in both events . "  I have a phenomenal team behind me who have helped get me here and will now put everything we can into the final few weeks of preparations before the Olympic Games where I am aiming to race well , post good times and maybe even a personal best time on the biggest stage of them all . " The Johannesburg-born athlete is joined by Caster Semenya in the South African track and field team Semenya , an 800-meter world champion , was the subject of a gender test by the International Association of Athletics Federations following her victory in Berlin at the world championships three years ago . She has since been cleared to compete . Human to Hero : Blade Runner 's 2012 Olympic ambition CNN 's Jonathan Stevenson contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius is the first Paralympian runner to compete in the able-bodied Olympics The 25-year-old runs the 400-meter race and the 4x400-meter relay He qualified for Sunday 's semifinals in the 400 meters , with a time of 45.44 seconds Pistorius had both legs amputated when he was 11 months old
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI completed his eight-day tour of the Holy Land on Friday with an exhortation to both Israelis and Palestinians to work through their decades-old conflict . Pope Benedict XVI prays in Jerusalem on Friday at what 's believed to be the burial site of Jesus . "  No more bloodshed ! No more fighting ! No more terrorism ! No more war ! Instead let us break the vicious circle of violence . Let there be lasting peace based on justice , let there be genuine reconciliation and healing , " the pontiff said . Benedict made the comments at a farewell ceremony at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv before Israeli President Shimon Peres and other religious and secular leaders . In his concluding remarks , Benedict called his visit to Israel 's Holocaust memorial Yad Vashem and his conversations with survivors a "  deeply moving encounter . " He seemed to address some criticism he received within the country for not speaking in stronger terms about anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial . Referring to the Holocaust , Benedict spoke of the victims who "  were brutally exterminated under a godless regime that propagated an ideology of anti-Semitism and hatred . " After Benedict 's Monday speech at Yad Vashem , the memorial 's chairman , Holocaust survivor Rabbi Yisrael Lau , criticized the pope , saying the pontiff did not "  participate in the pain of the Jewish people " and "  used the term ` killed ' when talking about Holocaust victims and not the word ` murdered ' as his predecessor did . " Benedict drew the ire of Jews and German Catholics earlier this year by rehabilitating an excommunicated bishop who had disputed the number of Jews killed in concentration camps during World War II . The bishop 's excommunication was unrelated to his Holocaust denial . Friday , Benedict repeated his call for Palestinians to enjoy a "  sovereign independent homeland " and "  to live in dignity and to travel freely . " He remarked that "  one of the saddest sights for me during my visit to these lands was the wall " -- a reference to the 20-foot concrete barrier he saw in Bethlehem during his visit to a Palestinian refugee camp . Israel says the structure , which it calls a security fence , was built to prevent terrorist attacks ; Palestinians consider it an illegal land grab . Benedict began the day with a busy morning in Jerusalem 's Old City , including meeting the patriarchs of the Greek Orthodox and Armenian Apostolic churches . Between sessions with the patriarchs , Benedict toured and prayed at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , believed to be located on the site where Jesus was crucified and buried . On his Middle East visit , the pope has navigated the region 's treacherous political landscape , which often pits Jew against Muslim and Muslim against Christian . Benedict has repeatedly called for reconciliation between the peoples of the region during his visit , urging Israelis and Palestinian to put aside their grievances and divisions . "  Just and peaceful coexistence among the peoples of the Middle East can only be achieved through a spirit of cooperation and mutual respect , in which the rights and dignity of all are acknowledged and upheld , " the pope said . Celebrating Mass on Thursday , Benedict covered similar territory in his message to over 30,000 parishioners gathered at the Mount of the Transfiguration , outside Nazareth . Watch the reaction of one visitor who attended Mass " "  Christians readily join Jews , Muslims , Druze and people of other religions in wishing to safeguard children from fanaticism and violence , while preparing them to be builders of a better world , " he said . Benedict 's trip marks the first papal visit to some of Christianity 's most holy places since Pope John Paul II made the pilgrimage in 2000 .	NEW : Benedict XVI winds up Mideast trip with call for "  peace based on justice " Pope revisits Old City after similar outing on Tuesday Pope calls for spirit of cooperation and mutual respect in the Middle East Trip marks first papal visit to Holy Land since Pope John Paul II in 2000
Atlanta  CNN  -- A North Georgia chapter of the Ku Klux Klan has applied to "  adopt " a stretch of highway in Union County , Georgia , according to paperwork obtained by CNN on Monday . The application , which would allow the white supremacy group to receive state recognition for cleaning up a one-mile portion of a highway , was filed by the International Keystone Knights of the KKK on May 21 . If the Georgia Department of Transportation accepts the application , the KKK would be responsible for cleaning litter on a part of Georgia State Route 515 in the Appalachian Mountains near the North Carolina border . "  All we want to do is adopt a highway , " said April Chambers , the chapter 's secretary . "  We 're not doing it for publicity . We 're doing it to keep the mountains beautiful . People throwing trash out on the side of the road ... that ai n't right . " Jill Goldberg , a Georgia DOT spokeswoman , confirmed the application but said , "  the department is deferring comment beyond that , however , until a resolution is determined . " Reader feels dirty for agreeing with KKK DOT officials will discuss the matter Monday with representatives from the state attorney general 's office , she said . Chambers told CNN she did n't know anything about that meeting but said the group is supposed to meet with the DOT at some point . State Rep. Tyrone Brooks , D-Atlanta , has been working against the group 's adoption application , she said . "  We 're not racists , " Chambers said Monday . "  We just want to be with white people . If that 's a crime , then I do n't know . It 's all right to be black and Latino and proud , but you ca n't be white and proud . I do n't understand it . " A similar request in Missouri set off a legal battle that stretched for years and went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . A Ku Klux Klan chapter sought to adopt a portion of Interstate 55 . A federal appeals court ruled the state could not bar the KKK from participating in the program , and the high court declined to review the case , letting that ruling stand . However , the Missouri Department of Transportation eventually kicked the KKK out of the program because members were not picking up trash as agreed , spokesman Bob Brendel said Monday . The state also named the stretch of I-55 after civil rights activist Rosa Parks , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . Georgia has been participating in the Adopt-A-Highway program for more than 20 years . The program provides advertising for sponsors who agree to clean a stretch of road on a sign posted along the stretch . "  Any civic-minded organization , business , individual , family , city , county , state , or federal agency is welcome to volunteer in the Georgia Adopt-A-Highway program , " the DOT website says . There is no charge to sponsors , Goldberg said . "  We provide the safety vest and materials to collect the trash . We provide what 's needed to do the program ... their contribution is the labor . " Chambers said the group is more than 100 strong . "  We have a lot of support , " she said . "  I do n't see why we ca n't  adopt the stretch of highway  , " she said . "  Would it be any different if it was the Black Panthers or something ? Someone always has some kind of race card . " On its website , the International Keystone Knights of the KKK says it is "  fed up with the Federal tyranny and oppression of Reconstruction , and the time was ripe for Clandestine Armed Resistance . " The Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups , lists the KKK as "  the most infamous -- and oldest -- of American hate groups . " "  Over the years since it was formed in December 1865 , the Klan has typically seen itself as a Christian organization , although in modern times Klan groups are motivated by a variety of theological and political ideologies , " the law center 's website says . "  We 're not a hate group , " Chambers insisted Monday . "  We do n't hate anybody . We 're just white people that want to stick with white people . The NAACP  National Association for the Advancement of Colored People  wants to stick with black people . Just because I 'm white , I ca n't stick with my own group ? " CNN 's Bill Mears and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	"  We 're doing it to keep the mountains beautiful , " Ku Klux Klan group official says The group has applied to the Georgia Department of Transportation State officials are scheduled to discuss the matter Monday If approved , the KKK would clean part of Georgia State Route 515
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The judge in the Lindsay Lohan case will issue an order Wednesday morning concerning the actress ' stay in rehab , a court official said . Lohan entered a court-ordered substance abuse rehabilitation program at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on August 2 , following a 13-day stint in a Los Angeles county jail for a probation violation . Judge Marsha Revel , who ordered Lohan to spend 90 days in rehab , was replaced by Judge Eldon Fox earlier this month . Judge Fox , who has met behind closed doors with Lohan 's lawyer and the prosecutor , will hold a hearing in his Beverly Hills courtroom Wednesday morning , a court spokesman said . Fox is expected to issue a new order concerning Lohan during the hearing , the spokesman said . Revel ordered the jail time and rehab after she ruled that Lohan violated her probation from a 2007 drunk driving case .	Judge Fox will hold a hearing for Lohan Wednesday morning Lohan 's lawyer and the prosecutor met privately with the judge last week The actress entered rehab on August 2 , 2010 The previous judge ordered 90 days of rehab
CNN  -- The head of Hezbollah denied involvement Thursday in attacks this week on Israeli targets in India , Georgia and Thailand . "  We are not afraid to say that we had nothing to do with these explosions , " Hassan Nasrallah said in a televised address from an undisclosed location in Lebanon . He denied that the death of a Hezbollah commander in 2008 in an explosion in Damascus , Syria , inspired the attacks . "  The blood of Imad Mogniyeh will always haunt the Israelis , " he said , referring to the commander whose death Hezbollah blamed on Israel , and Israeli denied . Hezbollah has longstanding close ties with Iran and Syria . "  It is quite insulting to accuse Hezbollah of plans to kill average Israeli civilians in retaliation of killing our leaders , " Nasrallah continued . "  Those who we will take our revenge from know themselves very well and they will need to keep taking precautions for their safety . " Hezbollah is a Shiite Muslim group active in Lebanon that the United States views as a terrorist organization . Nashrallah 's remarks came after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed Tehran for the attacks . "  Iran is a threat to the stability of the world ; they are targeting innocent diplomats , " he said . "  The international community has to denounce the Iranian actions and to indicate red lines concerning the Iranian aggression . " But Ramin Mehmanparast , a spokesman for the Iranian Foreign Ministry , "  condemned the blasts and said that Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts , " Iran 's state-run Press TV said on its website . And state-run Iranian news agency IRNA quoted an analyst as saying the Israeli allegations against Iran involving the bombings in India and Thailand represent "  a prelude to terrorist attacks against the Islamic Republic . " Thai state-run MCOT Television said Thursday that the country 's criminal court had issued arrest warrants for four Iranians on charges related to Tuesday 's Bangkok bomb incidents . The approval came after police submitted closed-circuit television pictures , explosive devices seized from their rented house and testimony of witnesses , MCOT reported . Thai authorities said they are holding three Iranian suspects -- Saeid Moradi , 28 , whose legs were blown off by his own bomb -- and Mohammad Hazaei , 42 , who was taken into custody Tuesday at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport as he tried to board a plane to Malaysia . Masoud Sedaghatzadeh , 31 , was arrested Wednesday by Malaysian authorities in Kuala Lumpur , MCOT said . All three face charges that include joint assembling of explosive devices , joint possession of explosive devices without permits and causing an explosion injuring other persons . Moradi also faces charges of attempted killing of state officials on duty and the intentional attempted killing of other persons , it said . A fourth Iranian , a woman identified as Rohani Leila , remained at large . She is suspected of renting the house where the first device exploded , apparently by accident , MCOT said . A Thai police official said Wednesday that Israeli diplomats were the intended target of the Bangkok blasts . "  I can tell you that the target of the operation of this group is specifically aimed at Israeli diplomats , " Police Gen. Priewpan Damapong told CNN affiliate Channel 3 . His comments came after a senior Thai security official had drawn a tentative link between the Bangkok blasts and attacks aimed at Israeli officials in India and Georgia , saying the materials used in the explosive devices were similar . Last month , Thai authorities charged a Lebanese man they said they believed was a member of Hezbollah with possession of explosive materials . The police charged the man , Atris Hussein , after finding outside Bangkok "  initial chemical materials that could produce bombs . " The authorities said they believed Hussein was trying to attack spots in Bangkok popular with Western tourists . In the events Monday , a device attached to an Israeli Embassy van in New Delhi exploded , wounding four people . Another device , found on an embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia 's capital , was safety detonated . Indian police said Thursday that they have not established an Iranian tie to the New Delhi bombing . The materials used in the Bangkok bombs were similar to those used in India , the Thai National Security Council said . Analysis : Was Iran behind the Bangkok bombings ? The attacks and accusations come amid tensions between Israel and Iran . Israel had made clear it is considering attacking Iran 's nuclear facilities . Israel , the United States and other countries have expressed concern that Iran is seeking to build nuclear weapons , despite Tehran 's insistence that its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes . Iranian officials have openly antagonized Israel , and Israeli officials have described the regime in Tehran as an existential threat . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Kocha Olarn , Jethro Mullen , Kevin Flower , Harmeet Singh and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	"  We had nothing to do with these explosions , " head of Hezbollah says Hassan Nasrallah suggests "  revenge " plots would n't target average Israelis Israeli PM blames Iran , calls nation "  a threat to the stability of the world " Iranian minister says Israeli agents "  are often the perpetrators " of terror
CNN  If there was ever any doubt that the Obama administration 's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan , all you have to do is look at how they treat nuclear energy . Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity . Surely President Barack Obama 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing the United States ' overall carbon emissions , would revitalize the nuclear industry , lead to increased plant construction and help meet aggressive carbon reduction targets . Well , think again . James Hansen , the former head of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , said in 2013 that "  continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity 's ability to avoid dangerous climate change . " Yet Wednesday , the White House will celebrate Earth Day and promote its work to fend off climate change , while strategically ignoring its largest tool to cut carbon emissions -- nuclear energy -- as well as the warning of one of the administration 's favorite climate scientists . Despite the fact that nuclear power is carbon-free , the Obama administration 's energy policy plan is biased against it . This bias is created by how Environmental Protection Agency credits nuclear power in its models of both current emissions and plan implementation . EPA 's modeling is divorced from reality . First , EPA 's "  Base Case for the Proposed Clean Power Plan " purports to depict the current state of the industry as the future would unfold without the Clean Power Plan . This base case assumes no new nuclear construction and indicates the retirement of 96 of our 99 operating nuclear plants by 2050 . EPA 's implementation modeling , "  Option 1 -- State , " shows exactly the same situation : no new construction and 96 retirements by 2050 . In other words , EPA assumes that the nuclear industry is essentially phased out by 2050 . These assumptions are tremendously important because they determine how emission targets are set and what state actions will receive credit toward those targets . A group of University of Tennessee graduate students made this point to EPA at a public hearing last summer . Using EPA 's own data , the graduate students showed that EPA 's energy policy plan creates incentives for states to shut down nuclear power plants and replace them with natural gas combined cycle plants . The students demonstrated that under this scenario , EPA 's model shows emission reductions while real world emissions actually increase . President Obama 's EPA has shifted its position on nuclear energy and hidden that policy shift in a model . For example , when EPA modeled the Lieberman-Warner bill in 2008 , the agency indicated 44 nuclear plants would need to be built by 2030 in order to achieve the carbon reductions mandated in the bill . EPA 's modeling of the 2009 Waxman-Markey bill showed the need to build 275 new nuclear plants by 2050 to meet the carbon reduction targets in the legislation . Where did this policy shift come from ? At a recent hearing in the Environment and Public Works Committee , Mary Nichols , chairman of the California Air Resources Board , told Congress that EPA looked at California 's California Global Warming Solutions Act when developing its so-called Clean Power Plan and that EPA 's plan adopts the same policy choices -- limited credit for either nuclear or hydropower -- both of which are carbon-free . Thus , EPA is assuming legislative powers and is making policy choices that favor some forms of carbon-free energy over others . Congress did not give EPA the authority to make these choices , so instead they have hidden them in the modeling . For example , the same modeling that assumes the nuclear energy phaseout coincidentally shows robust development of renewables without any retirements between now and 2050 . This is a very favorable assumption albeit unlikely considering wind turbines and solar panels are commonly believed to last only 20 to 30 years before needing replacement . This anti-nuclear bias also is evident in Obama 's recent executive order "  Planning for Federal Sustainability in the Next Decade , " which directs agencies to reduce their carbon emissions . Even though existing nuclear plants generate carbon-free electricity , the executive order does not allow agencies to take credit for emission reduction from nuclear energy unless it is energy from small modular reactors . While I have long fought back on attempts for the federal government to tax carbon , I believe in an all-of-the-above energy strategy that provides our nation with energy security , and I have supported legislation that helps to clean the air . The administration says it shares these same interests , despite differing avenues to get there . The administration also believes in man-driven global warming , which should make nuclear energy its golden key . But the Clean Power Plan and the President 's recent executive order demonstrate that the Obama administration is neither serious about reducing carbon emissions nor pursuing an all-of-the-above energy strategy . If you think this administration supports nuclear energy , think again .	U.S. Sen. Jim Inhofe : Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity So why does n't the President 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing carbon emissions , do more with nuclear power ?
CNN  -- A libertarian from The Cato Institute and a progressive from Public Citizen may not often agree on politics or what the proper role of government should be , but we agree the public has been kept in the dark on the "  too big to jail " issue for too long . Just over a year ago , many were stunned when the Department of Justice decided not to indict HSBC , headquartered in London an one of the world 's largest banks . The Justice Department made this decision despite the fact that the bank willfully failed to comply with anti-money laundering laws . HSBC 's criminal activities seemed to most observers to provide a strong case for the government . These activities included permitting narcotics traffickers to launder hundreds of millions of dollars of drug proceeds through HBSC subsidiaries . It also facilitated hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions on behalf of customers in countries that are sanctioned by the United States : Cuba , Iran , Libya , Sudan and Myanmar  formerly known as Burma  . But instead of charging HSBC , the Justice Department entered into a deferred prosecution agreement . Under its terms , the government agreed not to prosecute the company for its actions in exchange for HSBC acknowledging wrongdoing , paying a fine and agreeing to cooperate with the government and remedy its compliance programs . The back 's CEO issued a statement accepting responsibility and saying : "  The HSBC of today is a fundamentally different organisation from the one that made those mistakes . " One can question the wisdom of our drug war and whether banks should be drafted into law enforcement duties , but those policy questions do not change a bank 's duty to comply with the law . In a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing after the settlement , U.S. Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , asked Attorney General Eric Holder why the government chose not to indict HSBC . Holder responded by saying he was not talking about HSBC in particular but that , "  I am concerned that the size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to prosecute them when we are hit with indications that if you do prosecute , if you do bring a criminal charge , it will have a negative impact on the national economy , perhaps even the world economy . " From Holder 's statements , it appears that the government was so worried about the dangerous repercussions that could result from prosecuting such a large , complex and globally significant institution that it shielded HSBC from criminal liability . In a subsequent House Financial Services Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing that examined the "  too big to jail " problem , members of Congress asked repeatedly how the Justice Department decides which financial institutions are "  too big to jail " and what information it relies upon to make those decisions . The witness , Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman , was evasive , and left Congress and the public without answers . Now , over a year after the HSBC settlement , those questions still loom . Justice has yet to explain its policy and practice concerning the prosecution -- or refusal to prosecute -- large , complex financial institutions . Without clear answers about how the Justice Department decides which financial institutions are "  too big to jail " and what information it relies upon to make those decisions , we are left to wonder about the extent to which the department might be undermining its mission to enforce the law and ensure fair and impartial administration of justice . If it bases enforcement actions on a bank 's size and economic significance , the Justice Department would be taking on the role of financial regulator . While we may not agree on the wisdom of allowing bank regulators to designate certain entities as "  systemic , " congressional intent is clear that such a decision is the purview not of Justice but of the Financial Stability Oversight Council . We have yet to see any evidence that the department conferred with the Oversight Council or any financial regulator in determining whether HSBC , or any other institution , was indeed "  systemic . " Were the Justice Department to maintain a policy of basing enforcement decisions upon an entity 's perceived impact on the national economy , one result would be to further entrench "  too big to fail . " Such an arrangement would allow these favored companies to borrow at subsidized rates and to capture market-share from smaller competitors , ultimately making these same "  too-big-to-fail " companies even bigger . "  Equality under the law " demands that companies are treated similarly under the law , regardless of their size . There can not be a separate justice system for the large and another system for the small . If certain institutions are being provided preferential treatment under the law , then the Justice Department should publicly acknowledge that that is the case , as well as its reasoning for doing so . After passing the one-year mark , we hope that our policymakers reflect on this unresolved issue and respond appropriately . The public deserves no less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Authors : Federal prosecutors declined to indict HSBC for wrongdoing a year ago They say Eric Holder has signaled concern about effects if a large bank were charged We ca n't have one law for small companies and another for big ones , they say Authors : Justice Department owes public an explanation of "  too big to jail " standards
CNN  -- What will Narendra Modi 's India look like ? The country 's prime minister-in-waiting -- a staunch Hindu nationalist and the Chief Minister of the western state of Gujarat since 2001 -- is a deeply polarizing figure and an unproven commodity on the international stage . Analysts predict his arrival in the country 's top office will bring a marked change in direction for the world 's most populous democracy , a nation whose modern character has been defined by the inclusive , secular and liberal approach of the Congress Party , which has governed for most of the post-independence era . The only question , they say , is how great a departure Modi 's premiership will be from what has come before . "  There will be a big change , " analyst and journalist Arati Jerath told CNN ahead of his Bharatiya Janata Party 's  Indian People 's Party  crushing victory at the polls . The BJP finished with 282 of 543 parliamentary seats , giving it a clear majority -- something no other Indian political party has achieved in three decades . "  The desire for change very clearly  is there  ... I think people are looking for another kind of government , " said Jerath . "  His vision for India is not the kind of inclusive , secularist vision that we have been used to -- it is a much more right-wing , pro-Hindu vision , " she said . "  I ... see an increase in social tension with groups that are not included in his vision . " Administrator-in-chief The 63-year-old former tea seller 's immense popularity -- a Pew survey ahead of the elections found nearly 80 % of respondents held a positive view of him -- stems in large part from his reputation as a tough , "  can-do " administrator , the man with the medicine to kickstart India 's stuttering economy . "  Modi is a good administrator , " said Ramesh Menon , author of an unauthorized biography of the politician . "  He is very strict , gets things done . There is a fear element . " His popularity comes in spite of a lack of strong personal charisma . Seen as a hardworking and conservative technocrat , Modi had failed to establish an "  emotional connect " with voters during campaigning , said Jerath . Instead , his claim to the nation 's top office has largely rested on his track record since 2001 in charge of Gujarat , a state of some 60 million people whose China-like rates of growth in recent years have been eyed enviously by the rest of the country . ` The Gujarat model ' The so-called "  Gujarat model " of development means a focus on infrastructure , urbanization and eradicating red tape -- seen as a much-needed tonic for a country ranked 179th in the world by the World Bank in terms of ease of starting a business . A sharp contrast to the traditional approach of the outgoing Congress Party -- which has focused on promoting inclusive growth involving a raft of welfare schemes -- it 's proven highly attractive to business . India stocks have risen almost 18 % this year at the prospect of a Modi-led government . India 's largest conglomerate , the Tata Group , relocated a car plant into the state four years ago , a move the company 's former chairman Ratan Tata credits in part to Modi 's involvement . "  In effect ,  Modi  delivered in three days what other states which were also trying to woo us could only offer their best endeavors to do , " he told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . "  No side deals , no quid pro quos . " The promise of economic development is just as enticing to the public , and resonates particularly with the increasingly strident aspirations of the 100 million young voters who were eligible to cast their ballots for the first time in 2014 , said Dilip Dutta , director of the South Asian Studies Group at the University of Sydney . "  These young voters are exposed through electronic media to the whole world , and have a dream of moving forward -- not lagging behind as their fathers and grandfathers have for decades . " Greater inequality ? But not everyone is convinced about Modi 's economic prescription . Mohan Guruswamy , a political analyst at Delhi 's Center for Policy Alternatives , told CNN that Modi 's record in Gujarat has been overhyped . "  There is no ` Gujarat model , ' and there are other states with faster economic growth , " he said during an interview in the build-up to the election . Moreover , many feel that economic development in the state has been unequally distributed , and not matched with corresponding gains in human development . "  It really is a model that favors people who already have access to things like education and business possibilities , " said Jerath . "  He offers very little to the poor , to the weaker section and I think that this is a major weakness . " While she believed Modi 's leadership would see an increase in foreign and domestic investment , his corporate agenda would also likely lead to conflict with India 's vocal civil society groups . "  I see a rise in social tension because people have become much more conscious and they do n't want to to give up their land so easily just because Modi wants to clear the way forward for business , " she said . "  There will be tension over forest land , there will be tension over agricultural land ... It will be a very interesting thing to see how he manages the challenges . " Too autocratic ? Modi 's hard-nosed , occasionally abrasive leadership style will also present a marked departure for a country accustomed to a more consensus-driven approach , analysts believe . "  I see Modi as an extraordinarily ambitious man , quite ruthless in the pursuit of his ambition , " said Jerath . Guruswamy , who knows Modi personally , likens his vision of a "  right-wing , authoritarian corporate state " as closer to the model in China , and questions whether his divisive , autocratic tendencies will translate well in a country as boisterously democratic as India . "  It 's not a place where you can press buttons -- you have to work with people , " he said . "  The prime minister of India has to be the supreme conciliator , reconciling the aspirations and demands of thousands of groups . It 's not like China where you can turn off Weibo one day -- you ca n't be autocratic or they 'll cut you out . " Journalist and blogger Sunny Hundal also sees Modi as a challenge to the country 's established liberal , secular order , writing in a CNN opinion piece that the signs were there that his government would "  be much less tolerant of criticism , hostile towards press freedom , and further polarize the country along religious lines . " OPINION : Does Modi threaten secular and liberal India ? Modi and Muslims The greatest concerns about a Modi premiership revolve around his ability , as a hardline Hindu nationalist , to lead a country as culturally and religiously diverse as India . Since he was a boy -- the third of six children born to a family of grocers in the city of Vadnagar -- Modi has been a supporter of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh  RSS  , a right-wing pro-Hindu social movement . His track record with India 's 180 million-strong Muslim community , the country 's second largest religious group , has come under intense scrutiny . Less than a year after Modi assumed office in Gujarat in late 2001 , the state was wracked with anti-Muslim violence , in which more than 1,000 people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Modi was criticized for not doing enough to halt the violence , but a Supreme Court-ordered investigation absolved him of blame last year . Modi subsequently expressed regret over the riots but was criticized for not apologizing . The U.S. State Department denied Modi a visa in 2005 over the issue , but after his win , U.S. President Barack Obama called Modi to congratulate him and invite him to Washington , according to the White House . The tensions are not merely a relic of the past . As recently as September last year , more than 60 people were killed and tens of thousands displaced in religious riots in the Muzaffarnagar district of Uttar Pradesh state . Most of the affected were Muslims . Hundal notes that during the election campaign , Modi appeared alongside associates including a Gujarati politician who made inflammatory speeches speaking of "  revenge " for the 2002 riots and called on voters to reject parties with Muslim candidates . Amid what many see as a rising tide of intolerance drummed up by Hindu nationalist groups , some Muslims fear what a Modi-led government means for their community . "  We all remember what he did in Gujarat , " one unnamed Muslim man told CNN . "  For Muslims , Modi represents death . " Jerath said she saw religious tensions becoming more inflamed under Modi 's leadership . "  I see these Hindu groups getting much more active ; I think there will be renewed agitation to build the temple at Ayodhya . " Ayodhya , in Uttar Pradesh , is the site of plot of land that has been the subject of a longstanding dispute between Hindus and Muslims . Hindu hardliners destroyed an historic mosque on the site during a political rally in 1992 , triggering riots across the country in which more than 2,000 people were killed . Noisy neighborhood Modi 's nationalist outlook -- informed by "  a sense of victimhood , that we 've been victimized by foreigners " -- would also likely be reflected in India 's foreign policy , Guruswamy told CNN . "  Internationally , he would be a little more hardline on everything -- Pakistan , China , America . Indian interests would be aggressively asserted , " he said . Jerath said Modi 's foreign policy focus would be on India 's neighborhood , which had been "  in a lot of turmoil . " It 's politically quite unstable and a lot of India 's internal terrorist problems stem from the fact that our borders are so porous , " she said . "  That has to be the primary challenge for anybody who comes to power . " READ MORE : What India can learn from China CNN 's Mallika Kapur contributed to this report .	India 's Prime Minister-in-waiting Narendra Modi is a polarizing figure Critics say the pro-business Hindu nationalist is a threat to secular , liberal traditions He led the state of Gujarat through a period of strong economic growth But his relationship with the country 's huge Muslim minority has come under scrutiny
CNN  -- Sometime around the mid-1990s , the reality show was born . Since then , the genre has taken the world by storm : Audiences continue to love these shows and they cost next to nothing to make  cheap video , cheap sets , amateur "  actors , " etc.  . So the profit margins are huge . If you 're a producer , what 's not to like ? Of course , there are few who would have much positive to say about the artistic values involved . Still , we seem to find reality riveting . Until it comes to America 's space program . Here , general audiences greatly prefer fiction . The much-anticipated film "  Gravity , " for example , opened in the United States this past weekend to rave reviews and a record-breaking box office take of $ 55.8 million . Ask anyone on the street , and chances are they are aware of the film , or at least have heard something about it . 5 things that could n't happen in ` Gravity ' Then consider : Two weeks ago , a Soyuz rocket launched the next astronaut crew to the International Space Station and there was barely a collective yawn , because practically nobody in the general population knew or cared ! Why do general audiences love "  Star Wars , " "  Star Trek , " and other science fiction films , but do n't seem to care about what is going on in real space exploration ? Here is my take on it : 1 . We 've made it look easy for so long that the only time people pay attention is when there is an emergency or an accident . People got used to everything going well . That 's boring to them . I have to admit that I ca n't sit through films of myself doing spacewalks . We did n't mess anything up , or go floating off into space to a slow terrifying death , so where 's the excitement ? 2 . Reality space exploration is done by professionals . The back and forth between astronauts and mission control is intentionally succinct and to the point , with no unnecessary emotion . Better to watch an exciting reality TV show with name calling , hair pulling and other tantrums ! Who knows what will happen next ? 3 . Reality space hardware does n't look cool enough . I was training for my third space mission when Michael Bay and crew came to NASA to film parts of "  Armageddon . " Later , I had a chance to visit a set in Southern California during additional filming . I have to say that their fake space suits , spacecraft and other hardware looked very cool indeed , much more cool than the reality stuff I was going to use ! 4 . The physics of reality spaceflight are also boring . Orbital mechanics can be quite complex . Maneuvers and orbit changes are performed precisely and deliberately , and take some time . Much more exciting to have spacecraft "  fly " like winged jet fighters in space , like in "  Star Wars . " How boring would those battle scenes have been had their maneuvers been technically accurate ? What Buzz Aldrin thinks of ` Gravity ' Nonetheless , the actual experience of spaceflight trumps all movie cool . There is nothing like working hard in a space suit helping assemble a space station , while every now and then stealing glimpses of the surreal view of continents and oceans rolling by below . There is nothing like riding a rocket to orbit , or watching the plasma glow envelop your spacecraft during entry , as bits of burning heat shield go flying past the porthole . There 's nothing like approaching a space station and actually flying the spacecraft to a docking . I 'll take reality space any day . Now , having said all that , I have watched "  Gravity . " Ignoring technical inaccuracies , I enjoyed it . And I am newly grateful that NASA had no such technical inaccuracies during my flights . Watch for my review ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leroy Chiao .	Leroy Chiao : Americans love reality shows . When it comes to space program , prefer fiction He says "  Gravity " well known , but do people care a crew just rocketed to space station ? He says we 're inured to space flight , movies make it look , sound cooler , less workaday Chiao : Truth is , space travel trumps all movie cool . Spaceflight surreal , thrilling
Former President Jimmy Carter said embattled celebrity chef Paula Deen should be forgiven , arguing that while there 's no condoning the racial slurs she uttered , the well-known personality has been candid and apologetic . "  She was maybe excessively honest in saying that she had in the past , 30 years ago , used this terrible word , " Carter told CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux in an interview Friday . "  I think she has been punished , perhaps overly severely , for her honesty in admitting it and for the use of the word in the distant past . She 's apologized profusely . " Deen 's troubles began about two weeks ago when a deposition in a discrimination lawsuit was released in which she admitted using the n-word in the past . Dean has insisted she does not tolerate prejudice , but her apologies have failed to suppress the controversy . The fallout has been swift and painful . Her Southern cooking business is reeling as major brands end or suspend their ties with her , prompting the celebrity chef to seek out professional crisis-management assistance . Opinion : Can we forgive Paula Deen ? Sears Holdings is the latest brand to weigh in . The company said Friday it 's phasing out all products tied to her brand . Carter said he remembers that the n-word was used "  quite frequently " when racial segregation was the "  law of the land " throughout the country , not just the South , where Deen is from and resides . Deen and Southern food : Critics say credit is past due Carter mentioned Deen 's programs in Savannah , Georgia , that benefit "  almost exclusively oppressed and poverty stricken black people . " He advised her to get people she 's helping to speak up and "  show she 's changed in her relationship with African-Americans . " "  My heart goes out to her but there 's no condoning the use of a word that abuses other people , " he said . "  I 've known Paula Deen quite well for a long period of time ; I advised her to let the dust settle and make apologies . " Carter was asked about a number of issues in the interview . The Carter Center in Atlanta is hosting a human rights forum this weekend promoting the role of religion in advancing women 's rights . In tearful interview , Deen slams ` horrible lies '	Carter says "  let the dust settle and make apologies " "  My heart goes out to her , " the former president says But , Carter says , there 's no condoning abusive language
CNN  -- A bear ate the corpse of a convicted killer in a wooded area of Canada , according to authorities . The mauled body of Rory Nelson Wagner , 53 , was found in a rural area in southern British Columbia on Wednesday evening , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said . Police believe Wagner was already dead in a 1986 Volkswagen Jetta when the black bear broke into the vehicle , ate some parts of him and dragged the rest of the body away . "  The driver 's window of the vehicle was down and investigators noted numerous muddy animal prints and scratches on the car , " police said . Officials "  discovered the body in the surrounding bush , about 120 meters from the vehicle , " police said . Drug paraphernalia and a bottle of liquor was found in the car . A coroner is conducting an autopsy and toxicology tests . Wagner and two other people were charged with the 1993 killing of a man they thought had sexually assaulted a relative , CNN affiliate CTV reported . The man they killed was found not guilty of sexual assault charges , according to the affiliate . Wagner was convicted for the murder , but he had been on parole . Conservation officials say the bear was caught , but may be killed to ensure public safety .	The body of Rory Nelson Wagner was found in a rural area this week It is believed he was dead before the bear mauled him Wagner had been on parole after murder conviction , CNN affiliate reports
CNN  -- A federal judge sentenced a former commercial pilot to six months in prison Friday , followed by six months of home detention , for being intoxicated while co-piloting a domestic flight , a federal prosecutor announced . Aaron Jason Cope , 33 , was found guilty in June of operating a common carrier under the influence of alcohol . He could have been ordered to serve as many as 15 years in prison and pay a fine of as much as $ 250,000 . U.S. District Court Judge John R. Tunheim , who oversaw the two-day bench trial , laid out a less-stringent sentence for Cope on Friday morning . After his initial year in prison and home detention , the sentence includes two years of supervised release . Cope was ordered to report to the U.S. Bureau of Prisons to begin serving his time by January 3 , according to a statement from John Walsh , U.S. attorney for the District of Colorado . "  The public rightly expects that airline pilots will not drink and fly , " Walsh said . "  Because flying while intoxicated is a serious crime and puts the lives of passengers and people on the ground in danger , we will prosecute it swiftly and effectively -- every time . " Cope was the first officer aboard United Express Flight 7687 on the morning of December 8 , 2009 , as it flew from Austin , Texas , to Denver . United Express is the name under which several regional airlines operate flights for United Airlines . Flight 7687 was operated by Shuttle America , a subsidiary of Republic Airways Holdings . According to court documents , the flight 's captain , Robert Obodzinski , testified that although his co-pilot "  appeared to be thinking and speaking clearly , every few minutes during the flight  Obodzinski  detected an unusual odor , which he eventually concluded was the smell of an alcoholic beverage . " When the plane arrived in Denver , Obodzinski testified , he "  leaned over and took a big whiff " and determined that the odor was coming from Cope . Cope had been the "  monitoring " pilot on the flight and thus had not manipulated the plane 's controls . However , he was scheduled to fly the Embraer 170 aircraft on the next flight . The Embraer 170 has a seating capacity of 70 to 80 people . Once Cope returned to the cockpit after conducting a post-flight inspection , Obodzinski reportedly told him , "  if you have any problem taking a Breathalyzer , call off sick and get out of here . " Cope then replied , "  Well , I guess I better call off sick then . " Obodzinski , who had been on the phone with superiors while Cope was doing the inspection , was directed by his company to escort the co-pilot to an alcohol testing facility in Denver International Airport 's main terminal , according to trial documents . There , Cope 's blood alcohol content was found to be 0.094 % , more than twice as much as the Federal Aviation Administration-prohibited level of 0.04 % for any crew member of a civil aircraft . Republic Airways prohibits any crew member from working with a blood alcohol level above 0.02 % . At the testing facility , according to testimony , Cope admitted that he had gone to a bar with a friend and bought beer from a gas station near the hotel where he , Obodzinski and two flight attendants had stayed the previous night .	Aaron Jason Cope must serve 6 months in prison and 6 months of home detention He could have gotten 15 years for "  operating a common carrier " while intoxicated He was the co-pilot on a 2009 flight from Texas to Colorado
Maroua , Cameroon  CNN  -- Cameroon authorities have found six more bodies in flood waters , bringing the number killed to as high as 40 in the wake of tropical downpours and the breaching of a dam in the west African country . The inundation in the Far North Region has affected more than 26,000 , officials said Thursday , and in neighboring Nigeria at least 15 deaths are blamed on waters rushing into the country from Cameroon 's compromised Lagdo Dam on the Benoue River . Cameroon 's Communication Minister Issa Tchiroma Bakary has described the flooding as "  a calamity " and called for urgent action to save lives and property . Local officials are calling it the worst flood disaster in over 60 years . Water has submerged swaths of the North Region downstream , wiping out homes , farms and livestock , and Cameroon 's government has dispatched a military contingency to assist and evacuate victims . Aid agencies Plan International Cameroon and the United Nations Population Fund  UNFPA  fear infectious diseases - in particular cholera and malaria - could spread with the water , as is often the case . About 3,000 people have been hospitalized , and tents have been erected to house victims . In 2010 , flooding in northern Cameroon triggered an outbreak of cholera that claimed nearly 6,000 lives , according to official estimates . Thousands of children are suffering from respiratory problems brought on by the flooding , and malaria infections among pregnant women are running high , according to Dr Alain Njiki of the UNFPA , which normally offers reproductive health services in Cameroon but has had to double as a medical aid agency since the flooding began . Food supplies are running low , boosting worries about malnutrition , and tent shelters are inadequate for the tens of thousands of displaced flood victims , said Demian Toh from the Red Cross . Cameroon 's president Paul Biya and a delegation of ministers Thursday offered supplies and vaccination kits in UN camps for internally displaced persons . A flood victim in one camp who preferred anonymity said the government assistance is too small and sidelining thousands of families .	More bodies discovered floating in Cameroon flood waters Nearly a month of heavy rain has destroyed homes and farms and killed livestock A dam fracture has caused a river to flood villages and is blamed for drownings
CNN  -- It 's hard for today 's generation to imagine watching TV in the 1960s -- there was no TiVo or DVR  or even VCR  . You watched what the networks put on and that was it . And oh yeah , there were only three channels . Yet television made some groundbreaking advancements in this decade as we learned from this week 's episode of "  The Sixties , " and here are a few of them : 1 . Television becomes a political force By 1960 , most American households had a television , and that year 's Nixon/Kennedy debate was the first televised presidential debate . For many Americans , it was their first introduction to John F. Kennedy . When Kennedy was approached about the idea of debating his political opponent on television , he agreed immediately . Kennedy was comfortable on-camera and sure he 'd win . Nixon , however , began to sweat during the televised debate , and the American people began to doubt him . No one realized just how much TV mattered until after those 1960 debates . Later that election season , Kennedy appeared as a guest on NBC 's "  The Jack Parr Tonight Show " ; and when Nixon ran for president again in 1968 , he made a brief appearance on the sketch comedy show "  Rowan & Martin 's Laugh-In " and uttered the show 's famous catchphrase , "  Sock it to me . " It was the first time a presidential candidate had appeared on a comedy show . For the rest of his life , Nixon maintained that his appearance on "  Laugh-In " won him the 1968 election . So while TV arguably cost Nixon the election once , it may very well have snagged him the election the second time around . If you enjoyed President Barack Obama 's appearances on "  The Tonight Show " and Letterman , you can thank Richard Nixon . From "  The Sixties : Television Comes of Age " episode : Watch infamous "  Tonight Show " tomahawk demo 2 . The rise of TV journalism Before the Kennedy presidency , television was far behind print journalism in terms of sources audiences relied upon for news . But soon , people relied on TV news for the day 's headlines as well as information on American troops in Vietnam , particularly the numbers of those killed or wounded . When something major happened on TV , it affected the whole country at the same exact time . TV news was the polar opposite of entertainment TV . The civil rights era , the JFK assassination and the space race all unfolded on TV . As David Brinkley stated , "  Television showed the American people TO the American people . " During the 1968 Democratic National Convention , 83 million Americans were glued to their television sets as 10,000 antiwar protesters outside the Chicago Hilton chanted , "  The whole world is watching ! The whole world is watching ! " over and over as police pushed the crowd off Chicago 's Balbo Drive . 3 . TV reaches a broader audience "  The TV was the center of the house , " recalled Tom Hanks , one of the executive producers of CNN 's "  The Sixties " series . "  I do n't remember a time without TV . " Remember , there were only three channels  CBS , NBC and ABC  during the decade , and usually only one TV set per household . There were no "  for mature audiences only " warnings . The syrupy sitcoms of the 1950s made way for shows such as "  The Dick van Dyke Show " and "  The Andy Griffith Show . " These showcased more realistic situations , although there were still the same idealized versions of humanity as the previous decade . Griffith has stated that he put the best parts of himself and the people in his life into the inhabitants of the fictional town of Mayberry to achieve a blend of emotional honesty and laughs . That blueprint served as the benchmark for sitcoms for decades to come . "  Leave It to Beaver , " which aired from 1957 to 1963 , was the first show shot from the perspective of a child , bringing to life those universal embarrassing moments from childhood that kids were certain they 'd never overcome , such as bringing home a bad grade or approaching the object of one 's affection . Related : Archive of CNN 's May 29th Facebook Q&A with Jerry Mathers That kid-centric model was later replicated in TV shows such as "  The Wonder Years " and , more recently , "  The Goldbergs . " Eventually , shows began blending that "  reality " with fantasy , which led to copycats : "  The Addams Family " and "  The Munsters , " "  Bewitched " and "  I Dream of Jeannie , " and "  The Beverly Hillbillies " and "  Green Acres . " 4 . The advent of the variety show During the '60s , there were 18 variety shows going on three networks ! It 's safe to say that television went "  variety show crazy " for a while . Sunday night at 8 meant Ed Sullivan ; but Dean Martin , Danny Kaye , Danny Thomas and Carol Burnett , to name a few , had eponymous variety-hour programs , too . Beatles + Sullivan = Revolution : Why Beatlemania could never happen today Variety was considered a man 's game at the time , but Burnett broke down a lot of walls with her three-wall sketch show . She and her cast mates sang , danced and did pratfalls -- often breaking character and cracking one another up in the process . Kind of a precursor to SNL 's Debbie Downer sketch or most of Jimmy Fallon 's SNL sketches . Burnett felt that if she was having fun , her audience would , too . From "  The Sixties : Television Comes of Age " episode : Carol Burnett 's pratfalls 5 . Television begins to tackle serious issues Through a fantasy/sci-fi lens , "  The Twilight Zone " creator Rod Serling often told stories of racism and fascism . Similarly , "  Star Trek " addressed the notion of a time where social evolution has eradicated prejudice and mankind possesses no bias whatsoever . The space age series even featured TV 's first interracial kiss , in which Capt. James Kirk tells Lt. Uhura , a black woman , "  Where I come from , size , shape , or color makes no difference . " What you might not know about the 1964 Civil Rights Act When Bill Cosby won the Emmy Award for male lead in "  I Spy " in 1968 , he stated in his acceptance speech , "  We need more people in this industry to ... let it be known to the bigots and the racists that they do n't count . " Incidentally , race was a nonissue in "  I Spy . " Cosby and actor Robert Culp , who was white , were equals in the series in which they played intelligence officers . BONUS : There actually IS a legit reason why The Flying Nun can "  fly " The explanation : She weighs 90 pounds and the combination of her cornet and the wind lifts her . Totally makes sense . Now if only someone could explain how The Professor made all those nifty contraptions -- usually out of coconuts -- but could n't cobble together a  coconut  raft to get the gang off "  Gilligan 's Island . " Related : How Sally Field 's ` Gidget ' broke the rules Related : Television today is much better , right ? Related : 20 groundbreaking moments from '60s TV	In the '60s , Americans came to rely on TV for information and entertainment With the Kennedy-Nixon debate , TV changed political campaigns Shows , like "  The Twilight Zone , " tackled hot-button issues like racism
CNN  -- Thierry Henry could face FIFA disciplinary action over his handball which helped France to qualify for the finals of the 2010 World Cup at the expense of Ireland . FIFA president Sepp Blatter told reporters in Cape Town that the Barcelona striker 's "  blatant unfair play " could land him in hot water . "  The FIFA disciplinary committee will open an investigation ... concerning the behavior of the player Thierry Henry , " he said . "  It was blatant unfair play and was seen all around the world . I do n't know the outcome of the disciplinary committee , let them make the decision . "  Fair play must be maintained in our game . " Blatter was speaking after an extraordinary meeting of the FIFA executive committee , which was convened to consider the refereeing controversy in the France - Ireland match , incidents surrounding the Algeria - Egypt playoff tie and matchfixing in Europe . It had been widely trailed that the FIFA executive would sanction the use of two extra officials behind both goal lines in World Cup . But Blatter said that the finals in South Africa was too soon to introduce the system which has been used in the second-tier European club tournament this year . "  The experiments with the Europa League shall go on into the knockout stages next year but it has been decided , for the World Cup 2010 , there is no change in the refereeing : one referee , two assistants and a fourth official . " He went on to say that there would be further investigation into both video technology and additional referees . "  We shall have a look at technology or additional persons and this shall be done by a committee but not the referees committee alone , it will be done by the football , technical and medical committees , too , " he added . Ireland were denied a place in the finals by a goal that should have been disallowed because Henry used his hand to control the ball before setting up William Gallas to score the aggregate decider in the second leg in the Stade de France . Ireland subsequently launched two appeals , the first for the match to be replayed , the second for them to be added to the line-up for the finals as the 33rd team . Both have been rejected , but Blatter was forced to apologize to the Irish for making public their supposedly private bid to be included as an extra team . Blatter put their request into the public domain in light-hearted comments made in Johannesburg , which left Irish football officials infuriated and insulted . "  I would like to express my regrets for the wrong interpretation of what I said . I regret what I have created and I 'm sorry to the Ireland football confederation for these headlines going around the world , " he said . "  It 's a pity I communicated in this way . Sorry again . "	Thierry Henry face disciplinary action over his handball in World Cup playoff match FIFA president Sepp Blatter says their disciplinary committee will investigate FIFA rules out use of extra officials or video technology at the finals Blatter apologizes to Irish officials for comments made over their request to be 33rd team
Tokyo  CNN  -- One year after a devastating earthquake and tsunami struck northeast Japan , killing nearly 16,000 people and sparking the world 's worst nuclear crisis in 25 years , the country will pause Sunday to remember the exact moment the earth shook . At exactly 2:46 p.m. local time  12:46 a.m. ET  , a moment of silence will be held to commemorate the one-year anniversary of the 9.0-magnitude quake -- a tremor so great , it literally shifted the earth 's axis . Observances will be held across the country , with a main ceremony at the New National Theatre in Tokyo . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda is expected to attend that event and offer remarks . He spoke to CNN recently about the country 's rebuilding efforts , which represent Japan 's greatest challenge since the end of World War II . Total damage has been estimated at about 25 million yen , or roughly $ 300 billion so far . "  The Japanese people are united in working with the government to put all our might towards working on the reconstruction , " Noda said this month . Read iReporters ' reflections on the anniversary "  The debris cleanup , the building of temporary houses and daily support for the disaster victims -- we have been making steady progress on all those issues , " he said . Besides wrecking havoc itself , the earthquake triggered one of the worst tsunamis in recent years , unleashing a wall of water that swept away lives , homes and sent millions of people fleeing for higher ground . Read Banana Yoshimoto 's piece on living after the disaster Japan also found itself dealing with the worst nuclear crisis since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in the quake 's wake . The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility was knocked offline , resulting in a meltdown of three reactors , with radiation leaking into the air and contaminated water spilling into the sea . While no deaths were attributed to the nuclear disaster , more than 100,000 people remain displaced from the towns where its long-lived fallout settled . Read what the Fukushima accident did to the ocean One year on , Japan is far from dug out of the destruction wrought by the triple disaster , which killed nearly 16,000 people . More than 3,000 others are still missing . But the country , the prime minister said , is committed to rebuilding and emerging as a strengthened nation . Read about the ` low-tech ' disaster cleanup "  I would like to accelerate the reconstruction and by doing so energize Japan as well , " Noda said . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	A powerful 9.0-magnitude earthquake struck northeast Japan on March 11 , 2011 It unleashed a massive tsunami and triggered the world 's worst nuclear crisis in 25 years A moment of silence will be held at the exact moment the quake hit Prime minister says "  steady progress " is being made on cleanup and reconstruction efforts
CNN  -- When Spc.Ty Carter first arrived in Afghanistan , he took one look at his surroundings and thought , "  This is a death trap . " He would soon learn just how right he was . Combat Outpost Keating was a sitting target for nearby Taliban insurgents : It sat deep within a valley , surrounded by mountains . The American soldiers stationed there knew it was only a matter of time before something bad happened . "  We just did n't know when , " Carter said . When it did , the assault would set in motion a chaotic chain of events that had every soldier certain he would not make it out alive . Eight American soldiers died on October 3 , 2009 . Many of the 45 others who survived , including Carter , struggle with the guilt that they could n't save more lives . Yet Carter 's daring efforts to rescue his fellow soldiers in the face of imminent death earned him the nation 's highest military decoration , the Medal of Honor , which he will receive on Monday at a White House ceremony . Now Staff Sgt. Ty Carter , 33 , will join another survivor of that battle , former Army Staff Sgt. Clint Romesha , who received the award earlier this year . It marks the first time in nearly half a century that two living soldiers from the same battle received the Medal of Honor . To Carter , it 's a bittersweet award . "  It just brings back all those memories of what he had to go through , " explained his wife , Shannon Derby . Discharged from the Marines Carter was a loner as a teenager . He did n't have a lot of friends . His older brother Seth had a knack for getting into trouble , and Ty followed in his footsteps for awhile before his mother kicked Seth out of the house . Not exactly hero material , he says . Carter joined the Marines in 1998 , spending five years in the service until a fight with a roommate led to his demotion . Two months later , he was honorably discharged . So , it was back to civilian life , something that left Carter restless and bored . He bounced across the country from job to job : more than a dozen stints in five years , everything from a yacht repairman to a tow-truck operator . He was supporting his daughter after his first marriage ended . But in every job , something was always missing . "  There was no motivation , there was no purpose , " Carter said . "  It felt like I was a drone . " He hated the punch-in-punch-out lifestyle of making ends meet , and fondly recalled military life . "  I was thinking ` Well man , back in the service ... I was doing what I enjoyed and I was actually happy to wake up in the morning , happy to go to work , ' " he said . So he enlisted in the Army in 2008 . But military life was n't the idyllic place he remembered . "  We had a platoon full of guys that were on a lighter side of life  who  liked to joke around , " retired Sgt. 1st Class Jonathan Hill recalled . "  And Carter never really got involved ... he thought it was immature . "  Carter really did n't make friends with a lot of guys , and he struggled with it . " A little over a year after he enlisted , Carter and his platoon were deployed to eastern Afghanistan in May 2009 . Despite his aloofness toward his fellow soldiers , Carter would find himself in a situation where he did n't think twice to risk his life for those men whose jokes he once found childish . Defining moment Combat Outpost Keating had been built in Nuristan province in 2006 as part of the effort by NATO-led forces to build partnerships with local Afghans , and try to stop insurgents from trickling over in nearby Pakistan . The camp had experienced ups and downs since that time and by 2008 , the cavalry commanders in charge of the outpost thought it made sense to shut it down . Yet there were other factors at play . Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai was in the middle of his re-election campaign in fall 2009 , and abandoning Combat Outpost Keating might have been seen as a lack of American support . So , despite numerous warnings , Gen. Stanley McChrystal -- then commander of all U.S. troops in Afghanistan -- kept the outpost open . After Karzai 's victory and the end of a military operation that freed some key assets , the military leadership approved a plan to abandon the outpost and the troops stationed there were to start packing up on October 4 , 2009 . That never happened . Instead , a day before their planned departure , an assault was unleashed on the outpost that culminated in what has now been described as one of the most intense battles of the entire war in Afghanistan . The first shots rang out just a few minutes before 6 a.m. . The rumors that the soldiers had heard for months were coming true . Carter said he had often imagined that day . "  I was like , ` Well , if it 's my time to go , how am I going out ? ' " he said . The Taliban had studied how the Americans responded to previous attacks , and they knew the outpost relied heavily on its mortars . So they made the big guns their first target . "  When the enemy were n't shooting at us , they were shooting at the weapons , " Carter said . "  So they were disabling the weapons . " The insurgent fire killed Pfc. Kevin Thomson as he raced to his post . Sgt. Josh Kirk was killed while returning fire . "  You could hear the rounds coming in from every direction , " said platoon Sgt. Jon Hill . Troops begin running much-needed ammunition to the men on guard duty . Sgt. Michael Scusa was gunned down 10 feet outside one of the outpost 's doors . In the midst of the gunfire , Sgt. Christopher Griffin "  immediately ran out the door without hesitation , " Hill said . "  He did n't make it back " Ammunition was starting to run out , so Ty Carter and other members of his Black Knight troop volunteered to deliver more -- a hundred yards away across the heaviest of gunfire . Carter did n't think twice about the danger . All he knew was there were three fellow soldiers -- Sgt. Bradley Larson , Spc. Stephan Mace and Sgt. Justin Gallegos -- trapped in a Humvee and they needed more supplies to return fire . "  Carter 's kinda like . . for lack of a better word , a robot , " Hill said . "  You tell him to do something , he 's gon na do it and he 's gon na do it to the best of his ability . " He would return through that deadly gauntlet three times to get supplies to the men . When the firefight was over , the death toll would include Mace , Gallegos , Sgt. Josh Hardt , and Staff Sgt. Vernon Martin . The names of all eight men who died on that day are engraved on a steel band that Carter wears on his wrist , not that he needs the reminder . Read more about the battle from Jake Tapper 's "  The Outpost " Farm life Today , Carter still struggles with the memories of the battle , seeking solace with his wife and three children on their farm in Washington state near Joint Base Lewis-McChord , where he is now stationed . In the dark , quiet moments , the constant ringing in his head brings back difficult thoughts . "  That 's when the memories start kicking in and you ca n't sleep because , you know , the whole , ' I shoulda done this , I coulda done that , ' " he said . "  And then you see the faces of the soldiers that died . " Carter said he believes that one more name should be added to the death toll of the battle of Kamesh : Ed Faulkner Jr. , who struggled with drug abuse and mental problems after surviving the battle . He left the army with severe PTSD and died in September 2010 after a fatal overdose of methadone and Xanax . While there was no evidence of a suicide , Faulkner 's friends -- including Carter -- believe his death was linked to the battle . "  I honestly believe that , yes , he was the ninth victim of Combat Outpost Keating , " Carter said . "  And I also believe that he wo n't be the last . " Carter also struggles with PTSD , and now has regular therapy . "  I did n't believe it was real until I experienced it , " he said of PTSD . "  I thought it was just an excuse to get out of duty ... but once it hit me , and I realized it , I was blown away . How could I be so ignorant ? " Carter wants to be a voice to destigmatize these invisible wounds of war , and he hopes that the attention he receives with the Medal of Honor will show that there is nothing weak in seeking help . "  What we need to do is take the first few steps , " Carter said . "  We need to realize that yes , this is affecting me , and I need to fix this . " CNN 's Eric Marrapodi , Jennifer Rizzo and Andy Segal contributed to this report .	Staff Sgt. Ty Carter survived the 2009 battle at Combat Outpost Keating His heroic efforts to save his fellow soldiers earned him the Medal of Honor He will receive the award Monday at the White House For more on Ty Carter , watch "  An Unlikely Hero " on CNN Wednesday at 10 p.m.
CNN  It did n't seem like a fair fight . On one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers , competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could , combined , in one hour . On another was a lone 124-pound mother of four . And sure enough , in the end , Sunday 's contest at Big Texan Steak Ranch in Amarillo , Texas , was n't even close . Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three side salads , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals . That 's more than 13 pounds of steak , not counting the sides . And she did it all in 20 minutes , setting a record in the process . "  We 've been doing this contest since 1960 , and in all that time we 've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time , " Bobby Lee , who co-owns the Big Texan , told CNN affiliate KVII . "  So this is a first for us , and after 55 years of it , it 's a big deal . " In fairness , Schuyler is n't your typical 124-pound person . The Nebraska native , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit and once gobbled 363 chicken wings in 30 minutes . Wearing shades and a black hoodie , Schuyler beat four other teams on Sunday , including pairs of football players and pro wrestlers and two married competitive eaters . She also broke her own Big Texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides , set last year , when she bested previous record-holder Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut . The landmark Big Texan restaurant offers its "  72-ounce Challenge " daily to anyone who can eat the massive steak , plus fixings , in under an hour . Those who ca n't do so must pay $ 72 for the meal . Schuyler , who now lives in Sacramento , California , won $ 5,000 for her efforts . Her feat will be submitted to Guinness World Records . But mostly , she just seemed pleased to enjoy a hearty meal on the house . "  It 's free , so I 'm pretty happy about that , " she told KVII . "  Otherwise it would have cost me about 300 bucks . "	Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks Sunday in Amarillo , Texas The Sacramento woman , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit
CNN  -- Irish singer Sinead O'Connor 's open letter to Miley Cyrus in which she urged the 20-year-old not to allow herself "  to be pimped " by the music industry certainly got our attention . It seems to have gotten Cyrus ' attention , as well , because the former Disney star , who has dominated the headlines recently following her controversial awards show twerking and nude performance in a music video , took to Twitter to respond . In a tweet , she compared O'Connor to troubled star Amanda Bynes , and she included a Twitter feed of O'Connor 's from the past when she wrote about struggling with and seeking help for mental health issues . The Sinead O'Connor and Miley feud is n't over O'Connor fired back , threatening Cyrus with legal action if the Twitter feed was not removed , accusing her of mocking people with mental health issues and questioning where she 's getting her direction . "  Who the  expletive  is advising you ? " O'Connor wrote on her Facebook page . "  Because taking me on is even more  expletive  stupid than behaving like a prostitute and calling it feminism . " Outraged parents : Why Miley Cyrus ' performance sets girls , women back Moving beyond the O'Connor-Cyrus public feud , we wanted to know what women across the country thought about O'Connor 's direct message to Cyrus , and whether it might have any impact on the larger conversation about how our girls are sexualized at younger and younger ages . In conversations and in exchanges on Twitter and Facebook , we mainly heard from women who applauded O'Connor , although there were some who thought she missed the mark . We also found widespread agreement that much more needs to be done to battle the early sexualization that has become one of the top concerns for parents today . Gloria Feldt , a bestselling author and feminist leader , said her first reaction was to be non-plussed by O'Connor taking the time to reach out and give advice . "  She certainly has not been a perfect role model , but sometimes that 's how you learn , and so when I thought about it again , I thought well , in some respects , who better to give a little voice of experience than someone who has been through that mill , " said Feldt , who is now co-founder and president of an organization devoted to developing and encouraging women leaders called Take the Lead . "  I think ` Good for Sinead , ' really in the end , " she said . Billy Ray Cyrus on his daughter : ` That 's still my Miley ' Melissa Atkins Wardy , co-founder of a new advocacy group focusing on the portrayal of girls in media called Brave Girls Alliance , believes O'Connor 's letter "  was really needed . " "  I do n't think that Miley has people on her team that are guiding her in a way that is in her best interest , " said Atkins Wardy , whose book , "  Redefining Girly : How Parents Can Fight the Stereotyping and Sexualizing of Girlhood , Birth to Tween , " will be released in January . "  She ca n't be Hannah Montana forever , but at the same time ... does an artist bear a responsibility to her fans ? I think that 's kind of what Sinead was saying , in that , if you prostitute yourself to the music industry , they 're just going to eat you up and spit you up and get the next new girl off the train who is five years younger than you and willing to go farther than you , " she said . Nicole , a single woman who works in advertising and who only wanted to use her first name , said she hopes Cyrus takes O'Connor 's advice seriously . Too hot for tweens : Why some parents dread back-to-school shopping In response to a request for comment on CNN 's Facebook page , she said , "  Young women need to know that talent , not our bodies , should carry us through our lives and be the root of our successes and in some cases , our failures ... Women need to be empowered not devalued . " Dannie Cade , also in response to a request for comment on CNN 's Facebook page , said , "  I think every woman , and I mean EVERY woman , should read this letter regardless of the strong language that was used ... No matter what industry , career or talents a woman chooses in her life , Sinead 's letter applies . " On the other hand , some thought O'Connor was out of line . "  I hate it when women tell other women what to do under the guise of ` Do n't let anyone tell you what to do , ' " one tweet said . "  Sinead 's of course entitled to her opinion but , from what I 've read of Miley 's thinking on things , I believe she 's quite in control of what she will and will not do and why , " another reader said on CNN 's Facebook page . "  She 's in the entertainment business . Business as usual wo n't get you noticed and will kill a career more certainly than pissing people off . " Feminists like Erin Matson , editor at large for RH Reality Check , a daily publication focusing on sexual and reproductive health and justice issues , believe O'Connor "  missed the point . " "  There was a very good reason for her to write an open letter to Miley Cyrus about what she 's doing , but the problem is not that Miley needs to put some clothes on . The problem is she 's engaging in this racial power play , " Matson said . Matson said Cyrus is relying on racial stereotypes and racial appropriation , citing her dancing with brown teddy bears , twerking and saying she wants to make music that "  sounds black . " "  What I object to is the practice of a young white woman taking sexual power by relying on racial stereotypes and racial appropriation , " Matson said . Countdown for Kendall Jenner turning 18 : Gross or fair game ? As for the issue of hyper-sexualization of women in the music industry and in entertainment in general , Matson said it 's the people behind the scenes who are responsible for it , not entertainers like Cyrus . "  Let 's look at the producers , let 's look at the advertisers , let 's look at music television , let 's look at all those people in charge who are by and large men , " Matson said . "  It seems awfully curious to point our finger at a small number of women in power in the entertainment industry and say they 're the problem when it 's the people who are controlling the purse strings who are the problem . " Feldt says she has heard the it 's - the-media-not-Miley debate , but she disagrees somewhat . She believes there is a role for Cyrus to play . "  How do you change the media if you do n't start setting your own boundaries ? And , no , you ca n't expect any one person to change an entire institution , but if each one of us does n't use our best judgment , we 'll never change , " Feldt said . "  It 's not just the responsibility of the individual , but if an individual has an opportunity to make an impact as a Miley Cyrus or a Sinead O'Connor does , she should take it , " she added . Atkins Wardy 's group is launching a campaign next week , renting a billboard in Times Square to showcase tweets on what changes in the media young girls and those who care about them want to see . She says it helps when celebrities like O'Connor lend their voices to the discussion about how girls and women are portrayed . "  So when we have celebrities and media members ... speaking out against this , it helps a little bit to give credibility because sometimes you are labeled as , ` Oh , you are a prude ' or ` Oh , you are just a feminist that lacks a sense of humor or something , ' " Wardy said . "  But here are women who are part of the game and are actually saying the game 's pretty sick . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Women had strong reactions to Sinead O'Connor 's open letter to Miley Cyrus Many women applaud O'Connor and hope Cyrus follows her advice Some women think O'Connor missed the mark More needs to be done to stop sexualization of young girls , women say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel harvested organs from bodies in the 1990s without permission of family members , the former head of a state-run forensic laboratory said in a newly released interview . Government officials acknowledge that the practice happened , but emphasize that it ended years ago . In an interview in 2000 , which was released to an Israeli TV channel and broadcast over the weekend , Dr. Yehuda Hiss -- who was once head of the Abu Kabir forensic institute -- discussed the practice . "  We started to harvest corneas for various hospitals in Israel , " Hiss said in the interview on Israel 's Channel 2 network . "  Whatever was done was highly informal . No permission was asked from the families , " he said . Hiss said the harvesting also included heart valves , skin and bones . He was speaking to an American researcher , who recently gave the tape to the Israeli network . An Israeli Ministry of Health spokeswoman , Einav Shimron-Grinboim , issued a statement saying the practice discussed in the report was "  an old story that ended years ago " and that in the vast majority of cases , the actions were done to Israelis , including soldiers . Procedures were not clear at the time and have since been clarified , she said . None of the practices led to charges , she said . The report said organs were at times also harvested from Palestinians and foreign workers . In the interview , Hiss was asked about the legality of such practices . "  It was n't clear , " he said , adding that he thought families were supposed to be asked for permission . After getting permission from family members to perform an autopsy , "  we felt free " to harvest organs , he said . Organs were not harvested if it was believed relatives might discover it , he said , adding that in some cases glue was used to close eyelids to hide missing corneas . The report included a statement from the military , the Israel Defense Forces , saying the activity ceased a decade ago . The report also described how for years the Abu Kabir institute , "  supplied not just tragic passing announcements but also news about organs donated for transplants which saved the lives of hundreds of patients . " The report comes four months after a different allegation about organ harvesting in Israel . An opinion piece published in a Swedish newspaper in August suggested the Israeli army kidnapped and killed young Palestinians to harvest their organs in the 1990s . The writer , Donald Bostrom , told CNN he had no proof that Israeli soldiers were stealing organs , and that the purpose of his piece was to call for an investigation . The article triggered a dispute between Sweden and Israel . While the Swedish Embassy distanced itself from the report , the country 's foreign ministry refused to condemn it , saying Sweden has a free press . Israeli Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz called it "  an anti-Semitic blood libel against the Jewish people and the Jewish state . " It was after hearing about that uproar that American anthropologist Nancy Scheper-Hughes , a professor at the University of California at Berkeley , decided to release the tape of the interview she conducted with Hiss in 2000 , Israel 's Channel 2 reported . Scheper-Hughes told the network that she does not believe Israel murdered Palestinians for organs . But the admission of harvesting organs , including skin , at times from Palestinians , struck her , she said . "  The symbolism of taking skin out of a population that is considered to be the enemy and using it for skin for the military , that 's something that -- just in terms of symbolic weight -- has to be reconsidered , " she told Channel 2 . The forensic institute at Abu Kabir , where Hiss still works , received complaints about improper practices regarding organ harvesting that culminated in an investigation and a change of management . The current manager , Assaf Harofe Hospital , issued a statement saying , "  The committee which examined the said matters have determined that there were purely managerial malfunctions , but as a result of their findings Professor Hiss lost his position as the manager of the institute . " Managerial responsibility was changed and new procedures were put in place , the statement said . Hiss could not be reached for comment . Earlier this year , there was another unrelated controversy involving Israel and organs . In July , U.S. authorities charged a New York man with trying to arrange the private sale of a kidney from a donor in Israel . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Guy Azriel contributed to this report	Israeli Ministry of Health : Practice is "  an old story that ended years ago " Glue was used to close eyelids to hide missing corneas , doctor says Corneas , heart valves , skin , bones were taken from bodies Swedish journalist accuses Israel of harvesting organs from Palestinians
CNN  -- Thomas Eric Duncan traveled from Liberia to Texas before testing positive for Ebola . The first Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S. has raised many questions and concerns , which CNN has been responding to on social media using the hashtag #EbolaQandA . You can check out the latest updates on the story at CNN.com / Health . We 'll continue to answer them online and on TV , but here are some of your most frequently asked questions : How long can Ebola live on a surface ? In one study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the Ebola virus lived on a surface in a perfectly controlled environment for up to six days . But the environment at an airport , for example , or a school is not perfectly suited to support viruses . Studies done in Ebola Treatment Units in Africa , CDC spokeswoman Abbigail Tumpey says , show the virus can live on surfaces for a few hours at most . "  Ebola is a vicious virus inside the body , but it dies very quickly on surfaces , " she said . "  It ' s not a hardy virus . It 's a very wimpy virus . " Ebola is easily destroyed outside of the body , experts say . UV light , heat and exposure to oxygen all deactivate the virus over time . CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said that while it 's theoretically possible for someone to catch Ebola by touching a surface that an infected patient sneezed on , for example , past outbreaks have shown that direct contact with a patient 's bodily fluids is the way the virus is spread . What kills the virus ? Health care workers -- and CNN 's reporters -- in West Africa rely on bleach . But the CDC says any EPA-approved disinfectant -- Chlorox , Lysol , etc. -- will work on a nonporous surface . A dishwasher or washing machine will also kill it , Tumpey says . Would any bodily fluids this patient flushed contaminate the water system ? The virus would n't survive long in water , Jean-Paul Gonzalez at Metabiota , a company that tracks global infectious diseases , told NPR . The virus depends heavily , he said , on its host -- either a human or animal -- to stay active . U.S. sanitary sewers and our waste water treatment system will kill the virus , Tumpey agrees . "  There 's no concern there . " Could the virus become airborne ? Right now , "  common sense and observation tell us that spread of the virus via coughing or sneezing is rare , if it happens at all , " the World Health Organization says . It 's possible Ebola could eventually be transmitted through the air . Experts say the chances are relatively small that Ebola will make that jump . But every time a new person gets Ebola , the virus gets another chance to develop new capabilities . Ebola is an RNA virus , which means every time it copies itself , it makes one or two mutations . Yet WHO says , "  Speculation that Ebola virus disease might mutate into a form that could easily spread among humans through the air is just that : speculation , unsubstantiated by any evidence . " Will Duncan receive an experimental drug ? Maybe . Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Tuesday the Dallas hospital was discussing all treatment options with the patient and his family . There is no approved drug or vaccine for Ebola . The experimental drug given to Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol , the first Ebola patients flown to the United States , is called ZMapp . The company that produces ZMapp has said it is out of doses , though it is working to create more . Dr. Rick Sacra , the American doctor treated for Ebola in Nebraska , was given another experimental drug called TKM-Ebola . There are reportedly still doses of this drug available . Only the facts : Ebola experimental drugs Are the people who were on his flights at risk ? No . The Ebola virus spreads only when someone is exhibiting symptoms . This patient arrived in the United States on September 20 , according to the CDC , and did n't get sick until several days later . So he was n't contagious on the flight . He was put in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on September 28 and will not be released until he is free of the virus . But how can they be sure he was n't sick earlier ? That 's a fair question . They ca n't be 100 % sure . But the first sign of Ebola is generally a high fever . And everyone leaving Liberia has their temperature checked before they 're allowed to board a plane . Plus , health experts have said that anyone who is sick enough to be contagious probably does n't feel well enough to travel in the first place . Why did n't the hospital release Duncan 's name and photo earlier ? The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 's Privacy Rule prevents hospitals or medical providers from releasing identifiable patient information without the patient 's permission . When do Ebola symptoms start , and what are they ? Ebola symptoms typically appear eight to 10 days after infection . But they can start anywhere from two to 21 days after infection . Early symptoms include a high fever , muscle aches and chills -- similar to early symptoms of the flu . The virus then progresses to severe vomiting and diarrhea , with a possible rash and painful cough . Patients near death sometimes bleed from their eyes , mouth or other orifices as they begin to bleed internally . Why are n't U.S. borders being closed to travelers from this region ? The easiest way to prevent an Ebola outbreak in the United States is to prevent travelers from the region from flying here in the first place , right ? "  We can not make the -LSB- Ebola -RSB- risk zero until the outbreak is controlled in west Africa , " Frieden said Thursday . He says isolating those countries completely through travel restrictions would make it more difficult to assist in controlling the outbreak and would eventually put the United States at greater risk . Think about all the health care workers , volunteers and military personnel who are selflessly going to West Africa to offer assistance . Should they be forced to stay overseas until the outbreak is over ? Would as many go if they knew they would n't be allowed back ? "  The international community is really asking us to continue operations , " said Gert Sciot , a spokesman for Brussels Airlines . "  We are a vital link for logistics and all kinds of material that need to go into  Liberia  . " The CDC has warned against any nonessential travel to the region . U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents have been trained to spot common Ebola symptoms . Temperatures are not checked on arrival , but if a passenger arrives who is exhibiting symptoms , major international airports have the ability to quarantine him or her immediately . Customs agents have also begun distributing a CDC fact sheet on Ebola to travelers at major international airports . How the Ebola virus spreads I 'm traveling to Dallas soon . Should I be worried ? Not really . The CDC and local health departments are working to find anyone Duncan came in contact with while he was contagious , and monitor them for symptoms . If any of them become contagious , they will be placed in isolation as well . But just to be safe , follow the basic rules of infection prevention : Avoid people who are sick and wash your hands frequently . Complete coverage on Ebola	People on the same flights with Ebola patient are not at risk , CDC says Ebola symptoms typically appear eight to 10 days after infection The Ebola virus can live for up to six days on a surface in a perfect environment Bleach is the method used in West Africa to kill it
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Responding angrily to a campaign ad from Newt Gingrich accusing him of being anti-immigrant , Mitt Romney insisted during last week 's Republican debate at the University of North Florida in Jacksonville that he has no problem with immigrants . Perhaps not . But the dishonest and cynical way in which the former governor of Massachusetts has dealt with the immigration issue on the campaign trail shows that he has a problem being consistent . In Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , Romney attacked Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich for immigration proposals that Romney said amounted to "  amnesty " for illegal immigrants . But last week , in Florida , where Hispanics account for 22.5 percent of the population , we caught a glimpse of a kinder and gentler Romney . He told the Hispanic Leadership Network , a center-right group , that he would create a "  temporary worker permit " for the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States . However , Romney said , when the permit expires , workers would n't be forced to leave the United States . Instead , they would decide their next move themselves depending on their job prospects . His hope is that , at this point , many illegal immigrants would simply "  self-deport . " Good luck with that . Like former Wyoming Sen. Al Simpson used to say : "  There is nothing more permanent than a temporary worker . " People fall in love . They get married . They have children . And it becomes harder to remove them , even if we wanted to . Besides , it 's not clear that Romney wants to remove anyone . The idea of voluntary deportation is absurd . I bet none of this is going over very well with the voters in the first three primary states who cast their lots for Romney , thinking he was going to be tough on illegal immigration only to find out that he does n't even have the stomach to forcibly deport undocumented immigrants . Maybe Romney should ask President Barack Obama for pointers . The Obama administration has deported more than 1.2 million illegal immigrants and offers no apologies . Meanwhile , in a telenovela unique to the Florida primary , a group of Latinos who supports Romney called on Gingrich to yank a commercial labeling the frontrunner "  anti-immigrant . " A similar request came from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who while not endorsing Romney , defended him against the charge that he was anti-immigrant . Who does Rubio think he is ? His own history with the immigration issue is spotty at best . In 2011 , Rubio joined Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas in his efforts to require businesses to participate in a government-run "  e-verify " program which is supposed to tell them if a Social Security number is authentic . Rubio also supports the Arizona immigration law -- and presumably others like it around the country -- which forces local and state law officials to enforce federal immigration statutes . In addition , he opposes the DREAM Act , which would give legal status to illegal immigrants who go to college or serve in the military because he considers it "  part of some broader effort to grant blanket amnesty . " Last week , in a good speech to the Hispanic Leadership Network , Rubio acknowledged that many Republicans -- including himself -- have been slow to condemn anti-immigrant rhetoric from other Republicans . Still , I do n't care what Rubio says . Romney has , in this campaign , advanced a tone that is "  anti-immigrant . " It was Romney who -- bringing back a tactic he used in 2008 against Arizona Sen. John McCain -- painted Rick Perry as soft on illegal immigration . Romney attacked Perry for signing a bill in the Lone Star State that allowed undocumented students to attend state colleges and universities and pay in-state tuition rates . The narrative that Romney pushed was simple : "  Illegal immigrants are takers . They take advantage of in-state tuition rates . They take spots in university campuses that should go to U.S. citizens . They take , take , and take some more . " Never did Romney mention all that illegal immigrants contribute to society -- by paying taxes , increasing productivity , creating competition , and doing jobs that Americans wo n't do . Later , with Perry vanquished into the single digits , Romney used the same line of attack against Gingrich , accusing him of advocating a kind of amnesty for illegal immigrants after Gingrich said that he wanted to provide undocumented workers with a "  red card " that allowed them to work legally in the country . Romney accused Gingrich of letting illegal immigrants take jobs from American workers . Now as he competes this week for Hispanic votes in Florida -- and , on Feb 4 , in Nevada , where Latinos account for 26.5 percent of the population -- Romney must be hoping that Latinos have bad memories . We do n't . We never forget a slight . And , in that respect , Romney has given us plenty to remember . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are soley those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. says Mitt Romney has been inconsistent on the immigration issue He says that on the campaign trail , Romney had advanced a position that is anti-immigrant Navarrette : But in Florida Romney has softened his stance He says that Latinos do n't forget so easily Romney 's previous anti-immigrant rhetoric
CNN  -- Former world number one Ana Ivanovic says she is determined to get back to the top of tennis following her morale-boosting title success in Austria . The 22-year-old ended her two-year trophy drought on Sunday , moving up to 26th in the rankings after beating Patty Schnyder in the final of the event in Linz . "  I think I deserve a position at the top and I think I have the ability to win another grand slam , " the 2008 French Open champion told CNN on Monday . "  I am very keen to get back there , and I am putting everything into it . I really want it to happen soon . " The Serbian had slumped as low as 65th in the WTA standings this year , but said her ninth career title was evidence that she was on the way back up . "  I feel great , " she said . "  It really means a lot for me because I have put a lot of hard work in . I 'm thrilled to have finally won a title again . " After claiming the prestigious number one ranking back in 2008 -- the same year she won her one and only grand slam title to date in Paris -- Ivanovic found herself quickly slipping outside of the world 's top 20 . Critics were quick to blame a lack of focus , claiming she had been distracted by off-court matters as she signed some lucrative endorsement deals and was courted by media enchanted by her good looks . But the Belgrade-born athlete denies any claims that her slump was due to a problem with motivation or a declining interest in the sport she began playing at the age of five . "  Once I became number one I started working even harder . I changed my technique but injuries started creeping in -- it was a big mistake as I was doing something right to get to that spot in the first place , " she said . "  I had a few little injuries and then I lost matches I should have won . It affects your confidence -- it 's like a circle that is hard to break . " Ivanovic 's previous WTA Tour victory had been on the same Austrian hard-courts at her peak in 2008 , and she now hopes Sunday 's breakthrough can be the catalyst to further success in her still-young career . "  I am working very hard . I know it 's going to be a process , but I am ready to give it my all and come back to the top , " said Ivanovic , who is seeded fourth for this week 's Luxembourg Open .	Ana Ivanovic won her first tennis title in two years in Linz , Austria on Sunday Former world number one is now aiming to get back to the top of the game Serbian slipped to a low of 65 in world rankings earlier this year following her peak in 2008 The 22-year-old wants to reclaim her place among the best women 's players
CNN  -- Hall of Fame football linebacker Lawrence Taylor pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges that he raped a 16-year-old girl in Rockland County , New York , a court official told CNN . The former New York Giants star was arraigned Tuesday before Rockland County Judge William K. Nelson . Taylor has been charged with third-degree rape for allegedly engaging in sexual intercourse with someone younger than 17 and third-degree patronization for allegedly paying the underage victim $ 300 to have sex . Taylor is free on $ 75,000 bail . Taylor , 51 , was arrested in a Ramapo , New York , Holiday Inn room on May 6 , a few hours after the alleged rape took place , authorities said at the time . Ramapo is about 30 miles northwest of New York City . Ramapo Town Supervisor Christopher St. Lawrence and Police Chief Peter Brower told reporters after the incident that the alleged victim was a runaway from the Bronx and had been brought to Ramapo by a pimp . The girl texted an uncle after she returned to New York City the next day , and the uncle notified the New York City police , prompting the arrest of Taylor and the alleged pimp , St. Lawrence said . Taylor was cooperative with authorities , he said . Taylor 's attorney , Arthur Aidala , said at an earlier bail hearing : "  My client did not have sex with anybody . Period . Lawrence Taylor did not rape anybody . " Aidala said that "  no violence , no force , no threat , no weapons " were involved in the case . He noted the rape charge against Taylor was for consensual sex with a minor and said Taylor denied it . Taylor was a 10-time all-pro linebacker for the New York Giants from 1981 to 1993 after earning All-American honors at the University of North Carolina . He played on two Super Bowl champion teams and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame , which noted that he "  redefined the way the outside linebacker position was played . " However , Taylor was twice suspended by the National Football League for substance abuse and battled a cocaine addiction long after retirement , resulting in several arrests and a downward spiral that he chronicled in a 2003 autobiography . After kicking drugs , he worked as a sports commentator and appeared as a contestant on ABC 's "  Dancing With the Stars " in 2009 .	NEW : Lawrence Taylor denies charges at arraignment NEW : Court hearing is held in Rockland County , New York NEW : Taylor is on $ 75,000 bail Police investigated accusations involving 16-year-old runaway
Mashable  -- HTC has launched a new flagship Android smartphone , the HTC One X , at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . The majority of mobile giants had their announcements before the actual start of the MWC -- including Samsung , LG and Sony . HTC had the last , and perhaps the most glamorous event of the day , held in a huge rounded dome at the top of the Cpula las Arenas next to Fira de Barcelona , where the main conference is held . The HTC One X  the first in a new line of devices called simply HTC One  , unveiled by the company CEO Peter Chou , is a 4.7-inch , quad core Tegra 3-powered beast in a polycarbonate white shell . The device also brings a vastly improved camera experience , called Image Sense . The camera takes photos quickly -- in 0.7 seconds . It has 8 megapixels and uses an f/2 .0 lens , which captures more light than any other HTC smartphone camera . It also takes great photos in unfavorable light conditions , thanks to the device 's HDR algorithm . An on-screen comparison with the photos taken with an HTC One X and an iPhone 4S portrays HTC 's device as a clear winner , but we 're sure Apple will have a word or two to say about that . HTC is bundling a bunch of extras with the device : 25 GB of free Dropbox-powered storage , Beats Audio sound  HTC acquired Beats Audio in August 2011  and a feature called Media Link , which takes your photos and videos from the smartphone to the TV  through a special gadget that connects to any TV  with a three-finger swipe on the smartphone 's screen . The company also launched two other HTC One devices with slightly lower specs -- the HTC One S and the HTC One V. All three devices should be hitting the market in the next two months , likely in April .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The camera takes photos in 0.7 seconds , has 8 megapixels and uses an f/2 .0 lens The company also launched two other HTC One devices -- the HTC One S and the HTC One V All three devices should be hitting the market in the next two months , likely in April
CNN  -- Are technology companies ailing ? Hewlett-Packard certainly is . The venerable behemoth announced it will implement a restructuring that includes eliminating 27,000 jobs . HP tried to bring itself around by replacing its CEO last year . That did n't quite do the trick , so now it 's resorting to the good old-fashioned mass layoff . One suspects that HP is a little too venerable . It was the first "  Stanford spinoff , " fittingly reflected in the presence of Hewlett Hall and Packard Hall in the engineering corner of the Stanford campus . Yet HP has n't stayed ahead of the innovation curve , failing for instance to adapt well to the tablet craze . This could be the end of an era . Consider two Stanford neighbors of Hewlett and Packard Halls -- Gates Hall and the Huang Center . Bill Gates ' company may be losing the innovation war , too . It 's getting pummeled by the tablets as well , and just this week Google 's Chrome Web browser overtook Microsoft 's Internet Explorer in popularity . By contrast , the Huang Center was funded by Jen-Hsun Huang , whose firm NVIDIA has been revolutionizing the supercomputer field . But wo n't those laid-off HP engineers be snapped up by the booming tech sector ? Many will not . The tech job market is excellent for younger workers , but many of those who are laid off and over 35 will find the market less welcoming . They 're perceived as too expensive . The HP layoff will consist disproportionately of older workers . Indeed , jettisoning the veterans is often the hidden agenda in mass layoffs . It 's no coincidence that many of the U.S. core engineering openings at HP have titles like Recent Graduate , Intern and Post Doc , all aimed at the younger crowd . The difficulties of older techies have been investigated statistically in studies at American University and the National Research Council , but a very public human face was placed on this recently in an online town hall meeting with President Obama . The wife of electrical engineer Darin Wedel explained to the president that her husband has never found a permanent job after being laid off by the electronics giant Texas Instruments . Granted , family issues restricted him to the Dallas area , but if the hype regarding a seller 's market for engineers were true , Wedel should have been able to find something in that region , which sadly has not been the case . A former student of mine was a star at HP for 10 years or so , acquiring patents and promotions . Yet he , too , got caught up in a huge layoff , and could find engineering work only sporadically afterward . Ultimately he left the field . Those who survive this round of HP layoffs will likely find themselves being asked to not only do their own jobs , but also those of the departed . Engineers are exempt employees , hence no overtime pay , and HP will accrue a net reduction in labor costs . Another tried and true fix for a sick firm  and for the well ones  is to ship work abroad . A few years ago , HP executive Ann Livermore made it plain : "  A basic business tenet is that things go to the areas where there is the best cost of production . " HP 's jobs Web page shows that 48 of the 113 open core engineering positions are outside the United States . Unlike Livermore 's explicit position on cheap labor , former HP CEO Carly Fiorina said that HP offshores work because the American educational system does n't develop good math skills in its students . That claim is a red herring . HP workers , including those being discarded , are among the best in the business , and were whizzes in math when they were in school . Many of our technology leaders , from Hewlett to Huang , are products of the American school system . The offshored operations often require U.S.-based workers to make periodic site visits . Survivors of the HP layoffs who always wanted to visit Singapore may now get their chance -- monthly . To her credit , HP 's current CEO , Meg Whitman , conceded that layoffs "  adversely impact people 's lives . " But she insisted that the action is necessary . Probably so , but the message here is that engineers , like many others , will have to get used to a life of layoffs in a globalized economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Norman Matloff .	Hewlett-Packard announced it will eliminate 27,000 jobs Norman Matloff : Many laid-off HP employees will not have an easy time finding jobs He says tech job market is great for young workers , but not for older , experienced workers Matloff : Engineers , like everyone else , need to adjust to the realities of a global economy
CNN  Are you stoned ? That 's the message Pope Francis seemed to be sending lawmakers Friday , saying the growing worldwide trend toward legalizing recreational drugs is a very , very bad idea . "  Drug addiction is an evil , and with evil there can be no yielding or compromise , " he told participants at the International Drug Enforcement Conference in Rome . The Pope 's call is n't shocking . Francis has spoken of the dangers of drug use before . But it lends his voice and the authority of the Catholic Church to the growing worldwide debate over legalizing or at least decriminalizing some recreational drugs , most notably marijuana . Two U.S. states -- Colorado and Washington -- have made marijuana use legal , and several other states , cities and countries have decriminalized its use or have announced plans to do so . Uruguay passed a law in December to create a regulated marijuana marketplace . Jamaican officials said this month that they plan to modify that nation 's laws to decriminalize pot use and possession . And public opinion has rapidly shifted toward softer policies on marijuana use , particularly . In January , a CNN/ORC International survey found that 55 % of respondents wanted to see marijuana made legal . That 's up from 16 % in 1987 , according to the CNN poll and numbers from the General Social Survey . But Francis said such policies are "  not only highly questionable from a legislative standpoint , but they fail to produce the desired effects . " "  To think that harm can be reduced by permitting drug addicts to use narcotics in no way resolves the problem , " he said . Could pot push voters to the polls this fall ? Gupta : ' I am doubling down ' on medical marijuana CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Legalizing drug use is a bad idea , Pope Francis says "  There can be no yielding or compromise " to the evil of drugs , he says Public sentiment is n't with him ; most Americans at least now favor legalization Uruguay recently legalized marijuana , and Jamaica is set to decriminalize it soon
CNN  -- Debbie Rowe has said she does n't want fame . But as Michael Jackson 's ex-wife and the mother of two of his children , she may now be thrust into the center of the latest high-profile trial related to the superstar 's death . Rowe is set to testify this week at the wrongful death trial that Jackson 's family has brought against entertainment giant AEG Live . A lawsuit filed by the Jackson family claims that the concert promoter is liable for the death of Jackson because it hired Dr. Conrad Murray , who treated the superstar with propofol , a surgical anesthetic , to help him sleep . A coroner ruled that the superstar 's death was caused by an overdose of the drug . Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter for Jackson 's death in 2011 . While the trial thus far has largely focused on key players involved in Jackson 's comeback "  This Is It " tour , it now turns to Rowe , who has largely shunned the spotlight since divorcing Michael Jackson in the 1990s . Jackson 's mom : ' I want to know what really happened ' AEG Live will call Rowe to testify , and because of her close relationship with Jackson , she could bring some unique insights on the pop singer 's life . Rowe , 54 , currently lives on a horse farm in Palmdale , California , about an hour north of Los Angeles . She and Jackson met while Rowe was working as a dermatology nurse in Los Angeles for Dr. Arnold Klein . Klein had been the singer 's personal friend and dermatologist for years . After Jackson was diagnosed with vitiligo in the 1980s , he visited the doctor frequently . Rowe has said in interviews that her friendship with Jackson grew over the course of these visits , and that Jackson expressed a deep desire to become a father . Rowe said she desperately wanted to give him that gift , and they struck an agreement that she would bear his children . "  He was upset because he really wanted to be a dad , " Rowe said in a 2003 interview with ABC News . "  I said , ` So , be a dad . ' He looked at me puzzled . That is when I looked at him and said . ` Let me do this . I want to do this . You have been so good to me . You are such a great friend . Please let me do this . You need to be a dad , and I want you to be . ' " Prince , Blanket celebrate dad 's life amid trial It was while she was pregnant with their first child , Prince , that they wed in Australia in 1996 . A year later , Rowe gave birth to their second child , a daughter named Paris . Rowe has said that Jackson was overjoyed by fatherhood and took full responsibility for raising the children . Their marriage , however , did not last . The couple divorced in 1999 , and Rowe went on to relinquish custodial rights over their two children . In 2004 , however , Rowe tried to reverse that decision when the singer faced child abuse charges . Though she did not win custody , Jackson was ordered to pay her $ 60,000 in legal fees . Then in 2005 , during Jackson 's highly publicized molestation trial , Rowe came to her ex-husband 's defense and claimed in court that he was a supportive and loving father , though she admitted she had not seen Jackson or her children for several years . The pop star was eventually acquitted on all counts . Shortly after the trial , Rowe moved to Palmdale and continued to live a life out of the limelight until Jackson 's death in 2009 . Since Jackson 's passing , Rowe has reportedly become a permanent fixture in her children 's lives and has grown close to daughter Paris . After the 15-year-old 's failed suicide attempt June 5 , Rowe tweeted about Paris , "  She is strong like her father . "	Michael Jackson 's ex-wife is set to testify in his wrongful death trial Rowe , mother of two of Jackson 's children , primarily stays out of the spotlight AEG Live will call Rowe to testify in its defense
New York  CNN  -- The woman accusing former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn of sexually assaulting her insisted she was "  telling the truth from my heart , " in an interview broadcast Monday . "  I want justice . I want him to go to jail , " Nafissatou Diallo told ABC . "  I want him to know you can not use your power when you do something like this . " The 32-year-old hotel maid , whose credibility has been called into question by prosecutors and Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers , said she was terrified when she found out how powerful Strauss-Kahn was . When she saw news reports explaining that the man she was accusing was a leading candidate for the French presidency , "  I said , ` Oh , my God . ' I was crying . I said , ` They 're going to kill me , I 'm going to die . ' " That 's because in her native Guinea , West Africa , accusing "  a powerful man like that " would put her life in danger , she said . Diallo 's choice to go public with her accusations in the middle of a pending criminal investigation is extremely unusual . She spoke with both ABC and Newsweek magazine . CNN previously has not identified Diallo , given the network 's policy against naming alleged sexual assault victims . But it is now naming her , in light of her decision to make her case to the media . On May 14 , Diallo accused Strauss-Kahn , 62 , of assaulting and trying to rape her at Manhattan 's Sofitel Hotel , where she was an employee . He was charged in New York with sexual abuse and attempted rape , pleading not guilty on all counts . He insists the encounter with Diallo was consensual . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys William Taylor and Benjamin Brafman issued a revised statement Monday standing by their earlier claim that Diallo is "  the first accuser in history to conduct a media campaign to persuade a prosecutor to pursue charges against an innocent person from whom she wants money . " "  These efforts are a desperate distraction from the key fact that Ms. Diallo has had to admit to misleading these very same prosecutors from the beginning . And , her lawyers know that her claim for money suffers a fatal blow when the criminal charges are dismissed as they must be , " the statement said . Accompanied by her lawyers , Diallo plans to meet on Wednesday with prosecutors in Manhattan , a source close to the investigation tells CNN . This would be the first such meeting in nearly a month . Relations between the two parties have been strained since Diallo 's attorney Kenneth Thompson held a news conference in which he graphically detailed the alleged attack and then accused prosecutors of abandoning his client . In addition to the state case , Thompson said Monday that he plans to file a lawsuit this week against Strauss-Kahn on behalf of Diallo . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers said , referring to Diallo and her attorney 's actions , said , "  The number of rallies , press conferences and media events they have orchestrated is exceeded only by the number of lies and misstatements she has made to law enforcement , friends , medical professionals and reporters ... It is time for this unseemly circus to stop . " Thompson shot back , accusing Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys of conducting "  an unprecedented smear campaign against the victim of a violent sexual attack . " "  Because of those contemptible , baseless and anonymous attacks , Ms. Diallo was forced to come forward in order to put a face to the brutal crime , " Thompson said in a statement . On July 1 , a judge freed Strauss-Kahn from house arrest after prosecutors presented evidence showing that Diallo admitted she had lied about the specifics of her whereabouts after the incident and , from her past , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms . Prosecutors said she admitted lying on the asylum application about having been a victim of a gang rape , even providing details of that attack . She cried when she first told prosecutors about the alleged gang rape , but in a subsequent interview , she admitted it never occurred . She said the fabricated account on the asylum application was made with the assistance of a man who "  provided her with a cassette recording of the facts " so that she could memorize them . ABC reported that in the interview , Diallo acknowledged "  mistakes . " But she insisted that her story of what happened in the hotel is the unvarnished truth . "  He came to me and grabbed my breasts , " she told ABC , adding that she asked him to stop and said "  I do n't want to lose my job . " "  I was like , ` Stop this , stop this , ' " she said in the interview . But , she insisted , Strauss-Kahn "  kept pushing me back to the hallway . ... I was so afraid . I was so scared . " In the interview with Newsweek , conducted at her lawyer 's office in New York City , Diallo said Strauss-Kahn was naked when he slammed the door shut to his luxury hotel room , forced himself upon her and tried to make her perform oral sex on him . She said she was "  nervous " and "  scared " when she eventually ran from Strauss-Kahn 's hotel room , ending an incident that took about 15 minutes . Strauss-Kahn was initially arrested at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport while on board a Paris-bound plane . His arrest created an international furor , prompting his resignation as IMF chief as New York Judge Michael Obus ordered him held under a $ 6 million bail . Political watchers in France said he would no longer be a likely candidate for the upcoming presidential election . While prosecutors have questioned Diallo 's credibility , the charges against Strauss-Kahn have not been dismissed . There have been further twists in recent weeks , including writer Tristane Banon 's filing of a complaint accusing Strauss-Kahn of attempted rape in France , stemming from an alleged 2003 incident in Paris . A lawyer for Strauss-Kahn in France said he subsequently filed a counterclaim against Banon for false declarations . Diallo filed a libel lawsuit against the New York Post and five of its reporters after the newspaper reported that the woman accusing Strauss-Kahn was a prostitute . The paper cited anonymous sources and said it stands by its reporting . "  Because of him , they call me a prostitute , " Diallo said in the Newsweek interview , blaming Strauss-Kahn for the accusations . Strauss-Kahn 's next court date for the New York incident is scheduled for August 1 . The hearing had been pushed back from mid-July as prosecutors tried to determine whether to drop the charges or move forward in the case , said Erin Duggan , communications director for Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance . On Sunday , amid the fresh attention related to Diallo 's interviews , Duggan declined to comment on what she called the "  pending criminal case . " "  To protect the integrity of the criminal justice system , the rights of the victim and the rights of the accused , we will not discuss the facts or evidence in what remains an ongoing investigation , " she said in a statement . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Nafissatou Diallo will meet with prosectuors Wednesday , a source says She tells reporters that she feared she 'd be killed for accusing Strauss-Kahn The ex-IMF chief 's attorneys cite Diallo 's lies and say her campaign is about getting money Diallo acknowledges that she has made "  mistakes , " ABC reports
New York  CNN  -- Thousands of revelers in shades of green jammed Manhattan streets to the tune of bagpipes Saturday for the 251st annual St. Patrick 's Day parade . The parade marched past St. Patrick 's Cathedral , where the landmark building is set to undergo more than $ 175 million in restorations , considered among the largest renovation projects in its history . Cardinal Timothy Dolan presided there earlier Saturday for a Mass attended by top city officials , including Mayor Michael Bloomberg . "  Today is a day to celebrate all things Irish and that means we have a lot to celebrate , " Bloomberg told reporters . "  The Irish really have been the center of life for three centuries , and if you look around our administration , it is full of people with names like Kelly and Tierney and Gil Hearn and Dougherty and Hanley and Walsh . " Spectators donned sparkling green top hats and waved tiny Irish flags , as a marching band representing New York 's finest drummed their way through Gotham . In Boston , which also has a large Irish population , thousands showed up for the city 's parade that meandered through South Boston in the afternoon . Officials there have urged restraint in drinking . Photos : Celebrations go green Police Commissioner Edward Davis and Mayor Thomas Menino issued a joint statement saying Boston police "  will be taking steps to increase patrols , focusing not only on the parade route and calls for service , but also at drinking establishments . " Bars are open until 7 p.m. , while liquor stores are required to close at 4 p.m. . In Chicago , the Chicago River was once again dyed green to kick off Irish-inspired festivities and a parade . Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny was on hand for this year 's celebrations in The Windy City , sharing the spotlight with Mayor Rahm Emanuel . "  People are letting loose , singing , dancing , " said Julie Roche , 25 , a manager at Chicago 's Snuggery pub and sports bar . Scores of patrons filed in as soon as the downtown bar opened at 7 a.m. , she said , swelling to larger numbers as the day progressed . President enjoys a pint at the Dubliner pub in D.C. Parade-goers also jammed the streets of Savannah , Georgia , where clover-clad floats carried green-shirted revelers . "  We had a huge crowd here . The weather was incredible , " said Julian Miller , public affairs administrator for Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police . "  It has been a very well-behaved crowd . We still have tonight . " He said there were only a couple minor arrests as of late Saturday afternoon . One participant in the parade became ill and was taken away by ambulance , Miller said . Witnesses told CNN affiliate WTGS that first responders performed CPR on a member of a marching band . Miller could not provide precise crowd estimates , but said it was probably in the several hundreds of thousands . Even President Barack Obama partook in the March 17 holiday tradition , enjoying a Guinness at a well-known Capitol Hill pub called "  The Dubliner . " Across the pond , huge crowds packed central Dublin , where thousands of spectators waved Irish flags as marchers passed by , carrying banners and singing traditional Irish songs . "  I 'll take in more money today than I normally would in a week , " said John Hoyne , owner of the Brazen Head pub , a converted manor that dates to 1775 and is described as Dublin 's oldest pub . "  We are absolutely jammed to capacity . " The 50-year-old pub owner said the Brazen Head has 13 bartenders filling up an average of 500 pints of Guinness per hour . "  It 's absolutely electric here , " he said . Dublin crowds also gathered for the much-anticipated Irish-English six nations rugby match-up , a rivalry perhaps made more intense by Saturday 's festivities . Ireland has been reeling from the effects of a banking collapse and the euro zone 's debt crisis , battling high unemployment that currently hovers just above 14 % . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Huge crowd attends parade in Savannah Pub patrons filed into Chicago bars starting at 7 a.m. to celebrate , says one manager The Chicago River was dyed green , as it is every year Huge crowds pack central Dublin and wave Irish flags
CNN  -- We have all been duped in the Trayvon Martin case . Bamboozled . This case was never "  open and shut " as Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump insisted in a news conference at the start of the trial . I doubted it was that easy from Day One . Said Crump then : "  The jury will have to hear all of the evidence . We think this is a simple case . No. 1 : Zimmerman was a grown man with a gun . No. 2 : Trayvon was a child with no blood on his hands . Literally . " When I heard Crump 's words , I was immediately suspicious . Could it really be that simple ? Or was the attorney just trying to placate a grieving family and spin an angle for the media ? Did Crump really believe that "  Justice for All " had finally arrived in our nation ? And that the damning stereotypes associated with race and class would have no room in a Florida courtroom where George Zimmerman is being charged with second-degree murder in the death of Martin ? Get the latest updates at HLNTV.com 's live blog I 'm no cynic but I am a realist . A realist who 's covered enough criminal trials to know for certain that the trial that plays out in the public over pep rally vigils and celebrity protests is never the trial that unfolds in the courtroom . I understand that race still matters deeply in our courtrooms , just as it does in our nation . And there 's no getting away from that fact . As the trial of Zimmerman continues , nothing is as simple as it seems . "  This case is a perfect storm , " says Xavier Donaldson , a defense attorney and former prosecutor in New York . "  You have to look at the nature of the case and the racial , political and social economics of the defendant and accused . You have a young black kid , walking with a sweatshirt on and some guy , who wants to be a cop , assumes he 's a criminal and shoots him dead . " Zimmerman has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder . Trayvon Martin Shooting : Fast Facts "  Zimmerman had an image in his community as a good guy , who wanted to protect people . So he -- and not Martin , the victim -- has gotten the benefit of presumption of innocence . Normally , in murder cases that does n't happen . People generally believe that if you 've been arrested and charged that you must have done something wrong , but those lines are blurred here , " says Donaldson . It seems Zimmerman , in part because he belonged to his neighborhood watch group , has been granted the status of a police officer . He even has police officers testifying in his favor that Trayvon 's father , Tracy Martin , told them that the voice screaming for help on the 911 call was "  not his son " when he heard the tape for the first time . The father strongly denies he said those words to the police . Normally , the prosecutor in a high-profile murder case puts forth evidence to prove the defendant 's guilt and aggressively goes after any notion that suggests that the victim is at fault . The prosecution 's goal is to do anything it can to convince a jury that the killer is a menace that needs to be taken off the street . That 's how the battle is won in the courtroom . But in the trial of Zimmerman , the prosecution -- Richard Mantei -- appears to be lying low and taking too many punches . Could it be that Mantei himself buys into the theory that Zimmerman is some misunderstood do-gooder in the community ? It 's just puzzling . Words matter , as we have seen over the course of the trial . So when Mantei told the court before resting his case : "  There are two people involved here . One of them is dead , and one of them is a liar , " I was shocked . This is a murder case . One person is dead , and the other person is a murderer . Those words more accurately describe the facts presented in the case . There is no question that Zimmerman killed Martin , so there 's no reason to tiptoe around the words . And that 's exactly what is so troubling for myself and many others , especially in the black community . It has been all too easy an idea for people to entertain that Martin did something to cause his own murder . History tells us that in our nation 's courtrooms and even outside of those walls , my son , your son , our sons still do n't have the presumption of innocence , even when they are the victims of a murder . "  I would have told Martin 's parents , ` prepare for hell , ' " says Donaldson . "  It will not be easy . They will present evidence that will make your son look like the worst criminal . The defenses ' goal is to turn your son into the criminal here and make him guilty of the crime . " No one knows yet how this trial will end . Donaldson feels it 's too close to call until rebuttals are made and the case wraps up . "  It could go either way , " Donaldson says . But I do know one thing : We should not have to wear a Trayvon T-shirt to an awards show or attend a pep rally to remind America that when an unarmed child is confronted and gunned down in the street by a grown man who 's trained to kill , that 's murder . End of story . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : We have all been duped in the Trayvon Martin case Jones : This case was never "  open and shut " as the Martin family attorney said earlier She says race still matters deeply in our courtrooms , just as it does in our nation Jones : In Zimmerman trial , the prosecution appears to be lying low and taking punches
CNN  -- Thank you for shopping at Goodwill , your total is $ 23,472 . That is a line most thrifty shoppers will never hear . Maybe $ 23.47 , but certainly not 23 grand . While most think of Goodwill as a great place to buy really cheap shirts or gently used shoes , maybe even some furniture , the charity has an online auction site called shopgoodwill.com . That 's where the really high-dollar donations go to be sold . Like the collection of 55 African artifacts that sold recently for a Goodwill online record of $ 23,472 . "  The African collection will provide significant revenue for job training in the region , " said Terry Hayes , president of the Tacoma  Washington  Goodwill , in a written statement . An anonymous donor dropped off the artifacts at a center in Port Townsend , Washington , in October in two huge containers filled with the items and packing straw . The pieces came from Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Congo , Mali , Mozambique and Tanzania . They were sold as 54 lots , with a headdress mask from Cameroon drawing the highest bid of $ 2,601 . The auction began November 19 and ran through Sunday . The pieces were evaluated by Tacoma Goodwill 's in-house appraiser Jazlan Grigbsy . She valued the collection at $ 11,000 , said George White , a spokesman for Tacoma Goodwill . He said he thinks more people have learned about the auction site through media coverage and an increased number of bidders helped yield the record amount . White explained most people do n't know about Goodwill 's tiered approach to retail , which has the online site at the top and the familiar outlet stores at the bottom . In between are specialty boutiques for high-end apparel and accessories or home decor , and regular retail stores . He said the money goes mostly to fund more than 30 different job-training programs . Abour 140 Goodwill agencies contribute items to the Shopgoodwill.com online store , which has more than 61,000 items in 350 categories that include art , electronics , jewelry and transportation . Anyone need a motor home ?	The 55 artifacts were appraised at $ 11,000 , a spokesman for Goodwill says They were donated anonymously by someone who dropped off two large containers One item sold for $ 2,601 Goodwill says money is used for job-training programs
CNN  The Cuba that photographer Carolina Sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s American cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches that most visitors to the island bring back home . Instead Sandretto focuses on "  solares , " the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling . "  This situation of bringing into your house your husband or your wife and living with your own parents in your late 30s and 40s , I always thought is really interesting and different than the U.S. but similar to my country since that 's the way it was 50 years ago , " said Sandretto , who is from Italy . Following Fidel Castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout Cuba and the government promised that everyone would have a home in the new socialist utopia . But building did not keep pace with the population , and Cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room . "  It ends up to be a very interesting habitat , " Sandretto said . "  Because there  are  so many different layers of people . It creates a whole community , even if neighbors really do n't like each other . " Sandretto said she first visited Cuba three years ago and was instantly hooked . "  I stayed and went back and back because it 's a very unique place and people are really beautiful and amazing and with interesting stories , " she said . Gaining entrance to the maze-like solares was a constant negotiation , Sandretto said , and plenty of times she was turned away . "  I always try to explain what I do , why I am there , why I am interested in where they live , the aim of my project , " she said . Toting a 30-year-old Hasselblad 500cm camera , Sandretto found it was a good way to strike up a conversation with her subjects . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  They get curious when see someone going around with a bulky old camera , " she said . "  I talk a lot . I am Italian . I speak Spanish , which helps but not a lot because you have to speak ` Cuban , ' which is another language . " Her persistence allowed her to capture intimate moments of Cubans resting in the sweltering heat , crowding around a communal TV or just going about life despite their disintegrating surroundings . There are no modern appliances or conveniences in her photographs . The people in these solares are n't the fortunate Cubans who have relatives visiting from Miami with flat-screens and smartphones in tow . Instead , there is the sense of time being whittled away -- one game of dominoes or one TV soap opera a time . Sandretto said she hopes to continue to document the changes on the island that occur as the United States and Cuba work to restore diplomatic relations and an inevitable influx of American visitors arrive . The thawing in relations could even change life in Cuba 's solares . "  People want to travel , have access to the Internet and improve their economic situation , " she said . "  I hope that 's what happens . " Carolina Sandretto is an Italian photographer based in New York . You can follow her on Twitter .	Carolina Sandretto focuses on the crumbling buildings many Cubans live in together The maze-like "  solares " often include separate families under one roof
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic had luck on their side Friday at the Miami Masters . The fans there were less fortunate . The top two in the world will meet in a dream Sunday final -- after both of their semifinal opponents pulled out pre match . For the second time during the tournament , world No. 2 Djokovic did n't need to hit a ball to advance in the draw . His third-round opponent , Florian Mayer , was a walkover because of a groin injury and the Serb progressed Friday after Kei Nishikori withdrew -- with a groin injury . Former Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych was then unable to take on Nadal in the second semifinal due to a stomach illness , leaving spectators with no singles action to watch . Nishikori had upset 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer in the quarterfinals Wednesday and 2013 Miami finalist David Ferrer in a three-hour battle a day earlier . The hard-hitting Japanese baseliner , who trains in Florida , was bidding to reach his maiden Masters final . "  Very sorry to say that I have to pull out today , " the 21st-ranked Nishikori said on his Facebook page . "  Very disappointed and I am obviously very sorry for any fans that wanted to come out for this match . "  This tournament is very special to me and  I  look forward to coming back in the years to come . I will work with my medical team to be back healthy as soon as possible . " Berdych , in comments posted by the tournament on Twitter , said he woke up at 7:30 a.m. Miami time Friday with pain in his stomach . "  I am disappointed about not getting a chance to play , " said Berdych . Djokovic is one win away from doing the Indian Wells and Miami double , which would replicate his 2011 feat . Nadal , meanwhile , is aiming to capture the tournament for the first time . Saturday 's women 's final features the top two in the rankings , too . World No. 1 Serena Williams -- trying for a seventh title in Miami -- plays Australian Open champion Li Na .	Novak Djokovic advances to the final of the Miami Masters without playing Djokovic goes through after Kei Nishikori pulls out with a groin injury It 's the second time this tournament Djokovic benefits from a walkover Rafael Nadal also progresses after an ill Tomas Berdych pulls out
