CNN  -- On December 15 , CNN joins forces with YouTube to host a global debate on the environmental challenges facing our planet . The one-hour debate , hosted by CNN 's Becky Anderson , will air live on CNN.com and YouTube from Copenhagen , Denmark where world leaders are meeting to form a global treaty on climate change . You can also watch the debate on CNN International from December 16 . Have your say at COP15 -- Join the CNN/YouTube debate The debate comes just days before the end of the United Nations summit on climate change where negotiators have been hard at work on a draft treaty to set limits on carbon emissions and to secure funding to help poor nations to cope with the challenges of a warming world . It follows a special week of "  Going Green " coverage on CNN to highlight the impact of climate change around the world .	CNN and YouTube host a one-hour debate on December 15 about climate change challenge Debate will air live on CNN.com , and later on CNN International Comes just days before the end of the UN summit on climate change in Copenhagen World leaders are seeking a global agreement to reduce carbon emissions
Las Vegas  CNN  -- After six days , 3,250 booths and 20,000 new products , a few interesting trends bubbled up at last week 's Consumer Electronics Show . There were plenty of generic 5-inch smartphones , cheap tablets and ginormous televisions , as well as prototypes of fun , futuristic technology like the 20-inch 4K tablet from Panasonic or the self-driving car from Audi . We also spotted plenty of odd gear , like the manicure machine that can print photos on your nails and the mind-controlled helicopter . And we learned a few things about where consumer tech is going in 2013 . Here are six trends that caught our eye . Transportation for people who hate walking Shiny , futuristic smart cars were on display from big companies such as Audi , Toyota and Ford . They showed off self-driving car prototypes and in-car displays for reading maps , playing music and even checking social networks . But some of the more inventive transportation tech was smaller and geekier . There was the ZBoard , a motorized skateboard that senses your weight to propel you in the right direction , going up to 15 miles per hour . The eFlow E3 Nitro Electric bike will set lazy bikers back $ 4,000 . People wearing electric roller skates and strange two-wheeled boots zipped around the show floor at low speeds . The Solowheel electric unicycle actually looked like a lot of fun , but at $ 1,795 , you might be better off catching a few cabs . Overhyped pricey TVs Televisions are the biggest product category at the Consumer Electronics Show , with major companies such as Samsung , Sharp , Sony and Panasonic using the occasion to launch their latest and greatest screens . The big hardware feature pushed at last week 's show was the Ultra High-Definition 4K screen , which offers a crisper picture than traditional HD displays . While the technology is closer to being available to consumers , it 's still mostly just hype . The prices are sky-high for 4K TVs , and you 'll notice the difference only if you 're sitting close to the set or if you spring for a giant television measuring 60 inches or larger . Even if you can afford a 4K TV , there 's not much in the way of content for the medium yet . Crowdfunded gadgets The crowd-funding and conference worlds merged nicely at this year 's CES . Companies that got their start on Kickstarter or Indiegogo , like the people who made the Pebble smart watch , managed to parlay that early momentum into higher visibility at the show . Crowdfunding sites also are proving to be more than just great ways to raise money ; they 're places where people with offbeat inventions can test the waters to see whether there 's a market for their product . And then there were the startups with protoypes that announced plans to raise money on crowdfunding sites in the coming months . One CES darling was the HAPIfork , a "  smart " fork that tallies how many bites you take in order to help fast eaters slow down . The product has received a lot of press , both adoring and mocking , which should help it rake in money when it debuts on Kickstarter this spring . Help for senior citizens The elderly tend to get overlooked in the tech world , but this year 's CES featured a surprising number of products aimed at the grandparent set . Connected smart-home devices make it possible to monitor family members from far away , which can be comforting to primary caregivers dealing with aging parents . New sensors can text family members or a doctor if something is amiss in the senior 's daily routine , such as not getting out of bed or skipping medication . If you 're concerned about an elderly relative 's safety , you can use smartphone apps to remotely control security systems , thermostats and even kitchen electronics . For people in poor health , sensors and gadgets will monitor vital signs and send alerts if someone needs assistance right away . In case of emergency Whether inspired by Hurricane Sandy or "  The Walking Dead , " a number of intriguing gadgets promised to help users handle emergencies . The Luci inflatable lantern , for example , is both solar-powered and waterproof . Also popular were mobile-charging devices that offer backup power on the go for smartphones and tablets . These battery packs can be pricey , though . The solar-powered Yeti 150 generator has enough juice to power a smartphone for 15 hours , but it will cost you $ 400 . The junk CES is huge , spanning 1.92 million square feet . For every interesting gadget or prototype , there were dozens of small booths hawking digital detritus . Though Apple does n't have an official presence at CES , the iPhone accessory was a popular item on the show floor , There was a neverending supply of cheap cases , covers , Bluetooth keyboards , power packs and charging stations for iPhone and iPads . Speakers and headphones were as omnipresent as flu germs . Some big companies introduced cool audio products , but the big trend continued to be celebrity-endorsed headphones . Beats by Dre has done so well that every earbud now clamors for some famous support , even from the likes of MotÃ ¶ rhead frontman Lemmy Kilmister or , um , "  The Jersey Shore 's " Snooki . Finally , there were the massagers . There was n't anything terribly innovative or new in the massage field , but the booths demoing massage tech were always packed with stressed-out or weary attendees who needed a little back rub after wandering the show floor all day . The latest trend in this field ? Little robot massagers that wander around on your back . We 'll find out soon enough whether they catch on in the real world .	20,000 new products were showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show Helpful technology for seniors and emergencies was big on the show floor Many companies planned Kickstarter funding campaigns for their products The massive show wrapped up Friday in Las Vegas
PEOPLE.com  -- Do n't mess with Gina ! That 's the lesson Gina Carano 's costars learned while they were filming Steven Soderbergh 's "  Haywire . " After all , Carano is n't just another new face in a Hollywood action thriller . She 's a former mixed martial arts star , who is making her movie debut in Soderbergh 's latest flick , which opens Friday . "  I got to be physical with some of the hottest guys in Hollywood , " Carano , who tussles with Channing Tatum , Ewan McGregor and Michael Fassbender in the film , told PEOPLE at the BlackBerry-sponsored Cinema Society screening this week . Fassbender , in particular , was the recipient of a vase to the face when the two were filming a fight scene and he accidentally KO 'd Carano . "  When Fassbender slammed my head into the wall , that 's the only time I went black , " Carano , 29 , said about the shoot , during which she also reportedly knocked out a stuntman . "  And then I slammed a vase right into his face when he was n't expecting it . " "  He did n't get cut , " Carano clarified , before adding , "  maybe a little bit . " McGregor , for his part , said he also emerged "  sore " from his scenes with Carano but called the fight scenes "  good fun . " But Tatum , whom she describes as "  like a bro , " is one actor Carano says she would n't want to fight in real life . "  I 'd probably want to choke him out real quick , " she said . "  Because he 's actually very athletic . " Return to MMA ? Carano has officially retired from MMA but says she has n't ruled out a return . To prepare for the role as a Black Ops agent in "  Haywire , " she worked with a Hollywood stunt crew and attended a two-month training camp with a former Israeli intelligence operative . According to Soderbergh , it was his intention to have Carano -- who is a 5-feet 8-inches tall and 143 pounds . -- rather than one of her male costars , be the toughest character in the film . "  There was something transgressive about having the woman being the one who is attacked first , " Soderbergh recently told Sports Illustrated . "  There 's sort of , in movie terms , a popular conception that women are weaker than men and that the only way that they can triumph in a hand-to-hand situation is if they somehow have an advantage from the beginning . ... -LSB- Carano 's character -RSB- is attacked in an unprovoked manner and has to work her way back into winning the fight . With someone like Gina , you can pull that off and have it be believable . She can really break you in half . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I got to be physical with some of the hottest guys in Hollywood , " Gina Carano said Ewan McGregor , for his part , said he also emerged "  sore " from his scenes with Carano Carano has officially retired from MMA but says she has n't ruled out a return
CNN  -- The town of Derna is not much to look at -- a heap of Soviet-style concrete buildings in a deprived and windswept corner of eastern Libya . But it has a rich history -- fought over and colonized since Roman times -- and a stunning location on the Mediterranean . It has also gained a reputation as a hotbed of jihadists . And that has diplomats and analysts asking whether the unrest in Libya might provide an opening for al Qaeda and fellow travelers , just a short hop from Europe . Derna even made it into U.S. diplomatic cables obtained by Wikileaks . A cable from 2008 describes it as a "  wellspring of Libyan foreign fighters " for al Qaeda in Iraq . High youth unemployment , discrimination by the Gadhafi regime and the influence of veteran Libyan jihadists from Afghanistan all played a role in radicalizing a new generation . "  Other factors include a dearth of social outlets for young people , -LSB- and -RSB- local pride in Derna 's history as a locus of fierce opposition to occupation , " the cable said . "  Most young men watched a mix of al-Jazeera news , religious sermons and western action films on English language satellite channels broadcast from the Gulf . The result was a heady mixture of violence , religious conservatism and hatred of U.S. policy in Iraq and Palestine . " Today , Derna is very much in the opposition 's hands , and accounts from eastern Libya say Islamists and others are fighting side-by-side with one aim : removing Moammar Gadhafi . But what comes next ? Gadhafi has been quick to raise the specter of al Qaeda as the beneficiary of unrest in Libya , even claiming that it was drugging young Libyans into opposing his rule . The regime has also paraded a former member of the Libyan Islamist Fighting Group who had allegedly been "  captured " during fighting in Zawiyah . While the regime 's claims may seem outlandish , a former leader of Libyan jihadists tells CNN that al Qaeda will seek to take advantage of chaos in Libya . "  If there is a power vacuum in Libya there will be an open market for al Qaeda , " says Noman Benotman , a former commander in the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group and one-time ally of Osama bin Laden . The LIFG fought the Gadhafi regime in the 1990s , but formally ended its campaign to overthrow the Libyan regime two years ago , and repudiated al Qaeda . Benotman is now a senior researcher at the Quilliam Foundation in London , a counter-terrorism think tank . Having played no role in the rebellion so far , al Qaeda and its affiliates will have to play catch-up if they do want to exploit the situation , says Benotman . Individuals who might have jihadist sympathies are keeping them under wraps for the sake of uniting with one aim : removing Gadhafi , he says . Added to which there has been a broad welcome among Libyan rebels of all stripes for U.S. and coalition airstrikes to protect the city of Benghazi . According to Benotman , dozens of former LIFG fighters have now joined rebel efforts to topple Gadhafi , but he stressed that they had done so in a personal capacity rather than organizing operations as a group . Protest movements across the Middle East -- predominantly secular and pro-democracy -- have so far reduced the jihadist message to irrelevance . But Benotman sees potentially dangerous parallels in Libya with neighboring Algeria and with Afghanistan . After the Soviet withdrawal in 1989 , the West walked away from Afghanistan rather than use its "  soft power " to bring about positive change , he says . The Taliban eventually filled the void . As a young jihadist , Benotman was there to witness it . And in Algeria , a 1992 army coup following electoral gains by radical Islamist parties spawned a violent insurgency . More than 100,000 Algerians were killed in a savage conflict between the state and Islamist extremists before the insurgency waned in the mid-1990s . Some Western counter-terrorism officials fret that a prolonged civil war in Libya could open up space for al Qaeda . Governments and NGOs have to be quick , says Benotman , in helping rebel-held areas develop education , health-care and the institutions of democracy . Libya -- like Yemen -- has a less developed "  civil society " than either Egypt or Tunisia after 40 years of authoritarian rule . It also has entrenched tribal rivalries and a small middle class . Such conditions were compounded by Gadhafi 's strategy of divide and rule through a baffling array of competing power centers . Al Qaeda has already scented an opportunity . Its leading ideologue , Abu Yahya al-Libi -- himself a Libyan -- told Islamists in the country : "  Store your weapons and do not relinquish them . " In an audio tape released on March 12 , he said that "  ousting these regimes is not the end in making a change . " A week later the leader of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  had a similar message . In an audiotape posted on Jihadist websites and translated by the SITE Intelligence Group , Abu Musab Wadud told Gadhafi 's opponents : "  We will be side-by-side with you , Allah willing . " Until now , That may be wishful thinking . AQIM has in recent times been restricted to remote parts of Mali , Niger and Mauritania and has suffered leadership splits . Wadud may also have damaged his cause by predicting the United States and NATO would never help the rebels because they were the "  source of the disaster . " But al Qaeda is nothing if not persistent . And there is a long history of Islamist radicalization in Libya , especially in the impoverished , restive eastern provinces . At the peak of the Iraqi insurgency , more jihadists per capita traveled to join al Qaeda in Iraq from Libya than from any other country . And according to al Qaeda records seized by the U.S. Army in Iraq , in 2006-07 more volunteers -- a total of 53 -- travelled to Iraq from Derna than any other city in the Arab world . And in the 1990s , Benotman 's group had tried to establish a safe haven in Derna , eventually being bombed into submission by the Libyan air force . Which brings us back to the U.S. cable from 2008 , in which an American diplomat who traveled to Derna , quoted a local businessman who had "  likened young men in Derna to Bruce Willis ' character in the action picture ` Die Hard , ' who stubbornly refused to die quietly . For them , resistance against coalition forces in Iraq is an important act of ` jihad ' and a last act of defiance against the Gadhafi regime . " "  It 's jihad -- it 's our duty , and you 're talking about people who do n't have much else to be proud of , " he said . Maybe that at last is changing .	A former Libyan jihadist says al Qaeda will seek to take advantage of chaos in Libya Diplomats and analysts ask whether unrest might provide an opening for al Qaeda There is a long history of Islamist radicalization in Libya Especially in the impoverished , restive eastern provinces
CNN  Criminal justice reform is rapidly becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time . It 's about time . America has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its prisoners . Nearly 2 1/2 million Americans are in prison . Over 65 million people , or 20 % of the country , have criminal records . Most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are African-Americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population . It 's time for policymakers to address this criminal justice crisis head on . We must change the dismal status quo . We must start by asking a simple question : Why are so many Americans criminals ? Look no further than Washington , which has spent the past century devising the most complicated -- and nonsensical -- criminal code known to man . The federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting , not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties . The list of federal crimes is so long , so broad and so vague that you and I likely commit three felonies every day , unwittingly breaking numerous federal laws as we go about our daily business . No wonder America 's prison population is out of control . Americans are n't addicted to crime ; our politicians are addicted to criminalizing things . Sadly , the criminalization of Americans also traps them in poverty . According to the Pew Charitable Trusts , incarceration leads to reduced wages  11 % drop  , employment  nine weeks lost annually  , and earnings overall  40 % annually  . Making matters worse , over half of new prisoners are at or below the poverty line and three-quarters of former prisoners are sent back to jail within five years of their release . The deck is stacked against my generation in particular . Young adults are 10 % of the population yet comprise 29 % of the country 's arrests . Young African-Americans are particularly at risk : They 're 15 times more likely to be in prison than whites . No wonder 18-to-29-year-olds have the lowest level of trust of any age group that our justice system treats everyone equally . Thankfully , there is a bipartisan consensus in Washington that something needs to be done , and fast . On the left , civil rights groups and their allies in Congress have been demanding that the criminal system be fixed for years . On the right , politicians from Paul Ryan to Rand Paul are now recommending the same thing . If politicians are serious , they should consider three specific areas for reform . 1 . Reduce punishment for nonviolent crimes Politicians should consider reducing nonviolent offenses from felonies to misdemeanors , and end mandatory sentencing for nonviolent crimes . The federal government 's unsuccessful war on drugs has led to unfair punishments for nonviolent drug offenders who made youthful mistakes . While some policies may have made sense in the 1980s and '90s , they now do more harm than good . Those involved in the buying and selling of small amounts of drugs should n't be subjected to years or decades in prison for their crimes . And more generally , judges should be free to tailor their rulings to the specific facts and details of the case -- and the person standing before them . 2 . Rebuild respect between communities and police One-size-fits-all mandates and decrees from Washington -- from drug laws to civil asset forfeiture to no-knock warrants -- create divisions between local law enforcement and the local communities they serve . Practices , policies and programs that create unnecessary distrust and unease should be eliminated . It 's the same for police militarization , which has occurred in large part because Washington has supplied local agencies with weapons and tools that are inappropriate for use in local communities . Letting local communities set their own law enforcement policies will go a long way toward restoring the trust that right now seems almost nonexistent . 3 . Give ex-nonviolent offenders a second chance Too many reformed convicts return to jail because they face insurmountable barriers that keep them from living a normal life . Legislators can begin fixing this by encouraging greater record-sealing and expungement for youthful , non violent offenders , thereby giving people who made mistakes a greater chance of finding work and rejoining society . Reducing licensing barriers and restoring voting rights for those with criminal backgrounds should also be considered . This list is only a starting point , yet our elected officials could -- and should -- quickly and easily take it up . In our era of hyperpartisanship , we should focus on those few things on which Americans agree . Fixing our country 's broken criminal justice system should be at the top of the list .	America has the highest incarceration rate in the world , holding 25 % of the world 's prisoners Evan Feinberg : We must change the dismal status quo with specific solutions
CNN  -- A tsunami warning for Hawaii , triggered by a powerful earthquake in Canada , proved nothing more than a pre-Halloween scare for thousands of people this weekend . "  The tourists are doing their best Chicken Little impressions , " one CNN iReporter in West Maui , Hawaii , wrote early Sunday . Sirens announced the tsunami warning across Hawaii on Saturday night , as thousands of revelers packed streets in Honolulu for the annual Hallowbaloo festival and many others in costumes headed to Halloween parties . Restaurants , clubs and the festival immediately shut down and the parties turned into bumper-to-bumper traffic jams as residents headed to higher ground . Visions of the devastating quake and tsunami that killed thousands in Japan in March 2011 fueled the fright , but the waves proved to be smaller and less powerful than feared . While the warning said waves could surge between 3 and 6 feet , the largest wave , measured in Kahului on the island of Maui , was about 2.5 feet above ambient sea level , according to Gerard Fryer , senior geophysicist at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . The evacuation orders for coastal residents and the tsunami warning were canceled by 1 a.m. in Hawaii  7 a.m. ET  and a tsunami advisory was put in its place . That advisory was lifted three hours later . Honolulu Mayor Peter Carlisle said early Sunday that people who had evacuated could return to their homes . CNN affiliate Hawaii News Now reported that was also the case for coastal residents in various parts of the state . Earlier , local television showed images of bumper-to-bumper traffic on roads leading from the coast to higher ground . About 80,000 people live in evacuation zones on the island of Oahu , where Honolulu is located . Read the latest developments in our live blog Even Hawaiians accustomed to tsunami warnings spared no effort in bracing for the worst . Honolulu resident Victoria Shioi filled her bathtub with water , set her refrigerator to the coldest setting and gathered candles in case of water or power outages . "  Also backed up my computer and put the external  hard drive  in the waterproof safe , " Shioi said . The tsunami was spawned by a sizable earthquake in western British Columbia , prompting a local tsunami warning . "  A  magnitude  7.7 is a big , hefty earthquake -- not something you can ignore , " Fryer said . "  It definitely would have done some damage if it had been under a city . " Instead , the quake struck about 139 kilometers  86 miles  south of Masset on British Columbia 's Queen Charlotte Islands . No major damage was reported . The Alaska Tsunami Warning Center issued a warning for western British Columbia from Vancouver to the southern panhandle of Alaska . Canadians as far away as Prince Rupert , on mainland British Columbia , felt the quake . Tanya Simonds said she felt as if her house was "  sliding back and forth on mud , " but did n't see any damage from the tremor . Shawn Martin was at a movie theater when the quake struck . "  It just felt like the seats were moving . It felt like someone was kicking your seat , " he said . Martin said more than hundred cars headed toward a popular intersection in the city known for its higher ground . Thousands of miles across the Pacific , residents in Hawaii did the same . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Jake Carpenter , Chandler Friedman and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : the largest wave was about 2.5 feet above ambient sea level NEW : Tsunami advisory lifted Hawaii evacuations are lifted The tsunami was caused by a magnitude 7.7 earthquake in western Canada
London  CNN  -- The Syrian poet , critic and artist Adonis has been described as the greatest living Arab poet . He was the first Arab to win the German Goethe Prize last year at the age of 81 , whose judges described him as "  the most important Arab poet of our time , " and he was one of the favorites to win last year 's Nobel Prize for Literature . Adonis , born Ali Ahmad Said Esbar , grew up in a poor village near the Syrian city of Latakia and received no formal education until he was granted a scholarship to a French lycee by the then president of Syria at the age of 13 . He was forced to leave Syria in 1956 after being imprisoned for his involvement in the opposition Syrian National Socialist Party . He moved to Beirut , Lebanon , and now lives in Paris and Beirut . He spoke to CNN through an interpreter at an exhibition of his collages and a series of literary events called "  A Tribute to Adonis " at the Mosaic Rooms in London until March 30 . CNN : How do you feel watching the situation in Syria ? Adonis : I 'm very sad . I wish that the regime would understand that it has to reform or renew itself and create a new government through free and fair elections . I also wish that the opposition had not resorted to armed violence because I 'm personally against violence in all its forms . I do not see any justification for its use whatsoever . CNN : Should the outside world intervene in Syria ? A : The world should not interfere , especially not militarily . The Western world should not use this as a pretext to fulfill its own goals in the region . More from Inside the Middle East : Filmmaker Nigol Bezian 's tour of ` Little Armenia ' in Beirut CNN : Are you in touch with friends in Syria ? A : I last went to Syria a year and a half ago , but I 'm always in touch with my friends there . Many of them are in the opposition -- but in the peaceful opposition . Many of them share my views that the solution must be Syrian and through a democratic dialogue . We must reach a new regime that is democratic , plural and secular . CNN : Are your friends scared ? A : Their main fear is for the violence and for the potential for the situation to develop into civil war . They are not scared to speak out . They can talk openly . CNN : How have events of the past year changed the Arab world ? A : There 's definitely a new consciousness everywhere . The question is will this lead to a new political reality and new regimes ? It 's difficult to predict , but I hope so . CNN : Have you seen changes in Lebanon , where you have lived on and off since 1956 ? A : Lebanon will remain as it has always been : An ongoing project , a work in progress . It 's a project that 's difficult to stop , but it 's equally difficult to continue with . CNN : You received no formal education until you recited one of your own poems to the then Syrian president in 1943 . How did that happen ? A : It was almost 70 years ago after Syria became independent and the president was touring the country . I was 12 or 13 and I read a poem in front of the president . He called me over and asked what I wanted . I said I would like to go to school , so I got a scholarship to a school in Latakia . More from Inside the Middle East : Women and the Arab uprisings : 8 ` agents of change ' to follow CNN : How did that change your life ? A : Poetry gave me a new life . I can always say that poetry allowed me to be reborn . CNN : How important is poetry in Arab culture ? A : There are two things that are central to our culture : Religion and poetry . They were always in conflict . Unfortunately now religion is overwhelming poetry , but I have a saying that poetry remains deeply-rooted and strong . Poetry has never had any influence throughout history , however poetry creates a new aesthetic , a new beauty , a new type of relations between things and people , and this is not insignificant . CNN : What was Syria like before 1970 when Hafez al-Assad , Bashar 's father came to power ? A : I left Syria in 1956 , a few years before the Baath party became the government in 1963 . I was always opposed to the Baathist ideology . I was always against the one-party state . CNN : You left Syria after being imprisoned for membership of an opposition party in 1956 , then you left Lebanon in 1982 after the Israeli invasion . Do you feel you have always been in exile ? A : I do n't only feel in exile because of these two departures . There are many other factors making me feel this way : Relationships with other people , my relationship with language , my relationship with the world . Love sometimes makes you feel you are in exile . Existentially , the feeling of permanence is always accompanied by a feeling of exile , of impermanence . CNN : How has Syria changed since you left ? A : What 's strange is I feel it is I who has changed , not the country . CNN : What are your memories of the Syria of your youth ? A : I remember the coast , the mountains , the beautiful girls for which Syria is famous . I miss swimming in the sea . CNN : Will you ever go back to live in Syria ? A : I would like to go back , but I do n't think my desire will be fulfilled . CNN : The Mosaic Rooms in London is currently running ' A Tribute to Adonis ' and an exhibition of your artwork . What does this mean to you ? A : I 'm very happy . There 's a lot of attention and a lot of sensitive appreciation .	Adonis won German Goethe Prize and was described by judges as the "  most important Arab poet of our time " He has been exiled from Syria since 1956 Adonis calls for peaceful change in Syria without outside intervention
CNN  A federal judge Monday blocked one of the most well-known tools used to crack down on illegal immigration by the man who calls himself America 's toughest sheriff . Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio must stop enforcing Arizona 's identify theft laws , U.S. District Judge David Campbell ruled Monday , granting a preliminary injunction in a lawsuit filed against Arpaio . The lawsuit , filed by the Puente immigrant rights group , argues that the laws are unconstitutional and have been used by Arpaio and his office to target undocumented immigrants in workplace raids . Arpaio 's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment . In the past , he 's defended the workplace raids and said his department has been forced to step in because federal authorities have n't done enough to enforce immigration laws . Campbell said the plaintiffs are likely to succeed in their argument that the state 's identify theft laws are preempted by federal laws , and that Arpaio must stop enforcing the laws until a final decision is reached in the lawsuit . Carlos Garcia , executive director of Puente , described the judge 's ruling Monday as an "  enormous victory . " "  Arpaio and  Maricopa County Attorney Bill  Montgomery are being stripped of the tools they use to illegally terrorize immigrant workers and families , " he said in a statement . "  We hope that justice will continue to prevail , that not one more worker is arrested for providing for his or her family and that the racist , anti-immigrant machine for which Arizona is known is dismantled completely . " Arpaio 's tough , headline-grabbing punishments have earned him diehard supporters and fiery opponents . He 's issued pink underwear to the men detained in the county 's jails and said he is saving taxpayers money by removing salt and pepper from prison meals . Last year , he said inmates who allegedly defaced American flags placed in their jail cells would be punished with a diet of bread and water . In 2013 , a federal court in Phoenix ruled that Arpaio 's handling of people of Latino descent was not tough enforcement of immigration laws but instead amounted to racial and ethnic profiling . The judge later ordered a federal monitor to keep tabs on Arpaio 's office and make sure officers were n't racially profiling anymore . Last year , he filed a lawsuit against U.S. President Barack Obama over his executive actions on immigration . But a judge dismissed Arpaio 's lawsuit in December , ruling that Arpaio did n't have standing to bring the lawsuit and could n't show he 'd been harmed by Obama 's changes . In a court filing last month , Arpaio said he was disbanding his office 's criminal employment unit , the squad that conducted the workplace raids , because federal court decisions had already blocked certain Arizona laws . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Amy Roberts , Eric Bradner and contributed to this report .	A federal judge rules that Sheriff Joe Arpaio ca n't enforce his state 's identity theft laws The laws are likely trumped by federal laws , the judge rules Arpaio has used the laws to justify workplace raids
CNN  -- Two days ago , I learned about two young people killed by drug gangs in the border city of Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , their corpses bound and hung from a bridge . Unfortunately , drug murders happen so often in Mexico that they are not news anymore . This time was different . The murders have received a lot of international attention because the bodies were found with handwritten messages claiming that the couple had been killed for snitching on the cartels via the Internet . Is it possible that these murders grabbed more attention than last month 's 50-person massacre because of the connection to social media ? As a technologist , I find it easy to get swept up in the techno-utopian view of how social technologies are changing the world for the better . I do believe it . For example , Twitter hashtags are saving lives in Mexico by empowering citizens to report shootings and helping others to avoid them . However , those same hashtags have landed three people in jail on charges of "  terrorism " for supposedly spreading false rumors online . Now we learn about the murders of supposed "  Internet snitchers . " It is not clear whether the couple was killed for actually posting something online or whether their murder was used as an opportunity to scare people away from social media . In any case , the messages against online reporting might indicate that social media sites are seen as a threat . For example , one of the notes on the bodies named blogdelnarco.com , a website run anonymously on Google 's Blogger platform . Social technologies , like other peer-to-peer technologies , are incredibly disruptive . Social media open new opportunities for empowering the disenfranchised , but they also create big new challenges -- some so big that people 's lives might hang in the balance . There has been a heated discussion in the tech world about online anonymity , especially the "  real names only " policies of some social networks . Social media is seen as neutral ground by people in Mexico . They might not trust their government or even their neighbors , but they do trust big-name , high-tech companies to provide an unbiased platform that empowers them to connect with others . These events in Mexico are another reminder of the responsibility that high-tech companies have when providing these empowering platforms . Yes , these are for-profit enterprises , but with great tech power comes great responsibility  as Stan Lee might say  . The American media are in a privileged position to report safely on what is happening in Mexico . American journalists can , and should , amplify the voices of those who are unheard . Mexican voices present in social media speak of a complex problem with just as much relevance for the U.S. as Mexico . After all , the drug war is a thorny geopolitical conflict closely linked to U.S. financial stability and national security . The American public partially funds the war : via taxes on one side and through drug consumption on the other . My hope is that the fascination for social media communication will drive better coverage of systemic issues at the core of the conflict , such as debates on decriminalization , arms and human trafficking . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andres Monroy-Hernandez .	Writer says murdered couple in Mexico may have been revenge for blogging on drug cartels He says social media can do good in world , but disrupts too and is seen as threat by some He says there 's tech world controversy over "  real name " policy of some social networks Writer : Tech firms must consider their duty ; U.S. media must amplify Mexican voices
New York  CNN  -- A pretrial hearing is scheduled for Friday in the case of a former Rutgers University student who allegedly used a web cam to stream footage of his roommate 's sexual encounter with another man . Dharun Ravi faces a 15-count indictment , which includes hate crime charges , in connection with the death of his roommate , Tyler Clementi . Clementi killed himself after the incident , jumping from the George Washington Bridge between New York and New Jersey . Last month , Ravi turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . "  You want to know why he 's rejected the plea ? " his attorney , Steven Altman , said in December . "  Simple principle of law , simple principle of life -- he 's innocent . He 's not guilty . "  Ravi is a citizen of India who was studying in the U.S. legally . The deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors would have required Ravi , 19 , to undergo 600 hours of community service , counseling and to dispose of any information that could identify the man that Clementi was with . Prosecutors also offered to help Ravi avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . A second student charged in the scandal , Molly Wei , 19 , reached a plea deal and that requires her testify against Ravi . In May , Wei pleaded not guilty to two counts of invasion of privacy , according to a statement from the Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office . Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Barack Obama released a taped video message condemning bullying .	Dharun Ravi will go to trial in February over a 15-count indictment involving hate crime charges He has turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time His roommate , Tyler Clementi , later killed himself , jumping from the George Washington Bridge The plea deal would have required 600 hours of community service , among other things
Energy drinks can pose a real problem for children , according to a new study from the American Heart Association . Researchers found that 40 % of the 5,156 calls to poison centers for "  energy drink exposure " involved children under age 6 . In most of the cases , the parents did n't know the children had gotten hold of an energy drink . Many of the calls reported the children were experiencing serious side effects , such as an abnormal heart rhythm , or they were having a seizure . The study is being presented at the American Heart Association 's Scientific Sessions this week . Study : Caffeine affects teen boys more Study author Dr. Steven Lipshultz has handled cases involving children who became sick after consuming energy drinks . While studies about the impact of caffeine on children are limited , Lipshultz , a professor and chairman of pediatrics at Wayne State University , said adolescents can experience serious problems after drinking only 100 mg of caffeine . Younger children would feel effects after drinking even less , he said . Some energy drinks contain more than 300 mg of caffeine and it can come in a combination of pharmaceutical-grade caffeine and "  natural " additives . Earlier studies have shown caffeine combinations may cause more problems for people . Lipshultz said he believes the number of cases associated with energy drinks and children are higher than what 's reported in this study . That 's because parents of children who get sick after consuming too much caffeine do not always call the hot line ; they may go straight to the emergency room instead . The study did not look at those numbers . "  The reported data probably represent the tip of the iceberg , " Lipshultz said . "  This is a very concerning finding , " said Dr. Laurence Sperling . Sperling is the medical director of the preventive cardiology clinic at Emory Healthcare in Atlanta . "  It further points out that we need to be very responsible about who utilizes energy drinks , because they are potentially harmful to adults , but as this report points out , may be of greater concern to those who are young . " The Food and Drug Administration does not set a standard for what is considered a safe amount of caffeine for children . The American Academy of Pediatrics prefers children consume no caffeine , although about 73 % of children do every day , according to their research . Children and adolescents are the fastest growing population of caffeine users , studies show . Can you OD on caffeine ? For healthy adults , the FDA suggests moderate amounts of caffeine are not harmful . The agency considers a "  moderate amount " between 100 to 200 mg  one to two 5-ounce cups of coffee  . Other FDA guidance has cited 400 mg a day , or about four or five cups of coffee , "  as an amount not generally associated with dangerous , negative effects . " More than 600 mg a day is considered too much , according to the FDA , although the impact caffeine has on someone varies based on their size , their gender , or how sensitive they are to caffeine . The study 's researchers would like the government to improve the labeling of energy drinks . Energy drink makers are not required to list the amount of caffeine in a drink , because caffeine is not a nutrient , and the laws currently only require nutrients be listed in the dietary information on food or beverages . The American Beverage Association recommends that energy drink makers identify the quantity of caffeine from all sources . The association suggests listing this in a part of the label that is separate from the nutrition information . The association also suggests including the advisory "  not  intended/recommended  for children , pregnant or nursing women  and/or persons/those  sensitive to caffeine . " Monster Energy , for instance , added the caffeine content and warning to its labels in 2013 . But because this is not required by law , not all energy drink labels contain such warnings . In 2010 the FDA banned combination alcohol-and-energy drinks and calls to poison control centers for this particular combination fell sharply . Caffeine 101 "  We should consider appropriate labeling in light of this finding to help protect those who are consciously drinking the energy drinks , but also to protect those who may be drinking them unaware , " Sperling said . "  We need to consider these energy drinks and their potential effects on the heart and vasculature and recognize that they are not benign . "	40 % of "  energy drink exposure " calls to poison control centers are for children under 6 Study authors believe the number is under-counted The FDA does not set a caffeine limit for children
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- Let 's face it , footballers have a bad rep. They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them . This may in reality apply to some players , but definitely not all of them . In Lisbon I recently met many who truly enjoy being role models and were honored to take part in the 7th edition of the United Nations  UN  Match Against Poverty . This year , in light of the tragic earthquake in Haiti , all of the proceeds went to the devastated country as 55 thousand people filled the Stadium of Light to greet some of the best footballers on the planet , both past and present . The likes of Kaka , Thierry Henry , Luis Figo and Zinedine Zidane lent a hand to this cause . Organizers were hoping to raise over $ 750 000 and in ticket sales alone , that target was reached . Having the privilege to be behind the scenes at this match in my home country , I spoke with various players about their involvement in it . One of the most concerned about the plight of the Haitian people was Thierry Henry . The Barcelona forward , who made headlines for the wrong reasons after his controversial handball which helped prevent Ireland from attending the World Cup , had already personally pledged $ 90,000 to the French aid agency Medecins sans Frontieres . "  I am very touched by this tragedy and it is very good that everybody should mobilize in order to help Haiti , " Henry told his club side Barcelona 's official Web site . "  This touches me because almost 20 years ago something similar happened in  the French Caribbean island of  Guadeloupe and I know what the Haitians must be going through . I have many friends over there . Haiti is a former French colony and it 's as if we are cousins . " Henry showed true concern for a nation that needs all the help it can get to rebuild its infrastructure and its hope . Zidane , Kaka and Figo were others who told me they were shocked by some of the footage they saw coming out of Haiti . As the death toll rose , they felt they needed to do something to help , and were delighted so many high-profile names showed up . In all , some 40 international players participated in a match that was qualified as a success by all , including the former Arsenal striker . "  We must help them . I felt I should do something and that 's why I have decided to make a donation to Medecins sans Frontieres , " said the former Arsenal legend .	United Nations game in Lisbon raises over $ 750,000 for Haiti earthquake appeal French star Thierry Henry plays and personally donated over $ 90,000 Other leading stars such as Kaka , Luis Figo and Zinedine Zidane take part CNN 's Pedro Pinto reports Henry was shocked by the tragedy
CNN  -- Devastating floods in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state have killed more than 800 people , according to new government figures . State authorities said late Sunday that 809 people were killed after flooding and massive mudslides flattened houses and wiped out entire neighborhoods in hillside towns . The city of Nova Friburgo was the hardest hit , with at least 391 victims , Rio de Janeiro state government said . Are you there ? Share your stories , photos and videos The flooding , caused by days of torrential rains , has left thousands of people homeless throughout the state , according to the government 's tally . Other states in the South American country have also seen heavy rainfall . Earlier this month , authorities in neighboring Sao Paulo state said flooding had killed 24 people .	809 people were killed after flooding and massive mudslides , according to government figures Thousands of people are homeless throughout Rio de Janeiro state
CNN  -- An Ohio judge Friday classified as a sex offender one of two Steubenville , Ohio , teenagers convicted of raping a 16-year-old girl last year . Trent Mays , a former high school football player , must register every six months for 20 years with the sheriff and the county where he resides after he completes his sentence , Judge Thomas Lipps ruled , according to the court 's chief probation officer , Fred Abdalla Jr. . In March , Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond , 16 , were convicted after being tried as juveniles . Mays was also found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor . The assault of the girl was partially documented in texts , tweets and pictures posted to the Internet . Mays was sentenced to a minimum of two years in a juvenile correctional facility . Richmond was sentenced to a minimum of one year , but like Mays , he could be in detention until he is 21 . While Mays ' status was the subject of Friday 's hearing , no hearing date has been set for Richmond , according to Abdalla . The teens were accused of raping the girl during a series of end-of-summer parties in August 2012 . The case received widespread attention after a blogger who once lived in Steubenville uncovered some materials posted to social media sites . The blogger wrote about the possibility that the teenagers had been given preferential treatment because they played on the town 's highly regarded football team . Police have denied that claim . Later , the loosely organized hacker group Anonymous got involved , posting a lengthy video in which another teenager -- who has not been charged -- made joking references to the rape . The ensuing ire over the case brought national attention and criticism to the city from around the country , leaving city officials struggling to defend the community and residents weary of the media spotlight . HLN 's Kisa Mlela Santiago contributed to the report .	A judge rules Trent Mays should be classified as a sex offender Mays and Ma ` lik Richmond , high school football players , were convicted in March They were convicted of raping a 16-year-old girl last year The case , which involved social media , attracted worldwide attention on social media
CNN  -- Muslim community leaders in Australia say sectarian tensions are soaring , as radicalized Sunni youth , inspired by ISIS , seek to import the religious conflicts wracking the Middle East . "  The tensions are very high and will continue to be high , " said Jamal Daoud , a Shia community leader in Sydney , where a 47-year old Shia leader was shot in the shoulder early Monday morning , as worshipers observed the Shia ritual of Ashura . He said Rasoul Al Mousawi , a leader in the Shia community focused around the Islamic center in Greenacre , south-west Sydney , had been released from hospital on Tuesday and was doing well . The attack was only one incident in a string of attacks and threats against Shia Muslims by Sunni extremists who sympathized with ISIS , he claimed , and had followed an incident where a group of men had driven past the Islamic center , yelling comments such as "  IS lives forever " and "  Shia dogs " in Arabic . A security guard had also been attacked by a group of men who appeared to be followers of the austere Wahhabi tradition of Sunni Islam on Friday , he said . "  There 's high tension between Sunni and Shia , but these extremists , they threaten and attack Sunnis too , " he said . "  Anyone who speaks against the fighting in Syria and advocating the government to take action against people in Iraq and Syria -- they are threatened and attacked . " Jamal Rifi , a Sydney-based GP and Sunni community leader , agreed , saying sectarian tensions were at an unprecedented level as a result of the brutal Syrian conflict , and the appeal of ISIS to radicalized Sunni youth in Australia . "  This is the highest level I 've ever seen , and it 's been like this since Khaled Sharrouf got his son to hold up that severed head , " he said , referring to the notorious Australian ISIS jihadist who tweeted a picture of his seven-year-old son posing with the body parts of a dead fighter in August . ` Death cult influence ' On Tuesday , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters that "  it seems there is an ISIL death cult influence on this shooting in Sydney , " using an alternative name for the terror group . "  The important thing is for all of us to absolutely reject this death cult , " he said . Some Australian media reports suggested a leadership dispute at the Islamic center could have been the reason behind the attack , but Daoud rejected the notion , saying the dispute was being litigated in the courts and it was highly unlikely that it would take a violent turn . A New South Wales police spokesman said there was nothing to add beyond the police 's initial statement calling for public information on the shooting . Abbott 's government has been a strident supporter of U.S. efforts to combat the Sunni extremist group , which controls large swathes of Syria and Iraq . It has deployed jets and military troops in the fight , introduced controversial legislation to imprison Australians found to be fighting abroad or supporting terrorist actions , and conducted large-scale anti-terror raids , claiming to have disrupted a plot to kidnap and behead a random member of the public . Authorities believe around 60 Australians are fighting in the conflict in Syria and Iraq , with around 100 more working in support roles within Australia . But Daoud said he was yet to see the fruits of Abbott 's tough talk about reining in Australia 's radicalized Muslim youth . "  We thought a lot of the radical Islamic centers would be closed , well-known extremists would be rounded up and put behind bars , " he said . "  It 's all talk . " Doubly under fire Sectarian tensions were a new phenomenon for Australia 's Muslim community , said Rifi . During previous periods when Australian Muslims had felt under attack -- such as in the wake of the September 11 attacks , the Bali bombings or the Cronulla riots -- they had bonded together under a common identity . But now many in the community felt doubly under fire -- from sectarian agitators and from "  rednecks " in the wider public , said Daoud . Rifi said that from the early days of the Syrian conflict , Sunni extremists had inflamed community tensions by attempting to "  name and shame " businesses on social media that were run by members of Alawite sect , to which Syrian President Bashar al-Assad belongs . "  They will use any excuse to create division , " he said . Rifi said he remained optimistic . "  The forces that pull us apart are increasing in strength , but they are nowhere as strong as the forces that pull us together , " he said . But Daoud did not believe things would improve soon . "  It is a very tough time , and we expect it to become more tough , " he said .	Australian Muslim leaders say Sunni-Shia tensions are at a high They say ISIS sympathizers are behind threats and attacks on Shia and Alawites A 47-year old Shia community leader was shot in the shoulder early Monday morning Worshipers said a group had earlier driven by yelling "  IS lives forever " and "  Shia dogs "
CNN  -- Susan Boyle , a 48-year-old unemployed charity worker who became an international sensation after her audition for "  Britain 's Got Talent " in April , can now lay claim to a new achievement . Her debut CD , set to come out on November 23 , has become the most pre-ordered CD in the history of Amazon.com , the online retailer said Thursday . Eager fans began ordering copies of the CD , "  I Dreamed a Dream , " as soon as its release was announced late summer , pushing it to the top of the online retail chart ahead of Whitney Houston 's much-anticipated comeback CD . "  One of the things that is so unique about Susan Boyle is her ability to touch people around the world , " said Steve Barnett , the chairman of Columbia Records , in a statement . Before she sang during her audition in April , the unassuming single woman with a loose mop of curly hair drew snickers from the audience , including notoriously hard-to-please judge Simon Cowell . The scowls and eye-rolling were replaced by wild cheers as soon as she sang the first line of "  I Dreamed a Dream . " Even though she eventually lost out to a dance troupe in the TV competition , her pitch-perfect rendition of the "  Les Miserables " number catapulted her into an overnight sensation with a string of global television appearances .	Susan Boyle sets new record as Amazon.com 's most pre-ordered CD 48-year-old spinster wowed audiences on British talent show Became an overnight sensation after delivering pitch-perfect rendition of "  I Dreamed a Dream "
CNN  -- With the launch of an App Store for the Mac last week , Apple has proved that its all-in-one digital marketplace model -- so successful for the iPhone , iPod and iPad -- can flourish on old-fashioned laptop and desktop computers as well . Developers with software ready for the store 's January 6 opening were met with throngs of click-happy customers . Mac users have appeared eager to spend money on apps , even for software that was previously available on the Web and in brick-and-mortar stores . Downloads on the first day exceeded 1 million -- out of a pool of about 1,000 apps , Apple said . Distributed evenly , that works out to 1,000 downloads for each app , although name recognition and how Apple allocates promotion tend to skew results . But some development houses did gangbuster business . Scott Forstall , Apple 's vice president for iPhone software , said last year that the company 's iPad would spark "  a whole new gold rush for app developers , " a prediction that must now apply to the Mac store as well . App Store winners One big winner from the Mac App Store launch has been Evernote . The free note-taking app catalogs text and multimedia files ; synchronizes them over the internet to be accessed from phones , a website or desktop software ; and lets you search through them . Evernote was downloaded 90,000 times on the App Store 's opening day . That 's about a 10th of all apps purchased that day . It 's been consistently listed in the section of most popular apps . "  Having a well-formed app store is the most important part in getting attention , " Evernote CEO Phil Libin said . "  We were on the iPhone App Store since that launched as well . We 've kind of been through this once before , so we had pretty high expectations of what being in an app store means for getting attention . " The Mac App Store launch , Libin said , "  exceeded our expectations . " Being in the Mac App Store helped expose Evernote to 40,000 people who had never used it , he said . Evernote has also benefited from Apple 's promotional efforts in the store . It sometimes gets top billing in a rotating list of featured apps , similar to the top section of the iTunes Store . Apple spokeswoman Jacqueline Roy also listed Evernote among the top five "  must-have " apps , which is determined by consistent top performers in downloads and ratings . Another Mac App Store hit is SketchBook Express , No. 7 on the must-have list . Autodesk , the maker of that free drawing program , says the store "  effectively doubled " the number of people using the professional version of SketchBook on opening day . The company declined to provide exact figures . SketchBook Pro costs $ 30 on the Mac App Store , versus almost $ 70 on Amazon.com . It 's now among Apple 's highest-grossing apps . A lucrative business model Apple takes a 30 % cut of app sales , which makes its app stores a lucrative business for the company as well as developers . Because of this success , the stores are facing increased competition from Google 's popular Android Market , a forthcoming Amazon.com app store and other rivals . This week , Microsoft contested Apple 's trademark request for the term "  app store . " Free applications benefit from the app store exposure too , even though they do n't help Apple 's business as directly . For example , Twitter is also on the Apple must-have list . The social networking company launched on the store with its first official desktop client , based on work by the engineer who made the iPhone app . A Twitter spokeswoman said the company is "  pleased " with the results but declined to say how many times the free app had been downloaded . The App Store program is included as part of a software update for Mac computers running the newest version of the operating system , called Snow Leopard . Further enhancements to the app model will come as part of OS X Lion , which is scheduled to go on sale this summer . Previously , Mac software could be found on vendors ' websites or in stores  in cardboard boxes , no less ; how quaint  . For developers , submitting an application to Apple for sale in the Mac App Store can be easier than getting their software on a retailer 's shelf , which can require complex business deals . It is also easier to sell through an established app store than through a developer 's own website , which can require building payment mechanisms and systems for licensing customers ' copies . Mac owners like the store because it makes software easier to find , manages what 's been downloaded , makes it easy to move apps between computers and provides alerts when a new version is available . Some software makers complain that Apple 's rules about what it will accept are too stringent and that the company takes too big a cut of revenue . But Apple does n't bar developers from distributing their wares in other locations on the Web . Pros and cons But are these early success stories sustainable ? Caffeine , a simple utility that helps prevent the computer from automatically going into sleep mode  get it ?  , did exceedingly well early on . The app has been downloaded more than 135,000 times . About one-third of those sales came on launch day ; as for other apps , they have tapered somewhat since . While daily downloads are decreasing steadily for Caffeine at a pace of about 30 % per day , the app continues to attract new customers at a rate several times greater than anytime since it came out four years ago . "  The App Store opens up the opportunity to sell 99-cent apps , which was previously not really feasible , and I think that could bring a lot of new smaller apps , " Caffeine developer Tomas Franzen said . "  It 's a lot easier when they handle hosting and payment for you . "  I 'd say I 'm a believer " in the app-store model , he wrote . "  The App Store makes downloaded software easy for regular people , and it turns out there are a lot of regular people out there ! " However , not every company has the Midas touch for launching app stores . Google , which produced a hit with its Android Market , has drummed up minimal interest in its Chrome Web Store . Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales is n't sold on the app-store concept . At an event in England , Wales spoke out against the idea of app stores , calling them "  a threat to a diverse and open ecosystem , " according to blog reports . A magic formula ? But many developers seem convinced that Apple has hit on the right formula . Scott Gilbert had been planning to build a weather-report app for the iPad or iPhone . The product manager for Swackett immediately changed course when he heard Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveil plans for the Mac App Store in October . "  There 's so much competition in the regular App Store , " Gilbert said of Apple 's mobile software store and its 300,000 apps . "  I thought if we could be there on day one in the Mac App Store , we could rise above the noise . " And they did . Swackett was on track to get 100,000 downloads in its first week . The developers are making money from ads , which had been shown 2 million times in six days . "  We would not have come out with a Mac app first if not for the  Mac  App Store , " Gilbert said . And for the 61-person team at Evernote , the App Store is something of a blessing . "  We do n't have experts here that think about logistics or channels or distribution or advertising , " said Libin , the Evernote CEO . Evernote had the distribution method in place on its site , but that was created out of necessity , said Libin , who was happy to let Apple take the reins on managing server infrastructure and promotion . "  Before , you used to make a great product , but no one would ever get it or use it or be able to buy it , " he said . "  The app stores have made the software business more of a meritocracy than it 's ever been , which really favors geeks like us . "	Apple launched the Mac App Store a week ago , spawning success stories Like App Stores for other platforms , it 's a central place for finding and managing apps The store was met with 1 million downloads in its first day
CNN  -- The patient slammed his fist on the table in Dr. Otis Brawley 's office . "  Dammit , I 'm American , " Brawley remembers him saying . "  You ca n't tell me I have prostate cancer and that we 're just going to ` watch it . ' " Brawley is the chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society , a world-renowned cancer expert and practicing oncologist . If you 're going to get someone 's opinion on a cancer diagnosis or course of treatment , he 's a good choice . And in this case , he was recommending no treatment . It 's a scenario that may happen more as science reveals cancer 's secrets , the biggest one being that what we now call cancer maybe should n't be called cancer at all . "  The word ` cancer ' often invokes the specter of an inexorably lethal process , " a working group for the National Cancer Institute wrote in a recent recommendation . "  However , cancers are heterogeneous and can follow multiple paths , not all of which progress to metastases and death . " Basically , cancer is scary , but some kinds may be more boogeyman-in-the-closet scary than serial killer scary . To understand fully , you have to look at the history of cancer diagnosis , Brawley says . In the 1850s , a group of German pathologists did some of the first biopsies on people who had clearly died of cancer . They took samples of their tumors and decided what breast cancer looks like , what lung cancer looks like , etc. . Today , Brawley says , there is a patient who has a lesion that 's approximately 5 millimeters in diameter -- smaller than a pea . There 's a doctor taking a biopsy of that lesion and a pathologist who 's analyzing the sample using 21st-century technology . The problem , Brawley says , is that they 're still comparing the samples to the cancer definition that was created more than 150 years ago . "  He 's going , ` This looks just like what those Germans said is breast cancer , ' " Brawley said of the pathologist . "  But it 's 5 millimeters in size . What killed the woman 160 years ago had spread all throughout her body . " We all harbor abnormalities , says H. Gilbert Welch , Dartmouth professor of medicine and author of the book "  Overdiagnosed : Making People Sick in the Pursuit of Health . " And new technology is increasingly able to find these abnormalities . When we do , our inclination is to act , even when the remedy turns out to be far more harmful than the disease would have been , had it run its course . There is a growing consensus , backed by mounting scientific evidence , that Americans tend to be overtested , overdiagnosed and overtreated across a variety of conditions . Some experts estimate that unnecessary interventions account for 10 % to 30 % of U.S. health care spending . Part of the problem is our medical culture , Welch says . The physician may be engaging in what is known as "  defensive medicine , " which entails ordering tests to guard against malpractice suits , should something go awry . There may also be perverse economic incentives at play -- that is , in a fee-for-service system , doctors are compensated for the quantity of tests and procedures they order . But a recent study of physicians with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs found that salaried physicians who received no income from an increased volume of services and who had limited liability concerns ordered as many heart stress tests deemed "  unnecessary " as doctors in more traditional settings . The researchers theorized that the doctors had "  an exaggerated perception of benefit " of the tests . In an editor 's note on the study , Dr. Deborah Grady observed that while the study sample was small , "  neverthless , it suggests that the culture of overdoing is ingrained . " Simply put , physicians are trained to think that the way you take care of people is to "  find stuff and to take care of that stuff , " Welch says . Patients are n't exactly helping the issue , either . Energized by public awareness cancer campaigns , many patients have been empowered to find cancer early through screening and to intervene as soon as possible , Welch observes . "  To raise awareness and to get people to participate in screening , we have to whip up fear ; we must introduce a bit of ` dis-ease ' into the population , " he said . "  In a way , we have to make them feel as if the world may be a more dangerous place and that they ought to be worried about their future . " Brawley 's patient , the one he refused to treat , eventually found another doctor who would treat his prostate cancer . "  Patients will doctor-shop until they get what they want , " Brawley said . It 's an issue many people have difficulty wrapping their heads around : Some patients who are diagnosed with cancer do not need to be treated , because that cancer is never going to bother them . The problem is that we do n't know who those people are . "  There is a lot of work and research in this area in trying to better characterize which tumors will matter , " Welch said . The National Cancer Institute working group made several recommendations for the medical community in addressing cancer overdiagnosis and overtreatment . One was a change in the terminology doctors use to talk about cancer , especially when the cells they 've found may not be dangerous . "  Use of the term ` cancer ' should be reserved for describing lesions with a reasonable likelihood of lethal progression if left untreated , " they wrote . They also noted that the public should be made aware that overdiagnosis is common in cancer screening . Doctors know that approximately 10 % of localized lung cancer tumors and 20 % to 30 % of localized breast cancer tumors that are found through screening would never cause harm , Brawley says . "  That tumor would just stay there : never grow , never spread . " The rate is even higher for prostate cancer at 60 % . But is n't screening used to catch some aggressive cancers in people that we would otherwise see too late to treat ? Some overdiagnosis is acceptable , Brawley says . "  We cure and treat some people who do n't need to be treated . And in return , we save some lives . " But screening has its own dangers . Whenever you test a population , you will have some false positives . For example , if a woman is told that her mammogram is abnormal , that diagnosis might be straightened out days or weeks later , and she might find out that she does not have cancer . The diagnosis will create anxiety and lead to additional unnecessary testing . Good health is more than absence of physical abnormality ; it 's also a state of mind , experts say . "  In my experience , it 's not the diagnosis of cancer which really kills people , " said Ezekiel Emanuel , a former oncologist , vice provost for global initiatives and chairman of the Department of Medical Ethics and Health Policy at the University of Pennsylvania . "  It 's the uncertainty . " The National Cancer Institute group recommended reducing the frequency of some screening examinations , focusing that screening on high-risk groups  e.g. screening smokers for lung cancer  and raising the requirements that would lead to a biopsy or other follow up care . "  We 've been taught that cancer is a terrible thing and the way to deal with it always is to find it early and cut it out , " Brawley said . "  We 're starting to realize that that is not true in all cases . " Childhood cancer survivors have significant chronic disease	National Cancer Institute scientists say the word "  cancer " is sometimes misleading Not everyone who is diagnosed with cancer should be treated , experts say Unnecessary tests and treatment may account for 10 % to 30 % of health care spending
CNN  -- In the latest blow to militants , the French military said Wednesday it has seized the airport in Kidal , the last major town under rebel control in northern Mali . If the forces secure the town , it will be the last major city in their sweep north to flush out Islamist militants in Mali , France 's former colony . Read more : Why Mali matters ? France sent its troops at Mali 's request after the Islamists seized the strategic town of Konna on January 10 . The town is back under Malian control . In addition , French-led troops now control Timbuktu and Gao cities , and the swath in between that was an Islamist stronghold for almost a year , the French Defense Ministry said this week . CNN iReport : Timbuktu on my mind Life trickled back to normal in Timbuktu , the ancient desert city and home to world-famous cultural sites . "  We are winning in Mali , " French President Francois Hollande said Monday . France , which is leading the offensive , has 2,150 soldiers in Mali and 1,000 more troops supporting the operation from elsewhere . The United States has also stepped up its involvement in the conflict by conducting aerial refueling missions on top of the intelligence and airlift support . What 's behind the instability in Mali ? The United Kingdom said it is prepared to provide 240 troops to provide military training support , but will not take part in combat . Up to 40 of those troops will be deployed to a European Union military training mission in Mali and the rest in English-speaking West African countries . The nations are teaming up to prevent the Islamists from turning the once peaceful democracy into a haven for international terrorists . As nations pledge more help , additional funds streamed in as well . Among the donors , Japan pledged $ 120 million , the United States $ 96 million pending congressional approval and the European Union just over $ 67 million . Read more : U.S. steps up involvement in Mali Senegal , Nigeria and Ghana pledged $ 3 million each , and China and India pledged $ 1 million each . Islamic extremists carved out a large portion in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup . They banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the region . More than 380,000 people fled northern Mali in the past year , the United Nations says . But with the French-led offensive sending the militants on the run , residents once again roamed the streets without fear . Villagers chanted "  Mali ! Mali ! " as a column of military vehicles drove through Gao over the weekend . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	It is the last major town in the sweep to flush out Islamist militants Control of the airport comes days after troops seized Timbuktu and Gao cities "  We are winning in Mali , " French President Francois Hollande says The French-led offensive started January 10
Atlanta  CNN  -- Natina Reed , one-third of the early 2000s R&B trio Blaque , was struck by a vehicle and killed Friday night in Georgia , Gwinnett County police said Saturday . Reed , 32 , was walking in traffic on a major roadway just north of the metro Atlanta city of Lilburn "  for some unknown reason " when she was struck around 10:30 p.m. , according to Gwinnett police spokesman Sgt. Rich Long . The driver of the vehicle , who was not charged in the incident , called 911 while the passenger administered CPR . Reed was pronounced dead at Gwinnett Medical Center . Blaque , best known for the 2000 hit "  Bring it All to Me , " was discovered by TLC 's Lisa "  Left Eye " Lopes . The group 's self-titled album debuted in 1999 . Lopes herself died in a 2002 car accident in Honduras . Fellow Blaque members Shamari Devoe and Brandi Williams took to Twitter on Saturday to remember Reed . "  My world as I know it has forever changed . Until we meet again , may you find comfort in the arms of an angel . I love you Natina , " Devoe tweeted . Reed also appeared in the 2000 movie "  Bring it On " as Jenelope , a feisty cheerleader from East Compton . Her co-star , Gabrielle Union , also tweeted about her death Saturday , posting " #RIP #Sad #BringItOn . " Reed is survived by her 10-year-old son , Tren . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Natina Reed was walking "  for some unknown reason " on a highway in metro Atlanta She was struck by a vehicle and pronounced dead at a local hospital Reed also appeared in the 2000 movie "  Bring It On "
CNN  -- Mannequins hanging from nooses on two Las Vegas billboards Wednesday were part of an apparent publicity stunt that led to dozens of calls from drivers on their morning commute , the Nevada Highway Patrol said . The dummies were dressed in business suits and hung from signs reading "  Dying for work " and "  Hope you 're happy Wall St. " It was n't immediately clear who was behind the stunt . See more photos of the dummies One mannequin dangled above Interstate 15 near the intersection with U.S. 95 downtown , Trooper Jeremie Elliott of the Nevada Highway Patrol told CNN . The other hung from a billboard about a mile from the famed Las Vegas Strip , he said . July jobs report : Hiring picks up , unemployment rises Both highways are some of the most highly traveled roadways during commuter hours , he said . Elliott called it a "  clear case of vandalism " and said the owners of the billboards had not sold the ad space to anyone . "  Somebody vandalized the sign to do that , " Elliott said . Despite the flurry of calls from commuters , Elliott said the signs led to no accidents on the freeways . "  If there would have been , our involvement would be much deeper , " he said . The first calls came in at 6:30 a.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  , Elliott said . Lamar Advertising , which owns one of the billboards , removed one of the mannequins a couple of hours later ; code enforcement officials from Clark County removed the second one , Elliott said . What would be your reaction if you saw this during your morning commute ? Let us know in the comments below .	Mannequins dangled from two billboards during the morning commute It 's not clear who was behind the stunt The dummies were removed a couple of hours later The Nevada Highway Patrol calls it vandalism
CNN  -- No team has ever retained the Champions League title since the competition was revamped in 1992 -- but perhaps , finally , this will be the year . Karim Benzema ensured Real Madrid 's place in the last-16 by firing his side to a 1-0 win over Liverpool to make it four wins from four . The France international netted a 27th minute winner after Real was made to work hard against a much-changed visiting side . Cristiano Ronaldo , who wasted a number of opportunities , was left frustrated after failing to overturn Raul 's Champions League goals record . Ronaldo remains on 70 , one behind Raul , while his chief rival , Barcelona 's Lionel Messi , plays tomorrow . Messi , who has 69 , faces Ajax in Amsterdam on Wednesday and could leapfrog the Portugal star . Real 's 12th successive victory was more labored than most would have expected given the side 's previous encounter . A fortnight ago , Real rolled into Anfield , a venue where it had never managed a victory , and blew LIverpool away within first 41 minutes of the contest . Led by Ronaldo , Real scored three times in the first half before playing out the remainder of the contest in second gear . Since then , Real has continued its fine form , defeating Barcelona in the Clasico and extending its winning streak to 11 games in succession . Its fortunes could scarcely be any more different to those of Liverpool , a club whose season is already in danger of unraveling . Since the departure of Luis Suarez to Barcelona , Liverpool , which finished second in the Premier League last season , has endured a dismal period in which the success of last year appears nothing but a distant memory . Defeat by Newcastle last weekend left Liverpool 12 points behind leader Chelsea after just 10 games with the pair set to meet at Anfield on Saturday . Brendan Rodgers , the manager , has come in for criticism with a number of his preseason signings failing to impress . One of those , Mario Balotelli , has been heavily criticized , unfairly for the most part , though his failure to score a Premier League goal in any of his eight appearances has raised concern . At the Bernabeu , where Real had not tasted defeat in its previous 19 Champions League matches , Liverpool stepped out as heavy underdogs . Rodgers , wary of the importance of Sunday 's clash with Chelsea , omitted several of his regulars from the starting line-up . Steven Gerrard , the long-serving captain and undisputed leader , was left on the bench alongside the stellar talent of Raheem Sterling and the aforementioned Balotelli . For a club such as Liverpool , a five-time champion and one of the proudest and most distinguished clubs in European football , this was some statement . For four years Liverpool had sought to be part of this elite competition and yet , at the home of arguably Europe 's greatest club , it named a team which appeared something of a gamble . Kolo Toure , 33 , was recalled in central defense , while Fabio Borini , the striker who came close to leaving Liverpool in August , started the contest in attack . For Real , boasting its full array of ` Galacticos ' , this was a game which was supposed to be a mere procession . Just three minutes had elapsed before Simon Mignolet , the Liverpool goalkeeper , was called into action , pushing away James Rodriguez 's fine effort which threatened to sail into the far corner . The Belgium international , who has been prone to mistakes on a number of occasions this season , then denied Ronaldo as the home team began to find its rhythm . Liverpool , without so many first team regulars , may have been expected to fold meekly and yet , for the opening 20 minutes at least , it showed the kind of energy which has seldom been seen so far this season . But there was nothing it could do when Real did eventually take the lead through the prolific Benzema . The France international , whose brace at Anfield put Liverpool to the sword a fortnight ago , found space at the far post and expertly tucked home Marcelo 's pinpoint cross . Both Benzema and Ronaldo squandered further opportunities before the interval as Liverpool somehow managed to remain in contention . The second half followed a similar pattern with Real dominating possession , though it seldom managed to find a way past a solid Liverpool defense . Benzema flashed an effort wide of the far post and Ronaldo 's free kick stung the palms of Mignolet , but Liverpool coped admirably . Adam Lallana 's drive , which flashed wide of the far post , ensured Real could n't rest on its laurels , though the visiting side barely registered as an attacking force . Gareth Bale , a 62nd substitute , crashed an effort against the crossbar , but Real held out comfortably to book its place in the last-16 . While Real is through to the next stage , Liverpool will probably need to win its final two games against Swiss side Basel and Bulgarian team Ludogorets to qualify . "  We had the courage to play and I 'm very proud of the team tonight , " Rodgers told ITV . "  We showed wonderful composure . "  I knew what I was doing . I knew what the team would be tonight . We are disappointed with the result but there are many positives tonight . Some of the young players did very well . "  There 's every chance of us qualifying still . We always thought it would come down to the last game and it is in our hands . " Liverpool has three points from its four matches and has not scored in the competition since the opening round . Basel , which overcame Ludogorets of Bulgaria 4-0 , sits three points ahead of Liverpool and has already beaten the Premier League side in the competition this season . Dortmund cruise Elsewhere , Borussia Dortmund booked its place in the next round with a 4-1 win over Galatasaray . But Arsenal will have to wait after somehow managing to throw away a three-goal lead to draw 3-3 with Anderlecht . Mikel Arteta 's penalty and Alexis Sanchez 's strike gave Arsenal a halftime lead before Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain added a third after 58 minutes . The home side looked certain to claim its place in the next round but perhaps it had not expected what was to follow . Anthony Vanden Borre netted a 61st minute penalty before adding a second soon after . And in the final minute of the contest , Aleksandar Mitrovic stunned those inside Emirates Stadium by plundering a dramatic equalizer . "  We had some bad luck , the first goal was offside but we had a lack of concentration and thought the game was won , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told Sky Sports . "  Overall we were poor defensively from the first to the last minute . At 3-2 you have to secure yourself and we were not cautious enough . It was very poor defending . "  Am I angry or disappointed ? Both . " Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free kick as Juventus secured a 3-2 victory over Olympiakos . Pirlo , making his 100th Champions League appearance , opened the scoring in Turin with Paul Pogba netting a 66th minute winner . "  It was a very important game for us tonight , we had to win and we did it , " Pogba told Uefa.com . "  I am happy with my goal , but I am happier for the result . " In the night 's other games , Atletico Madrid won 2-0 at Malmo , Benfica defeated Monaco 1-0 and Bayer Leverkusen claimed an impressive 2-1 victory at Zenit Saint Petersburg .	Real Madrid qualifies for last-16 of Champions League Karim Benzema scores only goal against Liverpool Andrea Pirlo scores on 100th Champions League appearance Borussia Dortmund qualify for knockout phase
CNN  -- Los Angeles Galaxy star David Beckham will be leaving the team after its MLS Cup game December 1 , team officials announced Monday . The famed English midfielder joined the Galaxy in 2007 , raising the profile of Major League Soccer in the United States and helped lead the team to the league title in 2011 . Monday 's announcement comes 10 months after he signed a new two-year contract with the team , turning his back on a number of offers from leading European clubs . The statement gave no indication where Beckham was headed , but in a statement released by the team , he said he "  wanted to experience one last challenge before the end of my playing career . " "  I do n't see this as the end of my relationship with the league as my ambition is to be part of the ownership structure in the future , " he added . Beckham has played six seasons with Los Angeles . The team played in the MLS playoffs four times during his tenure and reached the league title game three times , including the upcoming rematch against the Houston Dynamo . The 37-year-old had a celebrated career playing for Manchester United and Real Madrid and captained the England national team before coming to America . He sought a spot on the British Olympic football team this year , but failed to make the cut . He has been a global icon of the sport for years , inspiring the 2002 movie "  Bend It Like Beckham . " He 's also been a hot item off the field as a model and as the husband of former Spice Girls singer and fashionista Victoria Beckham . He is also a UNICEF ambassador . "  When David Beckham signed with the LA Galaxy in 2007 , he set out to help grow MLS and the sport of soccer in North America , " MLS Commissioner Don Garber said in the statement announcing Beckham 's departure . "  There is no doubt that MLS is far more popular and important here and abroad than it was when he arrived . " Beckham writes about childhood nutrition Beckhams may have been hacking victims	Superstar David Beckham leaving L.A. Galaxy , destination undisclosed The famed English midfielder boosted the sport 's U.S. profile Beckham says he needs "  one last challenge , " speaks of future in ownership
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York authorities indicted seven people accused of running a prostitution ring on the Web site Craigslist , the state 's attorney general announced Wednesday . Craigslist is replacing its "  erotic services " listings with ads that are screened by the site 's employees . Attorney General Andrew Cuomo 's office said the group ran a 24-hour prostitution ring called Room Service Entertainment from Craigslist 's erotic services section from June 2007 to December 2008 . The 47-count indictment unsealed Wednesday named the company 's co-owners as Scott Rosenberg , 45 , and Josef Davenport , 31 . Five women also were named in the indictment , identified as bookers for the alleged prostitution ring . The five women named in the indictment were identified as Patricia Krupa , Joanna Mercado , Sylvia Soto , Lina Vazquez and Barbara Morris . It was not immediately known if those charged had hired legal counsel . Five of the defendants appeared in court Wednesday afternoon , Cuomo 's office said . Authorities are still searching for two , who have not yet been arrested . It was not immediately clear which two had not been arrested . Craigslist , an online classified-ad site , was the "  sole vehicle through which the company operated , " Cuomo 's office said . Room Service Entertainment posted advertisements for its services every day on Craigslist 's erotic services section , the indictment said . The bookers for the company "  continuously created and posted prostitution advertisements on Craigslist 's erotic services section because the more current the post , the more prominently the ad was featured on Craigslist , " the statement from Cuomo 's office said . The advertisements contained either a pornographic or semipornographic photograph and a phone number to call to "  arrange a date . " The bookers used codes for its services when potential "  johns " called : "  GFE " for "  girlfriend experience " or "  skiing " and "  rock climbing " for drugs , Cuomo 's office said . While Room Service Entertainment was running , it employed 10 drivers and 16 prostitutes on "  any given day , " according to the indictment . Over the course of its existence , 20 to 30 prostitutes and drivers were employed by Room Service Entertainment , the indictment said . The "  johns " paid for sex by cash or by credit card , and Room Service Entertainment masked the credit card transactions through a Chase merchant account , the indictment alleged . The charges were purported to be for magicians , clowns , balloons or disc jockeys , it said . If convicted on the top count of enterprise corruption , all could face up to 25 years in prison , Cuomo 's office said . "  Until Craigslist gets serious about putting real protections in place , it will continue to be an environment where criminal operations thrive with impunity , " Cuomo said in a written statement . "  Even after so-called reform of the Web site last fall , this prostitution ring easily gamed the system and allegedly used Craigslist to spread its illegal operation throughout all five boroughs and beyond . " Craigslist chief executive Jim Buckmaster released a statement saying the activities took place in 2008 , "  well before Craigslist eliminated erotic services and commenced manual screening of all ads posted to adult services . " Craigslist representatives met in New York last week the attorneys general of Connecticut , Missouri and Illinois , all of whom asked the company to shut down its "  erotic services " sections in their states . Following the meeting Craigslist said it would replace its controversial "  erotic services " listings with a new section where sex-related ads will be checked by Craigslist employees before posting . Buckmaster said the new measures have driven the advertisements to other services .	Officials : Group ran a 24-hour prostitution ring from June 2007 to December 2008 Jury hands down 47-count indictment for Room Service Entertainment Indictment : Group employed 10 drivers and 16 prostitutes on "  any given day " If convicted of enterprise corruption , all could face up to 25 years in prison
CNN  -- A little boy named Jack , adopted from Russia several years ago as a toddler , celebrated Father 's Day this year with his family in my home state of Minnesota . Jack is now 8 . Across the ocean , his little brother Teddy , 5 , did n't even know it was Father 's Day . He simply woke up and lived yet another day of his life in a state orphanage , dreaming of his brother and the parents he met last year , knowing that they are waiting for him in a home somewhere far away . Jack 's parents found out about Teddy too late to adopt the two brothers together . But as soon as they learned about Teddy , they knew they would adopt him , too . They were still in the midst of a drawn-out , three-year process to adopt Teddy when on December 28 , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law a ban on all American adoptions of Russian orphans . The news of the ban devastated hundreds of children and families like Jack and Teddy 's . Dozens of families were only days or weeks away from flying to Russia for the final court date that would have allowed them to bring their child home . Many of these families have shown me pictures of these children they already love so much . These are children who have known only the life of an orphanage since birth and whose disabilities make it unlikely that Russian families will adopt them . These orphans now sit and wait , clinging to photos of their American parents , asking when their mama and papa will come for them . According to the United Nations Children 's Fund , 740,000 children live in Russia without parental care . The Russian Ministry of Science and Education estimates that 110,000 of these children live in state orphanages . In contrast , only 7,400 domestic adoptions took place in Russia in 2011 , with an additional 3,400 adoptions of Russian children by families from abroad . These numbers are tragic . For an orphan , there is no substitute for a family . Not even the best orphanage can provide a child what a loving mother and father can . Staff , not parents , run orphanages . And despite any government 's best intentions , hunger , neglect , extreme heat and cold and other forms of deprivation are common features of institutional life . But even more crushing is the lack of security , connection and deep emotional bonds that can grow only within a family . Children who grow up in orphanages tell stories of never having heard the words "  I love you " and never receiving a single spontaneous hug throughout their childhood . A government can pay someone to wash and feed children , but it can not pay someone to love them . Children with disabilities face an even bleaker fate . For a host of reasons , children with disabilities are rarely if ever adopted in Russia and elsewhere . Because of the harsh realities of institutional life -- limited staff ; scant resources for food , utilities and other needs ; little to no medical care -- a large percentage of orphans with disabilities do not even survive childhood . This means that for children with Down syndrome , cerebral palsy , blindness , deafness or other disabilities , being adopted by an American family may be the only chance they will have not only to receive specialized therapy and life-saving medical care but to know the unconditional love , acceptance and joy of being a cherished member of something special called family . It is these orphaned children -- the weakest of the most vulnerable -- whom the Russian adoption ban has punished . In June , I traveled to Russia with a bipartisan congressional delegation , taking part in meetings related to national security in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings . We also made it a point to reiterate our profound hope that the Russian government will reconsider the adoption ban , and at the very least , allow for the completion of the cases for the children and families who were near the end of the adoption process . I emphasized in these meetings our desire to provide whatever post-placement reports and information might be necessary to provide the Russian government their desired assurances of the well-being of adopted children . I 've also introduced a bipartisan resolution emphasizing much of the above , and most importantly calling on Russia to remember that every child deserves to be in a loving , protective and permanent family . I am confident that House leadership will move this legislation forward and that President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry will proactively reaffirm our commitment to building a better future for every child in desperate need of a family . Even in the complicated tides of modern political life , the weakest and most vulnerable members of society must never be forgotten or cast aside . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michele Bachmann .	Michele Bachmann : Russia should lift its ban on American adoptions of Russian orphans Bachmann : For an orphan , there is no substitute for a family and parental love She says Russia 's ban is punishing the weakest of the most vulnerable of its society Bachmann : I 've introduced a bipartisan resolution urging Russia to reconsider ban
CNN  -- The parents of Trayvon Martin joined thousands of Americans at more than 100 scheduled vigils in cities nationwide demanding Saturday what they described as justice for their 17-year-old son , who was shot dead last year . "  It 's overwhelming , " Tracy Martin told CNN at a rally in Miami attended by hundreds of supporters , many of whom chanted , "  No Peace ! No Justice ! " "  It sends a message to the nation that we 're not going to sit back and let our children be killed and do n't say anything about it . " Surveying the crowd , he said , "  This is what keeps us going -- all of these people that are out here to support us : white , black , brown . There 's a mixture of people . Everybody is out to support not only Trayvon , but their children as well . " Last week , a jury in Sanford , Florida , found neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman not guilty of second-degree murder in the 2012 killing outside Tracy Martin 's house . Zimmerman , a white Hispanic , said he fired in self defense after Trayvon Martin attacked him . The unarmed teen was carrying a soda and a bag of candy . On Friday , President Barack Obama said Trayvon Martin "  could have been my son ... could have been me , 35 years ago . " He also encouraged more attention to racial profiling and "  stand your ground " laws . Obama : ` Trayvon Martin could have been me ' Tracy Martin said Saturday the president 's remarks "  touched our heart . " "  We admire the president for stepping up and doing that because it sends a message to the world that this could have been anybody 's child and there 's no exceptions as to whose child it could have been , " he said . "  We have to do something to corral the senseless violence . " Martin predicted he would never recover from the death , but said , "  We 're moving forward now . " During his remarks to the crowd , Martin teared up , saying about his son , "  He did nothing wrong and we 're not going to let them persecute him the way that they have . " In New York , Trayvon Martin 's mother Sybrina Fulton was to be joined by her surviving son Jahvaris Fulton and the Rev. Al Sharpton . "  God is healing my heart this very moment , " Sybrina Fulton said in a tweet . "  But as I watch so many people come together , he reminds me that we have a lot of work to do . " Sharpton and the National Action Network are urging the Justice Department to consider criminal civil rights charges against Zimmerman . In Los Angeles , where violence broke out after the verdict in Zimmerman 's favor , the tone was upbeat and peaceful on Saturday . Hundreds of people had assembled by 9 a.m. outside the federal courthouse to underscore their message "  that , as a community , we need to come together and we need to support justice for Trayvon , " said Donna Wade , one of the demonstrators . "  That we need to do it in a peaceful manner . " Are you at a rally ? Share photos , video Journalist David Simpson contributed to this report .	Obama 's comments "  touched our heart , " says Tracy Martin "  God is healing my heart , " says Trayvon Martin 's mother "  It sends a message to the nation , " says Trayvon Martin 's father
London -- Canada and Britain announced Thursday that they have rejected the authority of self-proclaimed President Laurent Gbagbo to make any decision regarding their representatives . Britain noted it has recognized Alassane Ouattara as the democratically elected president of Ivory Coast , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said . "  It recognizes the legitimacy of statements made by or on behalf of his government , " the statement said . "  The British government does not accept the validity of statements made by others . " A spokeswoman for Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office said the statement was issued "  in response to reports in the press that our high commissioner has been de-recognized . " Britain 's representative to Ivory Coast , Nick Westcott , lives in Ghana , she said . Canada 's representative was also de-recognized by Gbagbo 's representatives . But Canada 's minister of foreign affairs , Lawrence Cannon , said in a statement that he has not received a request from "  the legitimate government of Mr. Alassane Ouattara " to end the ambassador 's functions in Ivory Coast . "  Canada does not recognize Laurent Gbagbo 's claim to government , " Cannon said . "  As such his request is illegitimate . We will continue to urge Laurent Gbagbo to cede power to President Ouattara who has been recognized internationally as the legitimate president of Cote D'Ivoire following the November 28 elections . " Independent election observers and the international community have recognized Ouattara as the winner of last November 's runoff election . But Gbagbo , who has called for a recount , refuses to step down .	Britain says it has recognized Alassane Ouattara as president of Ivory Coast Official : "  Canada does not recognize Laurent Gbagbo 's claim to government " Announcement comes after British , Canadian envoys were rejected by Gbagbo officials
CNN  -- One bee after you is bad enough . What about thousands ? A man in Arizona died after being stung more than an estimated 100 times . An exterminator said based on the size of the hive , there were about 800,000 bees . Douglas Fire Chief Mario Novoa said his department answered a call Wednesday morning and when the crew arrived they found five people stung by bees and the bees still swarming . Deadly giant hornets kill 42 people in China While some of the emergency responders treated the victims , other firefighters went around the neighborhood warning residents to close their windows and stay inside . Two of the victims were stung many times , the chief said . One of the men died later . He has not been identified and the chief did n't know what the other man 's condition was . Novoa said an exterminator found a 3-foot by 8-foot hive on an eave of a house . To get to the hive , the exterminator had to cut through part of the ceiling of the house . Africanized bee swarm kills Texas man The 90-year-old owner of the home was n't injured . "  We get calls about bees fairly often but I 've never seen anything to this extent . This is the first time we have recorded a death in our community from bees , " Novoa said . Douglas is near the border with Mexico , about a two-hour drive from Tucson .	Two men stung probably 100 times , Arizona fire chief says Three other people also stung by huge swarm Exterminator finds huge hive 8 feet wide
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova battled to a three-set victory over American qualifier Alison Riske to reach the final of the WTA tournament in Birmingham on Saturday . The two-time winner at the Edgbastion Priory club will now play top seed Li Na , who was also taken to three sets before beating France 's Aravane Rezai 6-1 3-6 6-3 . The 19-year-old Riske had never won a match in a main WTA tour event before the pre-Wimbledon warm-up tournament , but did well to hit back after losing the first set to level with a 6-4 second set win . But former world number one Sharapova was not to be denied and swept through the decider 6-1 to earn a rematch with China star Li , who beat her in the semifinals last year . "  It 'll be good to play her again , " Sharapova told the official WTA Tour Web site . "  A year makes a big difference . I certainly do n't like losing to the same person twice in a row -- I 'm a big competitor . " Li , who lost in last year 's final to Magdalena Rybarikova , said she suffered from a lapse of concentration against the fourth-seeded Rezai , but recovered to earn another meeting with Sharapova . She will be bidding for her career third title on the WTA Tour and first since the Gold Coast in 2008 , but aside from her 2009 win over Sharapova in Birmingham last year has lost their other five meetings .	Maria Sharapova into final of WTA Tour event in Birmingham Russian superstar will play Li Na of China in Sunday 's showdown Sharapova taken to three sets by American qualifier Alison Riske
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is showing his softer side . The man who was known in his first term for his cool , detached style has been crying , repeatedly . It started the day after his re-election when a teary and happy president told campaign volunteers , "  I 'm so proud of you guys . " A month later he was overcome by grief as he wept openly in the White House briefing room after the Newtown , Connecticut , shootings . There were tears again during a heroes ceremony for Newtown victims , and while delivering remarks about Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The evolution of the nation 's ` first gay president ' Second-term Obama is not just showing his emotions , he 's sharing them , too -- laughing with the Miami Heat at the White House and telling people in a Chicago audience that they 're in the area where "  Michelle and I fell in love . " The president 's biographer attributes the shift to a new sense of freedom from winning a second term . "  I think we 've all seen , actually since the day after his re-election a more relaxed Barack Obama , really something that took a lifetime for him to get to this point , " David Maraniss said . "  We 've really seen a new Obama . " The "  new " Obama is venturing into territory the first term Obama shied away from . Obama urges court to overturn California same-sex marriage ban He talked about his complicated biracial identity in this eulogy for Sen. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii . "  Here I was , a young boy with a white mom , a black father , raised in Indonesia and Hawaii , " the president said at the National Cathedral in Washington . "  And I was beginning to sense how fitting into the world might not be as simple as it might seem . " To kids at home in Chicago , he admitted he was often in trouble when he was a teenager . "  When I screwed up , the consequences were n't as high as when kids on the South Side screw up , " he told them . "  So I had more of a safety net but these guys are no different than me . " And , he used unusually personal language to describe King 's struggles . "  We often think of him standing tall in front of these endless crowds , stirring the nation 's conscience with a bellowing voice and a mighty dream . But I also thought of his doubts ... the lonely moments when he was left to confront the presence of long-festering injustice and undisguised hate , " Obama told a crowd at the National Prayer Breakfast in February . "  I  imagined the darkness and the doubt that must have surrounded him when he was in that Birmingham jail , and the anger that surely rose up in him the night his house was bombed . " The president and the nation have evolved on same-sex marriage Obama 's biographer says a more complete personality is coming into focus . "  I do n't think one ever knows the real him . But I think that it 's closer to being the private and the public Obama coming together in a clearer way , " Maraniss said . This warmer more revealing Obama was on display during the 2008 campaign . Then he used his biography to sell himself as the melting pot embodied . His most vocal critics turned parts of his resume into punch lines , perhaps most memorably by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin at the 2008 Republican National Convention . "  I guess a small-town mayor is sort of like a community organizer , except you have actual responsibilities , " Palin said . Perhaps in reaction , once in office the president became more cautious about talking about his past . On most topics , he just did n't go there . Obama : Spending cuts would be bad for business But now , free of the pressure to woo swing voters , he 's back to using his story and his rhetorical skills to try to inspire audiences and pitch policies . Obama himself said Tuesday night in Virginia : "  I 've run my last election . " He told CBS ' Charlie Rose last summer that the biggest mistake of his first term was not communicating his vision with the American people . "  When I think about what we 've done well and what we have n't done well , the mistake of my first term -- couple of years -- was thinking that this job was just about getting the policy right , " he said . "  And that 's important but the nature of this office is also to tell a story to the American people that gives them a sense of unity and purpose and optimism , especially during tough times . " These days he 's hardly touchy-feely , but he 's more likely to wear his heart on his sleeve . And use passion for political effect . During the fight over forced spending cuts , he 's made a clear effort to put faces on the impending changes . At one White House event , he got emotional as he stood in front of a group of first responders . "  And this is not an abstraction . There are people whose livelihoods are at stake . There are communities that are going to be impacted in a negative way , " he said . "  And I know that sometimes all this squabbling in Washington seems very abstract , and in the abstract , people like the idea , there must be some spending we can cut , there must be some waste out there . There absolutely is . But this is n't the right way to do it . " Rewind back to four years ago in March 2009 , the same president was confronted with a teacher about to lose her job . Instead of consoling her or expressing her concern , he asked if she got a "  pink slip " and launched into his views on education policy . These days he 's doing better on the empathy test . In a gun control plea at his recent State of the Union address , the chamber rose to its feet as a fervent Obama reminded the country of recent tragedies . "  Gabby Giffords deserves a vote . The families of Newtown deserve a vote , " Obama said on the House floor . "  The families of Aurora deserve a vote . The families of Oak Creek and Tucson and Blacksburg and the countless other communities ripped open by gun violence , they deserve a simple vote . " That 's the kind of emotional rallying cry he once saved for campaign style events outside the Beltway . No longer . Even the president admits he has changed , in repeated humble brags . "  The fascinating thing about this job is the longer you 're in it , the more humble you get and the more you recognize your own imperfections , " he told House Democrats at their retreat in Virginia . "  The one thing about being president is after four years , you get pretty humble , " Obama said Tuesday . "  You think maybe you would n't but you become more humble . You realize what you do n't know . You realize , you know , all the mistakes you make . " It 's humility he can afford , after winning a second term . "  President Obama is never going to be the ' I feel your pain ' Bill Clinton-type of president but he 's getting closer , " Maraniss said .	Obama -- known in his first term for his cool , detached style -- has been seen crying The president 's biographer attributes the shift to a new sense of freedom In an emotional gun-control plea in his State of the Union , the chamber rose to its feet Obama : "  The one thing about being president is after four years , you get pretty humble "
Bruce Davis -- a former associate of Charles Manson and a convicted murderer himself -- was granted parole Wednesday in California , the state Department of Corrections said , though that does n't mean he 'll necessarily become a free man . Davis was sent to state prison on April 21 , 1972 , for the first-degree murders of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald "  Shorty " Shea in 1969 . He was given a life sentence . The corrections department 's Board of Parole Hearings granted parole for the 71-year-old Davis following his 28th parole suitability hearing on Wednesday . But the board 's decision is not the end of the case . There 's a 120-day internal review period . When that 's done , Gov. Jerry Brown will have 30 days more to nullify or modify the decision -- meaning that , if everything goes his way , Davis could still be looking at another four months behind bars . In fact , there 's precedent for him not to be released . Twice , Davis has gotten an initial victory only to have his hopes of getting out dashed . In January 2010 and October 2012 , the parole board granted him parole . In the second case , the board explained it made such a recommendation because of Davis ' "  positive adjustment , record of no recent disciplinary problems , and for successfully completing academic and vocational education and self-help programs . " Both times , the sitting governors -- first Arnold Schwarzenegger and later Brown -- reversed that decision . "  When considered as a whole , I find the evidence ... shows why he currently poses a danger to society if released from prison , " Brown wrote in 2013 to explain his reversal . If this time proves different , Davis would become the first Manson "  family " member to be freed solely for good behavior . The group 's gruesome killings inspired the best-selling book "  Helter Skelter " and made their undisputed ringleader Manson a cult figure . The 1969 spree ensnared several victims , including 8-months-pregnant actress Sharon Tate . Manson is serving a life sentence for his role in nine murders . He was denied parole for the 12th time in 2012 ; his next such hearing is set for 2027 , at which time he 'd be 92 years old . LAPD hopes decades-old tapes hold clues to Manson murder mystery Manson follower accused of trying to smuggle phone to cult leader	A California parole board grants parole to Bruce Davis , who 'd been sentenced to life An associate of Charles Manson , Davis was convicted of murder in a pair of killings A governor reversed a board 's decision to grant Davis parole twice before
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- Variously described as a genius and a maverick , for six decades Luigi Colani has created beautiful , pioneering design -- a perfect marriage of form and function . A true visionary , he says he has designed thousands of objects -- everything from cameras , to tea pots and sunglasses . But it is his transport designs that are most famous , bearing his trademark of streamlined forms inspired by nature . "  Nature had hundreds of millions of years to refine their things , we have only stupid 100 years of aerodynamics , " he says . "  So nature is not better -- there 's only nature . Our laws are stupid ... they are not ready yet . " Studying aerodynamics at Paris-Sorbonne University in the late 1940s , Colani considered how birds were able to fly and then used those postulations in aircraft design . He did the same when it came to designing ships , this time taking inspiration from the sea creatures he had watched while scuba diving . A man with the foresight to realize that environmental sustainability would play a key role in future product design , in 1971 he turned his efforts to changing the design of trucks , which he felt were not aerodynamic or eco-friendly . "  Twenty-five or 30 years ago I designed streamline trucks that consume less fuel , " he says . "  The industry , stupid as they are , they did n't get this message ; they consumed gasoline by the billions ... if they had adopted my thing , the air would be better today . "  Look at the trucks -- they are square and push an enormous amount of air in front of them so they are not aerodynamic . "  I started with my knowledge of aerodynamics to design streamlined trucks and I 'm world champion at the moment because my latest model is consuming 50 % less fuel without changing the engine , just through the shape . " To promote his streamlined design , Colani says he plans to take his trucks on tour around the world next year . But despite environmentally friendly principals much of Colani 's work has remained in the conceptual stages -- an inspiration for other designers rather than a commercial product . Colani believes that engineers and manufacturers these days are too conservative . He says the financial crisis is stopping companies taking chances on innovative designs and argues that with all the new technology and materials available , people need to take creative risks . "  All kinds of transport must be done but better , " he says . "  We have the knowledge today , we have the technology today , we have the materials today . But we do n't have the brains and the companies who should say yes to good ideas . "  There are too many conservative brains in positions where they should not be conservative . They should go ahead to give the youngsters jobs , ideas and freedom to think . " Now aged 83 , and retaining his flair for the flamboyant and futuristic , the German designer does n't look like he is planning to slow down anytime soon . "  I sat yesterday night , all night through , and I designed the most sensational supermarket in the world , " he says . "  It 's nonstop -- sometimes it 's a simple lamp for the desktop , for the table , and sometimes it 's a high-speed train or super car . " He is a professor at several Chinese universities and , as befits his belief in young people , says he is to begin the world 's first biodesign professorship in Milan next year , giving him the chance to share his knowledge and unique outlook with aspiring designers . But despite the generation gap , Coloni has no fear of being left behind when it comes to the latest trends and technologies . "  I have done everything , but everything changes every five years , " he says . "  We have new wisdom , new electronics ...  it 's not that  I 'm not up-to-date -- I am 20 years ahead , mamma mia ! People need at least 20 years to come up to my level that I have at the moment ! "	Luigi Colani is a hugely influential industrial designer Colani was a pioneer of nature-inspired ` biodesign ' 83-year-old designer warns transport industry it must make changes Describes himself as 20 years ahead of others in the field
CNN  -- Photographer Paul Hellstern snapped his shutter just minutes after the tornado reduced Oklahoma City 's Briarwood Elementary School to rubble . In that fraction of a second , he captured the courage and selflessness that overcame adults at the school in the moments after the Monday devastation . "  I 'd just arrived , probably five minutes after the tornado passed , and came into that neighborhood and noticed that school there and children pouring out , " he told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  It was pandemonium , with children crying everywhere , bloody teachers and so forth . " Cameras ready , the photographer for The Oklahoman , the Oklahoma City area 's only daily newspaper , ran as quickly as he could to capture images from the scene . Teachers save lives during tornado Police and emergency officials had yet to arrive , but Hellstern said teachers were carrying and escorting children out of the debris that once was their school . The teachers themselves were injured , Hellstern said . One had an ankle injury . Many were bloodied . With rafters and torn brick walls as his backdrop , Steve Cobb , a brown-haired man in a T-shirt and shorts , clutches a blond girl -- one of his daughters -- in brightly colored New Balance sneakers . She peers over his shoulder as he carries her away from the school . Inside a tornado-ravaged school Following him is his wife , LaDonna Cobb , blood over her left eyebrow and smeared down her face and neck , onto the frills of her V-neck collar . She appears to have a black eye , and she 's holding the hand of a crying , barefoot girl with a large heart on her blue T-shirt . "  We 're lucky to be alive , and our hearts go out to those who were n't as fortunate , " LaDonna Cobb told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  We 'll heal . We 're here . That 's what 's most important . " A teacher at Brairwood , she had the day of the tornado off . She and her husband were going to close on a house but they went to the school to check on their three children as the storm approached . "  Him , and I and the teacher just jumped on top of the kids and rode it out there , " she said . Steve Cobb told Morgan that he had doubts . "  I was truly fearful . I did n't think we were going to live . I thought it was just going to flatten everything out and we would probably die . But somehow or another everyone survived . Mapping the twister 's 40-mile path of devastation Hellstern said he was amazed by the adults ' response , especially those who gathered their composure to bring children out of the school , then returned to the rubble to search for more . Police and emergency officials soon joined them in the search . Hellstern said he was moved to see distraught children and parents reunite at the school of about 700 students , located in the Oklahoma capital . "  The emotion of seeing parents come together with their children for that first moment , finding them alive and still well , was exciting , " he said . How to help Another of Hellstern 's photographs captured a child leaping into a man 's arms . The man cradles the child 's head with one hand and hugs his waist with the other , his face flush with emotion . The man is Jim Routon , the child a 7-year-old boy named Hezekiah . They are just neighbors , but the love and relief in the photo bespeaks the bond of blood relatives . Hours after the shutter snapped and media around the world published Hellstern 's photograph , details of their story came into focus . Hezekiah , a first-grader , described the picture to Routon : "  I knew that you were going to pick me up , so I just jumped . And I just started hugging you really hard . I was crying a little bit , and I was happy that I survived . " Routon said he needed the hug as much as Hezekiah did . "  It was so chaotic . We just were n't sure . The school was pretty much devastated and mostly destroyed . We were n't sure if anyone was going to come out alive , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  To go over and see one of my favorite neighbor 's child emerge , it was awesome . It was just an amazing feeling . " Routon said it 's hard to believe a photograph of him and his neighbor is among the dramatic images of the storm transmitted far beyond his state 's borders . But the stories of recovery that the photos tell are inspiring to many Oklahomans , too , he said . "  It actually helps us , you know , in the healing process , " Routon said , "  and helps us to learn and see that ... we have to depend on one another to get through these types of things . " CNN 's Dana Ford and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman in one of the images : "  We 'll heal . We 're here . That 's what 's most important " Photographer for The Oklahoman arrived at school 5 minutes after tornado leveled it Rescue officials had yet to arrive , but injured teachers were ferrying students from rubble Photographer : "  Seeing parents come together with their children ... was exciting "
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Concerns were growing Wednesday for a polar bear born last month at a German zoo after its twin died and was possibly eaten by its mother . One year ago Vera gave birth to Flocke , pictured here playing in her enclosure in April . The young polar bear died Monday , less than two weeks after it was born , Nuremberg Zoo said . The surviving twin was doing well , the zoo said , but added that it was concerned the mother may not be able to care for it properly . Zookeepers watching a video feed from the bears ' enclosure said they had noticed the baby bear looking thinner and weaker . They saw the bears ' mother , Vera , nudging the dead bear with her nose and observing it -- and as of Wednesday , they said , the dead bear was nowhere to be seen . "  It is very , very sad , " said zoo director Dag Encke . "  it is unfortunately frequently the case that with twins , one of the animals does n't survive . " Zookeepers had kept their distance from Vera and her babies , watching them only on camera so as not to make the mother feel threatened . Polar bears are known to eat their young if they sense any danger or interference . "  We have to worry more about the surviving young animal and take care that the polar bear with her baby is not disturbed , " Encke said . "  So far , Vera is caring for the surviving baby in an exemplary way . " One year ago Vera gave birth to Flocke , who became an instant celebrity across Germany . Flocke 's first birthday is Thursday .	German zookeepers concerned for baby polar bear after its twin died Young polar bear died Monday , less than two weeks after it was born Baby nowhere to be found in enclosure ; mothers often eat young if sense danger
Washington  CNN  -- The political furor escalated over President Obama 's high-profile rebuke of a recent Supreme Court ruling on campaign advertising Thursday , as Democrats pounded the high court decision . Democrats rallied around Obama the day after the president committed a rare breach of political etiquette , criticizing the controversial ruling in his State of the Union address as members of the high court sat only a few feet away . That triggered something equally unusual . Justice Samuel Alito , a conservative backer of the ruling , frowned and appeared to mouth the words "  not true . " Alito 's apparent reply was a rare flash of emotion among Supreme Court justices who typically sit stony faced and refrain from even clapping during State of the Union speeches . The actions of both men may be unprecedented , according to one longtime court observer . The court 's 5-4 decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , issued last week , removed long-established legal barriers preventing corporations and unions from spending unlimited sums of money to influence voters in political campaigns . Democrats fear the decision has given the traditionally pro-business GOP a powerful new advantage . "  With all due deference to separation of powers , last week the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests -- including foreign corporations -- to spend without limit in our elections , " Obama told a packed House of Representatives chamber Wednesday night . "  I do n't think American elections should be bankrolled by America 's most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities . They should be decided by the American people . And I 'd urge Democrats and Republicans to pass a bill that helps to correct some of these problems . " Alito , part of the court 's conservative majority , could be seen apparently frowning and quietly mouthing the words "  not true . " Supreme Court justices rarely express any hint of emotion or opinion during the president 's State of the Union speech . On the Senate floor Thursday morning , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said the ruling "  goes to the very core of our democracy and it will allow major corporations -- who should have law written to control their effect on America -- instead control America . That is not the America I grew up in . " Leahy , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , ripped Alito for what he claimed was hypocrisy in preaching the virtues of judicial restraint while backing a decision overturning decades of legal precedent . "  In his confirmation hearing , Justice Alito ... testified that the role of the Supreme Court is a limited role , " Leahy said . "  That was then when he was seeking confirmation . This is now . " A spokesman for the high court had no comment when reached by CNN . Read the Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. FEC Vice President Joe Biden , appearing Thursday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " argued Obama "  did n't question the integrity of the court . He questioned the judgment of it . " Biden called the decision "  outrageous " and said "  we have to correct it . " Most Republicans have defended the ruling , calling it a long overdue recognition of First Amendment rights . Former Federal Election Commission Chairman Bradley Smith , who supports the ruling , called Obama 's remarks the act of "  a fairly desperate president who 's trying to remake himself . " In the process , Smith claimed , Obama is "  willing to essentially say things that are not true . " Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , told reporters he thought "  calling out the Supreme Court when they 're sitting right there trying to impassively listen ... was a little over the top . " Lyle Denniston , a writer for the Web site Scotusblog.com who has covered the Supreme Court for five decades , told CNN he could not recall ever seeing a president rebuke the high court in such a high-profile forum . But Alito 's apparent reaction , he argued , was "  quite inappropriate . " Obama "  was talking about the consequences of the opinion , " Denniston said . Once the justices issue a decision , "  they really need to let the political branches or the people deal with it as they will . " Jeffrey Toobin : Alito 's reaction was fair Denniston noted that Justice John Paul Stevens , the longest-serving current member of the high court , never attends State of the Union addresses . Attending such a speech , Denniston said , involves the justices in a "  political circus " that can damage a justice 's image of impartiality . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Mark Bixler and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Democrats rallied around Obama after his criticism of ruling during State of the Union speech The decision removed legal barriers on corporations ' spending to influence campaigns Justice Samuel Alito could be seen mouthing "  not true " at Obama 's assertion Sen. Patrick Leahy on Thursday assailed the ruling on the Senate floor
When Arianna Huffington collapsed at her desk in 2007 , she woke to find herself covered in a pool of blood . Sporting a broken cheekbone from the fall , the incident spurred the editor-in-chief to sit up and rethink her workaholic lifestyle . Since then , Huffington has made it her mission to raise awareness around work-life balance with her "  sleep evangelist " mantra infused across the HuffPost website . From her "  GPS for the Soul " app to installing nap rooms inside her New York headquarters , it 's rare for the media mogul not to mention sleep deprivation in TV appearances or her weekly editor 's note . CNN anchor Maggie Lake sat down with Huffington to discuss redefining success as outlined in her new book "  Thrive : The Third Metric to Redefining Success and Creating a Happier Life . " "  It 's very important to recognize -LSB- burnout -RSB- is a global phenomenon . I was in South Korea recently where we also have Huffington Post . Stress and burnout are much worse there than in the United States . People consume alcohol four times as much as a way to alleviate stress ; 40 people commit suicide a day . You go to China , and stress is now a daily topic of conversation because people have paid such a price . " "  I believe we need to define success beyond the two metrics of money and power . -LSB- We need -RSB- to include a third metric that incorporates our health , well-being and wisdom . A capacity to be connected with our better selves ... Not to miss the moment -- because that 's all we have . We ca n't DVR our lives and watch it later . " "  Nothing kills creativity more than burnout . So in fact , the best thing we can do for our careers is to foster and nurture that creativity and that effectiveness ... There is absolutely no trade off between doing well in our jobs and taking care of our own human capital . " "  The situation is changing . In Germany , Volkswagen gives employees company phones which are automatically turned off at 6pm and then turned on again at 7am ... Here in the United States , 35 % of large and medium size corporations have introduced some stress reduction policies . Businesses are losing $ 300 billion a year because of stress ... All of these things that we are discussing do not just affect our personal lives , they affect the bottom line . " "  Introducing even five minutes of meditation . Now meditation is really our quiet time . It is time to unplug from all our devices , unplug from the world ... all my smartphones , my iPad , whatever I have is outside my bedroom . I never charge smartphones by the bed . "	Arianna Huffington 's new book "  Thrive " asks us to redefine success Implores employees to sleep longer , take breaks , nap and meditate She adds : "  Nothing kills creativity more than burn out "
CNN  -- Actress Angelina Jolie says she feels passionate about Haiti , whose "  extraordinary " people are inspiring her with their resilience after the devastating earthquake one month ago . During a visit to Haiti this week , she said that despite the terrible tragedy , Haitians are dignified and calm . Jolie , a good will ambassador for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , said of the Haitians , "  They 're very inventive people , they 're very strong people , and they 're finding ways to help themselves . " "  I think we have a moral duty to do what we can for any country that 's suffering , " she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview from Port-au-Prince . "  I think we have a very big obligation to the place . ... I 'll continue to come back and I 'll continue to express what I am learning . " Jolie expressed particular concern about the fate of Haiti 's children -- the amputees , the homeless and the orphans -- and worried about the risk of child trafficking . Haiti earthquake : Numbers tell the story "  Trafficking has been a huge problem for a very long time ... so I think everybody that means well needs to really take that very seriously , and not get frustrated , but really work with the country , " she said . "  And for myself , as somebody who is an adoptive parent , I understand the urge to assist in that way , but now is not the time . An emergency is not the time for new adoptions anyway . " Pressed on whether she might consider adopting a Haitian child , Jolie told Amanpour , "  I 'm always open to children around the world . We 're that kind of family . Brad -LSB- Pitt -RSB- and I talk about that . "  But that 's not what we 're focusing on at this time , by any means . We 're not here for that . We 're here to see how we can help protect the children in the country and scale up the needs here . " Jolie said it is vital to reunite families that have been torn apart by the disaster and set up a system to register survivors . "  We do n't know who is an orphan . I 've met -LSB- Haitian -RSB- women in the Dominican Republic in hospitals who were saying they have n't spoken to their children , " she said . "  They have no cell phones , they have no way to tell their children they 're alive . They ca n't find them yet . " She also was worried about children who lost limbs in the earthquake . "  You see little kids that have lost their legs and you ask them if they are all right and they say they 're OK , and somehow they are able to smile . ... I think -LSB- that -RSB- says a lot about them . " Jolie said it 's vital for the world to provide sufficient housing for survivors -- housing that is strong enough to stand up to hurricanes . "  We saw a large amount of tents , new tents , but that 's not necessarily going to be the answer because they 've got this much bigger problem in how to find proper shelter to survive hurricanes , " she said . Last fall , hundreds of people died in flooding and landslides as two large hurricanes and a tropical storm hit the nation . Jolie said the scale of the disaster is nothing like she 's seen before . "  The complexity of this before and now , and the history of this country , is something that I am still trying to wrap my head around . And it 's going to be a very , very difficult road . "	Actress Angelina Jolie visits Haiti as good will ambassador for U.N. Jolie says earthquake devastation is like nothing she 's ever seen Jolie says , "  We have a moral duty to do what we can for any country that 's suffering " She says now is not the time to think of adopting Haitian children
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Moroccan man wanted for links to the Madrid train bombings in 2004 was brought to Spain from France on Wednesday , a Spanish police statement said . A photograph showing Moroccan-born suspect Said Rehou . The suspect , Said Rehou , 27 , born in Casablanca , Morocco , allegedly held indoctrination sessions for Islamic militants at his former Madrid home , the statement said . "  Various individuals who participated in those meetings later were implicated directly or indirectly in the Casablanca attacks of 2003 and the March 11 , 2004 , attacks in Madrid , " the statement said . The Madrid train bombings -- coordinated attacks on four morning-rush commuter trains -- killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . Spanish courts have convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the Madrid bombings , along with four Spaniards , the latter for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Seven other prime Islamic suspects killed themselves in an explosion as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb three weeks after the bombings . The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers . Rehou is wanted in Spain for belonging to a terrorist group , and is thought to have formed part of a cell created in Spain in 2002 , with the aim of recruiting fighters to carry out attacks in Morocco , Spain and other countries , the police statement said . The meetings at his home lasted six to eight hours , with the screening of videos that included sermons and scenes promoting holy war , the statement said .	Suspect Said Rehou allegedly held indoctrination sessions Madrid bombings killed 191 people in March 2004 Casablanca bombings in 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers
CNN  -- The UK government is appealing for a buyer to ensure a rare piece of jewelry that once belonged to the author Jane Austen remains in Britain . The gold and turquoise ring is one of just three pieces of jewelry in existence known to have belonged to Austen , the 19th century author of novels including "  Pride and Prejudice " and "  Emma . " American singer Kelly Clarkson bought the ring when it was auctioned last year , Jane Austen 's House Museum , in Chawton , southern England , said . Auction house Sotheby 's listed the sale price as # 152,450  $ 231,227  . UK Culture Minister Ed Vaizey has placed a temporary export bar on the ring "  on the grounds that it is so closely connected with -LSB- Britain 's -RSB- history and national life that its departure would be a misfortune , " the Department for Culture said . The temporary bar means Clarkson is unable to take the ring outside the UK . While she is not required to sell the ring , Vaizey could refuse her an export license -- making the restriction permanent . Read more : Walking in the footsteps of Jane Austen A spokesman for the Arts Council -- responsible for developing arts and culture in England -- said : "  The original buyer does not have to sell the ring to an interested UK buyer if one were to make a serious intention to buy , but should they make this choice the Minister will take into consideration any refusal to accept a matching offer when a decision is made as to whether an export license should be granted . The export license would normally be refused . " If an individual were to buy the ring , they would have to put it on public display in a gallery , museum , or archive for a minimum of 100 days each year , he said . "  Jane Austen 's modest lifestyle and her early death mean that objects associated with her of any kind are extremely rare , so I hope that a UK buyer comes forward so this simple but elegant ring can be saved for the nation , " Vaizey said in a statement . Austen died in 1817 at the age of 41 . In its July 2012 catalog , Sotheby 's said the ring was being sold with notes detailing its provenance , including one written by Jane Austen 's sister-in-law , Eleanor Austen , to her niece , Caroline . The note -- dated 1863 -- reads : "  My dear Caroline . The enclosed Ring once belonged to your Aunt Jane . It was given to me by your Aunt Cassandra as soon as she knew that I was engaged to your Uncle . I bequeath it to you . God bless you ! " ` An intimate possession ' The Department for Culture said Jane Austen had "  placed great significance on jewellery 's link to personal relationships both in her life and in her novels . " Its statement continued : "  It is precisely because Jane Austen understood the social and emotional nuances which could be associated with a piece of jewelry , and because jewelry has such potency as an intimate possession , that the ring aroused huge interest when it was auctioned last year . " The ring 's # 152,450 sale price was more than five times the estimate placed on it by Sotheby 's . The other two items of jewelry known to have belonged to Austen -- a topaz cross and a turquoise and ivory bracelet -- are on display at the Austen museum , in Chawton , southern England , where the author spent the last eight years of her life . Read more : 200 years of ` Pride and Prejudice ' Museum spokeswoman Isabel Snowden said Austen 's brother Charles had bought her and her sister Cassandra each a topaz cross from Navy prize money he received for work recovering a pirated ship . In Austen 's novel "  Mansfield Park , " heroine Fanny Price is also given a cross by her brother . "  That 's the most direct link she 's put in her novel , " Snowden said . "  We 'd love the ring to be on display on the museum and it would be fantastic if the funds were able to be raised . "  It 's one of the few surviving pieces of jewelry Jane Austen owned . So it 's really important . " The decision on the export license will be deferred until September 30 this year and can be extended until December 30 "  if a serious intention to raise funds to purchase the ring " is made . ` Waverley criteria ' Britain 's secretary of state for culture -- currently Vaizey -- is advised by a committee of experts on which objects should be refused export licenses , based on the "  Waverley criteria . " The criteria are whether an object is so closely connected with Britain 's history that its departure would be a misfortune , whether it is of outstanding aesthetic importance or of outstanding significance for the study or art , learning or history . Fans around the world celebrated the 200th anniversary of one of Austen 's most well-known novels -- "  Pride and Prejudice " -- in January this year , and on July 24 the Bank of England marked Austen 's significance in English literary history by revealing that her image would appear on the # 10 banknote . Read more : Americans lack a paper money woman Announcing the decision , Reserve Bank Governor Mark Carney Governor said : "  Jane Austen certainly merits a place in the select group of historical figures to appear on our banknotes . Her novels have an enduring and universal appeal and she is recognized as one of the greatest writers in English literature . " The Department for Culture also announced export bans on three other items in its most recent statement . They are a racing car known as a "  Bentley Blower " -- worth # 5,149,800 -- an archive of letters from British Army officer James Wolfe -- remembered for his victory over the French at the Battle of Quebec -- and a collection of paintings , drawings and other material by Thomas Baines documenting the British exploration of northern Australia .	Jane Austen was an English novelist who wrote in the early 1800s . She died in 1817 . Her novels include "  Pride and Prejudice , " "  Emma " and "  Sense and Sensibility " Last year , U.S. singer Kelly Clarkson bought a ring that had belonged to Austen Britain says the ring is of historic significance and should not be taken out of the country
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Justice Department Thursday announced it is dropping its controversial plan to allow officials to deny the existence of certain sensitive documents when confronted with thorny Freedom of Information Act  FOIA  requests . The provision in proposed FOIA regulations had stirred criticism from both ends of the political spectrum , from the American Civil Liberties Union and from other open-government groups . The decision was announced in a Justice Department letter to Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , who had led the fight against the rule change . "  We will not include that provision when the Department issues final regulations , " the Justice Department said . In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder last Friday , Grassley vowed to "  take all necessary steps " to block the rule that would have allowed the government to "  deceive " people about the existence of information . In its response , the Justice Department said the agency had in practice handled certain sensitive records as excludable since 1987 , when then-Attorney General Ed Meese first issued guidance saying the best way to deal with these sensitive records was to deny they existed . Meese had specifically referred to narrow categories which dealt with national-security information and requests for information relating to an ongoing criminal investigation in which the target is unaware of a probe . The government said it was not really "  lying " to declare that "  there exist no records responsive to your FOIA request . " The government maintains that specific was "  wholly accurate " because in these sensitive cases the only records that exist are not subject to the FOIA act Grassley , however , said a response that there are "  no records " when such records , in fact , exist could undermine the public trust in government . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , was quick to applaud the decision to drop the proposed change . "  For five decades , the Freedom of Information Act has given life to the American value that in an open society , it is essential to carefully balance the public 's right to know and government 's need to keep some information secret , " Leahy said . The ACLU also applauded the Justice Department decision . "  Government accountability can only be assured through transparency , " said Laura Murphy , director of the ACLU Washington legislative office	Former Attorney General Meese first issued guidance in 1987 on denying sensitive records exist That came in response to Freedom of Information requests for doucments The government said it was not really "  lying " to declare "  there exist no records responsive " But the Justice Department says it is dropping a plan to allow such denials
CNN  -- The engineer who was operating the Metro-North train that derailed last year , killing four passengers and injuring dozens more , was suffering from a sleep disorder , according to documents released Monday by the National Transportation Safety Board . The NTSB 's investigation discovered during a post-accident sleep evaluation that William Rockefeller Jr. had "  severe obstructive sleep apnea . " In a Metro-North medical history form from 1999 , Rockefeller specifically answered "  no " to a question asking whether he had difficulty sleeping , and at no point before the accident did any of his health care providers document a discussion with him regarding sleep problems , according to the NTSB 's medical factual report of the investigation . However , after the derailment , a sleep study was ordered for Rockefeller because he "  did not exactly recall events leading up to the accident , " the report said . The sleep specialist noted that Rockefeller 's recent work schedule change from late night to early morning shifts "  might have contributed to the accident , " according to an additional statement in the specialist 's report . Sleep apnea is a disruptive sleep disorder in which a person 's breathing repeatedly stops and starts . This can result in an individual feeling tired even after a full night 's sleep . As a result , the sleep specialist prescribed Rockefeller continuous positive airway pressure  CPAP  as treatment . Rockefeller reported feeling more energetic after 30 days of treatment . "  My client was fully cooperative with the NTSB investigation , including giving them access to his medical records and doctors , " Rockefeller 's attorney , Jeffrey Chartier , said Monday . "  I believe these reports support that there was no criminality in regards to my client . " The accident happened on December 1 when the train of seven cars derailed while traveling from Poughkeepsie , New York , to Grand Central Terminal in New York City . The train was hurtling along at 82 mph , far above the speed limit of 30 mph for that section of track as it approached a sharp bend in the Bronx . The cars tumbled off the track , killing four passengers and leaving dozens more hospitalized . The lead car came to rest inches from water at the intersection of the Hudson and Harlem rivers . At the time of the accident , the train was in "  push mode , " meaning that the locomotive was in the rear of the train pushing it along the tracks , with Rockefeller in a cabin at the front operating it remotely . His cabin was equipped with a "  dead man pedal " that required constant downward pressure with the foot to keep the train moving , MTA spokesman Aaron Donovan told CNN last year . "  Should you lose consciousness or die , and the foot is taken off , a whistle sounds and the train begins to slow immediately to a stop , " Donovan said . "  It 's a pressure you have to keep -- your foot actively engaged . " But it is unclear whether the "  dead man pedal " mechanism was activated when Rockefeller allegedly nodded off at the controls . "  That is unknown , " Donovan said . "  MTA Metro-North Railroad is reviewing the documents released today by the NTSB , " Donovan said Monday . "  The investigation is still ongoing , and Metro-North will continue to work with the NTSB on addressing their recommendations . " A safety review from the Federal Railroad Administration said Metro-North 's focus on punctuality "  had a detrimental effect on safety , adversely affecting the inspection and maintenance of track and negatively impacting train operations , " according to the report released in March . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III and Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	Engineer of Metro-North train that derailed was suffering from sleep apnea , NTSB report says William Rockefeller Jr. had no record of sleep disorder before December accident , it says "  There was no criminality in regards to my client , " Rockefeller 's attorney says Four people were killed and dozens were injured in the accident in the Bronx
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FBI did not participate in harsh interrogations of suspected terrorists detained in Guantanamo Bay , Afghanistan or Iraq , said a Justice Department investigation released Tuesday . An April 2007 photo shows a room at Guantanamo Bay that had been used for interrogations . The investigation also concluded that the bureau generally reported potentially illegal actions by the CIA and Defense Department . In "  only a few instances " did FBI agents use techniques that were not approved by FBI policies , according to the report by Inspector General Glenn Fine . Fine criticized the FBI for being slow in developing and distributing its interrogation policy to its interrogators . Though the the FBI decided to avoid harsh techniques in August 2002 , the decision was not put in writing until 2004 , when the bureau also put in writing that the harsh techniques used by other agencies should be reported to FBI superiors . The 2002 decision by FBI Director Robert Mueller was that the bureau would adhere to restrictions used in interrogations of detainees within the United States . Those techniques prohibit coercion , abuse or threats . The policy is based on the belief that building a rapport with prisoners is the best way to gain intelligence , according to Tuesday 's report . The FBI issued a statement saying it is "  gratified " by the report 's findings , and Mueller promised that the bureau will continue to use "  rapport-building techniques in interviews " of detainees . The inspector general 's investigators interviewed almost all of the more than 1,000 FBI employees who were deployed to one or more military zones between 2001 and 2004 , the report said . The vast majority of the agents adhered to FBI policies and separated themselves from other agencies ' interrogators who were using techniques that the FBI did n't approve of , the report said . The report listed "  a few incidents " that "  clearly would not be permissible for FBI agents to use in the United States , " including isolating a prisoner from human contact and participating in an interrogation in which detainees were "  given a ` drink of water ' in a forceful and inappropriate manner . " It also listed incidents that were not "  clear violations of FBI policy " but which should have raised questions . Some agents participated in a program of subjecting detainees to frequent cell relocations , the report said . In another case , two agents joined in an interview in which a detainee 's hands and feet were "  short-chained " close together for several hours , during which time the prisoner urinated on himself . FBI agents reported that non-FBI interrogators engaged in sleep deprivation or sleep disruption techniques , which include using bright lights , loud music and extreme temperatures "  to keep detainees awake or otherwise wear down their resistance . " No FBI agents witnessed the abuses at Abu Ghraib , the U.S. Army-operated Baghdad correctional facility where some prisoners were physically and sexually abused , sparking outrage when photos of the abuse became public . However , the report said , an FBI agent said he witnessed a naked Abu Ghraib prisoner forced to roll between rows of cells . He did not report the incident because he did n't know whether it was an acceptable technique . The report also said FBI personnel did not witness the controversial waterboarding technique , which the CIA has confirmed was used on three prisoners . The FBI protested when it witnessed techniques used by the military and the CIA in questioning top terror suspects Abu Zubayda and Yousef al-Qarani , according to the report . In one instance , an agent objected to using a snarling dog to interrogate al-Qarani . Despite some criticism , the inspector general offered the FBI modest praise at the conclusion of his three-year investigation . "  We believe that while the FBI could have provided clearer guidance earlier , and while the FBI could have pressed harder for resolution of concerns about detainee treatment by other agencies , the FBI should be credited for its conduct and professionalism in detainee interrogations in the military zones in Guantanamo Bay , Afghanistan and Iraq , and in generally avoiding participation in detainee abuse , " the report concluded . The inspector general 's investigation did not quiet the FBI 's chief critics . The American Civil Liberties Union said FBI leaders failed to uphold their obligation to "  bring an end to the abuse and application of illegal interrogation methods . " Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D-New York , chairman of a subcommittee that oversees the FBI , criticized then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and his deputy , Larry Thompson . Nadler said FBI agents ' objections to certain interrogation methods "  fell on deaf ears . " "  The admirable actions taken by those brave FBI agents willing to speak out were undermined by those who led them , " he said .	Justice Department investigation finds FBI generally acted responsibly Probe looked at interrogations at Guantanamo Bay , Afghanistan , Iraq Investigators find "  only a few instances " of unapproved techniques by FBI FBI "  could have provided clearer guidance earlier , " report acknowledges
CNN  -- Sonic booms and at least one fireball in the sky were reported in Texas on Sunday , less than a week after two satellites collided in space and a day after the Federal Aviation Administration asked U.S. pilots to watch for "  falling space debris , " authorities said . Video captured in Austin , Texas , shows a meteor-like object in the sky Sunday morning . There were no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft in flight , FAA spokesman Roland Herwig said . Herwig told CNN the FAA received no reports from pilots in the air of any sightings but the agency recieved "  numerous " calls from people on the ground from Dallas , Texas , south to Austin , Texas . Video shot by a photographer from News 8 TV in Austin showed what appeared to be a meteor-like white fireball blazing across a clear blue sky Sunday morning . The photographer caught the incident while covering a marathon in Austin . On Saturday , the FAA told pilots through its routine notification system that "  a potential hazard may occur due to re-entry of satellite debris into the earth 's atmosphere . " The notice did not specify a time or location . Watch video of meteor-like fireball " Herwig said most of the reports the FAA received came in about midday Sunday in an area of Texas from Dallas south to Austin . iReport.com : Did you see the fireball ? Send photos , video He said he was not certain where the information that sparked the FAA notification came from , but it was "  probably from NORAD , " or the North American Aerospace Defense Command , which tracks man-made objects in space . Calls to NORAD headquarters in Colorado were not immediately returned . Lisa Block , spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Public Safety , said her agency had received calls from residents surprised by sonic booms about 11 a.m. . She said calls came from an area from Dallas to Houston . Last week , the Russian and U.S. space agencies said two satellites , one Russian and one American , collided about 496 miles  800 kilometers  above Siberia , Russia . The collision on Tuesday produced two large debris clouds , NASA said . The satellites collided at 6.2 miles  10 kilometers  per second , producing 500 to 600 pieces of space debris , the U.S. Strategic Command said . CNN 's Monte Plott contributed to this report .	Video shot in Austin , Texas , shows meteor-like object in sky Sunday morning Fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space FAA told U.S. pilots to watch for "  falling space debris " No reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft , FAA spokesman says
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Fifteen passengers were killed and 18 others injured when a bus carrying Hindu pilgrims crashed on a hilly highway in Indian-controlled Kashmir , officials said Sunday . The bus was heading to the city of Jammu when it skidded off the road and rolled down a steep gorge , said Anil Magotra , the district police chief . "  The bus hurtled 35 to 40 meters , killing 15 passengers on the spot , " Magotra said . "  All the 18 injured passengers have been evacuated to Jammu for specialized treatment . " The 33 Hindu people onboard were returning from a pilgrimage to the Himalayan cave shrine of Amarnath . The cave , situated in the Himalayas at a height of 3,880 meters  12,729 feet  , is one of the holiest pilgrimage sites in India . Vehicle accidents are common on the winding 300-kilometer  185-mile  Srinagar-Jammu national highway , which connects landlocked Kashmir to rest of India . State officials have expressed condolences at the death of pilgrims and announced cash relief to families of the dead and injured .	A bus with 33 people onboard skids off a highway and rolls down a steep gorge 15 passengers are killed and 18 others are injured , a police official says They were returning from a pilgrimage to the Himalayan cave shrine of Amarnath
EW.com  -- Everything is awesome for the team behind "  The LEGO Movie . " The 3-D animated extravaganza is estimated to have earned a spectacular $ 69.11 million this weekend -- the biggest opening of the still young year , and the second largest February opening ever  the top spot belongs to 2004 ′ s "  Passion of the Christ "  . The Phil Lord and Christopher Miller movie blew past studio and analyst predictions , which had the pic in the $ 40 to $ 55 million range . Playing in 3,775 theaters , most of which were in 3-D , "  LEGO " scored an incredible $ 18,307 per location average , and , including overseas profits  $ 18.1 million from 34 territories  , "  The LEGO Movie " has already stacked up $ 87.2 million . ` The Lego Movie ' : Did it make you cry ? "  The LEGO Movie " is Warner Bros. ' first animated release in three years . Village Roadshow co-financed the pic . Featuring the vocal talents of Chris Pratt as Emmet the construction worker , Will Ferrell as the evil Lord Business , Elizabeth Banks as the brilliant Wyldstyle , Liam Neeson as Bad Cop , and Will Arnett as Batman , "  LEGO " resonated with both adults and children -- 60 percent of the audience was over 18 years old . A sequel is reportedly already in the works . But it was n't just families and kids who headed out to the theaters this weekend . George Clooney 's $ 70 million WWII pic "  The Monuments Men "  CinemaScore : B +  exceeded expectations and took in an estimated $ 22.7 million from 3,083 locations . Based on a true story , "  The Monuments Men " follows a team tasked with recovering art from the Nazis and returning it to their rightful owners and stars Clooney , Matt Damon , Bill Murray , John Goodman and Cate Blanchett . The audience was divided fairly evenly  48 percent male  , and 75 percent of attendees were over 35 years old . The Sony release , from Columbia Pictures and Fox 2000 Pictures , boasted a $ 7,363 per screen average , which put it solidly in between "  Argo 's "  $ 19.5 million  and "  Captain Phillips ' "  $ 25.7 million  opening weekends . After all the fuss around the delayed release , it seems that pushing "  Monuments Men " out of the holidays  and awards season  was the best thing it could have done in terms of earnings and mustering up an undistracted audience . It 's also an all-time high opener for Clooney as a director -- "  The Ides of March " opened at $ 10.5 million and "  Leatherheads " at $ 12.7 million . Jennifer Aniston gets in line for ` Cake ' The Kevin Hart/Ice Cube comedy "  Ride Along " fell 21.9 percent from last weekend and snagged the third place spot after three weekends at No. 1 with $ 9.4 million . This places the PG-13 rated $ 25 million Universal pic at a $ 105.2 million domestic total . Universal had success opening 2013 ′ s "  Identity Thief " in the early part of the year . That film went on to net about $ 134.5 million after 17 weeks in theaters  11 on over 1,000 screens  . "  Ride Along " could definitely beat that . For Hart 's starring roles , crossing $ 100 million is a career high , too . "  Think Like a Man " topped out at $ 91.5 million in 2012 . Hart has three more releases slated for this year , including next weekend 's "  About Last Night . " Disney 's "  Frozen " picked up throughout the weekend to take the fourth place spot with an estimated $ 6.91 million , bringing its domestic total to a mind-blowing $ 368.7 million . The animated musical dropped 22.6 percent from last weekend -- which is still incredibly impressive considering the stiff competition from the "  LEGO " opening . Globally , "  Frozen " passed the $ 900 million mark this past weekend , making it the 28th highest grossing film of all time and the fourth highest grossing animated release . John Green 's favorite fan reactions to ` The Fault in Our Stars ' trailer Finally , "  That Awkward Moment " continues to have modest success in its second weekend in theaters , dropping 36.6 percent from its disappointing Super Bowl weekend opening . In fifth place , the Zac Efron , Miles Teller , and Michael B. Jordan bromantic comedy earned about $ 5.54 million , for a $ 16.85 million domestic total . 1 . "  The Lego Movie " -- $ 69.11 million 2 . "  The Monuments Men " -- $ 22.7 million 3 . "  Ride Along " -- $ 9.4 million 4 . "  Frozen " -- $ 6.91 million 5 . "  That Awkward Moment " -- $ 5.54 million Outside of the top five , poor "  Vampire Academy "  CinemaScore : B  opened to a dismal $ 4.1 million this weekend on 2,767 screens . The Weinstein Company needed at least double-digit earnings to consider franchise potential , but it looks like Richelle Mead 's series will go the way of recent big screen YA disappointments such as "  Beautiful Creatures " and "  The Mortal Instruments . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The LEGO Movie " earned a spectacular $ 69.11 million its opening weekend It 's the biggest opening of 2014 so far The movie blew past industry predictions Sixty percent of the audience for "  LEGO " was over 18 years old
Thousands of AmeriCorps volunteers across the country felt the effects of the government shutdown on Friday as their modest living allowances were reduced by more than a third due to a lack of funding . "  I did not know until this week what my stipend would look like and then I found out it was going to be 65 % of what I generally would expect , " said Jeffery Kearney , 30 , a volunteer in Washington . The shortage affects more than 2,000 participants in the AmeriCorps VISTA program who make a year-long commitment to work at nonprofit organizations or public agencies on projects to fight poverty . The VISTA living allowance is based on the federal poverty level , and helps volunteers pay for basic living expenses during their service , meaning even a minor reduction can force them to make some tough decisions . House proposals emerge that address debt ceiling but not shutdown "  It means that some real decisions have to be made , " said Kearney , whose $ 300 pay check was cut to approximately $ 200 on Friday . "  It literally means either a cell phone payment or a student loan payment . " Kearney and his wife moved to Silver Spring , Maryland , in 2010 after receiving master 's degrees at the University of Arkansas . Combined the couple has more than $ 200,000 in student loans and count on Kearney 's paycheck to help keep up with their payments . Founded by John F. Kennedy in 1965 as Volunteers in Service to America , today VISTA participants receive a living allowance every two weeks , and at the end of their service they 're eligible for a scholarship , which in 2012 was worth $ 5,500 . "  They 've been asked to continue to serve , they 're getting a partial payment this month , they do n't know what 's going to happen next month , so their future 's really uncertain , " said Ben Duda , executive director of AmeriCorps Alums . "  We were talking to someone on Twitter who said it was literally a choice of do I pay rent or do I buy groceries . " Federal workers ' bad day -- 40 % less in paycheck The paycheck volunteers received on Friday represents compensation for the last pay period in September , but nothing for the first days of October . Under AmeriCorps rules , volunteers are prohibited from getting a second job to help bring in extra money . If they drop out of the program , they become ineligible for the year-end scholarship . In Kearney 's case , he and his wife are counting on that scholarship to help cover student loan costs while he looks for a job next fall . Zach Maurin , executive director of Service Nation , a group that advocates on behalf of organizations like AmeriCorps , said , "  Part of the culture of the organization is that to best understand people in poverty you have to live in poverty , " said . AmeriCorps and the VISTA program are both part of the Corporation for National and Community Service . In the agency 's contingency plan posted before the shutdown , it outlines that for "  non-grant , non-cost share VISTAs , the living allowance will continue to accrue but not be paid until funding is restored . " There 's also a new class of volunteers waiting to begin their assignments whose start date may be pushed back if the government is n't reopened soon . "  What makes this so troubling is you 've got a group of people working on behalf of community members in poverty , " said Maurin . "  When these members are n't on the job or ca n't begin their term of service you have people they 're trying to help who are already on the brink of some dire circumstances . So when this level of support goes away it 's really disastrous . " In the event that the government shutdown continues , Duda and his fellow alumni are exploring ways to fill the funding gap . They posted a form online to solicit information from volunteers in need and received responses from 30 organizations and more than 300 individuals in the first 30 minutes . In total , they 've reached out to150 organizations and more than 640 VISTA volunteers to find out where the need is the greatest . "  Those of us who served in AmeriCorps know what that experience means and what it means to serve your country in national service , " Duda said . "  And when we see people serving their country faced with these dire circumstances we want to do something about it . " In some cases , local organizations are stepping in to provide assistance to their volunteers , and AmeriCorps Alums is considering soliciting donations or even taking out a private loan to help make volunteers ' paychecks whole . "  These are individuals who should be empowered and celebrated for the hard and critical work that they 're doing and not be faced with an unnecessary and really dire set of choices to make , " Duda said .	Shutdown will reduce checks for AmeriCorps volunteers by more than a third AmeriCorps volunteer on cut : "  It means that some real decisions have to be made " Volunteers are n't allowed to take part-time jobs and lose scholarship if they leave program
CNN  -- Richard Deitsch struggled through several days of denial before facing the fact that he was thousands of miles from home and he had no idea where his passport was . It 's most important to make copies of your passport , say experts . Web sites offer easy-access digital storage . The Sports Illustrated reporter was covering the 2008 Olympics in Beijing , China , where he should have been having the time of his life . But his emotions were all over the place -- and none of them were good . His passport , he assumed , had fallen out of his backpack . "  When I realized it was missing , I went through a number of stages -- panic , fear , anger , and finally , acceptance , " he wrote while enjoying a recent vacation in Russia . "  I looked for three days in every possible spot before I finally admitted to myself it was gone . " Deitsch 's bureaucratic nightmare reached a low point when he found himself inside a police station telling his story to five police officials who spoke no English . "  I was a wreck , " he wrote later in a Sports Illustrated piece . He had brought his own translator , an SI China reporter whom Deitsch credited with negotiating through the red tape and eventually saving his entire assignment . Fortunately for Deitsch , he had prepared well for such an emergency . The best thing Deitsch did , said travel experts , was to make several copies of his passport and work visa before departing for China . As a result , he had a replacement passport in his hands within a few days after he reported it missing . Experts seem to come from two schools of thought on how to protect a passport . Some prefer to lock the document away once they arrive in a destination , while others say keeping the passport with you is the best way to safeguard it . Whatever option you choose , the bottom line is , if you lose your passport you must be able to prove your identity and citizenship to the U.S. government . The best way to do it is to have a copy of your passport handy . Deitsch 's experience has prompted him to become "  hyper-vigilant " about his passport , he wrote . He usually chooses to lock the document in a safe during his travels , rarely carrying his passport on him . "  And when I do , I find myself grabbing the front of my pants-pocket every couple of minutes to make sure that it remains where it should , " he wrote . Once it 's clear your passport is lost , bring your passport copy and any other traveling or ID-related paperwork to the nearest embassy or consulate during business hours . Be prepared to spend at least four hours waiting in line , filling out forms and answering questions from officials . If you did n't bring extra ID photos with you on your trip , have some taken before heading to the embassy or consulate . Make sure the photos are cropped to the correct size for your country 's passport . If you have no paperwork , take someone in your traveling party with you . They will have to vouch for you . U.S. citizens who are traveling alone and have no other way to prove their identification will be allowed to call "  family , friends or associates " in the United States to confirm their identity , according to the U.S. State Department Web site . Laura Kidder , editorial director of Fodor 's travel guides , suggested making color copies of the passport 's data page and sticking them inside your luggage ; you can scan them into a computer and e-mail them to yourself ; or you can use an online document storage company . "  There 's one -LSB- online company -RSB- that is particularly geared for passport and travel documents , " Kidder said . She recommends the Australian Web site www.passportsupport.com , which costs about $ 15 Australian per year . "  This is the safest way to do it , which is more secure than you e-mailing it to yourself , " said Kidder . Storing your passport data on a server offers higher security , she said , because the data is encrypted . In addition to passport documents , such services also will safely store data for tickets , drivers licenses , medical papers and lists of critical contacts . Passportsupport.com users are asked to scan their documents in jpg files . Users can then upload these files to the passportsupport.com server with the Web site 's interface . Kidder said she keeps copies of her documents in her luggage when traveling , and her passport secure in the hotel -- either in a self-service safe in the hotel room or a safe operated by the front desk . Rather than safes , Robert Siciliano , CEO of IDTheftSecurity.com , said he prefers to hold his passport himself . Siciliano said he always carries his passport  and other valuables  on him , even when he heads down to a beach to relax with his laptop . He says if you plan to go in the water , know that someone is waiting to steal your stuff . Invest in portable alarms and do n't lose sight of your possessions . Siciliano said locking passports in a room safe leaves you open to the possibility of a forgotten combination . In those cases , a hotel will send someone to the room who can unlock the safe . Devices that unlock room safes can easily be bought online , Siciliano said . It 's a good example of how many people can access your room and safe if they want to go through your stuff . "  There are people out there that are focusing on you not paying attention , on you being trusting , you being naive , " he says . "  You 're putting your faith and trust in someone who might have problems . People are flawed . " The best way to protect yourself is to buy a passport holder for $ 10 - $ 20 and always keep it on you , Siciliano said . Wear it under a shirt and pull it out only if needed . Never put it in a backpack or a purse . Experts said preparation is most important ; you need to do your research and have multiple copies of everything . "  I always have backup for my backup , " Siciliano said .	American who lost passport in China : ' I was a wreck " Most important : Always bring backup proof of identity ; keep it safe Consider uploading copies of documents to secure Web site
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man who was raised at Camp Lejeune told lawmakers Thursday that he blames contaminated water at the U.S. Marines training base for his breast cancer . Government records show decades of contaminated water at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . Michael Partain , who was diagnosed two years ago at the age of 39 , told the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs that his parents were stationed at the base in North Carolina when he was born . At least 40 former U.S. Marines or sons of Marines who lived at Camp Lejeune have been diagnosed with the cancer that strikes fewer than 2,000 men a year , compared with about 200,000 women . The committee hearing was focused on exposure by military personnel to hazardous materials in the United States , Japan and Iraq , including toxic smoke from burn pits in Iraq and contaminated water . Partain said that during his mother 's pregnancy , the family was exposed to high levels of tetrachloroethylene , trichloroethylene , dichloroethylene , benzene and vinyl chloride in the tap water at the military base . "  I am one of about 40 men who share this unique commonality of male breast cancer and exposure to contaminated tap water -LSB- at -RSB- Camp Lejeune , " he told the committee . The Marines with breast cancer served or lived at Camp Lejeune between the 1960s and 1980s . Government records show that the camp 's water was contaminated for three decades . Although the Marine Corps contends that two independent studies have found no link between water contamination and later illnesses , the men facing a debilitating and possibly lethal disease do n't believe it . Partain said his illness has been been a "  traumatic , emotional and physical " ordeal for his family . Two North Carolina senators -- Richard Burr , the ranking Republican on the committee , and Kay Hagan , a Democrat who is not a panel member -- are pushing legislation that would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to cover the medical costs of Marines and their families who were exposed to the contaminated water . The provision , which has passed the Senate , would amend the Defense Appropriations Bill to prohibit the Navy from "  disposing of water-contamination claims before critical scientific studies can be completed . " According to Hagan , the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry , which is part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , is conducting human health and water modeling studies to determine whether the toxic water contributed to health problems at the base . Some of the water was contaminated with toxins at concentrations up to 280 times what is currently considered safe by the Environmental Protection Agency , Hagan said . The bill covers the period between 1957 and 1987 . "  I think it should be our mission to give these families complete answers , " she said . "  They ca n't get closure until the remaining CDC studies , which are in progress , are complete . " Sen. Roland Burris , D-Illinois , added , "  I am deeply concerned about possible environmental hazards in places where we are fighting two wars . " He and other senators agreed that current military personnel and veterans should not have to battle red tape to get health care and benefits . Russell Powell , a medic with the 1092nd West Virginia Army National Guard , said that from April 2003 to June 2004 , the unit was assigned to the Qarmat Ali water treatment plant in Basra , Iraq , to provide security for contractors with KBR , an engineering and construction company hired by the Defense Department to provide services in Iraq . When the platoon reached the plant , they found it in disarray and coated with orange-colored dust , he testified . Large bags of the dust had been ripped open , and frequent dust storms blew through the facility , he said . At no time were the security guards offered protective clothing , masks or respirators , Powell said . After a few weeks , several soldiers began getting lesions on their hands , arms , faces and nostrils . "  As a medic , I felt very concerned for the safety and health of persons exposed . I questioned one of the KBR workers , and he told me that his supervisors told him not to worry about it , that we were allergic to sand and dust , " according to Powell . When he went to a military doctor with his symptoms , the physician prescribed Motrin and Tylenol . Soon after , Powell began coughing up blood and was hospitalized . His face and lips were burned , and he could barely swallow , he said . Powell left Iraq in April 2004 , still suffering symptoms , he said . Doctors did n't know what it was . This year , he said , he received a letter from the West Virginia National Guard that said he and others may have been exposed to sodium dichromate . The medic said he 's aware that research is being done . Sodium dichromate is a poisonous red-orange crystalline compound . Another witness , Stacy Pennington , cried in the hearing room as she described the agony her brother suffered before he died . Army Staff Sgt. Steven Ochs was 27 when he was deployed to Iraq in 2003 , she said . He was assigned at one point to Balad Air Base in northern Iraq , where there was a large burn pit : a junk pit where plastics , food , medical waste and , Pennington said , possibly even body parts were burned . The toxic smoke wafted over the area . Dr. Bill Halperin , who heads a subcommittee of the Defense Health Board , an advisory committee to the Secretary of Defense , said in a presentation last year that before three incinerators were installed , the burn pit received as much as 500,000 pounds of waste a day . After Ochs returned from his third Iraq tour , he was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia , his sister said . He spent 10 months at Duke University Hospital , where doctors , she said , told him that his aggressive form of the disease was "  definitely chemically induced " by exposures to toxic materials in Iraq and Afghanistan , where Ochs also had served .	NEW : National Guard medic testifies about exposure in Iraq Man tells Senate panel that his family was stationed at base when he was born He was diagnosed with breast cancer two years ago at age 39 Family was exposed to chemicals in tap water during mother 's pregnancy , he says
CNN  -- A highly anticipated test of an experimental Ebola vaccine will begin next week at the National Institutes of Health , amid mounting anxiety about the spread of the deadly virus in West Africa . After an expedited review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , researchers were given the green light to begin what 's called a human safety trial , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . It will be the first test of this type of Ebola vaccine in humans . The experimental vaccine , developed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline and the NIAID , will first be given to three healthy human volunteers to see if they suffer any adverse effects . If deemed safe , it will then be given to another small group of volunteers , aged 18 to 50 , to see if it produces a strong immune response to the virus . All will be monitored closely for side effects . The vaccine will be administered to volunteers by an injection in the deltoid muscle of their arm , first in a lower dose , then later in a higher dose after the safety of the vaccine has been determined . Some of the preclinical studies that are normally done on these types of vaccines were waived by the FDA during the expedited review , Fauci said , so "  we want to take extra special care that we go slowly with the dosing . " The vaccine did extremely well in earlier trials with chimpanzees , Fauci said . He noted that the method being used to prompt an immune response to Ebola can not cause a healthy individual to become infected with the virus . Still , he said , "  I have been fooled enough in my many years of experience ... you really ca n't predict what you will see  in humans  . " According to the NIH , the vaccine will also be tested on healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom , Gambia and Mali , once details are finalized with health officials in those countries . Trials can not currently be done in the four countries affected by the recent outbreak -- Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria -- because the existing health care infrastructure would n't support them , Fauci said . Gambia and Mali were selected because the NIH has "  long-standing collaborative relationships " with researchers in those countries . According to the NIH , officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are also in talks with health officials from Nigeria about conducting part of the safety trial there . Funding from an international consortium formed to fight Ebola will enable GlaxoSmithKline to begin manufacturing up to 10,000 additional doses of the vaccine while clinical trials are ongoing , the pharmaceutical company said in a statement . These doses would be made available if the World Health Organization decides to allow emergency immunizations in high-risk communities . The GSK/NIAID vaccine is one of two leading candidate vaccines . The other was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed this month to NewLink Genetics , a company based in Iowa . According to the NIH , safety trials of that vaccine will start this fall . Earlier this month , the Canadian government shipped what it said was "  800 to 1,000 " doses of that vaccine to Liberia , at the government 's request . It 's not clear whether it has been given to health workers or anyone else there . Worth noting : in 2009 , an earlier version of the vaccine was given to a lab worker in Germany after he thought he had pricked himself with a needle tainted with Ebola . He did not develop the disease . While there currently is no proven treatment for Ebola beyond supportive care , government agencies and small biotech firms have been scrambling to speed up development of several potential therapies and vaccines . A third vaccine , also developed by the NIH , was recently tested in primates and found to protect them from infection ; it was given in combination with Depovax , an adjuvant that has been used with other vaccines and cancer therapies to boost the body 's immune response . While vaccines might be given to prevent infection among health workers or other people thought to be at high risk , development has also been speeded up on drugs that might potentially be given to patients who already have the disease . The drug that 's received the most attention is ZMapp , which has been given to at least seven individuals in the current outbreak , including two American missionary medical workers , Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly . The drug has never been formally tested in humans , and while the results in human patients are encouraging -- five of the seven known to have received it are still alive -- experts say there is too little data to say whether it played a role in their recoveries . Are myths making the Ebola outbreak worse ? Earlier versions of ZMapp , which received backing from the U.S. and Canadian governments as well as from biotech firms , have shown some ability to protect rhesus macaque monkeys more than two days after they were infected with the virus . Another drug , TKM-Ebola , has been tested for safety in a small number of humans . That trial was put on hold in January , after one volunteer developed moderate gastrointestinal side effects after receiving a high dose of the medication . Last week , the FDA modified the hold to a "  partial clinical hold . " In effect , this means that Tekmira could potentially be allowed to give the drug to doctors or hospitals who request it , on an emergency basis . There 's no indication that the company has received any such requests . The vaccine going into trials next week is based on an adenovirus -- a type of cold virus -- that 's found in chimpanzees . The virus delivers genetic material derived from two species of Ebola virus , including the Zaire strain that 's responsible for the current outbreak . Those genes are meant to trigger the development of antibodies in the person who receives the vaccine , antibodies that can specifically defend against Ebola . Another trial , using a version of the GSK/NIAID vaccine that uses only the Zaire strain of Ebola , will be launched in October , according to the NIH . All participants in the trial will be evaluated nine times over a 48-week period . NIH expects to reveal the results of the trial by the end of the year . If it 's approved for widespread use , the first priority will be to give the vaccine to health care workers or lab workers who are fighting the spread of the virus , Fauci said . It will then be considered for people in the communities where outbreaks occur . Nine things to know about the killer disease What happens when you survive Ebola ? CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this story .	FDA gives green light for Ebola vaccine human safety trial to begin This will be the first test of this type of Ebola vaccine in humans Vaccine will be given to 20 healthy volunteers at the NIH in Maryland
CNN  -- A first-half brace from Arjen Robben eased Bayern Munich to a 2-0 win over bottom-of-the-table Braunschweig at the Allianz Arena on Saturday to keep the reigning champions four points clear at the top of the Bundesliga . The victory is the Bavarians sixth on the bounce since drawing at Leverkusen at the beginning of October , and extends their unbeaten run in the league to 39 games . Pep Guardiola 's team , who secured a record tenth successive Champions League win in midweek , have dropped just four league points this term collecting 38 points from a possible 42 . "  It 's one game more and we won , " Guardiola said afterwards . "  We dominated possession and , in the first half , we were very strong mentally after  last Saturday 's 3-0 win at  Dortmund and the trip to Moscow . "  In the second half we did n't manage to bring  striker  Mario Mandzukic into the game , but at the end , I am happy with the performance . " Read more : Bayern honor president persecuted by Nazis Second-place Leverkusen posted a resounding 3-0 victory over second-from-bottom Nurnberg thanks to two goals from the promising young South Korean striker Son Heung-min and one from Stefan Kiessling . The result was a welcome return to winning ways for Sami Hyppia 's side who were on the receiving end of a 5-0 walloping from Manchester United in the Champions League on Wednesday . The win sees Leverkusen move up to 34 points . Third-place Borussia Dortmund also kept in touch with a 3-1 away to Mainz in a game which was goalless with 20 minutes to go . Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang opened the scoring in the 70th minute before Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting leveled for the home side from the penalty spot four minutes later . But two spot kicks from Robert Lewandowski saw the visitors home . The first was awarded in the 78th minute after Mainz midfielder Elkin Soto was shown a red card for using his hand to stop the ball going over the goal line . Lewandowski netted his second in injury time to seal three points . The win keeps Jurgen Klopp 's men in third on 31 points , six points clear of fourth-place Monchengladbach who face Freiburg on Sunday . In the bottom half of the table , Hoffenheim and Werder Bremen played out an entertaining 4-4 draw , while the game between mid-table Hertha Berlin and Augsburg ended goalless . Arsenal move seven points clear Meanwhile in the English Premier League , Arsenal extended their lead at the top of the table with a 3-0 win at Cardiff City . Welsh international Aaron Ramsey scored a brace and Mathieu Flamini added the other as Arsene Wenger 's side move up to 31 points from 13 games , seven clear of Liverpool and Chelsea who both play on Sunday -- away to Hull City and home to Southampton respectively . Everton moved up level on points with their Merseyside rivals thanks to a 4-0 hammering of Stoke City at Goodison Park . Gerard Deulofeu opened the scoring on the stroke of halftime before providing a cross for Seamus Coleman who made it 2-0 four minutes after the break . Bryan Oviedo added a third nine minutes later with Romelu Lukaku scoring his eighth goal in nine league games in the 79th minute . Norwich City move up to 14th after beating bottom side Crystal Palace 1-0 at Carrow Road , but fellow strugglers Fulham remain in the bottom three after a 3-0 defeat at the hands of West Ham United at Upton Park . The game between Aston Villa and Sunderland finished goalless . Both Manchester clubs are in action Sunday . David Moyes ' United , which is expected to include a now 40-year-old Ryan Giggs , travel to Tottenham Hotspur while City will be looking for another barnstorming performance at the Etihad Stadium when they host Swansea City . Read more : Ryan Giggs : Fit , 40 and still firing Read more : Belounis says Qatar deserves World Cup	Bayern Munich extend unbeaten league run to 39 games with win over Braunschweig Bayer Leverkusen bounce back from midweek drubbing with 3-0 win against Nurnberg Dortmund also win on Saturday to stay third and seven points behind Bayern Arsenal beat Cardiff in English Premier League to stretch lead at top to seven
CNN  -- A North Dakota woman who police say was using Facebook on her cellphone when she crashed into another car is accused of negligent homicide in the death of a great-grandmother during the May accident . Abby Sletten , 20 , appeared in Traill County District Court on Wednesday to face a count of negligent homicide , court documents said . Sletten is accused of driving 85 mph on a North Dakota highway May 27 while using her cellphone when her car rear-ended an SUV . Jennifer Meyers was driving the SUV with her daughter and 89-year-old grandmother , according to an affidavit . A witness told police he saw Meyers ' brake lights and turn signal when Sletten 's Ford Escape plowed into the car on Interstate 29 . Sletten did not brake and nearly hit the witness ' vehicle after striking Meyers ' SUV , according to the affidavit . Meyers ' grandmother , Phyllis Gordon , a Minnesota resident , was a passenger in the front seat and died on the scene , the affidavit said . Meyers and her daughter Paige , who also live in Minnesota , were treated at a hospital for non-life-threatening injuries , the court documents said . Investigators later obtained a warrant to search Sletten 's phone and determined she was looking at photos on her mobile Facebook app at the time of the crash , according to the affidavit . She had also sent text messages while driving . The lack of skid marks on the road suggested Sletten did not see Meyers ' car in front of her , the documents said . Police obtained a warrant and arrested Sletten on August 27 . North Dakota Highway Patrol Capt. Bryan Niewind said it is against state law to compose or read electronic messages while driving . Although many car accidents happen because of distracted driving , it 's difficult to determine whether cellphone usage is the cause unless officials are able to search the suspect 's phone , as they did in Sletten 's case , Niewind said . "  We do get behind vehicles and all of a sudden they 're weaving on the road , " Traill County Sheriff Mike Crocker told CNN affiliate KVLY/KXJB . "  We do initiate a traffic stop and try to find out what 's going on . Texting and driving to me ... is becoming a very serious problem . " The North Dakota texting and driving law , enacted in 2011 , prohibits drivers from reading , writing and sending electronic messages , including email , KVLY/KXJB reported . The law carries a $ 100 fine , but Crocker said a tougher law was needed . "  We got ta have a reason for them to not text and drive , " the sheriff told KVLY/KXJB . According to a 2011 survey by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , drivers between 18 and 20 have the "  highest incidence of crash or near-crash experience , " and report the highest level of phone involvement at the time of a crash or near crash . At least half the drivers said talking on a phone made no difference in how they drive . Two out of 10 drivers said they drove more slowly when talking on the phone , according to the NHTSA survey . Sletten , a resident of Hatton , is to appear in court October 8 . Her lawyer , Bruce Quick , declined to comment . Traill County State Prosecuting Attorney Stuart Larson was out of town and unavailable for comment . According to Paulette Bowersox , clerk of Traill County District Court , bail was set at $ 5,000 . Survey : Adults text more than teens while driving	Abby Sletten charged with homicide after she crashed car while using her phone Phyllis Gordon , 89 , was killed in the May 27 collision on a North Dakota highway Investigators say Sletten was viewing Facebook photos at time of accident
Ahmed Godane , the leader of the Somali militant group Al-Shabaab , was killed this week in a U.S. military operation , the Pentagon said Friday . "  The U.S. military undertook operations against Godane on Sept. 1 , which led to his death . Removing Godane from the battlefield is a major symbolic and operational loss to Al-Shabaab , " said Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby . On Monday , U.S. military conducted a strike in the African country targeting Godane , who had pledged allegiance to al Qaeda . He headed Al-Shabaab as it terrorized East Africa , killing Somali officials , aid workers and others in a spate of suicide bombings . Godane allegedly was behind 2013 's deadly siege of a Nairobi , Kenya , shopping mall . Before this week 's strike , the U.S. military was tipped off to what Kirby called "  actionable intelligence ... strong enough " to suggest Godane 's whereabouts . In response , U.S. commandos flew -- aided by drones -- into an area south of the Somali capital , Mogadishu , around 6:20 p.m.  11:20 a.m. ET  Monday . Abdikadir Mohamed Nur Sidii , governor of Somalia 's Lower Shabelle region , characterized the attack near the port city of Barawe as so ferocious "  it jolted the entire region . " Sidii said , "  I never heard such a huge and deafening blast as the result of the airstrike . " Earlier this week , Kirby did n't elaborate on how much firepower was involved , beyond the use of Hellfire and laser-guided missiles . Somali intelligence officials counted at least four such missiles . After the attack , an Al-Shababb Twitter account said one person was killed but asserted it was n't Godane . " ` Ahmed Abdi Godane ' is alive and doing fine , " the tweet said , calling itself an "  official mujahedin account " in the Islamic land of Somalia . At the time , CNN was unable to verify the authenticity of that claim on Twitter . The man behind Al-Shabaab Godane , who was also known as Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , became the leader of Al-Shabaab in 2008 . Traditionally , Al-Shabaab focused on bringing Islamic rule to Somalia , attracting dozens of ethnic Somalis -- and a few Westerners -- from the United States and Europe . But last year Godane seemed to be refocusing the group on terrorist attacks beyond Somalia -- against East African states supporting the Somali government , especially Uganda and Kenya , and against Western interests in East Africa . The September 2013 Westgate Mall attack in Kenya 's capital was Al-Shabaab 's most audacious , but the massacre that left 67 people dead was n't the group 's first strike outside Somalia . In 2010 , Al-Shabaab carried out suicide bombings in the Ugandan capital , Kampala , in which more than 70 people were killed . Still , the Westgate siege demonstrated Godane 's desire to align his group more closely with al Qaeda . In a taped message afterward , he noted the attack took place "  just 10 days after the anniversary date of the blessed 9/11 operations . " Under Godane , Al-Shabaab became a formal ally of al Qaeda . The move led to dissent in the group , which Godane dealt with ruthlessly , using his control of Al-Shabaab 's intelligence wing . The American jihadist Omar Hammami was reportedly killed in September 2013 after criticizing Godane 's leadership and his treatment of foreign fighters . Godane was said to be 37 years old , and was originally from Somaliland in northern Somalia . He was slim to the point of wispy , as seen in the few photographs of him , and preferred recording audio messages to appearing in public . A former Somali prime minister , Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke , once described Godane as the cleverest of Al-Shabaab 's leaders . The U.S. government 's Rewards for Justice program listed him under another alias , Ahmed Abdi Aw-Mohamed , and offered up to $ 7 million last year for information leading to his location .	Ahmed Godane was the leader of Somali militant group Al-Shabaab He allegedly was behind 2013 's deadly siege of a Nairobi , Kenya , shopping mall U.S. military attack killed him this week , Pentagon says His death is "  a major symbolic and operational loss to Al-Shabaab , " official says
CNN  -- Welcome to our new look at what you 're saying over the past week . ` The system is n't really encouraging ' Our weekend piece on why youths are n't being tested for HIV got more than 1,000 comments . Commenter Bradgina said they 've found that just getting an HIV test from some doctors can be a hassle , and they go to the clinic under an assumed name : "  It 's still like pulling teeth getting doctors to test for HIV , " they write . "  One doctor actually asked me , ` Do you know how hard it is to get HIV from a woman ? ' To which I replied , ' I do n't think I ever said anything about being involved with a woman . ... ' And he then offered me a test . Wow . I had to pretend to be gay to get an HIV test . " Bradgina later added that "  the system is n't really encouraging of getting tested on a regular basis anyway . " ` That will never happen , and you 're all nuts ' Another weekend piece , on fitness tips from swimsuit model Kate Upton 's trainer , sparked a lively debate on Upton 's body and curves . "  I get a little annoyed when people whine and scream about this model or that model ` being fat , ' wrote commenter dragonfire77 . "  They 're in a physical condition that is orders of magnitude better than the ` average ' American , and infinitely healthier than those twig-like , death-warmed-over models you see walking the catwalk at your average fashion show . " Commenter Deanna weighed in , "  I have a feeling that every single person who is criticizing this woman is a troll , with body hair and belly fat . Let 's see you look this hot in a bathing suit . That will NEVER happen , and you 're all nuts . " ` Do n't blame guns at all ' Another debate , with more than 1,100 comments , followed a story on Chicago 's homicide rate and the lack of a Level I trauma center on the city 's violence-plagued South Side . "  Do n't blame guns at all , " wrote commenter LMT556 in the highest-voted comment on the story . "  Poverty and single parent households are raising a violent culture . " But "  not all who are single parents or live in poverty raise violent kids , " replied commenter JoAnn Smith . "  My mom raised 11 kids , 9 boys  and  2 girls , and guess what only one of my brothers decided to do what he wanted to do and now he is dead because of his actions . ... You can not solely blame the poverty and single parenting on violence . I know people that grew up with two parents and they are just as hardheaded as those who lived in a single parent household . These parents need to stop acting like they are their kids ' friends and discipline a child when needed . " ` Hurry up and find a way to grow organs ' More than 300 commenters also shared their thoughts on the story of Molly Pearce , a California woman who needs four organs transplanted in order to survive . Some shared messages of support for Pearce , while others discussed organ donation and the meaning of "  brain dead . " "  Articles like this make me wish they would hurry up and find a way to grow organs for people who need them , " said commenter DS . "  I know they 're working on it but I still wish we had the technology already so the poor folks waiting for someone to die would n't have to anymore . "	More than 1,000 comments were posted on our youth and HIV story A piece featuring fitness tips from Kate Upton 's trainer sparked a debate A story on a woman waiting for four organs received many supportive comments
CNN  -- Duke men 's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski , affectionately known by fans and players as "  Coach K , " surpassed the all-time record for wins in men 's major college basketball with a victory Tuesday night against Michigan State at New York 's Madison Square Garden . The win , number 903 of his coaching career , broke a tie with Bobby Knight , who was Krzyzewski 's college coach and his mentor . Duke beat Michigan State 74-69 . It adds to an impressive array of statistics : 466 weeks ranked among the nation 's top 25 men 's teams , 12 times national coach of the year , 11 Final Four appearances , and four national championships . But , Krzyzewski said in a news conference earlier this week on campus , this moment almost did n't happen . He offered his resignation in the mid 1990s when he was battling illness , but that resignation was turned down . His reaction ? Thank goodness . Krzyzewski said Duke University athletic director Tom Butters told him , "  We 're not doing that . That 's not appropriate . " "  And he was right , which he was just about most of the time about things -- except my first salary , " Krzyzewski said . His career , including 32 years at Duke , has encompassed some of the most memorable moments in basketball , including beating the dominant UNLV Runnin ' Rebels on the way to his first NCAA national championship in 1991 and leading the 2008 "  Redeem Team " to an Olympic Gold medal in Beijing . Time magazine and CNN named him "  America 's Best Coach in 2001 . " Admiration for Krzyzewski extends beyond sportswriters and critics to include students and worldwide fans of the team . Students camp out in tents for days in advance to secure entrance to key games , creating a small community known as Krzyzewskiville . He 's been known to treat the fans who camp out to pizzas while they wait in line or even a pregame strategy session in the school 's gym . Anna Levina , a Duke graduate who joined other alumni at the game , said , "  We were sitting with a lot of fans who were rooting for Michigan State ... and when we won , they just stopped talking . " At the end of the game , "  everyone stood , and everyone cheered . It was absolutely awesome . "	Duke 's Krzyzewski surpasses Bobby Knight in men 's major college basketball "  Coach K " is among the most highly acclaimed coaches in the sport Krzyzewski nearly left the team in the mid-90s , but his resignation was turned down
CNN  Mars One , a group that plans to send humans on a one-way trip to Mars , has announced its final 100 candidates . They have been selected from 200,000 applicants and will go on to further testing later this year , which they expect to include team-building exercises and later , isolation . Eventually , 24 will be selected to make up six crews of four , which Mars One says they hope to launch to the Red Planet every two years from 2024 , with the aim of starting a colony there . The Dutch non-profit hopes to use existing technology to carry out the mission . However , the planet has always been a difficult target for exploration , with only around half of all unmanned missions succeeding . The journey itself is expected to take around seven months , and a recent MIT study found that , should the first explorers succeed in landing , using current technology they would likely survive just 68 days . So what kind of person chooses to go to Mars on a one-way mission ? The list of 100 finalists includes scientists and academics as well as those who are just seeking the ultimate adventure . We spoke to two of the British hopefuls . For Rigby , a chemistry graduate , who currently works as a secondary school lab technician , it is a lifelong passion for space that led to her decision to apply . "  I have always been interested in space ; I grew up in the 80s watching shuttle launches , but always used to think that space travel was just for the Americans . When the opportunity came up I had to put my name forward . " But she admits that not everyone has been happy with her decision to apply , and the risks associated . "  Generally the reaction has been overwhelmingly positive from my friends and family since I told them I was down to the final 100 , but it 's going to be difficult for my mum . I have n't told her yet , " she says . Rigby explains that when she first applied in 2013 , her mum told her she did n't want her to go as she knew she would be selected and that she would never see her daughter again . "  I am very divided by it , but the way I see it , I have a responsibility to more people , " Rigby says . She believes that the whole purpose of the mission is to inspire a new generation and that she has a responsibly to those who come after her . And she is unfazed by those who claim the whole idea is improbable : "  Pioneers are always ridiculed , but I am doing this for something better , which will hopefully benefit more people than just staying at home and keeping my mum happy . " Opinion : How will space explorers cope with isolation ? It is this sense of responsibility and passion for the plans which drove Rigby through her selection process . Her initial video application included a speech she had rehearsed several times , talking about how Mars One is all about doing something for the greater good . She also had to take a standard medical examination and then a 15-minute interview , where Rigby was quizzed on past Mars missions and plans for Mars One . She succeeded in answering every question correctly . As for the risk -- "  of course I am scared , " she says . "  It 's something that has never been done before , it 's a leap into the unknown . When people ask me why I am going to Mars to die , I say we are all going to die , but it 's important what you do before you die . " "  I applied because it is the ultimate opportunity , " explains Weedon , a 27-year-old manager who describes herself as somebody who does n't want to lead the ordinary "  nine-to-five " kind of life . "  I want to be able to go down in history , " she says . "  I want to be able to say I made a difference to the future of mankind . " Weedon does n't have a background in science , but says she is driven by the challenge . It 's an aspiration shared by her family : Weedon 's brother also applied but was not selected for the final 100 . "  My brother is pretty jealous , but the rest of my friends and family are proud and excited . " The only exception is Weedon 's boyfriend , who does n't want her to go . Weedon thinks it was her teamworking skills which saw her through this far -- in her current job she works as part of a group of four , the same size as the planned Mars One crew . But she 's not pretending a trip to Mars is going to be a walk in the park . "  When I think about it seriously I am petrified , " she says , "  but that does n't put me off , it drives me forward . " Though she admits she does n't know if she is the right person for the job : "  Nobody can say 100 % how they will react until training . " Like many who applied , the chance to join the small group of people who have left our planet is the biggest draw for Weedon . But there are still questions over whether the mission will even happen . As well as the MIT study raising doubts over the technology , Mars One must raise an estimated $ 6 billion , which it hopes to achieve through various methods , including crowdfunding , sponsorship and sales . But Weedon is optimistic . "  I definitely think it will happen , but in terms of the current roadmap , I just do n't know whether it will happen on time , " she says . "  A lot will depend on the unmanned missions planned for 2018 . " Not daunted by the prospect of leaving behind friends and family , Weedon believes that the one-way trip is what needs to be done if we are ever to colonize Mars . "  Leaving will be a test of character , but we will still have contact through emails -- it 's not game over . " Astronaut set to spend one year in space	Mars One announces 100 candidates for Mars colony First launch is planned for 2024 , to land in 2025 There are doubts over the feasibility of the project , but "  pioneers are always ridiculed , " says Mars hopeful Alison Rigby
New York  CNN  -- A Boston-bound Amtrak train derailed Monday afternoon just east of New York City 's Penn Station , the rail service said . No injuries were reported among the approximately 147 passengers and an unspecified number of crew members , Amtrak said in a news release . It called the accident , which occurred at 12:25 p.m. , a "  low-speed derailment . " The passengers were taken back to Penn Station in Manhattan , where arrangements were made to "  provide them travel on another train , " Amtrak said . The line also is used by the Long Island Railroad . But Amtrak said the East River tunnels , which take trains from Manhattan to Long Island , "  are not blocked and Amtrak and Long Island Railroad trains are operating through the area with minimal delays . "	A low-speed derailment occurs just east of Penn Station , Amtrak says No injuries are reported ; Amtrak arranges for the passengers to be put on other trains
CNN  -- April 27 , 2011 , was quite the busy day for my colleagues at CNN.com . It was two days and counting until the royal wedding of Britain 's Prince William and Kate Middleton , and the site was getting all its ducks in a row for the big event . But I was nowhere near the newsroom that day . I was in a hotel conference room in another state , auditioning to be on the long-running TV game show "  Jeopardy! " for the fourth time . For almost 20 years I 've tried to get on "  America 's Favorite Quiz Show , " going all the way back to my freshman year in college , where I missed passing the written test by "  one question "  not really , but the contestant coordinators asked us to say that as they did not reveal actual scores  . I 've auditioned for the show in three states and the District of Columbia . I traveled eight hours by car for the 2011 audition , and five hours by train for the college test . And I do n't regret a single moment of it . I 've been told that I 'm obsessed with game shows . I prefer to call myself a "  super fan . " I 've auditioned for 11 game shows , and appeared on three of them . Back in 2001 , I appeared on ABC 's "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " following my 80th or so attempt to qualify via phone auditions . I made it to the "  hot seat , " lasting all of two minutes before I bombed out on a $ 500 question on collar stays . I went home with nothing , but was invited back a few weeks later to compete in a special game starring all the show 's "  zero dollar " winners . With new found confidence , I bounced back to win $ 64,000 before calling it a night . I 've been a "  phone a friend " for six "  Millionaire " contestants until the show dropped the lifeline in 2009 . I competed on ESPN 's "  Two-Minute Drill " in 2001 , winning $ 5,000 and getting a chance to chat up Dara Torres and Darryl Dawkins . I appeared as a "  mob member " on NBC 's "  1 vs. 100 " in 2006 , falling short on a question regarding salad creators -- I never did watch that "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " episode confirming that Bob Cobb had a namesake salad . And I was an interactive champion on the 2000 Fox Family game "  Paranoia , " winning a top-of-the-line desktop computer with camera . So how did this all start ? I ca n't pinpoint the exact date I suddenly got interested in game shows , but family members insist it started while I was a crawling toddler . One relative joked  I hope  that my first complete sentence was "  X gets the square , " a reference to the long-running "  Hollywood Squares . " When I was 6 , I was barred from watching "  Family Feud " after I got caught kissing a first-grade female classmate . When my long-suffering teacher , Mrs. Kaplan , asked me why I did that , I explained that Richard Dawson did it every night , and he did n't get punished . To me , game shows were the place to go to see magic and happiness occur on a daily basis . Where else could you see ordinary Americans win cash and prizes just by answering questions , solving puzzles or performing silly stunts ? Game shows gave me the opportunity to expand my knowledge beyond what I learned in school , books and newspapers . For a time , getting home from school meant having a snack and working on long division while watching "  The Joker 's Wild " and "  Tic Tac Dough . " More than once , my 9-year-old self squealed in delight for knowing answers that the contestants could n't handle . The game show hosts were like Santa Claus -- rewarding the "  nice " contestants with cash , cars and bedroom sets , while punishing the "  naughty " players with zonks , whammies and lifetime supplies of Turtle Wax and Rice-a-Roni . Over time , the hosts were part of the family . I saw Bill Cullen , who hosted more than 20 game shows in a career spanning five decades , as the grandfatherly figure who was quick with a kind word whether you were happy or sad . Dick Clark , who helmed various incarnations of "  Pyramid , " was the stern but fair teacher who could throw out a joke , but knew when to be serious . And Richard Dawson was the life of the party , but someone who always made sure that you were having fun , as well . Admittedly , few understood my love of the genre . Classmates were only interested in game shows when they were hip to the crowd , such as "  Press Your Luck " or MTV 's "  Remote Control . " Family members were confused at times , but did play along . One California vacation included a visit to a taping of "  Win , Lose or Draw , " where I got to chat with game show legend Charles Nelson Reilly between tapings . But , for the most part , my love of the genre was something I kept to myself . And when the genre became passÃ © in the early 90s , and talk shows and similar fare took over the landscape , I simply forgot about big bucks and no whammies . Then came college , adulthood and the World Wide Web . It was there that I found people who were just like me -- game show fans who loved talking about game shows past , present and future . We reviewed shows , compared hosts and rooted each other on as we went out on auditions . One friend sent me a cassette of game show themes that included a cover of "  Route 66 " by Depeche Mode that featured a commercial for the Tom Kennedy version of "  Name That Tune , " voiced by the legendary Ernie Anderson . Another sent me a "  Price is Right " coffee mug . A few times we got together in California for a "  Game Show Congress , " where we honored the past , present and future of the genre . Hosts , producers , announcers and contestants would gather to discuss game shows with fans like me , as well as play our own versions of the games we grew up and watched . It 's that sense of community that made me feel blessed when I learned this week that Richard Dawson passed away . As soon as I heard the news , I went online to a game show message board I frequent . There , I read stories from friends and colleagues about how much they enjoyed Dawson 's work as an actor and emcee . Through the forum , I found a YouTube clip of a short-lived 1970s game show called "  Masquerade Party , " which Dawson hosted a few years before "  Family Feud . " And I learned that Dawson may not have been the first choice to host "  Feud ; " Geoff Edwards , Jack Narz and William Shatner were all supposedly under consideration . One of the great things about the online world is that , if you look hard enough , you can find people who share your interests and embrace them . I do n't know the size of the game show community , but I know that we are loyal to the genre . My wife and her family have also developed "  game show fever . " My wife , who 's more of a casual game show fan , joined me at a Game Show Congress in 2006 . She was n't sure what to expect , but my friends welcomed her with open arms . I still remember her being the top player in a game of "  Bruce Forsyth 's Hot Streak "  a short-lived 80s ABC game show hosted by the legendary British emcee  . She also helped me recruit three members of her family to audition for the Steve Harvey edition of "  Family Feud " two years ago . We did n't get the call to play , but we had a ton of fun giving it a try . As for me , I do n't know what my future in game shows holds , as I have n't been impressed with the programs that have aired in recent years . Most of them seem to follow the rules of so-called "  reality " shows -- larger-than-life contestants , silly conflicts and manufactured drama . A few shows stay true to the form I grew up with , but those series are few and far between . Which brings me back to "  Jeopardy! " As of now , I 'm on the waiting list to be a contestant . Between now and the end of the year , I may get a call to be on the show . If not , I 'll just wait for the next online test and try again . Either way , I 'm not going to let the dream fade away .	The author has a thing for game shows He has been a phone a friend for six "  Millionaire " contestants The recent death of "  Family Feud " host Richard Dawson brought back memories
CNN  -- Armed men attacked a displaced persons camp in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo early Sunday , raping women and looting at a facility where tens of thousands of people have taken refuge , a U.N. official said . Simplice Kpandji , a spokesman for the United Nations ' refugee agency , said it was unclear whether anyone had been killed at the camp , which is about 10 kilometers from Goma , the border city that has been a flashpoint for fighting between government troops and the M23 rebel group . The Mugunga III camp houses more than 30,000 displaced people , many of whom fled to the camp when rebels advanced on Goma , Kpandji said . The attackers ' identity was unknown , he said , and officials were working on gathering more information . Word of the attack came as U.N. monitors confirmed that rebels had withdrawn from Goma , more than a week after they seized the city from government forces . Fighters from the M23 rebel group boarded trucks and other vehicles to head north to outside of the 20 kilometer buffer zone stipulated by regional leaders , U.N. peacekeepers in Congo said in a statement . Earlier they had begun leaving Sake , a town to the west of Goma . M23 rebels also left their posts at the border crossing with Rwanda . Tensions mounted in Goma as several disputes arose . The M23 wanted to take a large cache of ammunition left by fleeing Congolese soldiers , according to a reporter on the ground who was not named for his safety . The U.N. peacekeeping prevented the rebels from doing so , and also stopped the rebels from taking vehicles donated to the government by the European Union , the reporter said . The rebel group has been accused of widespread looting by the United Nations and Goma residents . Government forces also looted as they fled last week , witnesses said . The United Nations welcomed M23 's move , but said the group must cease military activity and stay outside of Goma . "  We welcome this withdrawal , but emphasize that this is an early step and that stability in the region remains very fragile , " said Kieran Dwyer , spokesperson for U.N. peacekeepers . Regional leaders and the African Union had called for the rebels ' withdrawal from Goma , supposed to have been completed by Thursday , as a condition of starting negotiations . The regional leaders ' plan foresees an integrated force being deployed for an initial period of three months at Goma airport , Ugandan Gen. Aronda Nyakairima said earlier this week . It would include a 100-strong neutral force , which would be in command , 100 troops from the Congolese army , and 100 members of the M23 , Nyakairima said . Two military observers would also be deployed from each of the neighboring regional powers , while MONUSCO would be responsible for securing the buffer zone outside Goma , he said . The regional leaders also called on the rebels to "  stop all war activities , " and "  stop talk of overthrowing an elected government . " The latest violence has forced more than 140,000 people to flee their homes , according to the U.N. refugee agency , on top of those already forced from their homes by previous rounds of fighting in the volatile region . And aid groups warn the conflict risks triggering a broader humanitarian crisis . Why Congo needs our help The M23 group was named for a peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly Tutsis , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army in April , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised , and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions . The latest unrest continues a cycle of misery in eastern DR Congo , a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . The area has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals after the genocide in that country . Why the world is ignoring Congo war	It is unclear whether anyone was killed in the attack , a U.N. official says Attackers looted a displaced persons camp and raped women there , the official says The attack comes after U.N. monitors confirm that rebels have withdrawn from Goma The rebels were told by regional leaders to withdraw at least 12 miles from the city
CNN Student News  -- October 27 , 2009 Downloadable Maps Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan & Pakistan • Los Angeles & San Diego • Ft. Jackson , South Carolina Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . NATISHA LANCE , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A member of the military is making history . We 'll explain how in today 's edition of CNN Student News . Hi , everyone . Carl Azuz is off this week . I 'm Natisha Lance . First Up : Afghan Crashes LANCE : First up , Pakistan and Afghanistan . The countries share a border , and they also share a common problem : threats from militant groups and terrorists like the Taliban and al Qaeda . It 's an issue facing both nations ' governments , and one that the U.S. government is concerned about as well . That 's why President Obama has been holding a series of meetings with some of his advisers . They 're reviewing the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan . Samantha Hayes has the latest on those meetings and on the violence in the region . BEGIN VIDEO SAMANTHA HAYES , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : Two helicopter crashes make it the deadliest day in four years for Americans in Afghanistan . While a NATO security force spokesman says enemy fire is not to blame , the loss of 14 Americans comes while President Barack Obama is considering a request to send thousands more troops to the region to fight al Qaeda . The president addressed service men and women in Jacksonville , Florida Monday , after a White House meeting with his national security team . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Fourteen Americans gave their lives , and our prayers are with these service members , their civilian colleagues and the families who loved them . HAYES : The deadliest of the two crashes happened following a raid on suspected drug traffickers , and three DEA agents were among those killed . Also among the dead , three U.S. civilians , members of the embassy community . The State Department says the efforts of civilians and other nonmilitary personnel are essential to the overall mission . JACOB LEW , DEPUTY SECRETARY OF STATE : Improving Afghan governance , providing security , justice , jobs and services , and giving the Afghan people a meaningful alternative , as much as possible , to the Taliban 's recruiting . HAYES : Democratic Senator John Kerry , off of a recent trip to the region , addressed those efforts and the U.S. relationship with the Afghan government in a Washington speech . SEN. JOHN KERRY ,  D  MASSACHUSETTS : The fact that the Afghan government has not prosecuted a single high level drug trafficker damages all of our efforts because it goes to the fundamental question of credibility . HAYES : President Obama 's White House meeting was the sixth in a series of high-level discussions about what to do in Afghanistan , as the administration awaits results from that country 's November 7th presidential runoff . For CNN Student News , I 'm Samantha Hayes . END VIDEO I.D. Me CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I was born in 1939 in Searchlight , Nevada . I was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 , and I 'm currently the Senate Majority Leader , which means I 'm the highest ranking member of the Senate 's majority party . I 'm Harry Reid , a Democrat who is the senior senator from Nevada . Public Option LANCE : And in that role as majority leader , it 's Sen. Reid 's job to help combine health care bills from different committees into a single bill that can be presented to the entire Senate . Yesterday , Sen. Reid announced that the combined bill will include a government-run health care program ; what 's been called the public option . During his announcement , Reid also said that the bill will let individual states choose not to take part in the public option . They would have until the year 2014 to make that decision . This has been one of the most controversial issues in the debate over health care reform . Critics argue that if companies use the public option , then some people might lose the health care coverage that they currently have and are happy with . But Sen. Reid believes it 's an important part of the reform . SEN. HARRY REID ,  D-NV  SENATE MAJORITY LEADER : I believe that the public option can achieve a goal of bringing meaningful reform to our broken system . It will protect consumers , keep insurers honest , ensure competition , and that 's why we intend to include it in the bill that we submitted , that will be submitted to the Senate . Tea Party Protests LANCE : Meanwhile , the Tea Party Express is back on the road , protesting issues like government involvement in health care . The Express , which is named for both the organization and its bus , launched a new tour Sunday in California with rallies in San Diego and Los Angeles , where some people actually showed up to protest the Tea Party protesters . The Express plans to hold demonstrations in dozens of cities over the next several weeks . One of the group 's main goals is the push for less government involvement , and these rallies also aim to give people who feel that way an opportunity to express their views . CHRIS KEAYS , TEA PARTY PROTESTER : We need to get back to the days when we were responsible and we assumed the responsibility of ourselves and our families , and the government is not a part of my daily life . I really resent the government taking up so much of my time that I 'm down here having to protest right now . New Jobs Outlook LANCE : And some potentially good news for the U.S. economy : A new survey indicates that companies are planning to hire more employees in the very near future . The report from the National Association of Business Economics says for the first time since the recession started nearly two years ago , the number of employers planning to hire workers over the next six months is higher than the number of jobs that are expected to be cut during that same time . The country 's current unemployment rate is 9.8 percent . That 's the highest the statistic has been in more than a quarter century . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What base is home to the U.S. Army 's Drill Sergeant School ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Fort Bragg , B  Fort Hood , C  Fort Jackson or D  Fort Knox ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You 'll find the Army 's Drill Sergeant School at Fort Jackson , South Carolina . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Top Drill Sergeant LANCE : Drill sergeants are responsible for training tens of thousands of soldiers every year . And the head of the Drill Sergeant School , its commandant , is responsible for training them . The current commandant broke new ground when she took over the position last month because she 's the first she to head up the school . Jason Carroll introduces us to this trailblazing soldier . BEGIN VIDEO JASON CARROLL , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Historically , this is the image of the military drill sergeant : a tough guy . That was then ; this is now . At 48 , Command Sergeant Major Teresa King is the first woman to lead the Army 's Drill Sergeant Training School . What are you looking for ? I mean , because it all pretty much looks like everybody 's exercising to me . CMD . SGT. MAJOR TERESA KING : I 'm looking for attention to detail , conformance . CARROLL : Before sunrise at Ft. Jackson , South Carolina , King readies her drill instructor candidates for a rigorous run . What 's wrong with that ? KING : That 's too big , Top . You need to break it up . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Fall out ! CARROLL : She leads by example . King runs the five-mile course from the front of the pack , outperforming men half her age . STAFF SGT. LERON DELANEY , U.S. ARMY : She 's older than me , so if I fall out and she 's still running , I feel bad . CARROLL : Extinguishing those who think a woman ca n't be commandant . SGT. 1ST CLASS MICHAEL CHILDS , U.S. ARMY : We 've got to stay on top of our game even more than we used to with her , because she 's that sharp . CARROLL : King says she wakes up some mornings still shocked she is commandant . KING : I had never considered it , although I 've been in training for about seven years . But I never considered it , the Drill Sergeant School . CARROLL : King 's first Army job some 30 years ago was postal clerk , but her hero , General George Patton , inspired her . KING : I saw that he had the respect of his men . And I saw he was resolute . CARROLL : King eventually rose through the ranks , excelling at training infantry men and paratroopers alike . KING : I 'm doing what I 've always done . It 's just now , people are paying attention to it . CARROLL : And to her opinions . The military prohibits women from serving in front line combat roles . King trains men for combat and thinks it 's time to train qualified women . KING : I think if they can do it , they should be allowed to do it . CARROLL : The reality : Women make up 14 percent of active soldiers in the Army . Some women question how many others will follow in King 's footsteps . OPERATIONS SGT. ANGELA ANDREWS , U.S. ARMY : I would n't say it opens the door , but it may crack it somewhat . CARROLL : King says she will continue to lead by example . KING : I have vision . And I believe I can cause people to do some things that they thought they never could do . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , some science projects can balloon out of control . Which was the whole point of this experiment in Indiana . College students filled this high altitude balloon with helium and then let it fly away . The thing actually climbed 90,000 feet before ... awww . Looks like their bubble burst . Actually , they knew it would . The cameras and sensors inside the balloon gently parachuted back to the ground . So in the end , the experiment was a total success . Goodbye AZUZ : Just do n't tell that to the students . We would n't want them to get an inflated ego . That 's all the time we have for today . For CNN Student News , I 'm Natisha Lance .	Consider U.S. efforts to offer Afghan citizens an alternative to the Taliban Hear how a proposed health care bill addresses the issue of the public option Meet a soldier who is making history at the U.S. Army Drill Sergeant School Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
New York  CNN  -- A New York district attorney recommended Monday that charges be dropped against former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who was accused more than three months ago of sexually assaulting a hotel housekeeper . In "  a recommendation for dismissal " filed in court Monday , two prosecutors in the Manhattan district attorney 's office laid out their arguments for requesting that numerous charges -- including attempted rape and sexual assault -- be dismissed , citing fresh evidence and questions about the accuser 's credibility . "  The nature and number of the complainant 's falsehoods leave us unable to credit her version of events beyond a reasonable doubt , whatever the truth may be about the encounter between the complainant and the defendant , " the document states . "  If we do not believe her beyond a reasonable doubt , we can not ask a jury to do so . " The prosecutors voiced concern that the case appeared to rest exclusively on the housekeeper Nafissatou Diallo , predicting her "  falsehoods " would be "  devastating " if revealed during a trial . They claim she "  has not been truthful in matters great and small , " including lying about a "  gang rape , as well as other details about her life in  her native  Guinea . " In the document , the district attorney 's office notes that DNA testing indicated semen on her dress matched Strauss-Kahn and shows there was a sexual encounter . There was "  no trauma to her body or oral cavity " and "  scrapings from underneath her fingernails ... yielded no results . " Moreover , prosecutors claim Diallo 's current story of her "  prompt outcry to her first supervisor is inconsistent with certain aspects of that supervisor 's account . " "  All of the evidence that might be relevant to the contested issues of force and lack of consent is simply inconclusive , " wrote the prosecutors . The decision to drop charges -- which still needs to be approved by a judge -- was cheered by Strauss-Kahn 's attorney and jeered by the alleged victim 's lawyer , as well as some women 's rights advocates . A status hearing for the case is scheduled for Tuesday . Kenneth Thompson , who represents Diallo , addressed reporters after meeting with prosecutors Monday afternoon for less than half an hour . Hours earlier , he filed his own motion asking a judge to halt proceedings in the case and appoint a special prosecutor . "  Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance has denied the right of a woman to get justice in a rape case , " Thompson said . "  He has not only turned his back on this innocent victim , but he has also turned his back on the forensic , medical and other evidence in this case . "  If the Manhattan district attorney , who is elected to protect our mothers , our daughters , our sisters , our wives and our loved ones , is not going to stand up for them when they 're raped or sexually assaulted , who will ? " But Strauss-Kahn 's U.S.-based attorneys , William W. Taylor and Benjamin Brafman , lauded the decision to drop charges , saying it vindicates their consistent claims that their client is innocent and his accuser "  was not credible . " "  Mr. Strauss-Kahn and his family are grateful that the District Attorney 's office took our concerns seriously and concluded on its own that this case can not proceed further , " the attorneys said in a statement . Aside from the court filing , there was no immediate comment from the office of District Attorney Vance on the attorneys ' statements , and his office earlier declined to comment on the motion . Thompson had said before the meeting Monday that he believed Vance was going to drop the charges . A grand jury indicted the then-IMF chief in May over allegations he sexually assaulted housekeeper Diallo in his New York hotel suite . He pleaded not guilty and , after several days behind bars , was ordered held on house arrest . But on July 1 , a judge freed him after prosecutors learned Diallo had lied about the specifics of her whereabouts after the incident and past details of an asylum application and information on tax forms . Prosecutors said she admitted lying on the asylum application about having been a victim of a gang rape , even providing details of an attack and later admitting it never happened . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys have insisted that any sexual encounter was consensual . Diallo , who has conducted high-profile interviews about the case , and her attorneys have said Strauss-Kahn attacked her , and that her case should go to trial . Attorneys for Diallo complain she is being treated by prosecutors like a criminal defendant and not an alleged victim . And in a rally after the district attorney 's court filing Monday , some of her supporters urged prosecutors to still pursue the case and warned about the message sent by dropping charges . "  Are we telling  sexual assault victims  that if they dare to name a powerful , politically connected man as their abuser , they will see their whole life laid out to be judged publicly ? " asked New York City councilwoman Letitia James . "  What does it take for a low-income immigrant -- a woman of color -- to publicly name one of the most powerful men in Europe as a sexual abuser ? " Diallo has filed a civil lawsuit against Strauss-Kahn , without specifying the financial damages she was seeking . Entering Monday 's meeting , Thompson said he suspected -- based on the contents of a letter he received Friday -- that Vance intended to drop charges . That prompted the alleged victim 's motion filed Monday , which cites allegations of "  abuse of confidence , unfair treatment and bias and prejudices " by Vance that , Diallo 's attorneys claim , should disqualify him from the case . This motion is Thompson 's second effort to remove Vance from the case . In July , he asked Vance to step down and appoint a special prosecutor . Vance then declined . "  This is not a ` he said , she said ' case , " Thompson said Sunday . "  If you go back to the hearing on May 16 , when  an assistant district attorney  called the evidence against Strauss-Kahn ` substantial ' and he said the medical exam  of Diallo  supports her account , this is not a ` he said , she said ' case . "  There is overwhelming evidence to support that a sex assault occurred , " Thompson said . After Diallo took her case public , Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys , William Taylor and Benjamin Brafman , put out a statement saying , "  Ms. Diallo is the first accuser in history to conduct a media campaign to persuade a prosecutor to pursue charges ... against a person from whom she wants money . " Attorney Douglas Wigdor , who is working on Diallo 's behalf in Paris , said Monday that he was to meet with several people prior to a news conference scheduled for Tuesday . Wigdor would not reveal with whom he is talking Monday and Tuesday , however a source familiar with the meetings said one of them is a French journalist , Tristane Banon , who filed a formal complaint against Strauss-Kahn in France for an alleged attack in 2002 . The accused has filed a counter-suit for slander . Banon 's mother also claims she was attacked by Strauss-Kahn . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says that Strauss-Kahn should now be able to breathe easier and "  return to some semblance of his former life . " But he said that no one involved in the case "  comes out of it looking very good . " "  This is a case that looks like it has nothing but losers -- the alleged victim , the defendant , and the prosecutor , " Toobin said . "  The conclusion is likely to be entirely satisfying to no one . "	NEW : The DA says evidence related to "  force and lack of consent " is "  inconclusive " The DA 's office says it does n't believe the accuser "  beyond a reasonable doubt " Strauss-Kahn is "  grateful " the DA "  took our concerns seriously , " his lawyers say The alleged victim 's attorney says the DA "  turned his back " on his client
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Sandra Bullock was inside her Los Angeles home when a man allegedly tried to break in Sunday , police said . Joshua James Corbett , 39 , was arrested outside the residence by police responding to a "  hot prowler " call at 6:30 a.m. , according to a Los Angeles Police spokeswoman . Corbett was charged with felony residential burglary and was being held in a Los Angeles jail on $ 50,000 bond , LAPD Officer Wendy Reyes said Monday . Bullock , who also has a home in Texas , was in Los Angeles over the weekend to receive the "  Decade of Hotness Award " at the Guys Choice Awards . Her west Los Angeles home is surrounded by a chain-linked fence topped with barbed wire . No court date has been set for Corbett , but if he gets out he must stay away from the "  Gravity " star . Bullock 's representatives did not respond to CNN requests for comment . Police did not release any additional information about Corbett , and CNN has been unable to identify a lawyer for him . CNN has confirmed through FAA records that Corbett has a private pilot 's license . CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Joshua James Corbett is charged with felony residential burglary Police found Corbett inside the chain-lined fence surrounding Bullock 's home , the LAPD says Police have given little information about the suspect Corbett held a private pilot 's license to fly small aircraft , according to FAA records
CNN  Hey , nature , thanks for reminding us that you are not to be played with . Unless you are an adorable Australian quokka . We would play with them all day long . From battling water creatures to lions opening car doors , animals have taken center stage on social media . And this is not your typical animal kingdom . Check it out : This bald eagle protecting her eggs in the snow in Pennsylvania has captured the Internet 's heart . There is even a live stream . According to Mashable , digital media producer Benjamin Savard was working on a video for the science department at Middlebury College in Vermont on Monday when he put a GoPro in a waterproof case inside an octopus tank . The octopus grabbed it , took some selfies and then snapped a shot of Savard . Which , of course , brings to mind the epic battle last month between an octopus and crab on an Australian beach . This octopus at the Seattle Aquarium decided enough was enough last month and tried to escape its tank . Land creatures are not to be outdone , however . A video from 2014 gained attention this week , showing a lion opening the car door of a family driving through a safari park in South Africa . As someone in the car says , "  Oh , my gosh , I did n't know they could do that . " We are still giggling at the #WeaselPecker phenomenon : a photo of a weasel hitching a lift on the back of a flying woodpecker . The memes , people , the memes ! Finally , our beloved quokkas , a type of rodent , are the new stars of Instagram as folks in Australia clamor for selfies .	A bald eagle has been braving snow to protect her nest Octopi have been acting up A lion scared a family at a safari park by opening their car door Quokkas are the cutest rodents ever , and they 're all over Instagram
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says he will accept the results of a referendum this month that could see the country split in two . Al-Bashir said "  peace is our ultimate goal " with southern Sudan , which could become an independent state after the January 9 vote . He called on the government in the south to provide a safe environment for the referendum . "  The referendum process shall go on with God 's blessings , with the trust of our commitment that we will renew at this moment , " al-Bashir said , "  and accepting the result that will come from the desire of the citizens and their choices . " Al-Bashir made the comments in a speech Friday marking Sudan 's 55th Independence Day . He also promised to negotiate what comes after the referendum . "  Our acceptance of the final results will not be withdrawn or hesitated about , " he said , "  because the peace is our ultimate goal in our relationships with our southern brothers , even if they choose a path other than unity . " The referendum is part of a 2005 peace agreement that ended two decades of violence between the north and oil-rich south . The conflict led to the deaths of 2 million people , many from starvation . The impending vote has sparked fears of renewed violence . Al-Bashir has been leader of Sudan since 1989 . He is wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , on allegations of war crimes and genocide in western Sudan 's Darfur region , where violence that erupted in 2003 has left at least 300,000 people dead .	"  Peace is our ultimate goal , " President Omar al-Bashir says He will abide by referendum result , he says during speech Southern Sudan will vote this month on whether to become independent state
CNN  -- Yes , it 's great to travel light . Sure , too much tech can make life trickier , not easier . No , that 's not going to stop us listing some of the coolest gadgets , gizmos and accessories that could just make you the happiest traveler this side of the Apple store .  If only till you lose them/have them stolen . Narrative clip-on camera This is a tiny five-megapixel camera that clips onto your clothes and does the work for you , automatically taking two photos every minute when turned on . The accompanying app lets you save , organize and search the images . Narrative , $ 279 . Modern-twist mark-mat A washable mark-mat is a great time-waster for kids to draw on . The doodle-friendly placemats feature scenes from several top cities , including Paris and New York , and come alone or with four dry-erase markers so kids can wipe off their work and start over again . Modern-twist , $ 18-25 . Dom Reilly Watch Roll This layer of high-tech foam  the same stuff used in F1 cars  protects your timepieces from 97 % of the shock from an impact . Dom Reilly , $ 500 . Smythson Chameleon Collection Travel Journal Jotting down your travel-related musings is made less choresome by this luxurious notebook , which has a goatskin cover and ultra-thin pages . Smythson , $ 280 . Fitkit fitness solution This portable fitness solution combines resistance bands , handled resistance tubes , a jump rope , pedometer and more in a handy package weighing less than two pounds . Fitkit , $ 34.99 . SleepPhones A "  headphone in a headband " that fits snugly around your ears and provides hours of audio to help reduce ambient noises ? Finally ! The wireless version  $ 99.95  syncs with your smart phone or other Bluetooth-enabled device . SleepPhones , $ 39.95 . Scottevest Blackout Pocket You can foil , or at least delay , digital thieves with this high-tech clothing pocket . The totable 5x6.5-inch pouch is lined with an RFID-blocking material , securing the info on credit cards and cellphones from scanners , skimmers and the like . SCOTTEVEST , $ 20-40 . Panasonic HX-A500 wearable camcorder This is the world 's first 25-frame-a-second , 4K  very high resolution  wearable camcorder , worn on any part of the body and operated with a separate control panel . It can record underwater and if your shots are wonky , it 'll automatically level them out . Panasonic , $ 399.99 . BioLite CampStove The BioLite CampStove can toast your marshmallows and charge your smart phone . By burning a few sticks inside , enough electricity is generated to charge multiple electronic devices , while you heat water , grill some burgers or sear some s'mores . Biolitestove , $ 129.95 . Clever Travel Companion secure clothing Cash , passports and other treasures can be secured in the hidden pockets of a stylish line of T-shirts , tank tops and , yes , even undies and long johns . Clever Travel Companion , starting at $ 21.90 . SwaggerTag This is a colorful ID tag to personalize your baggage using a family photo , the logo of your favorite sports team or any other image . Your personal information is stored safely inside . SwaggerTag , $ 3.99 . SteriPEN Ultra This clever piece of kit eliminates 99.9 % of bacteria from water in just 48 seconds . The UV lamp can be used to treat 8,000 one-liter containers . SteriPEN , $ 99.95 . Zeiss Victory HT 8x42 binoculars These binoculars claim to offer the best light transmission on the market , which means you 'll still get great vision on the cloudiest of days . They 're also extremely tough , with housing made from high tensile magnesium and a coating that repels water . Cabelas , $ 2,249.99 . Trakdot luggage tracker Trakdot is a compact unit outfitted with a GSM chip that you tuck in your bag , allowing you to track its location on your computer or smart phone . The price tag includes activation and your first year 's service . Trakdot , $ 89.99 . Bentley Mulsanne B-001 WG sunglasses First step on the road to owning a Bentley car -- the Bentley sunglasses . Made from white gold and featuring the same B found on your Bentley Mulsanne gear lever  if you own one  , even the case is impressive -- a reassuringly solid box designed to fit perfectly into the center console of your Bentley . Again , if you own one . Bentley Eyewear , $ 15,950 . "  Dog Lover 's Guide To Travel " Kelly Carter 's new book dishes advice on everything from prepping your pooch for a trek to the beach  yes , they should wear sunscreen  to finding the most Fido-friendly hotels , restaurants , parks and more in 75 cities across North America . "  The Dog Lover 's Guide to Travel , " $ 22.95 . Ultimate Bag on Wheels pet carrier Sherpa 's Ultimate Bag on Wheels pet carrier is a medium-sized bag with wheels for animals weighing up to 16 pounds . It 's part of the company 's Guaranteed on Board program , ensuring acceptance on Delta , Southwest and most other major airlines . Ultimate on Wheels , $ 147 . Simple.be metal-free belts Simple.be makes metal-free belts that wo n't set off airport security detectors . They 're made of sturdy polypropylene or polyester webbing and feature an acetal buckle . The belts are available in a multitude of colors and feature either a diamond or zigzag pattern . simple.be , $ 19-29 . Mytask Urban iPhone case and toolkit This iPhone case protects your precious cellphone , yes , but it also features a slide-out drawer outfitted with a mirror , tweezers , bottle opener , stylus , screwdriver , USB drive , mini LED light and even a pair of scissors . It 's TSA compliant , so it 's safe to go through the X-ray machine . Mytask URBAN iphone case , $ 60 . Louis Vuitton shower-trunk If a standard suitcase wo n't cut it , you 'll be pleased to know one of LV 's made-to-order options now includes this shower-in-a-trunk -- a suitcase that turns into a shower . The bad news is you 'll only be given a price quote if you commission the brand to make one . Risky . Louis Vuitton , price on request . Williams Handmade luggage Williams Handmade is a luxury leather luggage company founded by creative genius Sarah Williams -- a British designer whose background includes stints at some of the world 's top leather goods companies . Her the cross-shaped Emmett case is lovely , but if you 're an imaginative traveler with money to burn , her bespoke service is the easiest way to guarantee your luggage stands out . Williams Handmade , from $ 146 . Two-Person Sandless Beach Mat This towel was reportedly developed for military use , made from a woven polyurethane material that sand wo n't stick to . It also wo n't absorb moisture , so it wo n't go moldy . Hammacher , $ 59.95 . Bang and Olufsen Beolit 12 travel speaker This is just about the coolest-looking iPhone-ported speaker set you 'll find . It comes with an eight-hour battery life . Beoplay , $ 599 . Hendrick 's Gin with Traveler 's Case Why reduce yourself to a hip flask when a leather satchel says so much more ? A bottle of gin is n't the only thing inside this leather bag -- you also get a hip flask and a cashmere and silk scarf . Harrods , $ 1,349 . The Orator 's Briefcase PA System This multipurpose suitcase is designed for businessmen making speeches on short notice . The case comes with a built-in , 20-watt amplifier , a pop-up lectern and two microphones . Hammacher , $ 349.95 . Jill Becker is a freelance travel journalist based in Atlanta . Tamara Hinson is a freelance travel and lifestyle journalist based in the UK .	Narrative is a hands-free  it clips to your clothes  camera that snaps pics automatically every 30 seconds SleepPhones are headphones in a headband -- perfect for falling asleep to tunes without your bulky earpiece falling out LV 's shower in a trunk is a bit ambitious , not to say impractical , but what an eye-catcher Steripen Ultra kills bacteria in water in 48 seconds
CNN  The Chinese are coming -- to European football -- and billionaire Wang Jianlin hopes his decision to invest $ 52 million for a 20 % stake in Spanish champion Atletico Madrid  ATM  will open doors for China 's best players . "  This investment will not only provide a golden opportunity for young Chinese players sent overseas by Wanda to be selected by leading European football clubs , it will also strengthen the quality of Chinese football and narrow the gap between the rest of the world , " Wang said Wednesday . Wang Jianlin 's Wanda Group will be the first Chinese company to invest in a top-flight European football club . In exchange , Wang will get a seat on Atletico 's board of directors . By 2017 , the 60-year-old Wang aims to be making annual investments of $ 23 million to support the development of 180 young Chinese players in Spain , an initiative dubbed China 's "  Future Star Program . " Ten-time winners of the La Liga title , Atletico is a club on the up . Last season Diego Simeone 's side not only won the Spanish title but also reached the Champions League final before losing to city rival Real Madrid . Its 2014-15 campaign sees Atletico making a strong defense of the La Liga crown and it also secured a Copa Del Rey win over Real last week . China 's now second richest man previously used his wealth to establish the first Chinese professional football club -- Dalian Wanda F.C. -- just over 10 years ago . I It 's a team that established an Asian record of going 55 matches undefeated . Wang is following in the footsteps of other Asian businessman who have invested in European football , with Indonesian Erik Thohir at Inter Milan and Singaporean businessman Peter Lim owning a controlling stake in Atletico 's fellow La Liga side Valencia .	Chinese billionaire takes 20 % stake in Atletico Madrid Wang Jianlin pays $ 52m through his company Wanda Group Trend of Asian businesses investing in football Wang wants to pave way for young Chinese players to play in La Liga
CNN  -- The hosts of an Atlanta sports talk radio show were fired Monday after mocking a former football player who 's battling Lou Gehrig 's disease during their morning show . Steak Shapiro , Chris Dimino and Nick Cellini aired a spoof of former New Orleans Saints defensive back Steve Gleason , who is battling the neuromuscular disease formally known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . The segment on their "  Mayhem in the AM " show featured an imitation of Gleason , who speaks with the aid of an electronic voice synthesizer , telling knock-knock jokes with punchlines like "  Smother me , do me a favor . " The AM station 790 The Zone "  suspended the three individuals involved immediately following their comments and have since terminated their employment , " Rick Mack , the station 's general manager , said in a statement posted online . "  790 The Zone , our owners , sponsors and partners in no way endorse or support this kind of content . We sincerely apologize to Mr. Gleason , his family and all those touched by ALS , " Mack wrote . There was no immediate reaction from Dimino , Shapiro or Gleason , who had just written a column for Sports Illustrated that recounted his life with ALS . But via Twitter , Cellini said he had apologized to Gleason 's wife , Michel , and called the segment "  a stupid attempt at humor that backfired . Emphasis on stupid . " "  I was ignorant and it was the right thing to do . Got what I deserved , " he wrote .	Atlanta radio station sacks "  Mayhem in the AM " hosts Their station apologizes to ex-Saints player Steve Gleason , who has ALS Fired host calls bit "  stupid , " says he "  Got what I deserved "
CNN  -- Montpellier 's France international striker Olivier Giroud has agreed to join English Premier League club Arsenal . Giroud , who passed a medical at Arsenal 's training ground on Monday , was a key player for Montpellier last season as the French club won Ligue 1 for the first time in their history , scoring 21 goals in 36 appearances . The 25-year-old , who made three substitute appearances for France during Euro 2012 , will officially join Arsenal on July 1 on a "  long-term " contract though Arsenal did not disclose the length of the deal . Italy reach semifinals after penalty-shootout triumph "  We 're delighted to have secured the signing of Olivier Giroud , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told the club 's website . "  He has a very good physical presence and is exceptional in the air , with a great work ethic . We 're excited about Olivier joining us and he will add an additional dimension to our attacking options next season . "  He has proved that he is capable of performing at the top level with club and country , and we saw what a big influence he was in Montpellier 's championship-winning side last season . "  We all look forward to Olivier joining us and seeing him play in an Arsenal shirt . " Giroud has been at Montpellier for two years , having previously played for Grenoble , Istres and Tours , where he won the Ligue 2 Player of the Year award in 2009/10 . "  I was attracted by the philosophy of football and Arsene Wenger 's ` touch ' at this club , " said Giroud . "  I 've always admired Arsenal with its great history and reputation , and I now hope to achieve great things here . I 'm very proud to be a Gunner and I will give my best for all the Arsenal fans . " Giroud becomes Wenger 's second signing of the offseason , with Germany striker Lukas Podolski -- currently preparing for Thursday 's Euro 2012 semifinal against Italy -- also set to join the Emirates Stadium club from Cologne on July 1 .	France striker Olivier Giroud to play in English Premier League for Arsenal Chambery-born forward scored 21 goals in 36 league games for Montpellier last season Giroud came on as a substitute three times for France during Euro 2012 Frenchman 's previous clubs include Grenoble , Istres and Tours
CNN  -- Islamic fighters have seized control of a strategic Somali port city just outside the capital , Mogadishu , where United Nations relief supplies enter the famine-stricken country . Islamist fighters from Al-Shabaab group in Somalia display their flag . Al-Shabaab fighters chanted "  Allahu Akbar " -- or "  God is great " -- on Wednesday as the armed men entered Merka , located about 90 km  55 miles  south of Mogadishu , a local resident said . Earlier this year , the United States designated Al-Shabaab a terrorist group and has accused it of having ties to al Qaeda . On Tuesday , Al-Shabaab took control of two towns near Merka -- Bulo Marer and Quryoley -- giving it a strategic base in central Somalia , where it also controls Kismayo , the country 's third-largest city . The fall of Merka marks the most important territorial gain by Al-Shabaab since it took control of Kismayo earlier this year . Al-Shabaab is consolidating its control in Somalia less than a week after a cease-fire was declared between other Islamic militias operating in Somalia and the country 's transitional government . Under the pact -- which took effect last Thursday -- Ethiopian forces who support the transitional government would begin to withdraw from key positions on November 21 and leave Somalia completely within another 120 days , ending a two-year presence in its strife-torn , Horn of Africa neighbor . Al-Shabaab has rejected the cease-fire and was not a signatory to the deal , which was signed in Djibouti in late October and brokered by the United Nations and the African Union . Residents of Merka said hundreds of heavily armed Al-Shabaab fighters stormed the city without a fight , as rival militias who controlled the town had left Merka hours earlier . "  They are now in everywhere in the town including the police station and the prison , " said Ali Sharif Hassan , a local businessman in Merka . "  Residents are coming out into the streets in large numbers to see them . " Many of the Islamic fighters rolled into Merka in "  technicals " -- pick-up trucks mounted with anti-aircraft weapons that may have scared off the rival militias . So far , Al-Shabaab 's seizure of Merka has not affected the U.N. World Food Programme 's aid shipments to the port city , WFP spokesman Peter Smerdon told CNN . "  The situation in Merka appears to be calm , " Smerdon said from his office in Nairobi , Kenya . The WFP currently has 25 Somali staffers in its Merka office , he said . Its eight international staff members were relocated a few weeks ago following the murder of a fellow staff member , he said . "  All we can say is WFP is a neutral organization -- we work with the authorities who are in place to deliver life-saving humanitarian aid , " Smerdon said . "  Merka is a very strategic location for us , a natural beach port . . that we plan to continue using . " Ninety percent of WFP 's food for Somalia arrives by sea , either through Mogadishu or Merka . The shipments are currently being escorted by NATO naval vessels to protect them from pirate attacks off Somalia 's coast . Smerdon said most of the aid is delivered through Mogadishu because "  Merka can only take smaller ships , which have to unload on barges that take them on shore . " But Merka is a key port city because it allows WFP to reach more of southern Somalia . The conflict in the country makes it one of the most dangerous places in the world -- particularly for international aid workers -- and is making the humanitarian situation worse . More than 3 million people are estimated to be in need of humanitarian assistance there -- a 77 percent increase since the start of 2008 -- according to a U.N. funded analysis released in August . One in six children under the age of 5 years is now acutely malnourished , and the numbers are rising , the analysis found .	Islamists seize control of Somali port city where U.N. supplies enter capital Al-Shabaab an offshoot of Islamic party that ruled in Somalia for much of 2006 The group aims to impose Islamic sharia law in Somalia
CNN  The story of the Jews in the United States is a testament to "  American exceptionalism " and stands in contrast to a long history of discrimination and pariah status in Europe and Muslim lands . In fact , the economic prosperity and social standing of America 's Jews shows that generally they have fared better than many other minorities . This positive record is a fulfillment of the assurance given to the Newport , Rhode Island , Hebrew Congregation in 1790 by President George Washington : "  It is now no more that toleration is spoken of as if it were the indulgence of one class of people that another enjoyed the exercise of their inherent natural rights , for , happily , the Government of the United States ... gives to bigotry no sanction , to persecution no assistance . " Since then , American Jews have been appointed and elected to public offices as governors , senators , mayors , Cabinet officers and in the military , and today , most American adults are unaware of and do n't seem to care who 's Jewish . Thus it comes as a shock when at the University of California Los Angeles , a Jewish woman student applicant for the Student Council 's Judicial Board is initially rejected after being asked : "  Given that you are a Jewish student and very active in the Jewish community , how do you see yourself being able to maintain an unbiased view ? " According to The New York Times , the discussion that followed had "  seemed to echo the kind of questions , prejudices and tropes -- particularly about divided loyalties -- that have plagued Jews across the globe for centuries . " The minutes and video of the event suggest some student leaders seemed to be auditioning for the Salem witch trials and others for jobs as political commissars in Communist North Korea . And in February , at another University of California campus in Davis , Jewish students opposed to a Student Council resolution advocating a boycott of Israel were heckled by cries of "  Allahu Akbar " and a Jewish fraternity house was daubed with a swastika . Chancellor Gene Block of UCLA called the dust up on his campus a "  teachable moment . " Yes , agreed . It seems UCLA 's diverse body of students requires remedial classes in civics . Would UCLA students consider it appropriate to ask U.S. Supreme Court Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Elena Kagan similarly hostile and demeaning questions ? Apparently it 's necessary for the university to teach its student leadership that the U.S. Constitution bans religious tests for public office . While they are at it , they also can inform them that the Bill of Rights assures freedom of religion , speech and assembly to all citizens . California 's university administrators might need to be reminded that Title 6 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 applies to all Americans , and they have an obligation to ensure equal educational opportunity for all students . This includes , among other things , promptly and effectively addressing certain hostile environments . As for the UC Davis students , they need to learn that support for Israel is a legitimate American tradition . A century ago , Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis asserted : "  Zionism is the Pilgrim inspiration and impulse all over again ... to be good Americans , we must be better Jews , and to be better Jews , we must become Zionists . " Students are of course free to disagree with Brandeis but not to harass or intimidate Jews who support his argument . The events in California might be regarded as isolated incidents and youthful excesses of the type that has always marked campus life . Except of course that is not true . This type of hatred , stereotyping and bias is a worrying new development that suggests a generational problem . In our recent study , my Trinity College colleague , Ariela Keysar , and I found that 54 % of Jewish students reported experiencing or witnessing ant-Semitism on campus during the six months of September 2013-March 2014 . Our survey covered 1,157 Jewish students on 55 campuses . The patterns and high rates of anti-Semitism that were reported were surprising . Another finding was that female students were more likely than males  58 % versus 51 %  to report anti-Semitism . Jewish women seem more vulnerable on campus today . America 's universities need to foster American exceptionalism and values . They should take special care to avoid following current "  European fashion trends . " The situation in France today demonstrates the price of failing to nip youthful extremism in the bud . Twenty years ago , complaints by Jewish students in Paris that they were subject to anti-Semitism from a strange coalition of Marxist , fascist and Islamist groups were ignored by complacent university and government officials . The dangerous streets of Paris are witness to what results when a country ignores problems and panders to extremist opinions . The army is currently deployed across France to protect synagogues and Jewish community buildings . But history has taught us what begins with the Jews does n't end with the Jews . The French army also has to defend the nation 's shopping malls , government buildings and of course , its cartoonists .	Barry Kosmin : U.S. tradition of tolerance is challenged by incidents of anti-Semitism on campus He says a majority of Jewish students surveyed reported experiencing or witnessing anti-Semitism
BudgetTravel.com  -- We know , you and your credit card have been through a lot together . You used it to buy your new laptop and your vacation to France , to pay the electricity bill and support your weekly Whole Foods habit . There have been good times , like the time your card covered your car rental insurance , or the time you got a $ 50 gift card in the mail from the company 's rewards program . But ask yourself , what has your credit card really done for you lately ? Hiked its Annual Percentage Rate , added mysterious fees , punished you for ` foreign transactions ' on your trip to Mexico ? Accept it : this relationship is n't going to work out . It 's time to put your spending power into a credit card program that values your thirst for traveling . Budget Travel : 10 gorgeous pools you wo n't believe are public Citi Gold/AAdvantage Visa Signature Card Best for : Domestic travelers who often fly to the same destination So you visit your grandmother twice a year in Cincinnati and fly home to Santa Barbara on all major holidays ? This Visa card features a ` Reduced Mileage Awards ' program that allows cardholders to fly to select AA destinations for 7,500 fewer miles -RSB- on a round-trip ticket . If you spend just $ 750 on the card in the first four months , American Airlines will award you 20,000 bonus miles . You 'll earn one AAdvantage mile for every dollar spent , and there are no blackout dates for travel . Annual fee after first year - $ 50 Chase Sapphire Preferred Best for : Globetrotters Let 's say it together now : no foreign transaction fees . That means you wo n't be charged extra for using your card anywhere overseas , a crucial benefit for international travelers . The Chase Sapphire Preferred also lets you turn your points into miles with a 1:1 exchange into Continental/United Airlines and British Airways . The introductory offer is tempting : spend $ 3,000 in the first three months and you 'll earn 50,000 miles . Annual fee after first year - $ 95 Budget Travel : 12 restaurants with spectacular views Starwood Preferred Guest/American Express Best for : Hotel connoisseurs and travelers to Latin America Always wanted to stay at the W Barcelona or the St. Regis New York ? Starpoints earned on this card can be redeemed at over 1,000 hotels in nearly 100 countries . The first time you use your card , you 'll earn 10,000 Starpoints , enough for a free night at a 4-star property You can also transfer your Starpoints on a 1:1 basis into more than 30 frequent flier programs . Travelers to Central and South America win especially big with this card - Starpoints are instantly doubled if you transfer them into LAN 's frequent flier program . Annual fee after first year - $ 65 American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card Best for : Big spenders Do you put more than $ 2,000 a month on your credit card ? This program will triple your points when you buy a plane ticket and double your points when you spend on gas and groceries . Because the annual fee is on the steep side , this card is a much better deal if you rack up a lot of charges on your card each month . Your earned points never expire ; use them on any airline , anytime , by reserving a flight through American Express Travel , or transfer them into your preferred frequent flyer program . Annual fee after first year - $ 175 Continental Airlines OnePass Plus Chase MasterCard Best for : Continental/United frequent flyers The Continental/United frequent flyer program is widely considered one of the easiest to use-it often charges fewer miles to qualify for a free ticket than other programs do and there are fewer blackout dates . The OnePass Plus offers cardholders a free checked bag on any flight in the system  Continental charges $ 25 for the first checked bag  , flexibility to change your reward travel dates for free up to 21 days in advance of travel , and a 25,000-mile bonus when you make your first purchase . Annual fee after first year - $ 95 Budget Travel : 4 most common reasons airlines lose luggage Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Put your spending power into a credit card program that values your thirst for traveling Chase Sapphire Preferred is best for globetrotters Continental Airlines OnePass Plus Chase MasterCard suits those flying United/Continental
CNN  -- Iceland 's Meteorological Office on Sunday lowered the aviation threat level from the Bardarbunga volcano from the highest level , red , down to orange . With the lowering of the aviation threat level , all restrictions on air travel in Iceland have now been canceled and all airports in the country are open , according to the government . On Saturday , the agency raised the alert level for Bardarbunga to red , which means an eruption is imminent or in progress . But the country 's Civil Protection Department said on its website Sunday that a subglacial eruption , thought to be under way Saturday , did not occur . The department said the seismic activity recorded under the ice cap of a glacier there could be something else , although an eruption is still possible . Seismic activity continues at the volcano , with two large earthquakes hitting overnight . Both measured over a 5 magnitude , the Civil Protection Department said . Scientists have noticed an increase in seismic activity over the past seven years around the volcano , located in the northwestern region of the Vatnajokull glacier , one of Europe 's largest glaciers , the Meteorological Office said . The level dropped a little after the eruption of another volcano at the same glacier , Grimsvotn , in 2011 , but has since picked up again . According to the Smithsonian Institute Global Volcanism Program , Bardarbunga last erupted in 1910 . If it should blow its top again , it could be bad news for travelers . Volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aircraft , reducing visibility , damaging flight controls and ultimately causing jet engines to fail . The Icelandic town frozen in time by a volcano	The alert over the potential eruption of Bardarbunga volcano is lowered Scientists conclude a subglacial eruption did not occur All Iceland airports are open and all restrictions on air travel have been lifted
NEWARK , New Jersey  CNN  -- The most "  far-flung and exotic fugitive investigation ever conducted by the U.S. Marshals Service " ended early Sunday with convicted child molester Alan Horowitz in custody on U.S. soil . Alan Horowitz was convicted in 1991 on 34 counts of child molestation . Officers from the U.S. Marshals service arrested the 60-year-old at Newark Liberty International Airport after a 15-hour flight from New Delhi , India . The ordained Orthodox rabbi and former child psychologist was arrested on May 22 at a seaside resort in Mahabalipuram , India , according to parole officer Robert Georgia . An agent from the Diplomatic Security Service escorted him aboard the Continental Airlines flight , authorities said . He is being held at a correctional facility in New Jersey and will appear before an extradition judge on July 16th before being taken to New York to face a parole violation charge there . He also faces a federal charge of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . Watch Horowitz in custody at Newark airport " A number of Internet tipsters in India were responsible for alerting the Marshal 's service to Horowitz 's whereabouts , said U.S. Marshal Gary Mattison , who was assigned to track down Horowitz last year . Horowitz served 13 years of a 10-20 year sentence for child molestation and was released on parole in 2004 , authorities said . In June 2006 , he fled the country shortly after meeting with his parole officer , setting off the manhunt that involved the Indian police , agents from the State Department 's Diplomatic Security Service , and U.S. Marshals , U.S. Marshals told CNN . Horowitz 's 1991 conviction was on 34 counts of child molestation in Schenectady , New York . A dual citizen of the United States and Israel , Horowitz has also been convicted of "  perverted sexual practices " in Maryland , where he was found guilty of abusing one of his patients , federal marshals said . During the 1980s , while he was living in Israel , he was the subject of a police investigation into charges he was sexually abusing his second wife 's children , according to the U.S. Marshal service . He also faced another sexual misconduct investigation while living in North Carolina , authorities say . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Katia Porzecanski contributed to this report .	Horowitz is an ordained Orthodox rabbi and a former child psychologist He was escorted aboard the U.S.-bound flight by a U.S. agent , authorities say Horowitz was subject of investigations in U.S. , Israel ; had multiple convictions
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Given the magnitude of Japan 's recession , it should perhaps come as little surprise that the fantasy-obsessed animation industry has received a hard dose of reality . Nobuki Mitani is an "  in-between " animator -- one of the lowest paid positions in animation . Yasuo Yamaguchi , executive director of the Association of Japanese Animators , said the industry has been rocked by the country 's deepest recession since World War II . "  The spread of free Internet downloading is having a deadly effect , " he said . Japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion-a-year industry . Revenues peaked in 2006 but have since fallen off , as lower advertising revenues lead to fewer new programs . Yamaguchi said the animation industry is important to Japan 's economy and that the government should be helping it through these tough times with subsidies . Watch CNN 's Morgan Neill report on anime " Unlike some big screen animated features from the United States that rely almost completely on computer animation , in Japan , almost all features are drawn by hand -- a labor-intensive craft practiced by thousands of young artists each year . For the last six years , Nobuki Mitani , has been working as an "  in-between " animator -- filling in the cells between "  key " animations . It is one of the lowest paid positions in the animation hierarchy . Many of these entry-level jobs have been outsourced to the Philippines and South Korea in recent years . Mitani , 27 , said the hours are long , and the pay is low -- about $ 800 a month . "  Every day I work about 10 to 12 hours , " he said . "  Often , we work on Saturday , and if it 's busy , we work Sunday , too . " In Tokyo , the world 's most expensive city , that means living in cramped conditions . Mitani lives in a tiny one-room apartment with no air conditioning . In summer , the room is sweltering . "  I try not to drink water , " he said , "  to control the sweating . " He has a shared sink at the end of the hall where he can wash his hands and face , but to bathe he has to go to a public bath . At the Tokyo Animation Institute , the classrooms are filled with students honing the craft , faces close to their sheets of paper , the only sound a hum from the electric pencil sharpener . The school 's director , Yosuke Shimizu , said he knows many of his graduates will quit their first jobs after just months . "  Within half a year , some will take freelance jobs , some will take a key drawing job , and some will become sketch directors . Those who are good enough never complain about how hard the job is , " he said . At Toei Animation Studios , conditions are better for the animators than in smaller studios . Toei has produced countless successes over the years , including the "  Dragonball " series and the ongoing favorite "  One Piece . " But even here animation is an intense , demanding job . Naotoshi Shida has been working at Toei for 25 years . He said it takes much more than just a love of drawing to succeed . "  If someone is thinking of doing this just because they love drawing , that 's called a hobby . They 'd better think of doing something else . "	Association of Japanese Animators says industry rocked by recession Group also says free Internet downloading is having a deadly effect Japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion a year industry Revenues peaked in 2006 ; lower advertising revenues lead to fewer new programs
CNN  -- Seven-year-old Timmy "  Mini " Tyrrell gets a high-five as he steps out of his go-kart at the King George Speedway in King George , Virginia . "  Good job , Mini , " says another racer . Dressed in a red fire suit and standing just under 4 feet tall , Timmy has been racing go-karts for fun since he was 4 years old . Now he races for a greater cause , to raise money for families of children with cancer . He calls it Mini 's Mission . It all started when his friend Ella Day was diagnosed with a brain tumor . "  We 've been friends for a very long time , " Timmy said . "  I saw that something was wrong , and I wanted to help her . " "  We had long conversations about what would happen , how she would lose her hair , " said his mother , Tina Tyrrell . "  And he said , ` Dad , I want to raise money for kids with cancer . And I need you to help me . ' " So he turned to what he loves most , racing go-karts . At the races , Timmy collects donations for the Jeffrey Virostek Fund to help families with children with disease . Tasha Virostek started the fund after her son Jeffrey died of leukemia at age 4 . "  The journey is not just the cancer . It takes an emotional and a financial toll , " Virostek said . "  We give grants to organizations that directly help families who are going through this journey . " Timmy 's friend Ella is cancer-free after undergoing six months of radiation and chemotherapy . "  She 's doing great , " said her mother , Karen Day . "  When I heard what Timmy was doing , I thought it was incredible . Families need help . They go through so much ... it 's an expense that you could n't imagine . " Now 8 years old , Ella is one of Timmy 's biggest fans . "  It makes me feel really happy because he wants to help other kids with cancer , " she said . Timmy races every Saturday from March to December at the King George Speedway . In less than a year , he has raised more than $ 22,000 for the cause . He does n't plan to slow down any time soon . "  I wan na do this forever until I 'm racing in big cars , " Timmy said . "  For any child to have that compassion and that understanding and to want to make a difference , as a mother , how proud can you be ? " said Tina Tyrrell . For Timmy , racing is about more than just winning or losing . "  I 'm thinking about helping children , thinking about racing my go-kart , thinking how much fun it is , and thinking about how much children I can help and families . " How to help Timmy is a featured athlete of the nonprofit Inspired Athletes . If you would like to help Mini 's Mission , visit his donation page online . One-hundred percent of the money raised goes directly to helping families of children with cancer .	7-year-old Timmy "  Mini " Tyrrell races go-karts to help kids with cancer Timmy has raised more than $ 22,000 for the cause To help Mini 's Mission , visit his donation page online
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Kuwait 's prime minister will be making a trip to Iraq soon , to discuss bilateral ties and debt issues among other things . Kuwaiti Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammed al-Ahmed al-Sabah will visit Iraq soon . Kuwait Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammed al-Ahmed al-Sabah will visit Baghdad , according to the Iraqi government and Kuwait 's state-run news agency . Al-Sabah 's trip would be the latest high-level visit to Iraq by a top Arab official , and it comes as Iraq works to cement ties with its immediate neighbors and the Arab world in general . Some Arab countries have agreed to reopen their embassies in Baghdad . King Abdullah II of Jordan last month became the first Arab head of state to visit Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion . The Iraqi government said Finance Minister Bayan Jabr arrived Sunday in Kuwait heading a delegation to discuss bilateral ties , including the war reparations Iraq is paying Kuwait for its 1990 invasion of the Arab state . Kuwait 's news agency , KUNA , on Monday reported Jabr delivered an official invitation from Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to his Kuwaiti counterpart inviting him to visit Iraq . KUNA said al-Sabah accepted the invitation and said the date of the visit will be set through diplomatic channels . An aide to al-Maliki told CNN he had heard that the visit was scheduled for next week but was n't aware of reports that it had been postponed till after the holy month of Ramadan ends in about three weeks . Iraq has been asking Gulf states to waive debts from the Saddam Hussein era . Recently , the United Arab Emirates canceled about $ 7 billion owed by Iraq . Iraq wants to lower the amount of money it has to pay into a U.N. compensation fund for people who suffered losses from Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait . A car bombing in northern Baghdad killed at least two policemen and wounded five people Monday evening , Iraq 's Interior Ministry told CNN . The bomb detonated in a parked car in central Baiji -- about 125 miles  200 km  north of Baghdad -- and was believed to be targeting a police patrol , the ministry said . Among the five wounded were two other policemen . It was one of several attacks across Baghdad on Monday , the Interior Ministry said . In all , eight people were killed and more than three dozen wounded in the attacks . Earlier in the day , a civilian was shot dead in central Baghdad when security personnel in an Iraqi government convoy opened fire after hearing shots , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . Six civilians were wounded . A roadside bomb killed a civilian and wounded 11 people on eastern Baghdad 's Palestine Street , the ministry said . Later , another bomb wounded two police officers and three civilians in a police convoy on Palestine Street . Another roadside bomb killed one police officer and wounded another officer and a civilian in central Baghdad , it said . Gunmen wounded at least three government employees and their driver in eastern Baghdad , the ministry said . In the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , a policeman was killed and four civilians were wounded in a car bombing . In Diyala province , two Iraqi soldiers were killed and four were wounded when a roadside bomb struck their convoy south of Baquba , and attackers kidnapped an Awakening Council leader near Muqdadiya . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to six as bomb kills two Iraqi soldiers in Diyala province Visit by Kuwaiti leader comes as Iraq works to improve ties with its Arab neighbors Iraq has been asking Gulf states to waive debts from the Saddam Hussein era Iraq visit by Jordan 's king last month was first by Arab head of state since 2003 war
Berlin  CNN  -- Germany 's parliament voted Thursday to increase the powers of Europe 's bailout fund , as Greece 's debt woes fuel fears of a wider financial crisis . The vote passed by a large majority -- 523 in favor to 85 against , with three abstentions -- which should boost confidence in European markets . Expansion of the European Financial Stability Facility -- Europe 's bailout fund -- so it can increase its lending capacity from around â ‚ ¬ 250 billion to â ‚ ¬ 440 billion must be ratified by a number of European countries . Germany 's parliamentary approval follows votes in favor this week from Austria and Finland . But the vote in Germany 's lower house of parliament , the Bundestag , was seen as particularly crucial because it is the eurozone 's biggest economy , and its Chancellor Angela Merkel is a key figure in attempts to pull the bloc out of its crisis . The bailout fund is being increased after the initial fund , which was put in place after Greece 's â ‚ ¬ 110 billion bail out last May , was tapped by Ireland and Portugal , before Greece returned for more help . The original fund was meant to stem the crisis but this has not happened . Instead , the crisis has intensified , feeding global instability and driving the eurozone to the edge of recession . The new powers will allow the fund also to buy sovereign bonds in the capital markets , a strategy designed to prop up debt prices and help struggling eurozone countries fund themselves . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Rick Noack and Irene Chapple contributed to this report .	Germany 's lawmakers passed the measure by a large majority It is one of a number of European countries that must ratify the plan Germany 's ratification of the expansion plan is key because of its economic power
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain 's campaign has told Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty he will not be the GOP vice presidential nominee in November , sources told CNN on Friday . Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty suggested in a radio interview that he wo n't be Sen. John McCain 's VP pick . Pawlenty on Friday also told WCCO Radio in Minneapolis-St . Paul that he will not be in Dayton , Ohio , where the presumptive Republican presidential nominee is expected to unveil his choice of a running mate at a rally later Friday . The McCain campaign said it 's hoping to have 15,000 people at the Ohio event , roughly five times the size of his largest crowd to date . A Republican source said McCain settled on his choice of a running mate at a meeting of his advisers Wednesday . Thursday night 's arrival of a private jet from Alaska at the Middleton , Ohio , airport raised speculation that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin would be McCain 's pick . Middleton is 25 miles from Dayton . Rich Bevis , an airport manager at the Middleton airport , said that a woman , two men and two teenagers were onboard . Watch conservative analyst Bill Bennett mull Palin as a VP pick " "  This is the most secretive flight we 've ever had , " Bevis said . In June , Palin told CNN that she thought McCain should choose a governor as his running mate and that she would like to serve on a national level , "  but I do n't think it 's going to happen on this go-round though . " Watch Palin say she wo n't be VP this time " In an interview with a Pennsylvania radio station that was taped Wednesday and aired Thursday , McCain said he had not settled on a nominee . The Associated Press reported that the interview with KDKA radio had occurred Thursday , which created confusion as to whether McCain had finalized his choice for vice president . Watch who is on McCain 's shortlist " Asked whether either former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge or former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney was his VP pick , McCain replied to KDKA , "  I have n't decided yet , so I ca n't tell you . " Both men are expected to join McCain at a rally Saturday in Pennsylvania . Ridge , who is also the former secretary of homeland security , is reportedly on McCain 's shortlist of possible running mates . A Republican insider said this month that McCain campaign manager Rick Davis has called several state party chairmen and indicated that Ridge will be the Republican vice presidential pick this cycle . During his interview with KDKA , McCain praised Ridge , saying , "  He 's a great American and a great and dear friend , and I rely on him , and I have for many years . " But the possibility that Ridge could be McCain 's running mate sparked a backlash among conservatives because he supports abortion rights . Another potential VP pick , Sen. Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut , also raised concerns among conservatives . Lieberman , an independent senator who was the 2000 Democratic vice presidential nominee , has been a vocal supporter of the war in Iraq , but he , too , backs abortion rights . If McCain picks either man , it could drive away social conservatives who are already uneasy about his nomination , conservative activists warned . In an open letter to McCain , conservative activist Richard A. Viguerie wrote , "  Your indication that you 're willing to put a person who has a clear , unequivocal pro-abortion record within a heartbeat of the presidency is alarming . " "  Sen. McCain , you are exceedingly proud of being a political maverick -- you wear it as a badge of honor . Well , poke the base of the Republican Party -- the conservatives -- in the eye one more time by choosing a pro-abortion vice presidential candidate , and conservatives will show you that two can play the maverick game , " Viguerie said . Romney ran against McCain this year for the GOP presidential nomination and was a frequent critic of the senator on the campaign trail . But Romney endorsed McCain after he captured the Republican nomination and has campaigned for him . He also opposes abortion rights , a position he said he came to in 2004 after studying the stem cell-issue as Massachusetts governor . Before then , Romney was in favor of abortion rights . CNN 's Evan Glass , Alexander Mooney , Dana Bash and John King contributed to this report .	Sources : Sen. John McCain not selecting Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty Plane 's arrival in Ohio raises speculation about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin McCain slated to appear with running mate at rally in Ohio Tom Ridge , Sen. Joe Lieberman and Mitt Romney are possible picks
The United States has a history of often picking sides in Middle East conflicts to its own detriment . In the 1980s , former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld met with Saddam Hussein to establish a relationship that helped the dictator gain access to American arms during Iraq 's war with Iran . In the 1990s , the U.S. would drive former ally Hussein from Kuwait and impose a decade of sanctions that were devastating for Iraqis , but had little effect on the dictator . In 2003 , we went to Iraq , overthrew Hussein , and became part of nation-building effort from which we only recently saw most of our soldiers return home . Arguably one of the greatest beneficiaries of the Iraq war was Iran , which now enjoys more power and influence with the elimination of its historic enemy . President George H.W. Bush did not pursue Hussein directly during Operation Desert Storm precisely because he feared the destabilizing effects it might have on the region , or as his Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney explained in 1994 , "  Once you got to Iraq and took it over , took down Saddam Hussein 's government , then what are you going to put in its place ? " Today , Iraq is unstable and its future uncertain . Moammar Gadhafi eventually accepted responsibility in the 1988 bombing of an airplane over Lockerbie , Scotland , that killed hundreds of people , including American schoolchildren . President Reagan called Gadhafi the "  mad dog of the Middle East . " Fast forward to 2008 , when Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice traveled to Libya to meet with Gadhafi to offer American support . In 2009 , members of the U.S. Senate -- Republicans Lindsey Graham and John McCain and an independent , Joe Lieberman -- would travel to Libya to meet with Gadhafi to offer further aid . Sen. McCain said : "  We discussed the possibility of moving ahead with the provision of nonlethal defense equipment to the government of Libya . " President Obama would eventually meet with Gadhafi to reconfirm the same relationship established during the Bush administration . By 2011 , President Obama was arming Libyan rebels and ordering airstrikes to overthrow Gadhafi . Some of the president 's most vocal supporters were the same Republicans who traveled to Libya two years before to help Libya 's strongman acquire military equipment . Sen. McCain said of the Libyan rebels : "  I have met with these brave fighters , and they are not al Qaeda . ... To the contrary : They are Libyan patriots who want to liberate their nation . We should help them do it . " We did help them , something I opposed on the Senate floor as an unconstitutional overreach by the executive branch . We now have reason to believe that the Libyan rebels did contain elements of al Qaeda and other Islamic extremists . Visit strengthens McCain 's resolve for U.S. intervention in Syria Now we see the same enthusiasm for another U.S. intervention , this time in Syria . The Syria Transition Support Act approved last week by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , of which I am a member , has the potential to create more problems for the United States than it would solve . It is unclear what national security interests we have in the civil war in Syria . It is very clear that any attempt to aid the Syrian rebels would be complicated and dangerous , precisely because we do n't know who these people are . The situation in Syria is certainly dire . At least 70,000 people have died , and al Qaeda is making confirmed inroads into the country . No one wants to see Syria become a bastion of extremism . But like other American interventions in the past , U.S. involvement could actually help the extremists . There is also the quandary of nearly 2 million Christians who are uncertain of what to do . The Christian community in Syria has traditionally sided with , and been protected by , Bashar al-Assad 's regime . It is troubling to think that American arms may be given to Islamic fighters who may in turn be firing them at Christians . This month , it was reported that the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front in Syria executed 11 men who were part of al-Assad 's forces . Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad is no friend to the U.S. -- but neither is al Qaeda . To aid members of al Qaeda in any way , directly or indirectly , is an insult to our brave men and women who 've been fighting these terrorists since 9/11 . Perhaps the most dangerous aspect of this "  transition support act " is that it would commit the United States to a leadership position in the restoration of Syria , and is very vague about what that looks like . The language of "  capacity building " contained in this act is an open-ended term that if logically followed , could eventually mean U.S. troops on the ground in Syria . We "  capacity built " in both Iraq and Afghanistan . Those who insist this language could never mean U.S. boots on the ground in Syria belong to the same Washington clique eager to support Hussein , Ghadafi and later , the Libyan rebels . Washington is not exempt from the law of unintended consequences . Empowering Islamic extremists to achieve questionable short-term goals does not serve America 's long-term security or interests . Nor does it serve the interests of nearly 2 million Christians in Syria who fear they could suffer the same fate as Iraqi Christians who were abused and expelled from that country as radical Islamic forces gained influence and power . These Christians are natural allies of the United States , and if we 're going to seriously discuss any American interests in Syria , the welfare of these Christians is more important than arming Islamic extremists . History 's primary lesson is that we must learn from the past . Although there are some well-intentioned reasons for wanting to intervene in Syria , there are far more well-documented reasons not to .	Rand Paul : U.S. has a habit of picking the wrong sides in Mideast conflicts Paul : First , U.S. supported Gadhafi in Libya ; switched sides to support rebels We do n't know who the rebels in Syria are , he says Paul : We must also consider how rebels might treat Syrian Christians
South Africans turned out Wednesday for their country 's first elections since the death of Nelson Mandela , a process that 's expected to dent but not end the hold of the party to which he 'd long been associated . The party Mandela once led , the governing African National Congress , held an advantage based on very early results around midnight on Wednesday , according to the South African Press Association . Once all of the votes are counted , the ANC is expected to hold onto power . But it may have its grip weakened amid growing discontent , particularly among urban voters . The ANC , which has governed for the past 20 years , still enjoys widespread support as the party that represents the defeat of the apartheid system and the beginning of democracy in South Afprica . But with President Jacob Zuma dogged by scandals , economic difficulties and concerns over reports of rising corruption , the ANC could see its share of the vote fall from the 65.9 % it won in the 2009 elections . "  Many are hoping that the ANC will get a scare in these elections and begin to reflect on some of its failures , " wrote South African political commentator Justice Malala in an opinion article for CNN . If the party 's share of the vote drops to 63 % or below , Malala said , it will mean that "  the party is experiencing its second significant decline in two successive elections . " Elections called ' a resounding success ' At the forefront of the issues that have blighted Zuma 's presidency is a scandal over his rural homestead in Nkandla , in the province of KwaZulu Natal . The state watchdog has alleged that more than $ 20 million of public money was misused in improvements to the sprawling complex . Zuma has denied any wrongdoing . But among Zuma 's support base in areas like KwaZulu Natal , many people remain loyal . "  Frankly they do not see a problem with him having let his home in Nkandla be refurbished at such a high price . In fact they see it as part of the perks of being a ruler , " said Achille Mbembe , a professor at the Wits Institute for Social and Economic Research in Johannesburg . Voting began Wednesday at 7 a.m at more than 22,000 polling stations across the country and finished at 9 p.m. , the press association reported . The millions of voters were charged with electing 400 members of Parliament , as well as representatives in new legislatures in South Africa 's nine provinces , SAPA said . While it did n't provide specifics , South Africa 's Government Communication and Information System reported "  great turnout of voters , in particular first-time voters . " The same agency added late Wednesday that security forces were on "  high alert " throughout the day , arresting 97 people for election-related offenses . The GCIS did n't report any violence , but noted the deaths of four people : two who died while waiting to vote , plus two party agents killed in a car accident . "  Government wishes to commend all South Africans for the part they have played in making our elections a resounding success , " the agency said . " ... The nation 's fifth democratic elections have undoubtedly added to our legacy of regular and peaceful elections . " SAPA reported that the Economic Freedom Fighters party had contested that account , claiming the process was flawed and that some people were allowed to vote more than once . Past and future The ANC is facing its biggest challenges in cities , where analysts say discontent is on the rise , notably among young people , over a lack of quality education and jobs . "  Increasingly , South Africa feels like a country caught between its past and its future , " Malala said . The situation is compounded by the fact that many disillusioned young people are n't registered to vote . Opposition leaders like Mmuse Maimane of the Democratic Alliance are seeking to connect with younger voters . "  It 's key that they establish their own future , their new freedom , their new South Africa , " he said ahead of the election . The Economic Freedom Fighters , a young party formed a few months ago by expelled former ANC Youth leader Julius Malema , is also trying to loosen the governing party 's grip on power . The Democratic Alliance is quickly adapting itself from its reputation as a "  white party , " and the EFF is fast becoming a player on the national stage , Malala said , but "  both parties are only likely to give the ANC a real run for its money in the 2019 and 2024 elections . "	The Economic Freedom Fighters party says vote was not fair The ANC is expected to retain power , but opposition parties could erode its majority President Jacob Zuma has been dogged by scandal "  Many are hoping that the ANC will get a scare , " a commentator says
CNN  -- The music of Philadelphia International Records sounds effortless : the easygoing groove of the O'Jays ' "  Love Train , " the triumphant horns of MFSB 's "  TSOP  The Sound of Philadelphia  , " even the cocky declamations of Billy Paul 's "  Me and Mrs. Jones . " Leon Huff , left , and Kenneth Gamble founded Philadelphia International Records . But forming a new R&B label in the early '70s -- particularly one leaning away from the funky , angular sounds of James Brown and Sly & the Family Stone popular at the time -- was n't easy at all , says Kenneth Gamble , who co-founded the label with Leon Huff in 1971 after several years of producing and songwriting success . "  It was very , very hard to get information for us . It had pretty much been the norm for African-Americans to -LSB- be cheated -RSB- out of a lot of their music and their royalties , " he said . "  I think the industry , by closing us out of so many doors ... in order for us to make it , we had to do it on our own . " But , Gamble is quick to add , "  on our own " did n't mean alone . There were independent distributors and radio stations , much more plentiful back then . There were disc jockeys , who were still allowed to have a say in the music they played . There was a major corporate label , Clive Davis ' CBS , which supported PIR 's work . And , of course , there were the musicians : the Delfonics and Stylistics , O'Jays and Spinners , Teddy Pendergrass and Billy Paul , and especially the house band , MFSB , which helped make PIR into the top R&B label of the 1970s . "  This was music -- sweet , gritty , elegaic , sensuous -- that celebrated love , fomented activism , pressed for change , celebrated ` blackness ' in a moment in which black America , in an urgent sense of what that might mean , was just blinking awake , " Lynell George writes in the liner notes to a new box set , "  Love Train : The Sound of Philadelphia "  Philadelphia International/Legacy  . Audio slideshow : Listen to "  the sound of Philadelphia " " It was all about family , Gamble says , something expressed in the name MFSB : Mother , Father , Sister , Brother .  Do n't believe the urban legend that says it stands for something else , Huff adds . "  We used the same musicians on all the productions that we did , " Huff observed . "  That sort of created a chemistry of sound , though none of the artists sounded the same . " That chemistry is evident on the box set , which collects the label 's greatest hits with Gamble and Huff 's pre-PIR productions -- including the Soul Survivors ' "  Expressway to Your Heart " and Jerry Butler 's "  Only the Strong Survive " -- and material from artists contracted to other labels and produced by PIR 's Thom Bell , such as the Spinners . The label is also the subject of a PBS special , also called "  Love Train , " which is scheduled to air Thanksgiving weekend . PIR 's sound was something different . It was often lushly orchestrated , with instruments such as French horns and vibraphones taking prominent roles , and its nimble bass lines and trebly percussion later became the cornerstone of disco . Bell , a longtime Gamble-Huff pal who oversaw many of the arrangements , had trained as a concert pianist , giving it up because , he said , "  I was tired of articulating someone else 's music . I was tired of hearing it go the way I was hearing it . I was hearing chords and tones and colors and feelings and emotions going one way , but ... when the master 's notes are set in stone , they can not be changed . " Arranging and producing gave Bell the opportunity to put his musical education to work in a different way , he says . "  We experimented with a lot of different instruments , because we were always infatuated with trombones and French horns and vibes ; we used the whole orchestra , " Huff said . "  We incorporated a lot of those instruments in our productions , and that turned out to be a different kind of approach . " Arranger Bobby Martin and Sigma Sound studios engineer Joe Tarsia were also key players in constructing the PIR sound . The model was Motown , with its smooth-running songmaking machinery , though PIR 's songs were deliberately designed for the PIR artists , notes Gamble . "  Most of the songs that we wrote ... were tailor-made for these artists , " he said . "  When we would sit down to write ... we would say , ` Who are we going to write for ? ' And then we 'd lock that person into our minds . " As an example , he mentions Lou Rawls ' "  You 'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine , " which for Rawls was "  like going into a tailor shop , and the tailor measured you up and put the coat on you , and it fit perfectly . " Rawls , who had been in a career trough , took the song to No. 2 in 1976 . Gamble , Huff and Bell , whose history together goes back to their 1950s teen years , are proud of the label 's influence , and they still maintain ties to their hometown . Bell , who lives in northern Washington state , will be returning to the City of Brotherly Love to conduct its famed orchestra in 2009 ; Gamble has been active in building housing and schools there . "  Philly 's a great city . It 's the greatest city in America , " Gamble said with pride . "  It 's the place where America begins . " And the place where the "  Love Train " chugged out to the world .	Philadelphia International Records was influential 1970s label PIR , founded by Kenneth Gamble and Leon Huff , was home to O'Jays , others Label heads and producers "  infatuated " with distinctive instruments , says Huff
CNN  -- Thirty one countries have abolished the death penalty but China , Iran , Saudi Arabia , the United States and Yemen remain amongst the most frequent executioners , according to a new report from Amnesty International released Monday . The human rights organization officially recorded at least 527 executions in 2010 , down from at least 714 in 2009 . The leading regions for executions , according to Amnesty , are Asia and the Middle East , with eight of the top 10 nations from those areas . "  While executions may be on the decline , a number of countries continue to pass death sentences for drug-related offenses , economic crimes , sexual relations between consenting adults and blasphemy -- violating international human rights law forbidding the use of the death penalty except for the most serious crimes , " said Salil Shetty , the group 's secretary general . The totals in the Amnesty report exclude China , which carries out the death penalty more than the rest of the world combined . "  China is believed to have executed thousands in 2010 but continues to maintain its secrecy over its use of the death penalty , " the Amnesty report said . "  China used the death penalty in 2010 against thousands of people for a wide range of crimes that include non-violent offenses and after proceedings that did not meet international fair trial standards . " Chinese authorities could not immediately be reached for comment . The human rights group flagged China , along with Egypt , Indonesia , Iran , Laos , Libya , Malaysia , Thailand , United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and Yemen , on imposing death sentences for drug-related crimes . Amnesty cited Iran , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , and the United Arab Emirates for executing people under the age of 18 . The United States carried out the fifth highest number of executions in 2010 , with a total of 46 . Sixteen states have abolished the death penalty . Illinois did so this year . The level of public support for capital punishment in the United States has stayed relatively steady during the last decade , according to Gallup . Five out of the last 10 years , 64 % of Americans have backed the death penalty in cases of murder . About three in 10 oppose executions . Amnesty sees hope in the 25 % decline in executions as the group pushes for abolishment . "  Any country that continues to execute is flying in the face of the fact that both human rights law and UN human rights bodies consistently hold that abolition should be the objective , " Shetty said . "  A world free of the death penalty is not only possible , it is inevitable , " he said . "  The question is how long will it take ? "	China maintains secrecy over its use of the death penalty China , Iran , North Korea , Yemen and United States execute the most people China executes more than the rest of world combined , according to Amnesty International The United States executed 46 people in 2010
New Delhi  CNN  -- The tragic case of the 23-year old woman who was brutally attacked , raped and left for dead by six men in New Delhi on December 16 has highlighted the unacceptable reality millions of women in India are facing . Violence against women is endemic -- more than 220,000 cases of violent crimes against women were reported in 2011 according to official statistics from the Indian government , with the actual number likely to be much higher . If there has been a silver lining to this horrendous case , it has been the enormous outcry from Indian society . What started as student-led protests in New Delhi has grown to encompass Indians from all walks of life and from the whole political spectrum . Tens of thousands have taken to the streets with the clear message that something has to change , and that women should no longer have to live in fear . Read more : End culture of rape in 2013 But amid the many reasonable and constructive calls on the authorities to address the situation , there is unfortunately a growing chorus of voices calling for the six alleged perpetrators to be executed , or even for mandatory death sentence in cases of sexual violence . Five of the six suspects were formally charged in New Delhi on Thursday , with the authorities investigating whether the sixth suspect is under 18 and a juvenile . The five are expected to be charged with several offences including murder , which is punishable by death under Indian law . Read more : New Delhi gang-rape suspects charged with murder , rape , kidnapping The anger felt towards the suspects is completely understandable , as is the desire to impose stricter laws around sexual violence to ensure that what happened in Delhi in December never happens again . But imposing the death penalty would just perpetuate the cycle of violence . Amnesty International opposes the death penalty in all circumstances , regardless of the circumstances or the nature of the crime . It is the ultimate cruel and inhuman punishment , and a violation of a fundamental human right -- the right to life . There is no evidence to suggest that the threat of execution works as a special deterrent . This is reflected in a clear global trend moving towards the abolition of the death penalty . Today , 140 countries in the world have abolished executions in law or practice . Read more : Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude Up until November 21 , 2012 , when the lone surviving gunman from the 2008 November Mumbai attacks , Ajmal Kasab was hanged , India had not carried out a single execution for almost eight years . Kasab 's killing meant India took a significant step backwards and joined the minority of countries in the world that are still executing . With hundreds of prisoners still on death row in India , this is a key moment for the country and its use of the death penalty . The Indian authorities must not let the Kasab , execution and the outrage around the Delhi rape trigger a resumption of executions on a larger scale . What India needs now is not revenge , but to address the many underlying issues that are perpetuating endemic violence against women . The laws and the justice system must be reformed , and the definition of rape , which is currently far from adequate , should be amended . Read more : Misogyny in India : We are all guilty The woefully low conviction rate for these crimes must also be addressed , which today only perpetuates a culture of impunity . Imposing the death penalty for sexual assault cases would likely only worsen this situation , as judges would hesitate to give such an extreme sentence , and the legal process would become even lengthier and more complicated . The Indian police force has to be better trained to deal with survivors of sexual violence , and there is a need to develop support systems for survivors . Many women are reluctant to report crimes , fearing humiliation and degrading treatment by the police , or the social stigma that comes from society at large . There are also still serious systematic failures in the Indian justice system that raise questions about its efficiency . To even begin to talk about a method of punishment until these issues have been addressed is to seriously jump the gun . This sentiment has been echoed by many , including U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay , who has called for legal reform while cautioning against the use of the death penalty . After a year in which both Afghanistan and Pakistan resumed executions after relatively long moratoriums , India now has an opportunity to show real leadership on a key human rights issue in the region . There is no question that the country 's women deserve much better legal protection , but the death penalty is not the answer . Read more : New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ananth Guruswamy .	The New Delhi gang-rape and murder of a student on December 16 sparked outrage Many Indians are calling for harsher punishments or death penalty for convicted rapists Ananth Guruswamy says the death penalty is not the solution to the problem Guruswamy says that execution "  would just perpetuate the cycle of violence "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is losing access to one of its three counternarcotics bases in Latin America , U.S. military officials said Wednesday . The Ecuadorian government has told the Bush administration it will not renew a 10-year agreement letting U.S. troops conduct anti-drug operations from Manta Air Base , an Ecuadorian Air Force installation , military officials said . The United States has used Manta Air Base since 1999 to run aerial surveillance of the eastern Pacific Ocean , looking for drug runners on the high seas as well as illicit flights . Ecuador notified the U.S. Embassy on Tuesday that it will not renew the agreement after it expires in November 2009 , the U.S. military officials said . "  The Ecuadorian people do not want foreign troops on our soil , and the government has to follow the mandate of its people , " Luis Gallegos , Ecuador 's ambassador to the United States , said Wednesday . "  We have spent more than $ 150 million on troops to monitor the border with Colombia and will continue to support anti-narcotics operations in our country , " Gallegos said . The U.S. State Department 's reaction to the announcement was mixed . "  The operations there are critical to our overall counternarcotics strategy , but Ecuador has promised continued close cooperation to confront the threat of drug smuggling , " said Heidi Bronke , a spokeswoman for the department . State Department chief spokesman Sean McCormack said the decision was Ecuador 's to make . "  We note , however , that the closure will leave a serious gap in efforts by the United States and our partners to confront illegal drug trafficking throughout the region , " he added . Up to eight planes fly missions from Manta . About 250 U.S. military personnel and civilians work there . Since the start of U.S. operations there , about 60 percent of the drug interdictions in the eastern Pacific have involved the planes based out of Manta , including the capture of more than 200 metric tons of drugs in 2007 , according to U.S. military officials . State Department officials said they could not talk about plans to move the mission to another country . Manta is the only U.S. base in South America . The U.S. military operates two other counternarcotics bases in the region : a naval operation in El Salvador and an air operation in Curacao in the Caribbean .	Deal that expires next year lets U.S. conduct anti-drug operations from Ecuador Citizens "  do not want foreign troops on our soil , " Ecuadorian ambassador says U.S. State Department spokesman : Move will leave "  serious gap " in anti-drug effort
New York  CNN  -- Planned Parenthood of New York City blasted the city 's new Teen Pregnancy Prevention Campaign on Thursday , saying it wo n't deter teen pregnancy and inappropriately shames and stigmatizes its target audience . The campaign "  creates stigma , hostility and negative public opinions about teen pregnancy and parenthood rather than offering alternative aspirations for young people , " said Haydee Morales , the organization 's vice president of education and training . "  The city 's money would be better spent helping teens access health care , birth control and high-quality sexual and reproductive health education , not on an ad campaign intended to create shock value . " The New York City Human Resources Administration/Department of Social Services announced the $ 400,000 initiative , which features pictures of babies delivering messages to their hypothetical parents such as "  Honestly , mom ... chances are he wo n't stay with you . What happens to me ? " The small print adds that 90 % of teen parents do n't marry each other . "  Dad , you 'll be paying to support me for the next 20 years , " says another of the ads , which adds in smaller print that "  NY State law requires a parent to pay child support until a child is 21 . " "  Got a good job ? I cost thousands of dollars each year , " says another , which adds that teen parents should expect to spend more than $ 10,000 a year to raise their child . "  Teens giving birth before they are ready to provide emotional and financial support is not a good way to raise children , " said Administration Commissioner Robert Doar . "  We can not dictate how people live their lives , and sometimes even the best plans do n't work out , but we must encourage responsibility and send the right message , especially to young people . " Planned Parenthood , an advocacy group and provider of reproductive health services and education , said Wednesday in a statement that the ads propagate stereotypes and fail to address the societal problems that lead to teen pregnancies . A city spokeswoman defended the ads , calling them but one part of a larger initiative that will include an interactive texting and social media campaign and a YouTube video public service announcement . "  This campaign is part of the city 's comprehensive teen pregnancy prevention program , which includes sex education , increased access to birth control and partnerships with community-based organizations , " said Samantha Levine , deputy press secretary for Mayor Michael Bloomberg . The city runs a school-based education program in which teen mothers and fathers discuss with peers the challenges of raising a child . A state-run family planning benefit program covers reproductive and sexual health care , including contraceptives , to low-income teens and adults . And a citywide relationship abuse prevention program lays out the consequences of teen pregnancy and how to avoid peer pressure and coercion . Since 2011 , the city has mandated comprehensive sex education in public schools . The city 's pregnancy rate for females has dropped by 27 % over the past decade , but it is still higher than the national average , according to the mayor 's office , which launched the campaign on Monday . "  Daughters of teen parents are more likely to become teen mothers themselves , while sons are more likely to go to prison , " it said in a statement . "  On the other hand , parents who finish high school , find full - time work and get married before having children have a 98 % chance of not living in poverty . " Planned Parenthood said that it supports the initiatives and recognizes the importance of awareness and education , but added that the rate of teen pregnancies is affected by economic and societal factors such as poverty , violence , limited access to health care , as well as gender , racial and ethnic inequalities . "  Teenage parenthood is simply not the disastrous and life-compromising event these ads portray , " it said . "  It 's time we focus on the root causes rather than point fingers at teen parents and their children . " Last year , Bloomberg pledged a $ 250,000 matching gift to the Planned Parenthood Federation of America after the Susan G. Komen for the Cure foundation cut off grants to Planned Parenthood for breast cancer screenings . The foundation later reversed its decision . According to data compiled by the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy in its 2012 publication , "  Why It Matters : Teen Childbearing , Education , and Economic Wellbeing , " roughly 48 % of mothers ages 15 to 19 lived below the poverty line . As their children grow up , their likelihood of living in poverty increases according to Jessica Sheets Pika , a spokeswoman for the organization . Some 41 % of women who gave birth before 20 were living in poverty within the first year of their child 's birth , while the chances of living in poverty rose to 50 % when their child reached 3 , Pika said .	Ad : "  Honestly , mom ... chances are he wo n't stay with you . What happens to me ? " "  Dad , you 'll be paying to support me for the next 20 years , " says one of the posters Planned Parenthood of NYC says the campaign creates stigma Nearly half of mothers ages 15-19 live in poverty , one group says
MEXICO City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican federal authorities have arrested 124 law enforcement officials in Hidalgo state on suspicion of being linked to the Zetas drug cartel , considered the nation 's most ruthless and dangerous crime syndicate . Mexican police , shown here last month awaiting transport of a cartel suspect , have cracked down on drug trafficking . Most of those arrested were municipal police officers , but there also were some high-level state and federal officials , according to the Mexico attorney general 's office . Among them were Juan Antonio Franco Bustos , chief of coordination for Hidalgo state security ; Julñio Cesar Sanchez Amador , head of public security in the city of Mineral de la Reforma ; Mario Hernandez Almonasi , director of the auto theft unit for the state ministerial police ; Raul Batres Campos , regional chief for the Federal Investigation Agency ; and Jose Esteban Olvera Jimenez , a deputy director with the state security service , the attorney general 's office said . Hidalgo is in central Mexico . Los Zetas was formed about 10 years ago by Mexican army commandos but now consists mainly of former local , state and federal police . "  The Zetas have obviously assumed the role of being the No. 1 organization responsible for the majority of the homicides , the narcotic-related homicides , the beheadings , the kidnappings , the extortions that take place in Mexico , " said Ralph Reyes , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency 's chief for Mexico and Central America .	Those arrested include police officers , high-level state and federal officials Zetas "  No. 1 organization " for narcotic-linked homicides , DEA chief says Zetas drug cartel considered nation 's most dangerous crime syndicate
CNN  -- Brent King says it still "  takes my breath away " to talk about his daughter in the same sentence as the man who killed her . But he takes comfort in the knowledge that new California legislation named after his daughter , Chelsea King , will help protect other people 's children from sex crimes . "  If this legislation would 've been in place before , Chelsea would still be with us , " King said , speaking Tuesday about Chelsea 's Law , which he and his wife , Kelly , worked on with state Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher . Chelsea 's Law is awaiting Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's signature after unanimously passing the Senate and Assembly in a rare display of bipartisanship . Formally known as AB 1844 , the bill creates mandatory sentences of life without parole for specified violent sexual offenses against children . Another major provision of the 62-page bill is lifetime parole for people who commit certain sex crimes against minors . Read the complete text of the bill It 's not the only proposed legislation to arise out of the heinous acts of registered sex offender John Gardner III , who admitted in March to killing 17-year-old Chelsea King . A few days after her body was found , he led authorities to the remains of 14-year-old Amber Dubois , who had been missing for more than a year . Gardner was sentenced to three consecutive terms of life without parole for the murders and an attack on a jogger . The deaths of the young girls provided impetus for a flurry of tougher proposed laws aimed at protecting children . Dubois ' father is behind three assembly bills concerning law enforcement response to missing children . Among the legislative proposals : -- Creating a rapid response team in the state Attorney General 's Office to help find abducted children . -- Reducing the minimum time for reporting a missing child from four hours to two . -- Enhanced training for police officers who search for missing children . The four bills are on their way to Schwarzenegger 's desk after being fast-tracked through the Legislature . Chelsea 's Law also has an urgency clause that means it will take effect as soon as Schwarzenegger signs it . The Dubois bills do not have an urgency clause and would take effect in January 2011 . The bills could have a ripple effect as King actively tries to get other states to adopt similar legislation . Read how Chelsea 's killer targeted others The speed of passage was rare for the California legislature , but not without precedent from other child safety legislation , said Mark Klaas , president and founder of KlaasKids Foundation , a nonprofit devoted to fighting crimes against children . "  California has a history of responding very strongly to vicious sex crimes against kids , especially in an election year , " Klaas said . "  When you have the fresh memory of a beautiful young girl murdered by a person who should n't have been out in the first place , they 're going to respond accordingly . " He cited the passage within months of a three-strikes law named for his daughter , Polly , who was abducted during a sleepover and murdered in 1993 . Jessica 's Law , which increased penalties for certain crimes against minors , also passed within months of being introduced , Klaas said . Klaas said he believes the Dubois bill will have a more immediate effect than Chelsea 's Law . "  Sentencing gets a lot of publicity , but they rarely seem to deliver on the promises . Other administrative bills are less colorful and more localized , but they have a possibility of helping shore up infrastructure , " he said . Gardner was paroled September 26 , 2005 , after serving five years for two counts of lewd and lascivious acts on a child younger than 14 and a single count of false imprisonment for attacking a 13-year-old neighbor . Under Chelsea 's Law , lewd and lascivious acts on a minor will carry a mandatory sentence of life without parole . The "  one-strike " provision applies to forcible sex crimes against minors that include aggravating factors , such as the victim 's age or whether the victim was bound or drugged . "  Because of what he 'd done previously to the 13-year-old girl , he would have been given life without the possibility of parole , " Brent King said . "  He never would 've been let out , and Chelsea never would 've been harmed . " King and other supporters say the bill is the most sweeping reform of its kind in recent California history , touching upon sentencing and parole as well as treatment and funding . Opponents of Chelsea 's Law call it another feel-good measure that pushes registered sex offenders further to the fringes of society . "  No matter how slight the offense , everyone in California is included in the same net , ridicule , rules and restrictions , " said a San Diego woman whose adult son is on the registry for improperly touching a 16-year-old girl . He lost custody of his son . As a result of residency restrictions , he had to move in with his parents , she said . The mother asked that her name be withheld for fear of reprisal against her family . "  Our constitutional rights are violated daily , and no one in this country cares , " she wrote in an e-mail . "  This new law is yet another ` feel good ' law that further damages families of those on the registry , and will no doubt add millions of tax burdens to taxpayers . " The woman and her son live in the same neighborhood where the Kings lived when Chelsea was alive . After Chelsea disappeared , the King family asked neighbors to tie blue ribbons around trees in her memory . The King family relocated to Illinois a few weeks ago . "  Every morning , I awaken to blue ribbons tied to the trees across the street . A daily reminder that we are now lepers , " the San Diego woman said in her e-mail . "  What happened to Chelsea was an unimaginable tragic event caused by one sick individual . " In response to criticism that the legislation took a "  one-size-fits-all " approach to punishing sex offenses and managing paroled sex offenders , Fletcher amended the bill in committee . It now includes criteria for assessing the risk of recidivism and , based on that risk , placing certain paroled sex offenders under greater supervision . The bill also calls for those risk assessment "  scores " to be included in the offenders ' online profiles on the Megan 's Law website , California 's version of the sex offender registry . "  We will be instituting a dynamic risk assessment , which means it can change on a monthly basis and it will be based on a whole series of factors , not just the crime , " said Fletcher , who introduced the legislation in the state assembly in April . The bill also allows the use of polygraphs in parole supervision . "  This legislation provides experts with better tools than the ones available now to assess risk . If you have a sex offender who 's not compliant , their risk assessment level will go up , they 'll get more visits and supervision , " Fletcher said . The amended legislation also addresses funding for changes expected to cost tens of millions of dollars over the next decade , according to a preliminary study by the state Legislative Analyst 's Office . The crime of petty theft will be downgraded to a misdemeanor , clearing clogged court dockets and freeing space in jails and prisons . Despite its broad sweep , Brent King says the bill 's cornerstone is the one-strike provision . "  It was my and Kelly 's belief that there was no reason that we could find that people who targeted young children violently could ever be reformed , so why give these violent sexual predators an opportunity to strike twice ? That was our premise and it grew from there , " he said . King said he has identified four states that are interested in adopting similar legislation but he would not name them . "  I think California has taken such a strong step forward that I 'm excited about taking Chelsea 's Law across the nation . "	Chelsea 's Law is one of four bills stemming from murders committed by John Gardner III Chelsea 's Law mandates life without parole for forcible sex offenses against minors Three bills backed by Amber Dubois ' father address missing children searches Bills await governor 's approval in what could send ripple effect across country
Washington  CNN  -- An appeal over singer Janet Jackson 's "  wardrobe malfunction " and brief partial nudity on national television has reached the Supreme Court , the latest free speech episode over indecent , if fleeting , images and words on the public airwaves . The Obama administration has asked the Supreme Court to decide whether record government fines against CBS should be allowed to stand . A federal appeals court last November ruled for the network and its affiliates , saying the Federal Communications Commission 's sanctions were improper . The agency had punished the network with a $ 550,000 fine after the pop singer 's breast was briefly exposed during a live halftime show with fellow entertainer Justin Timberlake at the 2004 Super Bowl . The Supreme Court is currently deciding a separate but related issue over whether FCC enforcement policies violate the free speech rights of broadcasters airing profanity and sexual content , both in live and scripted form . The Justice Department in its appeal over the Janet Jackson incident told the high court there is no "  fleeting images exemption from indecency enforcement " and that the singer 's act was "  shocking and pandering , " airing "  during a prime-time broadcast of a sporting event that was marketed as family entertainment and contained no warning that it would include nudity . " But CBS countered that the government in recent decades has applied inconsistent rules to indecent words and images , punishing some instances and ignoring others . The three-judge Philadelphia-based 3rd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals agreed , finding for a second time the FCC had acted "  arbitrarily and capriciously , " since the commission did not give the media companies proper prior warning about subsequent changes in its enforcement policies . "  The balance of the evidence weighs heavily against the FCC 's contention that its restrained enforcement policy for fleeting material extended only to fleeting words and not to fleeting images , " wrote Judge Marjorie Rendell for the 2-1 majority . She said the agency rules changed suddenly , a month after the Jackson incident in Houston . "  An agency may not apply a policy to penalize conduct that occurred before the policy was announced , " said the judge . CBS now has a month to formally reply in writing to the high court , It is expected to urge the justices to stay out of the case . The high court would not decide whether to accept the appeal for review until June or perhaps later this fall . If placed on the docket , oral arguments and a ruling would not likely happen until sometime next year . After viewer complaints and national media attention , the FCC said the Jackson incident was obscene . In addition to CBS Inc. , 20 of its affiliates also were fined . Congress quickly reacted at the time to the visual shocker by increasing the limit on indecency fines tenfold , up to $ 325,000 per violation per network . And it said each local affiliate that aired such incidents also could be punished by the same amount . The FCC claimed the network had "  alarm bells " something might have been up , suggesting Jackson and Timberlake may have planned ripping off the woman 's bustier , exposing her breast for nine-sixteenths of a second . Family advocacy groups had blasted the appeals court 's 2011 opinion . "  Today 's ruling reaches the level of judicial stupidity and is a sucker-punch to families everywhere . In rendering an opinion it wishes to foist on the nation , the Third Circuit has chosen to ignore the law , the facts , Supreme Court precedent , the intent of the Congress and the will of the American people , " said Parents Television Council President Tim Winter . "  How can nudity and a striptease in front of 90 million unsuspecting TV viewers not qualify as indecency ? " There was no immediate reaction from the CBS or the other networks to the FCC 's appeal to the high court . The administration 's request comes as the high court is preparing a separate ruling in coming weeks on larger constitutional issues surrounding programming content . The justices in 2009 narrowly upheld the authority of the FCC to punish networks for airing profanity . But they refused to decide whether the commission 's policy violates the First Amendment guarantee of free speech . It ruled at the time only on the government 's enforcement power . Then in January , the justices revisited the issue and have been working behind the scenes on one of the most closely watched petitions this term . The government clampdown on obscene images and words began in 2003 . The changes became known as the Golden Globes Rule , as it stemmed from singer Bono 's acceptance speech at the live awards show on NBC , in which he uttered the phrase "  really , really , f -- ing brilliant . " The commission specifically cited celebrities Cher and Nicole Richie for potty-mouth language in the 2002 and 2003 Billboard Music Awards , which aired live on Fox . Richie , in an apparent scripted moment , said , "  Have you ever tried to get cow s -- t out of a Prada purse ? It 's not so f -- ing simple . " A separate complaint against ABC involved "  NYPD Blue , " a scripted police drama , and a complaint against CBS involved "  The Early Show , " a news and interview program . Enforcement of the law , as well as fines and sanctions for the incidents , has been put on hold while the cases are being argued . The television networks say their scripted shows no longer air nudity , racy images or expletives , even after 10 p.m. , when some potentially vulgar words are permitted . They worry , however , about unplanned , often spontaneous indecent or profane incidents at live events , such as awards shows and sporting events . Company officials say such programs are often on a five-second delay , and censors are on hand to bleep any offensive language . But some indecent words can slip through , they admit , and they want to be protected from heavy government fines . Critics call that laughable . Winter , in a CNN interview , noted that CBS edited the F-word into a recent episode of "  Big Brother , " a taped reality show , which he said had to go through multiple reviews , by multiple people in the media organization . The "  wardrobe malfunction " case is FCC v. CBS Corp.  11-1240  .	The Obama administration wants the Supreme Court to rule on FCC fines An appeals court last year said the agency 's sanctions were improper Family advocacy groups have blasted the appeals court 's opinion The Supreme Court will decide later this year whether to accept the case
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 43 people were killed and 72 others were injured as widespread violence broke out overnight following the killing of a provincial lawmaker in the southern Pakistani port city of Karachi Tuesday , police said . Syed Raza Haider , a leader of the MQM party , was shot Monday evening at a mosque where he was attending the funeral of a relative , according to Rafiq Gul , Karachi 's deputy superintendent of police . The gunman also killed the politician 's bodyguard . Gul said Haider 's death triggered political and ethnic violence in the city , as mobs set fire to vehicles and gunfire erupted . Gul said 48 vehicles , eight shops and several gas stations were set ablaze in the mayhem . The MQM is part of the ruling coalition backing President Asif Ali Zardari 's Pakistan People 's Party . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	A provincial politician was attending a funeral when he was killed His death sparked political and ethnic violence across Karachi
Washington  CNN  -- Reports the United States is on the verge of a security agreement with Afghanistan that includes a formal letter of apology for past mistakes by American troops are completely false , the National Security adviser told CNN on Tuesday . The statements came amid claims by Afghan officials that the Obama administration offered to write the letter as part of an effort to keep a small number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan well past the 2014 deadline to withdraw . "  No such letter has been drafted or delivered . There is not a need for the United States to apologize to Afghanistan , " National Security Adviser Susan Rice said on CNN 's "  Situation Room . " "  Quite the contrary , we have sacrificed and supported them in their democratic progress and in tackling the insurgents and al Qaeda . So that  letter of apology  is not on the table . " Rice said she has seen news reports but has no idea where they are coming from , describing the claims as a "  complete misunderstanding of what the situation is . " The claim first surfaced following talks Tuesday between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Afghan President Hamid Karzai , when Karzai 's spokesman told reporters that Kerry said President Barack Obama would write an official letter guaranteeing the United States would not repeat "  past mistakes " that led to civilian casualties . Asked later about such a letter , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , "  I do n't have anything to tell you about whether there will or wo n't be a letter . " The conversation between Karzai and Kerry came ahead of a meeting of Afghan leaders -- known as a Loya Jirga -- to potentially sign off on a deal that would allow a limited number of American troops to stay to train Afghan security services . Kerry declined an invitation to attend to the Loya Jirga , but offered to write a letter to the leaders offering U.S. assurances about a future security relationship , said two senior U.S. officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The letter Kerry offered would also clarify the U.S. position on past issues , such as civilian casualties and a pledge to do everything possible to avoid them , said one of the officials . But the letter in no way would be offered as an apology , both officials said . White House spokesman Jay Carney said a "  general agreement " between the two countries was reached last month . There have been talks in the weeks since "  to finalize the text , " he said . Opium poppy cultivation rises to new levels in Afghanistan Rice said the United States was in the last stages of negotiations on a framework that Kerry and Karzai signed off on last month during talks . "  Without such an agreement , that level of cooperation would be all but impossible . " Karzai 's office issued a statement spelling out some points of contention , including the Afghan government 's opposition to raids "  on any Afghan homes by U.S. forces , " while Washington wants to be able to conduct such operations "  in exceptional circumstances . " According to the statement , Karzai proposed two alternatives : -- Have Kerry himself make the case for military raids when the Loya Jirga convenes later this week -- Do n't sign any bilateral security agreement until a new Afghan government takes shape after the upcoming presidential election , set for next April Karzai agrees to new deadline for prison handover Carney acknowledged military raids were an issue , calling them a matter of concern for both countries . U.S. troops were deployed to Afghanistan following the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , which were coordinated by al Qaeda leaders then based in the country . Obama has vowed to reduce U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan , with the goal to end the U.S. combat mission by the end of 2014 Several military and Pentagon officials have told CNN that one option now being considered calls for a total NATO force of 8,000 to 12,000 troops , with 3,000 to 4,000 coming from NATO countries , and the United States providing up the balance of troops . While the final numbers could change , a senior Defense Department official said it 's not likely to change by much . If fewer than 8,000 were to stay , relatively few would be able to engage in actual missions . Obama signals Afghan war 's next chapter CNN 's Greg Botelho and Gabe Lamonica contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry offered a letter of assurances , not apologies , officials say Reports the U.S. will offer an apology are false , the national security adviser says U.S. : A "  general " security agreement was reached last month , but some issues remain U.S.-led military raids on Afghan homes have been a major point of discussion
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A medical ailment that has worried male members of string sections across the music world for over 30 years has been exposed as a hoax . Male cellists of the world can breathe easy again . A senior British lawmaker confessed to making up the condition known as "  cello scrotum " -- which relates to chafing from the instrument -- after reading about another musically-related ailment called "  guitarist 's nipple " in the British Medical Journal in 1974 . Elaine Murphy , who is a member of The House of Lords and a trained doctor , came clean about the prank she devised with husband John in a letter to the BMJ published on Wednesday . She said : "  Perhaps after 34 years it 's time for us to confess that we invented cello scrotum . "  Reading  Dr  Curtis 's 1974 letter to the BMJ on guitar nipple , we thought it highly likely to be a spoof and decided to go one further by submitting a letter pretending to have noted a similar phenomenon in cellists , signed by the non-doctor one of us . "  Anyone who has ever watched a cello being played would realize the physical impossibility of our claim . " Murphy 's confession may have been hastened by the fact that cello scrotum was referenced by a medical researcher in the BMJ late last year . The article , entitled "  A symphony of maladies , " focused on health problems among musicians and contained references to such ailments as fiddler 's neck , flautist 's chin and cellist 's chest . Fiona Godlee , editor of the BMJ , told Britain 's Independent newspaper : "  It seems the BMJ has been deliciously hoaxed . It is wonderful it has been going all these years and no one realized . "  We frown on misconduct and medical fraud is taken very seriously . But in this case I hope I am right in saying that no harm has been done . " Murphy was made a life peer in 2004 and is active on mental health and ageing issues in the House of Lords .	Elaine Murphy is a member of The House of Lords and a trained doctor She made up cello scrotum ailment after reading about guitarist 's nipple in 1974 Cello scrotum was referenced in a British Medical Journal article last year "  A symphony of maladies " focused on health problems among musicians
CNN  -- A search warrant filed in Tampa , Florida , Tuesday says a mother was unconscious and wearing a bloody robe and her two deceased children were covered in blankets when police arrived . Julie K. Schenecker was awakened and taken from a screened-in pool area to inside the home , where evidence was recovered , according to the warrant filed in Circuit Court in Hillsborough County . The search warrant was posted on the website of CNN affiliate WTSP . Schenecker , 50 , is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the January 28 deaths of her 13-year-old son , Beau Powers Schenecker , and her 16-year-old daughter , Calyx Powers Schenecker . She was denied bond at a court appearance Monday , a court spokesman said . The warrant provides new details in the case : Five bullets and a Smith & Wesson box and instruction manual were found in the master bedroom ; 15 live rounds and five spent shell casings were in the master bath . Also indicated in the search warrant -- both inside and outside the house -- were cigarette butts , note pads , undisclosed medication and paperwork . Police found Calyx 's body in an upstairs bedroom . She had been shot twice in the head , police said . Beau 's body was later found in the front seat of an SUV inside the home 's garage , police said . They said he was shot while he was being driven to soccer practice . A preliminary investigation indicates the teens were killed Thursday night , the police statement said , but the county medical examiner will determine their time of death . Schenecker confessed to killing the children , according to a police statement , eventually recounting her rationale and thought process "  in detail , " according to a press release . "  She did tell us that they talked back , that they were mouthy , " Tampa police spokeswoman Laura McElroy told CNN affiliate WTSP late last week . "  But I do n't think that will ever serve as an explanation to the rest of us of how you could take a child 's life . " Officers arrived at 7:45 a.m. to find Julie Schenecker on her home 's back porch , "  a little combative " and her clothing soaked in blood , McElroy said . Schenecker had initially planned what she called the "  massacre " -- killing the children and then herself , McElroy said on Monday -- for January 22 , but she put it off after learning there would be a three-day check before she could buy a gun . Police later found writings in the house , thought to be from Schenecker , in which she spelled out her intentions in detail . "  There are definitely indications that she planned this , " McElroy said . "  The writing  was devoid of emotion . " Police opened , and then dropped , an investigation of physical abuse involving Schenecker against her teen daughter , closing the case weeks before the killings . "  Our belief was that she did n't snap -- she planned this , " McElroy told HLN 's Vinnie Politan on Monday . In November , police opened a child abuse investigation into allegations Schenecker had abused Calyx , according to a report from the Tampa Police . A responding officer , Julie Becker , wrote that she did n't see any "  visible injuries " on Calyx , nor did the girl complain of any . "  She seemed cautious of what was saying , and at times began to cry , " Becker said in her report . Calyx told police that days earlier her mother repeatedly hit her while they were driving home , before she was able to run to a safe spot in her room . The girl said that a month and a half earlier , her mother had hit her so hard in the face it caused her lip to bleed . Julie Schenecker told police she had hit the girl three times in the first incident after the girl told her , "  You 're disgusting , " and "  You 're not my parent , " according to the police report . She said Calyx was not bruised or bleeding afterward . The mother also admitted hitting the girl once more than a month earlier , according to her police statement , but she again denied that Calyx had bled . Becker noted , "  There is no prior history  related to  this location and the family . " On December 21 , having found "  no evidence of a criminal offense , " authorities ended their investigation of the case . McElroy , the Tampa police spokeswoman , said Monday that the daughter 's seeming "  regret " over her comments and the fact no wounds could be seen prompted the investigators ' decision . "  Parents can discipline their children using physical force , as long as there 's no injury , " said McElroy . "  That 's why there was no criminal offense at that time . " But McElroy said police determined on January 28 after they arrived at the family home that Schenecker had plotted to kill the teens . Authorities went to the house after getting a call from the suspect 's mother who , after email communications the previous night , was worried her daughter was depressed . Schenecker 's husband , Parker , is a colonel in the U.S. Army . He is a member of U.S. Central Command . Police told CNN affiliate WFTS that he was in Qatar when his children were killed . Schenecker appeared in court Monday via video link from jail , WFTS reported . She held a tissue and wept softly during the two-minute appearance . Judge Walter Heinrich said at the hearing that Schenecker likely will undergo a psychiatric evaluation , according to CNN affiliates WTSP and WFTS . She did not enter a plea because of that likelihood , according to Hillsborough County Court spokesman Calvin Green . No new court dates are set in the case , Green said . Prosecutors have 21 days to present the case to a grand jury . The mourning for the young victims continues in west Florida , where a vigil was held Friday night . On Monday -- their first day back since the shootings became public -- students at Liberty Middle School in Tampa wore blue and black in memory of Beau , an eighth-grader at the school . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Classmates and others in Tampa mourn the two slain teens Police probed alleged abuse involving Julie Schenecker in fall , records show A police spokeswoman says Schenecker detailed a plan to kill her kids in writing Police say Schenecker admitted killing her children because they were "  mouthy "
Washington  CNN  -- A bomb threat made at an airport ticket counter in Dayton , Ohio , prompted a search of a US Airways flight that landed safely at Washington 's Reagan airport Sunday , authorities said . A law enforcement official said Sunday afternoon that no explosives have been found and the scene is now clear . The woman who made the threat in Ohio , who was taken into custody , may have mental health issues , the official said . Hours earlier , the FBI , Transportation Security Administration and the Federal Aviation Administration began probing reports of "  a bomb on board US Airways Flight 2596 , " FBI spokeswoman Lindsay Godwin said . The flight originated in Dayton and was closer to Washington when the threat was made , "  prompting officials to let the plane proceed , " Godwin said . The US Airways flight departed on time , at 11:42 a.m. , but landed about 30 minutes later than scheduled at 1:36 p.m. , according to the airline 's website . The plane was preparing to land when the airport was told to hold the flight , said Courtney Mickalonis , a spokeswoman for Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . Upon landing , the plane was directed to a remote runway and the 44 passengers were deplaned , Mickalonis said . US Airways spokeswoman Tina Swail said three crew members also had been aboard the CRJ 200 plane . A K-9 team alerted to a checked bag , TSA said , and local police are investigating . Kristin Lee , a Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman , said Sunday afternoon that the agency is "  aware of a verbal bomb threat . " All passengers safely were taken off , and the bomb squad swept the plane , she said in an e-mailed statement . Video showed luggage scattered on ground around the runway just outside the aircraft . One person dressed in bomb squad gear opened and looked at the bags , one by one . Other aircraft could be seen taking off from the airport . But US Airways ' express flights -- like the one from Dayton -- are experiencing delays as a result of the incident , airline spokeswoman Tina Swail said . The plane 's passengers , meanwhile , were being questioned by FBI investigators , Mickalonis said . CNN 's Jonathan Helman , Mike M. Ahlers , Carol Cratty and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : The woman who made the threat may have mental issues , an official says NEW : No bomb is found and the scene in Washington is now clear , the official adds The threat was made in person at a ticket counter in Dayton , Ohio 44 passengers who safely deplaned are being questioned , an airport official says
CNN  -- At least 19 soldiers were killed over the weekend in separate clashes with rebels in Colombia , the country 's president said . President Juan Manuel Santos reported attacks by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC , in Arauca and Caqueta . In the department of Arauca , which borders Venezuela , rebels ambushed a group of soldiers guarding an oil pipeline . Fifteen soldiers were killed and 12 rebels were captured , Santos said . Another four soldiers were killed in Caqueta , which is a department in the south of the country . "  The instructions to our forces are as follows : Do n't stop shooting , even for an instant until we reach the end of the conflict , " the president said , according to his office . Santos vowed operations will continue until those responsible are held to account . The violence comes amid peace talks between the government and the FARC . The two sides have been at war since the 1960s . Santos has said he wants talks , which started last year and are taking place in Cuba , wrapped up by November . There have been sporadic attempts at peace in the past . The last effort fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group , but he ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position .	15 soldiers are killed in one attack , four in another 12 rebels are captured , says the president The violence comes amid peace talks between the government and the FARC
CNN  -- An 18-year-old Panamanian fisherman who survived 28 days adrift at sea is suing Princess Cruise Lines , arguing that one of its cruise ships should have stopped and saved him . A negligence lawsuit filed in Florida last week says the behavior of officers or crew members of the Star Princess was "  outrageous and , under the circumstances , so beyond all bounds of decency as to be regarded as shocking , atrocious and utterly intolerable in a civilized community . " Three passengers who were birdwatching on the ship alerted a crew member when they spotted Adrian Vasquez and his companions signaling for help from their fishing boat , the suit says . Even though crew members "  had clear knowledge that people were stranded in an open boat hundreds of miles from shore in the Pacific Ocean and desperately calling for their help , " the suit says , "  they consciously ignored the emergency situation and did not deviate from their cruise . " The fishing boat , Fifty Cents , had been adrift for 15 days when it crossed paths with the Star Princess on March 10 , according to the lawsuit . At the time , all three fishermen aboard were alive . Later that day , according to the lawsuit , 16-year-old Fernando Osorio died , "  having lost all hope as the Star Princess steamed away . " Five days later , another fisherman on the broken-down boat , Oropeces Betancourt , 24 , died at sea . Two days after spotting the struggling fishermen , the three cruise ship passengers followed up with a ship officer , asking him what happened to the fishing boat after their report , according to the lawsuit . "  This officer did not have an answer for them and walked away without explanation , " the lawsuit says . Princess Cruises spokeswoman Karen Candy did not comment on this specific allegation Monday , adding that the company was still investigating the incident . Robert Dickman , a lawyer for Vasquez , speculated that one reason the Star Princess did not stop was because the cruise ship 's crew did n't want to get off schedule for their next stop in Puntarenas , Costa Rica -- and , thus , lose money . The ship did arrive in Puntarenas on March 11 , noted Candy , but she strongly denied that the crew decided not to help the fishermen for financial reasons . "  This is absolutely false , " she told CNN by e-mail . Princess Cruises released a statement Monday saying it was "  deeply saddened that two Panamanian men perished at sea " and "  very sorry for the tragic loss of life . " "  Because of what we suspect was a case of unfortunate miscommunication , regretfully the captain of the Star Princess was never notified of the passengers ' concern . Had he been advised , he would have had the opportunity to respond , as he has done numerous times throughout his career , " the statement said . "  This is an upsetting and emotional issue for us all , as no employee onboard a Princess ship would purposefully ignore someone in distress . It is our ethical and maritime responsibility to provide assistance to any vessel in need , and it is not an uncommon occurrence for our ships to be involved in a rescue at sea . In fact , we have done so more than 30 times over the last decade . " Jeff Gilligan , one of the cruise ship passengers who said he saw the stranded fisherman and alerted the cruise ship 's crew , told CNN last month that he took a picture of the fishing boat from about two miles away . "  It 's just a horrible thing . I 'm sick about it , " he said . He saw the tiny vessel through high-powered scopes , he said . It appeared not to be moving , he said , but the men onboard were . "  We were looking through powerful spotting scopes before I took those photographs , and we -- the three of us -- could n't come up with any reasonable explanation why somebody would have been flagging with two different colors of cloth , clothing or whatever it was , to our ship from perhaps two miles away on a little boat that was n't moving , over 100 miles from the coast , " he said . At the time , he and his fellow passengers thought the cruise ship crew members would do something . "  We fully expected the ship to turn around or to send a tender boat out to investigate ... our suspicions , " he said . Vasquez 's lawsuit seeks compensation for physical , emotional and psychological injuries that it alleges he suffered as a result of the conduct of cruise line employees . The story of Vasquez 's survival gained international coverage when the Ecuadorian navy rescued him north of the Galapagos Islands in March . The trio 's February 24 fishing trip had started out well , according to Vasquez 's mother , Nilsa de la Cruz . The three caught plenty of fish , she said . But the boat 's engine died without warning and , with no tools and scant navigational experience , there was little the trio could do , de la Cruz told CNN . Ecuadorian Rear Adm. Freddy Garcia Calle said that at the time he was found , the 18-year-old showed "  severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition . " He said the survivor had thrown his friends ' bodies into the ocean "  because they had become badly decomposed . " CNN 's Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell , Catherine E. Shoichet and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Princess Cruises denies a lawyer 's claim its crew did n't stop for financial reasons A man who watched two of his companions die at sea sues Princess Cruise Lines The survivor says the behavior of the cruise 's crew was "  outrageous " The cruise company says it 's investigating , adding it suspects "  unfortunate miscommunication "
CNN  Sunday , January 18 , 2014 Wow ! Sunday evening , it 's 9:30 p.m. , and I am beat . Might fall asleep . Guess I will find out how the Patriots did in the AFC playoff tomorrow  the game would have started at 11:40 p.m. local time  . I arrived here in Liberia Friday evening , January 16 , after a 26 hour trip  three flights with a long layover in Brussels  , with my seven pieces of luggage , filled mostly with donated drugs and supplies for ELWA Hospital , the ministry SIM runs just outside Monrovia . I 've spent some time catching up with our SIM Liberia country director , Will , who just got back here from the UK about five days ago , and Dr. John , my colleague who has been anchoring the hospital medical staff throughout the Ebola crisis . Because I was n't due to report for work until Monday , we decided to clean the apartment where I had stayed in August , as it had been unoccupied since I left . Dr. John and I suited up in gloves and gowns this afternoon to clean out the apartment , bleaching items that were valuable  like my Kindle and my digital camera , which both seem to work  , disposing of the rest , washing the dishes in bleach and soap , and mopping all the surfaces with bleach . After a few more days of airing out , it will be ready to use . It took over 4 hours in 90 degree heat . We were drenched with sweat -- no wonder I am exhausted ! Later , when I tested my camera to see if it still worked after sitting in the humid , salty air for four months , I looked at the pictures I had taken back in August . The final picture was one taken after I developed a fever : It was of a lovely pineapple upside down cake , baked by a good friend from church who did n't even realize I was sick . Her son had brought it to me after Sunday worship service , and I told him he had to just leave it on the step . Returning to the apartment , and seeing the picture of the cake , brought me right back to my last weekend there . It sharpened my recollection of my feelings -- waiting anxiously to see if my fever would break , praying earnestly and tearfully , and focusing my thoughts on God 's love and care for me , whatever was to come . Seeing all my friends and colleagues , both missionaries and Liberians , has been great ! It does feel like something is missing from our reunion , since we are not hugging or shaking hands in Liberia at this time . But still -- there have been wonderful smiles as people recognize me and express their thanks to God that my life was spared . Liberians really know how to smile . Most people are visibly relieved by the improvement in conditions . The number of cases of Ebola has come down markedly -- the ELWA 2 unit associated with our hospital is now empty . There are still scattered cases in isolated pockets around the city , and in the rural areas in western Liberia . People seem optimistic but still very vigilant . They remember that there was a significant drop in cases back in May , early in the epidemic , which turned out to be just a lull followed by a huge second wave . It also sounds like more people are getting themselves to a treatment unit on time for care , so the survival rate is higher than it was at first . A dear friend told me the sad story of her neighbor who died of Ebola in November . He was in denial the entire time , and would not admit that his symptoms might be due to Ebola . He died and unfortunately eight others in his family also got sick and died . Many are recognizing this pattern : Those who are quicker to suspect Ebola and get tested do much better themselves , and help protect their family and community . On the other hand , those who remain in denial , end up harming the ones they love . On the whole , Liberia has come to grips with the reality of Ebola , and I feel proud of their resilience and determination to beat this virus , with God 's help .	Dr. Rick Sacra was treating patients in Liberia when he got sick with Ebola He recovered in the U.S. and went back to continue to help patients Life felt different when he arrived back home , but he is glad to be back helping provide medical care
CNN  -- A plane performing at an air show in Davenport , Iowa , crashed and exploded in front of thousands of spectators . The pilot of the plane was killed in the accident Saturday afternoon when the plane nosedived into an alfalfa field during the Quad City Air Show , officials said . The pilot , who died on impact , was not immediately identified by authorities . The plane , a high performance L-39 Albatross jet trainer , was attempting a 45-degree bank when it crashed , Assistant Police Chief Don Schaeffer told CNN affiliate WQAD . The pilot was a member of the Hopper Flight , a group of exhibition fliers , Schaeffer said . A home video taken by a spectator showed what appeared to be three airplanes flying in formation when one appeared to experience a problem . Seconds later , the plane hit the ground and exploded in a giant fireball . "  Ladies and gentlemen , please keep your seats , " an announcer can be heard saying on the video obtained by CNN affiliate KWQC . "  We have training and personnel on board to handle these situations . " The crash is under investigation by the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety , officials said . The air show was temporarily halted after the crash , with "  Taps " being sounded as aircraft flew in formation over the crowd . The crash occurred just days after federal investigators released their findings behind the cause of a crash last September at the National Championship Air Races in Reno , Nevada , that killed a pilot and 10 spectators . More than 60 others were injured in the crash . Investigators found that unprecedented speed and worn aircraft parts were behind the accident .	The plane crashes into an alfalfa field in Davenport , Iowa The pilot has not been identified by authorities A home video captures the crash and subsequent explosion
CNN  -- The women 's spring 2013 runway shows have wrapped up in New York , London and Milan and Paris , previewing what 's newest and next in ready-to-wear . But a handful of fashion museums -- from the Big Apple to Amsterdam to Kobe , Japan -- offer year-round peeks into the history of high style . Thanks to their rotating exhibitions and permanent collections , they help visitors connect the cultural dots between the history of fashion and what 's happening now . You do n't have to be a designer-obsessed fashionista to check them out . "  Everybody from a 2-year-old child to a grandmother has a sense of the role of fashion in their lives , " says Dr. Valerie Steele , director and chief curator of The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology , whose New York exhibitions include "  Gothic : Dark Glamour ; " "  Love & War : The Weaponized Woman " and "  The Corset : Fashioning the Body . " "  People get information about fashion from so many sources . The museum is just one more medium , but it 's outside the commercial realm . We 're not trying to sell them anything -- just to inspire them . " A history of the little black dress Fashion museums , whether in the United States , South America , Europe or Asia , tend to specialize in certain aspects of style . In The Netherlands , Amsterdam 's Tassen Museum Hendrikje is all about bags and purses ; thanks to its namesake 's footwear roots , Museo Salvatore Ferragamo in Florence , Italy , offers a well-heeled walk through Hollywood . Others , like The Museum at FIT  which considers itself a "  think tank , " Steele says  not only stage chronological and historical exhibits and yearly symposiums , but also introduce visitors to student-created fashion collections . "  All of the time , we try to reach out to make it accessible to the general public , as well as for students , industry professionals and fashion connoisseurs , " says Steele , a professor and author who The New York Times has called a "  High-Heeled Historian . " "  We go the extra mile about not just showing pretty dresses , but to think about what they mean in the cultural sense . I 'm a great believer that fashion is not something superficial , but a part of our culture and history . " First ladies ' gowns at the Smithsonian Here 's a glimpse of the sartorial style you 'll find at 10 of the world 's top fashion museums . Click through examples of the museums ' offerings in the gallery above . Museo Salvatore Ferragamo Florence , Italy Housed just downstairs from the company 's flagship boutique on Florence 's ultra-chic Via dei Tornabuoni , the Museo Salvatore Ferragamo pays tribute to this legendary Italian fashion company 's products -- and the global celebrities who helped make them famous . Naples-born Salvatore Ferragamo became "  shoemaker to the stars " in the 1920s after opening a shop in Hollywood . With rotating exhibitions like "  Marilyn " and an impressively displayed permanent collection of Ferragamo 's iconic footwear , this museum is a must-see for the casual and footwear-obsessed fashion follower . Museo de la Moda Santiago , Chile Founded in 1999 by Jorge Yarur Bascuñán , a descendant of wealthy Chilean-Palestinian textile merchants , the privately funded Museo de la Moda boasts an impressive 10,000-piece collection . With pieces acquired through auctions and donations , the Museo , the only fashion museum in South America , is in the Yarur Bascuñán historic family home . Its collection , which dates back to 5 B.C. , includes the military jacket John Lennon wore during a LIFE Magazine photo shoot in 1966 and the strapless black evening gown then-Lady Diana wore in 1981 during her first public appearance after her engagement to Britain 's Prince Charles . Santiago stopover : Unlocking the secrets of Chile 's capital The Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum of Art New York The Costume Institute at the world-famous Met houses more than 35,000 costumes and accessories , a collection spanning five continents and dating back 500 years . Actress Sarah Jessica Parker narrates the Institute 's audio guide , "  Costume : The Art of Dress , " which highlights the cultural significance of fashion throughout the ages . The museum stages at least one special exhibition each year , with recent ones including 2004 's "  Dangerous Liaisons : Fashion and Furniture in the 18th Century ; " 2006 's "  AngloMania : Tradition and Transgression in British Fashion " and 2010 's "  American Woman : Fashioning a National Identity . " The Museum at FIT New York Housed at Manhattan 's famed Fashion Institute of Technology , The Museum at FIT is known for its innovative and award-winning special exhibitions . In July , it earned accreditation from the American Alliance of Museums , the highest national recognition possible for a museum . Founded in the late 1960s , it is visited by 100,000 people each year . With a permanent collection of 50,000 garments and accessories from the 18th century to the present , the Museum at FIT places an emphasis on "  aesthetically and historically significant ` directional ' clothing , with an eye toward contemporary avant-garde fashion . Kent State University Museum Kent , Ohio Housed on a university campus in northeast Ohio , the Kent State Museum contains important collections of fashion and decorative arts , with eight galleries featuring rotating exhibitions of work by artists and designers . Affiliated with Kent State 's Shannon Rodgers and Jerry Silverman School of Fashion Design and Merchandising , the museum gives students an up-close-and-personal look at historic and contemporary fashion and costumes from global cultures . Accredited by the American Association of Museums , Kent State 's collections span from the 17th to the 21st centuries . Kobe Fashion Museum Kobe , Japan "  The first museum in Japan to specialize in fashion , " the Kobe Fashion Museum houses materials open to students , industry professionals and those working in the business of fashion . The museum 's fifth floor offers a space for young people to gather for events and entertainment , designed to promote "  a new culture of fashion in Kobe . " The collection here not only includes garments from Asia , but also from around the world . Les Arts Décoratifs Paris Located in the west wing of the world-famous Louvre museum , Les Arts Décoratifs houses three museums in one : Arts Décoratifs , Publicité and Mode et Textile -- and it 's this one that 's home to temporary but dramatic fashion exhibitions . The currently staged "  Louis Vuitton Marc Jacobs " traces the careers of the French-born creator of 19th-century trunks and accessories and the American designer who spent 15 years as artistic director at the house Vuitton built . With more than 81,000 works , the two-floor Mode et Textile space owns collections of design legends including Paul Poiret , Christian Dior and Elsa Schiaparelli . Fashion Museum Bath , United Kingdom The English town of Bath seems an unlikely place for a museum dedicated to high style , but it has been home to the Fashion Museum  formerly the Museum of Costume  since 1963 . About 100,000 visitors come each year to check out its annually rotating exhibitions , guided tours and interactive displays . A bonus : family-friendly "  dressing up activities , " in which kids can try on replica archery costumes and Victorian garb over their own clothes . Tassen Museum Hendrikje Amsterdam , The Netherlands With 4,000 bags , purses , trunks , pouches , cases and accessories , this Dutch museum claims to have the "  world 's largest bag collection . " It certainly has got some of the world 's most interesting ones . Located in a traditional central Amsterdam canal house , the Tassen Museum boasts Western-style handbags dating back 500 years . Beyond hosting exhibitions of contemporary bag designers from the Netherlands and abroad , the Tassen offers bag-designing workshops , kids ' bag-decorating birthday parties , and afternoon tea in one of its elegantly decorated 17th and 18th century period rooms . ModeMuseum Province of Antwerp  MoMu Antwerp , Belgium The second-largest Belgian city is known for its sense of style and hipster cool , so it makes sense that a museum celebrating fashion is housed here . A totally renovated 19th century space is the backdrop for ModeMuseum 's thematic exhibitions , which showcase specific designers or fashion-related topics . Rather than parking items in glass cases , curators tailor the museum 's interior spaces to the feel of each exhibition , adding a larger cultural context to the fashion that 's on display . The places where masterpieces are born	Museums around the globe offer year-round peeks into the history of high style Museo Salvatore Ferragamo in Florence , Italy , specializes in shoes worn by the stars Museo de la Moda in Santiago , Chile , is the only fashion museum in South America Tassen Museum Hendrikje in Amsterdam holds 4,000 purses , trunks and accessories
CNN  -- Wednesday is the second anniversary of the Osama bin Laden raid . The terrorist leader 's death made the world safer , but the bombings in Boston on Patriots ' Day are a cruel reminder that we will never prevent every act of terror . In the United States , we accept that risks coexist with our culture of freedom . Yet we also must act with greater responsibility in the face of ongoing threats . We can begin by rejecting a culture that drives details of our nation 's special operations missions out into the open , thereby weakening our national security . The aftermath of the raid in Abbottabad is a powerful example of this problem . We have tolerated , and at times encouraged , a steady stream of marketing and promotion that glorifies the mission and its participants : "  No Easy Day , " an unauthorized , tell-all bestseller by a special operator ; "  Zero Dark Thirty , " a blockbuster film based on insider accounts ; and "  The Shooter , " an Esquire magazine profile that sparked a scramble for personal credit amid competing claims over who fatally shot bin Laden , and how and where . We might think such visibility honors our nation 's special operations forces -- expertly trained units that conduct clandestine , high-risk missions , often to combat terrorism -- but when these shadow warriors become public figures it produces unintended consequences . First , the extensive attention creates backlash and division that ultimately detract from national readiness . Thousands contributed to the decade-long hunt for bin Laden , and future missions will demand similar support across military services and civilian agencies . Most public portrayals , however , romanticize one moment or individual while neglecting many others . This weakens the entire team 's morale and leads to resentment , fair or unfair , that degrades the willingness of all to collaborate fully on the tasks at hand . Collective action is the cornerstone of success . Our country can not afford such internal discord . Second , excessive public accolades contribute to the overuse and misuse of special operators . These forces have proven their ability to address a range of 21st century security threats , but they do not have unlimited capacity . Yet special operators are increasingly asked to take on more conventional missions better done by the military 's general purpose forces or that divert them from maintaining readiness for missions they are uniquely qualified to conduct . Simply because they can do just about anything does not mean they should be called upon to do everything . We should respect the limits and specializations of these forces . Third , most portrayals depict an exceptionally narrow and violent view of special operations that weakens our collective understanding of military power . Films and books brandish dramatic raids , such as rescuing hostages or killing terrorists . They overlook conflict-prevention activities our forces undertake every day , such as training the militaries of other nations to better provide for their own defense . Since such missions are difficult to showcase to impressive effect , they are not so marketable in the media . But when public depictions are skewed toward lethal actions and fail to account for nuanced forms of power and deterrence , we undermine public discourse on how best to leverage military force for our national security . Our leaders must counter this misrepresentation and overexposure . Their first step ? Act more responsibly . Senior officials are a primary driver behind these profiles , trumpeting operations almost as a matter of routine . Sometimes this is to inform the public , but often it is to claim credit or , even worse , to divulge insider knowledge . This encourages misleading and unauthorized disclosures from others , including from some operators themselves , leading to more sensationalism . Former Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates reportedly expressed great frustration with leaked details on the Abbottabad raid , saltily asking his White House colleagues to "  Shut the f. . . up . " We should hold those indiscreet individuals accountable . We ca n't legislate common sense , but we can reject leaks and unseemly competition for credit . We call upon the Department of Defense to take the lead and issue a new weighty policy directive that states clear and specific guidelines for the appropriate release of operational information . The directive must codify who can divulge what , when and under which conditions , and call for a universal commitment to accurate reports that also maintain operational security . Officials vigorously protect information before a mission ; they must remain equally disciplined in their communications afterwards . Our nation 's battles are far from over . Officials then must hold themselves and each other to these standards . If not , they undermine their credibility and erode the trust that is essential in civil-military relations . Those who risk their lives serving the nation must be confident that the people sending them into harm 's way will not make personal or political gain a bigger priority than the protection of the mission 's integrity . On May 1st , honoring the collective team that got bin Laden is warranted ; glorifying the shooters is not . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michele L. Malvesti and Nancy Walbridge Collins .	Michele Malvesti , Nancy Walbridge Collins note anniversary of Bin Laden raid They say day reminds us to reject culture that publicly details special ops missions Books , movies on missions hurt national security , team morale , they say Writers : Leaks about missions can distort view of how military power used , must be reined in
Washington  CNN  -- Mo Elleithee was a senior spokesman for Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign but he says his new job as communications director for the Democratic National Committee has nothing to do with his former boss ' plans for 2016 . "  This has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton . I do n't know if Hillary Clinton is going to run again . I suspect she does n't know yet if she 's going to run , " he said . Elleithee , a strategist who also played key roles in Bill Bradley 's 2000 presidential bid , Wesley Clark 's 2004 White House campaign , and Senate victories by Tim Kaine and Mark Warner in Virginia and Tom Udall in New Mexico , is confident the Democrats can hold the Senate and make House and gubernatorial pickups in next year 's midterm elections . And he says the DNC 's debt wo n't hinder such efforts . Since starting on the job Friday , Elleithee has already hit the cable circuit , appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union with Candy Crowley " and MSNBC 's "  Hardball with Chris Matthews . " On Monday Elleithee talked to CNN about his new job . Zelizer : Obama did Clinton a huge favor Q : What is the DNC 's mission this cycle ? A : Our mission is pretty straightforward . It is to support the president 's agenda and it is to support Democratic candidates up and down the ticket in 2013 and 2014 . I think we are well positioned to do that . We 're doing it on a bunch of different levels , with the communications shop providing communications assistance , but also at the organizing level , helping state parties do the same . So we 're just going to be very aggressive on both those fronts and there 's a lot of work to do on both those fronts . Q : With Organizing For America , which has a strong grassroots outreach program , no longer part of the DNC , is the party committee going to be less of a player when it comes to grassroots outreach ? A : No . I only think you 're going to see it step up our grassroots operation , for a couple of reasons . One , there 's plenty of grassroots work to go around . But two , you have to remember , OFA is a non-political entity , and so the DNC is still the place to be for political organizing on the Democratic side and I think everybody is committed to seeing that continue to happen . Q : Let 's talk money . It 's no secret that the Republican National Committee is having a great year when it comes to fundraising . The RNC does n't have any debt . The DNC incurred a lot of debt in winning last year 's election . When it comes to money are there concerns that you wo n't have the cash to do what you need to do and how will you retire that debt ? A : A couple of things . One , you 're right -- we went into debt to win , we did . The other side is having a good year . They will likely have more money that us this cycle , but remember , they had more money than us last cycle . The Republican Inc. , the Republican and affiliated groups drastically outspent Democrats and affiliated groups last time and it did n't work . So it is n't all about the money . But sure , it is an important part of it . We are going to have what we need to accomplish our goals this cycle , but we 're still working to retire that debt and Democrats can help us out by going to Democrats.Org and giving what they can . Q : What are your goals this cycle . Are there specifics you can share ? A : We want to hold on to the Senate . We want to win seats in the House and we want to win governorships . That 's the goal . And I think there are a lot of places where we can do that . I think there are going to be a lot of competitive races . There are going to be a lot of competitive races where we can pick up seats , we think . Just looking at governors ' races , I think Virginia is a huge opportunity for a Democratic pickup . I think Florida and Ohio are huge opportunities for Democratic pickups . Those are just governors ' seats . In the Senate we feel very comfortable that can hold the Senate . And based on what I 'm seeing I think we feel comfortable that we can pick up seats in the House . So we 're going to do what we can to support , we have some great Democratic campaign committees out there , at the DGA , the DCCC , the DSCC . They are doing the heavy lifting and at the DNC we are going to be helping them out however we can , while really helping to do what we can to help the president 's agenda . It 's all tied together . " Q : There 's speculation , because of your role in Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign , that this was part of some grand design to have someone from Hillary World take over communications at the DNC in advance of a possible second Clinton bid for the White House . A : This has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton . I do n't know if Hillary Clinton is going to run again . I suspect she does n't know yet if she 's going to run . But this has nothing to do with whether or not she 's going to run . I 'm over here because it 's a great opportunity to help all Democrats , to help the party , to help the president . You know , 2016 will come soon enough , but before I came here to the DNC I was among those getting incredibly frustrated by the fact there was so much attention paid to 2016 when we 've got a lot of work to do before then . That 's why I 'm over here . We 've got important races in 2013 . We 've got a lot of important races in 2014 . Folks need to start laying the groundwork for 2016 but there 's more important stuff to do now electorally as well as helping the president pass his agenda and that 's why I 'm here . " Michelle Obama not speculating on Hillary Clinton presidential run Q : After the midterms are over next year , could you see yourself back with Hillary Clinton if she decides to launch another bid for the White House ? A : I would n't be doing my job if I was looking much past 2014 . Right now that 's the goal , is to do what I can to help the party do as well as it can in the midterm elections . Bush daughter wants Hillary Clinton to run	Mo Elleithee was a senior spokesman for Hillary Clinton 's 2008 campaign Elleithee started last week as communications director for Democratic National Committee Veteran strategist says Democrats will hold Senate and pick up seats in House in midterms Asked about a possible job with his old boss if she runs , Elleithee says he 's not looking that far ahead
CNN  -- TV personality Kelly Ripa recently told In Touch Weekly she uses Botox possibly as often as she trims her nails . She also said her kids are useful gauges for when it 's time for a tune-up . She told the magazine : "  When my kids start asking me if I 'm mad at them , and I say , ` Why do you think I 'm mad at you ? ' They say it 's because I 'm frowning . I go , ` Oh no ! I am ? I 'll be right back ! ' " Pointing the needle in the other direction , recall actress Julia Roberts ' anti-Botox comments a couple of years ago : "  I want my kids to know when I 'm pissed , when I 'm happy and when I 'm confounded , " she told Elle Magazine . "  Your face tells a story ... and it should n't be a story about your drive to the doctor 's office . " Here we have two glamorous celebrity moms in their 40s with opposite feelings about America 's most popular cosmetic surgery procedure , yet both seem to agree that altering the face alters the way we relate to our children . Have we really talked about this , though ? I mean , really talked about it . Just how does dulling facial expressions , appearing to freeze them in some cases -- yes we can tell , Fembots -- affect that vital two-way communication street between mother and child ? Could not being able to furrow your brow in disapproval when little Johnny throws a fistful of mashed potatoes at your chest make you a less effective mom ? "  Botox  likely does limit and distort parent-infant communication , possibly making the parent look ` flat ' emotionally , " says Dr. Ed Tronick , associate professor of pediatrics and psychiatry at the University of Massachusetts . "  Facial expressions for parents and young children are really critical ways in which we communicate our intentions or whether we 're angry or sad , and that involves this very complex array of all the muscles that go into making facial expressions . So if you limit that range of expression , especially with very young children who are really attuned to reading facial expressions , then you limit the amount of information , the amount of emotion that you communicate using a facial expression . " Celebs and civilians alike expected to ` bounce back ' after baby I was introduced to the notion that babies and infants scan mom 's face -- more so than the teenager whose head is buried in a smartphone -- while pregnant with my daughter . A friend had given me a copy of "  The Female Brain " by Louann Brizendine and I was fascinated to read that female babies are especially sensitive to their mother 's moods and facial cues . In the months after giving birth , I really went for it in the grinning department , quite possibly setting my daughter up for a successful career as a clown . Of course , let 's not forget that tots receive information from mom in other ways , like caressing , singing , voice tone and deep sighs when presented with a particularly mortifying loaded diaper . Tronick , who also serves as director of the University of Massachusetts-Boston hospital 's child development unit , says these other channels would make it difficult to separate out and measure a possible Botox effect . Still , a Botox study came out last year that found the toxin lowers a key emotion : empathy . Published in the journal of Social Psychology and Personality Science , the paper was based in part on an experiment in which adults who had Botox were compared with adults with the dermal filler Restylane , which unlike Botox does n't affect muscle function . At the root of the experiment , says psychologist and co-author of the study David Neal , is the notion that we read a person 's emotions partly by mimicking their facial expressions . Inject some good ` ol Clostridium botulinum , and Neal says you likely "  subtly impair your ability to mimic other people 's facial expressions . " Moms gone wild : ' 40-year-old reversion ' "  Mimicry actually serves important social functions , " he says . "  When we mimic someone , they trust us more , like us more , and are more likely to be helpful . Mother-child interaction follows these same rules because children learn to mimic and respond positively to mimicry from a very early age -- and it may be innate . " Right -- most new parents squeal with delight the first time their baby copies them by poking their tongue out or blowing a little raspberry . "  So , while no experiments have directly tested this yet , " says Neal , "  it is plausible that Botoxed mothers are subtly undermining their ability to connect emotionally with their children . " Perhaps we can also learn something from so-called "  still-face " or "  blank face " experiments . In those , researchers study an infant 's reaction while their mothers face them and display no facial expressions whatsoever for a controlled length of time . While unsettling to watch , the studies are said to help teach us how infants ' social and emotional development might be linked to the emotional state of their caregivers . It also offers clues as to the effects of a mother 's post-partum depression on her child . Tronick started conducting "  still-face " experiments more than 30 years ago , and says he finds infants as young as 3-4 months typically respond to their despondent mothers by gesturing to her and trying to illicit a response from her . "  And if it lasts a minute or two , sometimes the babies end up getting upset or crying because of the lack of response on the part of the mother , " he says . Finding a mom friend in the big city But when it comes to Botox , Chicago-based plastic surgeon Steven Dayan is n't convinced the procedure could lead to a mother-child disconnection . "  I categorically , overwhelmingly disagree that that 's even a possibility , " he says . "  You 'd have to put so much Botox in to reduce that much animation that the person would look like a stroke victim . Even when I 've put Botox into the upper third of the face where it 's most commonly used , you still have complete animation in the lower two-thirds of your face . " Dayan , who says quite a few of his patients are new moms anxious for Botox as soon as they stop breastfeeding , maintains that if you emerge from the doctor 's office without being able to move a single muscle on your face , you 've likely been treated by an irresponsible physician or one who has received poor training . "  Botox should be done in a slight moderate dose so people can still animate , " he says . "  You just reduce the appearance of the anger . We 're just blunting the expression ... really nobody should know that it was done . " Furthermore , Dayan says , what 's so bad about a kid not seeing his mother 's face scrunched in anger ? "  If these moms ca n't make the angry face , or they ca n't project this angry image , maybe they are presenting a more positive image to their kids , " he says . "  Maybe they 're happier , maybe they 're going to be better parents . " Possibly , but trying to project a positive image when your child is lowering the pet hamster into the garbage disposal is n't necessarily productive . Stay-at-home mom Abbie Gale said her three sons -- twins age 12 and an 8-year-old -- did n't notice anything different after she had Botox , aside from the bag of peas plastered to her forehead  to prevent bruising , she says  . She was , however , surprised to discover her marriage benefited from the procedure . "  What I found was this strange warm and fuzzy reaction my husband was having to me looking more relaxed , " said Gale , 39 . "  It was n't my intention but ... Botox makes me look like I have things under control , far more than I probably do . "  I was trying to look my best so that my husband would always find me attractive . I did n't realize that those brow lines were more than just wrinkles . If one of Botox 's side effects is making me look rested and more approachable , then sign me up forever . " You go , girl ! But when it comes to infants , Tronick does n't think a brighter face because of Botox leads to giving off a more positive impression . "  It 's just a momentary phenomenon , " he says . "  Very quickly you 're saying , ` What is this person really feeling ? What does this expression mean to me ? ' And I think to the infant , they 're not getting any information from the facial expression and they 're wondering , in a sense , ` Is this a positive facial expression or a negative one ? ' There 's nothing to read because it 's not changing . " Sort of like how repeating a word over and over renders it ineffective . Like yesterday when I said "  no " 827 times as I watched my daughter slowly carry my favorite sandal toward the trash can . Where did the shoe end up ? In the trash can . I have n't tried Botox and ca n't say whether I ever will because I do n't own a crystal ball . But I 'd like to think my 2-year-old has had all channels of maternal communication fully available to her since her birth . Sure , it makes sense that some moms turn to the needle for some assistance and perhaps when kids are older it 's not a big deal . But when they 're teeny and vulnerable and might be hanging on our every head tilt and smile and squint , would it be wise to hold off on cosmetically enhancing our facial features ? The answer , perhaps , is on the little face looking back at us from the high chair . Do you think facial Botox treatment could affect mother-child communication ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Babies pick up on and mimic the facial expressions of their caregivers Botox smooths wrinkles and creases from the skin , which may limit facial expressions Dulling facial expressions could affect parent communication , a researcher says A plastic surgeon disagrees , saying treatment that would cause such reaction is an outlier
