Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- The Australian editor of a Myanmar newspaper was ordered to remain in jail after a court hearing in Yangon Thursday . Officials revealed at the hearing that Ross Dunkley , the editor of the Myanmar Times , faces charges related to torturing and drugging a woman . Dunkley was arrested in early February . At the time , authorities said he faced immigration charges . At the hearing Thursday , authorities added the drug and torture charges stating that Myanmar law dictates that any foreigner who faces criminal charges always faces additional immigration charges . The woman making the allegations against Dunkley was at the hearing , and said the editor gave her a drug on two occasions that hampered her memory . On the second time , the woman said she jumped out of Dunkley 's car to escape . Dunkley denied all charges and requested to be released on bond , which was denied . But in a strange twist , the woman told the judge that she wanted to drop her allegations and withdraw the case . "  The woman who had made allegations of physical assault against Mr. Dunkley told the court that she wanted to withdraw her complaint , " David Armstrong , chairman of Post Media Ltd. and a friend of Dunkley 's who is serving as his spokesman , said in a statement . "  She admitted that she made allegations during the hearing that she had not made in her initial police interview . " A judge asked her to consider her request and scheduled another hearing for March 3 . Officials from the Australian Embassy in Myanmar attended the hearing , Armstrong said . Myanmar Times is one of a few newspapers owned and run by a foreigner in the nation . Dunkley 's arrest comes amid a business dispute with the paper 's local partner . "  I can not say for sure that the cause behind Ross ' arrest was driven by business dispute because I was not with him in Myanmar , " said Armstrong . "  But what I can say , all the troubles came to Ross at an odd timing as there was a business negotiation with his local partner going on . "	Ross Dunkley was arrested in early February The woman claims she was drugged on two occasions She later withdraws her accusations
Hong Kong   CNN  -- The Australian women 's basketball team and the Japanese women 's soccer team flew in premium economy seats in their flights to Europe , while their male counterparts stretched out in business class . Nevermind that the women 's Australian basketball team has won silver medals in the last three Olympics -- and the Aussie men have won none . And it also mattered little that the women 's Japanese soccer team won last year 's World Cup . The difference in how the women 's teams traveled has sparked outrage and accusations of sexism . It prompted Basketball Australia to announce that it would review its travel policy "  with the goal of ensuring there is equity between travel arrangements for the men 's and women 's teams attending future Olympics . " That review , which was announced Friday , is expected to take about three months . Basketball Australia quoted Scott Derwin , its acting chief executive , in a statement explaining that each national team has discretion over how their funds are spent , including travel arrangements . "  We should bear in mind that in fact , historically , more funding has been directed towards the Opals , " Derwin said in the statement . The Opals refer to the Australian women 's basketball team and the Boomers are the men 's basketball team . The spokeswoman for Basketball Australia declined to comment when reached by CNN on Friday . In the statement released Friday by the organization , Derwin said : "  But the simple fact is when a policy results in gender inequality , it 's very clearly not the right policy going forward . " The incoming chief executive officer of Basketball Australia , Kristina Keneally said in the statement , "  In this day and age , there 's just no excuse for men 's and women 's sporting teams to be treated differently when they both compete at the same world class level . "  In fact , in this circumstance , the disparity is even more glaring when you consider that our women 's basketball team is one of the best in the world - enjoying the number 2 spot in international rankings , " Keneally added . Australia 's Minister for Sport , Kate Lundy , agreed . "  They should n't have to travel a different class because they 're both world class , " she said in a statement Thursday . While saying that travel arrangements are a matter for the national Olympic committee and the relevant national sporting organization , Lundy stated : "  My view is that team travel should be equitable for our male and female athletes . " The Japanese Olympic Council confirmed that the Japan Football Association upgraded its male Olympic team to business class and the female team to premium economy . It refrained from commenting on the matter . Japanese Olympic Council provides its country 's Olympic-bound athletes with economy class tickets . It is up to each member association or athletes whether those seats will be upgraded or not . Japanese netizens were divided about the seating arrangements , with some saying the difference was unfair , while others said the economic reality is that the male team earns more money . Homare Sawa 's Talk Asia Interview CNN 's Judy Kwon and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Women in Australian basketball team and Japanese soccer team fly economy The men 's teams flew in business class to the Olympic games Difference in flights have sparked outrage over how women were treated
CNN  -- On Tuesday night 's "  Larry King Live , " guest host Joy Behar talked about whether the Rihanna/Chris Brown case sends a dangerous message . Robin Givens told Joy Behar Tuesday night that details of domestic abuse are often the same . Among her guests were Robin Givens and Denise Brown . In an emotional interview , Behar examines how domestic abuse starts and why it 's hard to stop . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Guest host Joy Behar : In a "  Larry King Live " exclusive , Robin Givens and Denise Brown sound the warning to one quarter of all women who will be kicked , punched , raped , even killed by partners in their life times . ... We 're talking about Rihanna and Chris Brown and the allegations against him . As you 've just heard , the numbers are pretty appalling . Joining me now is someone who lived it : actress , ex-wife of former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson and spokesperson for the National Domestic Violence Hotline , Robin Givens . Greetings . Robin Givens : Greetings . Behar : Does this Rihanna/Chris Brown -LSB- story -RSB- bring up bad memories for you ? Givens : Yes , it does . Behar : Tell me how you 've been feeling lately while you 're watching this on television ? Givens : Even sitting now , you know , here with you , it shakes you up . You know , you begin to sweat . You begin to feel sad all over . ... It 's hard to sit here . Watch Givens describe living with abuse " Behar . You were saying to me before that it 's always the same story . What do you mean by that ? Givens : I 've spoken to women every -LSB- where -RSB- . ... Peoria , El Paso . ... And what 's amazing is that I find that my story is their story ; their story is my story -- down to the details . He dragged me down the hall by my hair . He pulled me out of bed by my panties . He would like to choke me . He would kick . When I wrote my book , I was somewhere talking about something . And a woman came up to me and she said I wanted you to stop talking because I felt like everybody would know that you were talking about me . Behar : Oh , boy . And it 's the same progression , too , it seems ? Givens : I was hit for the first time before I was married . And I did what you thought you should do , of course . You know , you do n't take any phone calls . Three days , absolutely not . Absolutely not . All of a sudden , you start taking a phone calls . Behar : Softening up . Givens : Yes . And then all of a sudden , OK , let 's meet and we 'll talk . And then you meet and all of a sudden this person , this man that you love , that 's claiming his love for you , is crying , you know ? And then you 're consoling them . And it just becomes , I 'll never , ever , ever do it again . ... I just love you so much . It 's so hard for me to handle how much I love you . And it just begins . Behar : It must have touched you a little bit , too , like here 's this big heavyweight champion crying ... Givens : Yes . ... To see a man crying like that and promising and professing his love , I thought well , he must love me . ... Behar : In the fall of that year , you and Mike sat down with Barbara Walters to talk about the relationship . Here 's an excerpt : Barbara Walters , host : What 's it been like , this roller coaster ? Givens : It 's been torture . It 's been pure hell . It 's been worse than anything I could possibly imagine . ... He shakes . He pushes . He swings . Sometimes I think he 's trying to scare me . Behar : That is a most interesting moment in that interview , which I 've seen many times . What was going on in your head during that interview ? Givens : Well , I was so numb . Barbara knew what was going on in our lives and encouraged me to be honest . I wanted to be honest and thought it would help other people . ... Behar : By the way , he -LSB- Tyson -RSB- was never convicted of anything ? Givens : No . ... It 's interesting , though . He had done an interview somewhere . ... I do n't know specifically , but -LSB- he said -RSB- the best punch he ever threw was against me and that he punched me in the head and I bounced from one wall to the other . Behar : After the interview -LSB- with Walters -RSB- , though , you stayed with him . Givens : Yes . Behar : Why did you stay with him ? Givens : Well , he had said that he was going to get help . And I loved him . I wanted to make it work . I was very bonded . And it 's hard to be bonded and save yourself at the same time . Behar : One of the most influential women in the world used her considerable power to speak up about domestic abuse . Here 's what Oprah Winfrey had to say . Winfrey : Heal yourself first . And , also , love does n't hurt . I 've been saying this to women for years , love does n't hurt . ... And if a man hits you once , he will hit you again . ... He will hit you again . Behar : If Oprah was speaking to you , too , call the National Domestic Violence Hot Line now . The number is 1-800-799-SAFE . That 's 1-800-799-7233 . ... Denise Brown 's sister was Nicole Brown . We all know Nicole Brown Simpson , O.J. Simpson 's former wife . Greetings , Denise . How are you ? Denise Brown : I am doing great . And I 'm listening to all this information that you guys are talking about and it 's amazing . It 's so great to get out there . You talk about the dirty little secret . And it is . It 's just that -- a dirty little secret . And then you 're talking about what Oprah said -- if they hit you once , they 'll hit you again . You can even go one step further , Joy , and you can say if they hit you once , they 'll hit you again . And if they ever threaten to kill you , eventually one day they will . ... You know , it 's the cycle of domestic violence , which is about the power and control of one human being over another -- the verbal , the emotional , the psychological abuse , you know , the chipping away at one 's self-esteem . I 'm sure you heard it , Robin : you know , nobody is going to want you . I 'm the best thing for you . Givens : Um-hmm . Brown : And then that escalates into the physical violence , which is the hitting , the kicking , the punching , throwing up against the walls . And then , of course , -LSB- comes -RSB- the honeymoon phase . And that 's the ` oh , baby , I 'm so sorry . It 's never going to happen again . ' Givens : She 's absolutely right . The woman -- every woman tells the same story . Behar : If you read the Internet now , there 's some hostility toward Rihanna . They 're saying she provoked Chris . What do you make of that ? Givens : I do n't know why that is . I mean I do n't know why in our society that is , that we blame the victim . Brown : Battery treatment programs is what people need . I spoke to a gentleman , Dr. Donald Dutton . He wrote a book , "  The Batterer . " He said right now , it would take three years for people that are batterers to get that mindset to change . And I 'm sure that 's even more . And our society does not take it serious enough ... until , of course , there 's a murder or there 's a celebrity or something of that nature , which is really sad . Givens : The one thing I 'd like to say to Rihanna , actually ; as difficult as this all is , she does not have to answer to the media . She does n't have to explain it . She has to take care of herself . Behar : Thank you all very much . Go to CNN.com / LarryKing if you have something to say about domestic abuse . If you need help , there are resources listed there for you . Do n't wait . Get help now .	Robin Givens , Denise Brown talk about women and domestic violence Givens says Mike Tyson would drag her by her hair and try to choke her Why did Givens stay for so long ? She thought her love would fix the situation Brown says only when celebrity stories like Rihanna 's come out do people care
Outgoing Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe is leaving office with a personal problem that has gone national : His decision to pardon his own son . Kyle Beebe was charged in 2003 with possession of a controlled substance  marijuana  and served three years probation and paid a fine . Critics have said the decision is proof that Beebe is abusing his power as he leaves the governor 's mansion . The accusation , Beebe said , hurts him . "  Am I disappointed , of course . Does it hurt , sure . Would I have a tendencies to lash out , yes , I am human , " said the two-term governor , a Democrat . "  But I acknowledge and accept that this is part of life and people will say what people will say . " The issue , Beebe made clear during an interview in his Little Rock office on Friday , is more than just a political one for him . "  On a personal note , I am embarrassed , " Beebe said at his Little Rock office on Friday . "  And have been since 2003 when he got in trouble . His mother is embarrassed . The main thing is , he is embarrassed . " The Arkansas Parole Board recommended Kyle 's pardon last month . It came after the now 34-year-old wrote a lengthy letter in his pardon application that for "  a second chance at life . " While some see the issue as an abuse of power , Beebe sees the issue more about fairness . According to his office , the governor has granted 717 pardons , most of which have been for young people with drug convictions . "  This one is being scrutinized for obvious reasons , " Beebe said . "  But if I grant him the pardon , and I intend to when it ever reaches me desk , he will be treated just like everybody else in the same situation . " He added , "  I understand the scrutiny but it is not like he is inconsistent with what my policy has been for eight years . " It was clear , too , that Beebe feels slight guilt for the fact that his son 's drug trouble has become a national news story . "  He is under a bigger microscope than others similarly situated . Through no fault of his own , he just happened to be my son , " Beebe said . "  He is under a bigger microscope and it is my fault , not his fault . If I was n't governor , he would n't be under a bigger microscope . " Beebe , though , will be leaving that microscopic scrutiny in months . He is term-limited and his choice to succeed him , Mike Ross , lost his race for governor to Republican Asa Hutchinson . Beebe swore on Friday that his time in politics is over , and despite this being one of the last aspects of his legacy , it does not leave him feeling burned . "  When you are in this seat , when you are in this office , the awareness is heightened , everything you do is heightened , everything that affects you is heightened , " Beebe said . "  But that is part of it . That is the risk you take . You hate it for your family because your family gets pulled into it . But it is life . "	Mike Beebe says his son "  will be treated just like everybody else in the same situation " Kyle Beebe was charged in 2003 with possession of marijuana The outgoing governor says he intends to issue a pardon The Arkansas Parole Board recommended Kyle 's pardon last month
CNN  -- "  LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean " holds fast to the pirate code with great humor and animation , appeal for all ages and massive replayability after the main story mode is complete . The latest LEGO block video game  Disney Interactive Studios , Traveller 's Tales  recounts the first three movies in the popular series and also includes the yet-to-be-released fourth film , "  Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides . " The new movie is scheduled to debut on May 20 -- 10 days after the video game -- so you have been appropriately warned about spoilers . Each movie is broken down into five gaming levels . This outing follows the typical LEGO game style with straight platform action involving sword fights , cannons and collecting "  studs " -- single-connection LEGO blocks . Items can be smashed into smaller LEGO block components , and then collected for points or re-formed into another item that can be used in the game . Players can use up to eight different characters on each level during story mode , but that can lead to a crowded screen . There were a few times when I could n't see what item needed to be collected or got pushed off a narrow ledge because the five characters who were traveling with me all wanted to be in the same spot . Matt Ellison , associate producer at Traveller 's Tales Games , said 70 characters can be unlocked and bought throughout the entire game . Each character has a special ability that makes it unique from others , including Captain Jack Sparrow  portrayed in the films by Johnny Depp  . "  Jack 's compass is really different from anything else we 've done  with LEGOs  , " Ellison said . "  It will point to things Jack can find and also helps point to things to solve puzzles in the game . " Ellison said the settings are as iconic as they could be and the team tried to put the LEGO spin on the movies . Since the films ' characters are so well known , he said the team wanted to make sure to include little details to help players relate to each character . For example , Captain Barbossa is often seen with an apple in his hand . And Jack 's running style -- arms straight out , waving frantically -- is humorously well represented . "  A lot of time went into making sure we got Jack 's running right , his character right , " Ellison said . The game play is all about exploring the vast scenes in each level . Puzzle clues and treasure are all over the place , waiting to be discovered . "  Eight collectibles in each level and 10 ships in a bottle can be found , " Ellison said . "  There is something always hidden to get . " While the story mode only took me about nine hours , I barely collected 40 % of all the items that could be found . Using Jack 's compass helps discover the missing booty , but there are also sign postings to help players find key elements in the level . Since the scenes are so big , it would be easy to get lost or frustrated without those helpers . Said Ellison : "  The exploration game play ties into the ideology of ` Pirates of the Caribbean . ' Plus we wanted to make a distinctive change of pace between the levels , so you are treasure hunting in one level , and then fighting foes in the next . " Even on ship levels , players will need to go up into the rigging or down into the ship 's belly to find all they need to find . Ellison said each scene has to be solvable for all ages , and the game teaches you what to do and where to look as it goes along . There are lengthy story-developing "  cut scenes " and cinematics between the levels . The humor from the movies really shines in LEGO form , which uses its blocky medium to put interesting spins on the tale . "  The humor appeals to all ages . We took the iconic movie settings and twisted them slightly to make them funnier . Plus we took the same slapstick humor from the films and just made more of it . " As I said , the fourth movie is also included , so I was worried about spoiling my future enjoyment . Ellison smiled when asked about it but assured me that no details about the story line would be ruined . "  We will have some of the same locations but none of the dialogue  LEGO characters do not speak , only grunt  . We do have some of the action from the movie , but it should n't ruin the film for anyone , " he said . If you remain concerned , then wait until after the movie comes out before playing the fourth level . The one drawback to the game was the two-player co-op play . As in other LEGO video games , two people in the same room can drop in and out as separate characters and solve all the puzzles . Unlike previous LEGO games , which forced the two characters to stay in the same screenshot , "  LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean " actually splits the screen as the characters walk away from each other . However , the split in the split screen moved around in relation to where the characters were on the level . As the characters got closer to each other , the scene slowly changed back to a single screen . It was difficult to focus on what my character was doing or where it was in the split-screen action . My co-op player and I found it confusing and , at times , frustrating to figure out where we needed to go or what we needed to do unless we were on the same screen . There was never a time where a puzzle needed to be solved in split-screen mode . After a while , it just gave me a headache . While I often lamented being kept in the same screen in previous LEGO co-op versions , the split-screen action as presented is not the solution I was looking for . Once each level is completed in story mode , free play mode is unlocked , allowing you to use any of the characters you have available to solve puzzles that could n't be previously figured out . Those characters will also get you into previously unavailable areas . Finding all the collectibles and solving all the brain teasers will keep play going for many hours after the story mode is complete . The game is also available for the Nintendo 3DS , but there are only 16 levels , and you can use only one character during each level . Ellison said the 3DS version is tailored to the single-player experience and everything can be solved by one character . "  LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean " is a fun spin on the blockbuster  pun intended  movies . It ramps up the humor from the films and offers plenty of action for players . Exploration is the key . Overall , the game is lots of fun despite some playability glitches . And following the adventures of Jack Sparrow ... I mean , Captain Jack Sparrow ... is worthy of any would-be pirate . "  LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean " is now available in the U.S. and , as of Friday , in Europe . It will be released May 19 in Australia . It is available on the PC , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , Nintendo 3DS , and PSP . It is rated E10 + due to cartoon violence and comic mischief . This review was done playing on the Xbox 360 in story mode , co-op mode and free play .	Game has great humor and animation , appeal for all ages , and massive replayability Each "  Pirates " movie is broken down into five gaming levels One drawback to the game is the two player co-op play
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- It was 4am when , still half asleep , we bundled ourselves into a van and headed to the southern Ukraine city of Kherson . We had spent the night in Odessa , famous for its giant stairway featured in Sergei Eisenstein 's 1925 silent film , "  Battleship Potemkin . " And while we had n't awoken before the sparrows just to go sightseeing , our diligent fixers unexpectedly took us on a tour of the apparent back streets of Odessa . They assured us it was the quickest way out of town , but I was anxious because we had just three and a half hours to reach Kherson where we 'd be joining the 43 observers from the Organization For Security and Cooperation  OSCE  international observer team as they attempted to cross into Crimea . The delegates were all from various militaries . Punctuality had been drilled into them . They would not wait for a late television crew , even if we had been given exclusive access to their convoy . When we arrived in Kherson , the OSCE observers were getting a briefing about their planned route to Crimea . Are you in Crimea ? Share your story with CNN iReport . Yes , they expected to meet armed pro-Russia military forces . No , they did not like their chances of getting through , but it was their mission to try . For almost three hours , we drove in a police-escorted convoy through sparse countryside and dilapidated Soviet-era towns . It was a joy to see the Black Sea but at the same time , I felt some trepidation as it indicated we were approaching the Chongar checkpoint and we really did n't know what to expect . We knew the men guarding the checkpoints up ahead were armed with assault rifles . The OSCE delegates we were travelling with were not carrying weapons and the Crimean authorities had made it clear they regarded any attempts by the OSCE to enter the peninsula as a provocation . The team of observers had already been blocked on a different route to Crimea the previous day . This was their second attempt . One delegate told me he was anxious about trying again . Another said the delegation needed to be more forceful this time . At first our convoy was met with celebratory scenes of people waving Ukrainian flags but the atmosphere changed further down the road as we approached the Chongar roadblock . The men guarding it were indeed armed and wore balaclavas and military fatigues with no insignia . They stood below Russian flags . Along the roadside , signs warned of land mines . While the armed guards looked threatening , they were remarkably calm as they faced not only repeated demands from the OSCE observers but were taunted by pro-Ukrainian protesters who had followed our convoy . "  This is our country . We will kill you , " shouted a particularly irate elderly man . A shake of the head was the only response he got from one of the masked guards . For two hours , the OSCE officials repeatedly pressed their case , insisting they had a right to enter Crimea , but eventually they decided their efforts were futile . The armed men would not budge . The weather was turning foul . The delegates turned their convoy around and headed back to Kherson to assess their next move . We , however , stayed on . Our man and wife fixer team had suggested they try to get us into Crimea . And they were successful but not before a hairy moment . As we waited to be waved through , two shots were fired . Up ahead , we could see gunfire smoke near a car waiting to pass from Crimea into Ukraine . The pro-Russian forces manning the checkpoint immediately assumed defensive positions and stood back to back , weapons at the ready . But they remained calm , relaxed even . These masked men may not be wearing insignia but their discipline indicated that they had military training . After a few minutes , they waved us through . As we passed the white sedan that had been shot at , we could see that no one in the vehicle was hurt , but the front tire had been shot out . Hostile reactions in Crimea After five days in Crimea , our team was due to head back to Kiev . But on the eve of our departure , Simferopol airport was closed to all flights except those to and from Moscow . We would have to look for alternatives . By car or by rail . A road trip would mean at least 10 hours of driving with no guarantee we would get through the checkpoints set up by pro-Russian forces between the Crimean peninsula and Ukrainian mainland . We had witnessed one of these gunmen shoot out the tires of a vehicle trying to cross into Ukraine at a checkpoint in Chongar . We did n't want to risk a similar situation . During our travels through the region , reaction to our cameras was n't always positive . In Odessa we faced some aggression and were told that some pro-Russia activists did not look favorably on American-owned networks . So with road travel struck off the list , we turned to the train timetables . So it seemed , had everyone else wanting to get out . The Kiev-bound service was booked out but we managed to snare the last tickets on a train to Donetsk , another region in eastern Ukraine which identifies more strongly with Moscow than Kiev . So we boarded the Sevastopol-Donetsk express at 7.55 p.m. and immediately negotiated our way into first class to accommodate the 12 bags of camera equipment and personal luggage that we 'd been dragging around the countryside from Kiev , to Odessa , to Simferopol and Sevastopol for the past seven days . The train conductor kindly gave up her two-bunk cabin for us and no doubt spent a restless night in an upright chair . That 's not to suggest that we slept any more soundly . The heating was turned up to asteroid temperature and our kindly conductor woke us at 2 am to fetch her cigarettes that she 'd left in the cabin . I guess she needed something to get her through the discomfort . Still , it was a markedly better and safer way to travel than by car . The carriages were full of young families and senior citizens heading to the Ukraine ahead of Sunday 's referendum , there was a plentiful supply of tea with lemon and sugar , and at $ 15 for a standard ticket and $ 40 for first class , it was a bargain . It was also hassle-free . Despite reports of pro-Russian forces inspecting trains in Crimea , our only visitor was a young mute man who wanted to sell us night lights . We are now all proud owners of these small glowing souvenirs of a journey that may have left us parched from the heat , but which gave us one of the few remaining routes out of Crimea . At least until after the referendum on Sunday .	CNN team joins international observers trying to get into Crimea from Ukraine They are turned away at a checkpoint but the CNN team later makes it over the border After five days , they have to decide the safest way to get back again -- and decide on the train
CNN  -- Editor 's note : Watch CNN 's TV theme week Comic Book Heroes from June 10-17 on World Report , CNN Newstream and I-desk . Last year I failed to become Superman . Not a super man , the Superman . The search for the official Metropolis Superperson is an annual and international event . Organizers receive hundreds of photos from people who aspire to be a muscular , bullet-proof fictional character with no visible genital definition . But before I could hand in my resume and lie -- "  I 've traveled 20 million light years from my home . I look upon my powers as a gift . Not mine but to anyone who needs them " -- I was told I had to be over six foot , have black hair rather than no hair , be around 30 years old and have a 12-13 American shoe size . "  Buff and with no accent , " said the lady from the Metropolis Chamber of Commerce , knowing that she was no Miss Teschmacher . "  Our first Superman was the local Baptist preacher . Everyone wants to be Superman . We get applications from everywhere . Even Japan . " Just a regular nuclear reactor-supplying town For most of the year the Illinois town of Metropolis in the American Midwest is a quiet place , with a population of 7,000 , a riverboat casino and a mill churning out material for nuclear reactors . No one bench-presses any cars . No one freezes anything with their breath . Although the local burritos can help you exert the propulsive force of very high winds . And some of the keg beer is similar to Kryptonite , immobilizing you with pain and nausea , and robbing you of your powers of taste . But for a few days in summer  June 6-9 , 2013  , the town becomes soop central , putting on the "  Superman Celebration . " This year is a big one : the Diamond Jubilee . Remarkably , though the great man is 75 , his adventures continue . Not with hair re-seeding or knee replacement surgery , but with a new movie . Zack Synder 's "  Man of Steel , " starring Brit Henry Cavell , Russell Crowe and Kevin Costner , is released on June 14 . The big party in Metropolis will have superhero-related celebrity autograph sessions from the likes of Margot Kidder and Michael Rosenbaum , a Smallville prom , a Superman mastermind quiz  everyone knows Clark Kent parts his hair the different side to Superman  , a fans ' film festival and , of course , a $ 1,000 First Prize lookalike pageant  $ 25 entry  . Town mayor , Billy McDaniel , will be on hand to swear in visitors as "  honorary citizens " of his friendly community on the Ohio River near the Kentucky border . Share your Superman memories and images Most Supermen gathered There 's also a chance to become a Guinness World Record holder by being part of the world 's largest-ever gathering of people dressed as Superman . The record is currently held by 437 Canadians . Says Mayor McDaniel : "  The annual Superman Celebration brings so much more than just tourism to our small community . It brings out the superhero in all of us . " You can also buy a personalized brick  $ 75  to be placed around the pedestal or walkway to the Lois Lane statue on the corner of West Eighth and Market , between the chiropractor and "  the home of super financial services " -- the bank . Or you can have your photograph taken standing between Superman 's legs underneath the 22-foot , $ 120,000 , vandal-resistant bronze Superman statue in Superman Square in the "  Home of Superman . " It 's meant to bring good luck . President Obama posed there and he got re-elected . Beneath the sculpture is the inscription "  Truth , Justice -- the American Way . " "  It 's our second statue , " the lady from the Chamber of Commerce says . "  The first one was fiberglass and he was short , fat and ugly . People thought he had big feet and looked like Prince Charles . "  He also seemed to suffer from an ocular condition . " The Super Museum will be open . It 's curated by former Californian housewares salesman and self-professed "  Superman nut , " Jim Hambrick , whose 100,000-plus item collection includes the suit worn by George Reeves in the first color television episodes of "  Adventures of Superman . " The town and the world ca n't wait . Gift shops will stock anti-thrombotic support tights . Sponsors of Metropolis 's 35th Superman Celebration include Thor 's Gym . Superman speaks Joshua Boultinghouse is the resident Superman . "  I enjoy portraying Superman because for four days out of the year I get to be the man I always try to be , " he says . "  I do n't mean being invulnerable . I mean I get to represent all that is good , honest and pure about humanity . "  I think we all  for the most part  aspire to be like that , but for four days especially I have to be like that in front of the fans and especially for the children . "  And it gives me hope that maybe one day we all can be like that . " D.C. Comics ' Superman first appeared in June 1938 . Three quarters of a century , 2,000 comic appearances and six movies later , the Man of Steel has n't changed a great deal . Except he 's no longer bald . Superman was created in June 1933 by an Ohio writer named Jerry Siegel and Canadian illustrator Joe Schuster as a follicularly challenged baddie who read minds . Then came the makeover modeled on Douglas Fairbanks Jr. . Alter ego Clark Kent was named after matinee idols Clark Gable and Kent Taylor , with his looks based on comedian Harold Lloyd . DC Comics ' Metropolis was named after the title of a Fritz Lang movie . Metropolis , Illinois , has been Metropolis since 1889 . Its only factual claim to fame is that The Birdman of Alcatraz is buried there . Metropolis was Robert Stroud 's hometown . The local newspaper is called "  The Metropolis Planet . " It 's not called "  The Daily Planet . " It 's a weekly . The town 's chief other attraction is a telephone box . In it , rather than undress , I looked through the local directory . But could n't find one Clark Kent . Only a Stanley and a Wendell . The Superman Celebration takes place in Metropolis , Illinois , from June 6-9 ; www.supermancelebration.net	Are you toned and tall with black hair ? You could be Superman for 2013 Superman celebrates his 75th birthday this year , with a new movie and the Superman Celebration Metropolis , Illinois , hopes to break record for largest-ever gathering of people dressed as Superman
CNN  -- East Coast residents , some of whom have suffered without power for 12 days , waited Saturday for officials to come through on big promises to end the blackouts . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said he expects power to be almost fully restored by the end of the day to the approximately 57,000 customers in his state living in the dark . "  Life will be back -- for most of New Jersey -- to normal come Sunday , " he said Friday . One week ago , more than 2.4 million customers were without power in 10 states and the District of Columbia following Superstorm Sandy . This week 's nor'easter hampered some of the repairs . By Saturday , about 225,000 customers remained without power in the region . Photos : Finding beauty in the chaos The majority of New Jersey 's outages are the responsibility of Jersey Central Power & Light . The company 's website backed Christie 's prediction , with a map showing that most areas will have electricity restored by Saturday night . Relief was not as certain next door on Long Island , where a majority -- 127,000 -- of customers remained in the dark . Those homes are served by the Long Island Power Authority , a utility that has come under fire from residents and politicians alike . High school football players help their fellow Sandy victims Angry customers flooded the company 's Facebook page with insults and stories of suffering a cold winter without power . One man redesigned the utility 's logo to read "  Lie-pa , " as opposed to its usual acronym , LIPA . LIPA officials stressed Saturday that getting people back online is the utility 's top priority . "  We all want to get this wrapped up , " said LIPA COO Mike Hervey . "  We want to get the lights on as quickly as we possibly can . " More than 1 million customers have had their power restored , according to John Bruckner , president of Long Island Electric Transmission & Distribution Services for National Grid . "  We expect to restore 99 % of the customers who lost and can safely accept power by the end of day Tuesday , " Bruckner said . Frustration mounts in New York neighborhood On Friday , local and federal officials who stood to speak before residents in Oceanside , on Long Island , were met with boos and pointed questions about whether they had any power and how comfortable they were . "  What are you doing for us ? " some in the crowd shouted . Braving the boos , Kate Murray , presiding supervisor for the town of Hempstead , suggested residents ask themselves where the utility officials are . "  LIPA is the only entity that can turn on your electricity . Where are they ? " she said . "  They wo n't talk to us . We call them every day ; they wo n't give us one answer . " Murray seemed to successfully shift the residents ' cries against the politicians into chants of "  Where is LIPA ? Where is LIPA ? " "  LIPA has absolutely abrogated all of its duties , " she said . "  They should be wiped off the face of the earth . " No one from the utility was present to address the anger . In a written statement , the company said it has more than 8,200 linemen and tree-trimming crews making progress . "  When possible , we will restore power to customers who have been without power for the longest time , " the utility said in the statement . "  Your safety and well-being remain our No. 1 priority and we thank you for your continued patience during this difficult time . " On Saturday , Bruckner acknowledged the frustration and said utility workers "  will not stop " until power is restored to everyone . Storm aid focuses on low-wage workers	NEW : Outages in New Jersey are down to 57,000 customers Residents on Saturday are waiting for their power to be restored New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie promises results by Saturday night Those on Long Island still in the dark about when power may be restored
CNN  -- In 1996 , when she was 4 years old , Catherine MacLean learned she had aplastic anemia . For seven years , she lived from hospital visit to hospital visit , one transfusion to the next . It was n't until the summer of 2002 that her world suddenly included what was possible beyond the walls of her illness . She was 11 . For many of the years in between , her disease controlled her life -- aplastic anemia is a type of bone marrow failure that made it impossible to produce enough red blood cells to support her body . In 2001 , Catherine spent three weeks in isolation at a clinic so that she could get a bone marrow transplant . All visitors had to scrub down before entering the room , and her mother had to wear a surgical mask if she slept there . When she went back to school , Catherine had kept up academically , but the social environment at the school made for a difficult transition . "  I was definitely clearly very aware that I was different from the other kids in my class , in a lot of ways -- in terms of maturity , in terms of risk taking , " Catherine told CNN . "  There 's just this gap in experience , because I 've just done things and been to places that they just have n't . " To help her meet other kids who understood , Catherine 's doctors encouraged her to go to a special summer camp for seriously ill children . The Hole in the Wall Gang Camps were started by actor Paul Newman "  to acknowledge luck ; the chance of it , the benevolence of it in my life , and the brutality of it in the lives of others , made especially savage for children because they may not be allowed the good fortune of a lifetime to correct it . " The camp Catherine attended , in Ashford , Connecticut , is staffed by cabin counselors , doctors and nurses , and it prides itself on giving kids a place where they will feel "  safe , respected and loved . " For these kids , suffering from diseases such as hemophilia , sickle cell anemia and cancer , it is a chance to see past the walls of the hospital to what the world might be like if a diagnosis did n't control their every move , if clinics and hospital rooms were n't like second homes . CEO Jimmy Canton has been with the camp since it started in 1988 . He describes it as a place where children are encouraged to look beyond what they thought was possible : "  They 've been told over and over again what they ca n't do . And camp reminds them that there 's an enormous amount of things that they can do . " Nicole Kucine is a pediatric hematologist and oncologist who 's getting more training at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and has volunteered at the camp for four years . Outside of the summer , she works closely with many sick children in hospitals and clinics ; at the camp , she sees ill children in an entirely different light . What she sees -- children dancing around dining halls , inviting and insisting that she join in -- is invigorating . "  Seeing kids kind of ignore their disease was amazing . That they have to take medicine when they eat their meals was n't a big deal . They could be normal , " she told CNN . "  Normal " was not something Catherine was that familiar with before camp . The start of camp coincided with the one-year anniversary of her transplant , and her doctors were just starting to use the word "  cure . " At the camp , Catherine was embraced by young counselors , eager to get to know her . Many of the counselors were in college , which helped her envision what had for so long been an intangible future . "  My sort of vision of my life had always been very narrowed , and it was always very much a day-by-day . It was like in a week , I have to get another blood transfusion , and in a couple months , we 're gon na be changing my medication , and in a couple months , we 're gon na transplant , " she told CNN . The experience allowed Catherine to think , "  There 's things out there . I can set long-terms goals now . I can have long-term goals . There 's things that I 'm going to be able to do . " The friends from her camp still provide support and understanding today , when "  normal " life can get complicated . Explaining the intricacies of her illness could be daunting to a college freshman trying to make new friends . But her camp friends can commiserate over routine checkups and test results without requiring any explanation . The camp also changes the way children interact with authority figures . In hospitals , there are always many caretakers who often do things to sick children that are uncomfortable , like drawing blood or giving them medications . With events like "  Silly Olympics , " the camp puts kids back in the driver 's seat . Correctly answered trivia questions win campers the right to fling a spoonful of pudding in their counselor 's face , or spray a counselor with a Super Soaker , or perhaps make lemonade mix in a counselor 's mouth . "  Silly Olympics is , here 's this authority figure , but you 're allowed to throw pudding at them , you 're allowed to strike back , you 're allowed to kind of take control of the situation in a way that a lot of these kids get control over their bodies and their lives just completely taken away from them , " Catherine said . "  In the hospital , you 're a patient , that 's all you are ; in a lot of ways , you are your illness . And here , you 're getting up on stage and you 're a singer or you 're a wood shop craftsman or you 're a fisherman , you get to try different things , and so you can take back a sense of ' I like to fish , I 'm good at this , I discovered this talent , ' " she told CNN . This year , as Catherine finishes up her first year of college , she looks forward to many possibilities , such as medical research and graduate school . But she says the camp has also opened up her eyes to the social side of medicine , and she is considering going into public health or pursuing a job that supports patients . But for now , she is just excited about her summer job . She 'll be going back to the camp that changed her life , but this time as a counselor . For thousands of very sick children around the world , summer camp is not just a place to escape parents and make new friends .	In 1996 , Catherine MacLean learned she had aplastic anemia , hospital stays became her norm Hole in the Wall Gang Camps , started by Paul Newman , helped her transition to more normal life There , campers learn how the world might be if a diagnosis did n't control their every move As Catherine finishes up her first year of college , she looks forward to many possibilities
CNN  -- Tom Hanks does n't need to bring a present to a wedding . His dance moves are the gift that keeps on giving . As caught on camera by Justin Bieber , Hanks was clearly one of the best parts of a star-filled wedding reception over the weekend , unabashedly grooving to Montell Jordan 's 1995 hit , "  This Is How We Do It . " Or , as Bieber put it on Instagram : "  Tom Hanks singing ` This Is How we do it ' dressed like a Rabbi lol #thatdancetho . " Bieber and Hanks , who turns 58 on Wednesday , were celebrating the nuptials of Bieber 's manager , Scooter Braun . Braun tied the knot with cancer prevention activist Yael Cohen in Canada on Sunday and picked his young talent to serenade the couple with the Beatles ' "  All You Need Is Love " during the ceremony . According to TMZ , other attendees included a "  No Diggity " - singing Ed Sheeran ; Sophia Bush ; Hanks ' wife , Rita Wilson ; and Carly Rae Jepsen , who at one point joined Bieber in a rendition of "  Call Me Maybe . "	Justin Bieber filmed Tom Hanks ' dance moves at a wedding The nuptials were for Bieber 's manager , Scooter Braun Hanks was grooving to "  This Is How We Do It "
Camden , Maine  CNN  -- Facebook updates and YouTube videos are becoming more important to global affairs than governments , Iceland 's president said this week . "  This so-called social media has transformed our democratic institutions in such a way that what takes place in the more traditional institutions of power -- congress , ministries , even the White House or the presidency and the cabinet in my country -- has become almost a sideshow , " Olafur Ragnar Grimsson , Iceland 's president , said in an interview with CNN on Thursday at the PopTech conference here in coastal Maine . "  I know it 's a strong statement , especially coming from someone who spent most of his life within those institutions . But the power of the social media is , in my opinion , transforming the political process in such a way that I ca n't see any chance for the traditional , formal institutions of our democratic systems to keep up . " The statement comes after years of hardship for Iceland , which suffered the collapse of its financial system in 2008 and a massive 2010 volcano eruption that shut down international travel in the region . The country saw widespread political protests during this period , leading Grimsson to say Iceland was the example that Egyptians and now the global Occupy Wall Street movements followed . Grimsson , an even-spoken figure with Bill-Clinton hair and a charming Nordic accent , said protests organized by social media and technological developments are healthy for society , whether or not that offers him much in the way of job security . He sees technological development as a way to move Iceland forward after tragedy . "  Reading was always important to people in Iceland and a literary creativity , " he said . "  Somehow , with the digital revolution , this interest was transported over to computers , websites , mobile phones and so on . So Iceland now ranks among the top countries in all of these areas , and it has brought forward a new generation of people who are creating companies in these fields . " The country has rebounded significantly since the 2008 meltdown , he said , and that 's because Iceland bucked the advice of the international community and decided not to bail out the banks and financial institutions that helped create the foreclosure crisis . "  We are coming out of this crisis earlier and more effectively than I think anyone , including ourselves , could have expected . Iceland is now serving as an interesting example of how you can get out of a very deep financial and economic crisis . " Iceland 's unemployment rate dropped to 5.9 % in the third financial quarter of this year , down from 8.5 % earlier this year . The United States ' unemployment rate is higher , at 9.1 % , but Iceland 's unemployment rate is still up compared to pre-crisis levels , which hovered around 2 % to 4 % in 2006 and 2007 . A creative spirit helped the country recover , as former bankers found new jobs in other industries that are , on the whole , more helpful for the country , he said . "  One of the lessons is that if you want to grow your economy towards the creative direction of the 21st century , a big banking sector , even if it is successful , is in fact bad news , " he said . Iceland is also trying to develop itself as a hub for Internet traffic . Grimsson says new data centers -- the computer warehouses that essentially house the Internet -- are coming to Iceland because they can be powered by clean energy , and because the country is a smart linking point between North America and Europe . Underwater broadband cables connect the island nation to both of those continents . "  The climate in Iceland is such that if you want to cool the storage center , to put it simply , you open a window , " he said , "  whereas 40 % of the data center 's running costs in other locations is spent on air conditioning . So the operation is much cheaper in Iceland . " He 's also using the Internet to promote tourism in his country . A video posted on the site Vimeo shows the president sitting behind a wooden desk and inviting anyone who will listen to come to his house for "  delicious pancakes . " "  It 's a great idea because it also displays that the essence of Icelandic society is openness and friendliness , " he said . "  It 's one of those countries that 's still assuming that anyone who come comes as a friend until proven otherwise , whereas most of the world is moving in a different direction -- assuming everyone is a threat , until proven otherwise . " The offer for presidential pancakes , by the way , is still on the table for those who act fast ; and he 'll serve them just the way his grandmother did , "  with cream and jam . " "  I 'm not going to open a pancake restaurant , " he said , laughing . "  I 'm just going to do it on a smaller scale . "	Iceland 's president : Social media is more powerful than government President : "  I ca n't see any chance for traditional ... institutions to keep up " Olafur Ragnar Grimsson also hopes to develop Iceland as an Internet hub The country is courting data centers , which house the Internet
CNN  One person was killed after more than 100 cars piled up on Interstate 94 near Kalamazoo , Michigan , state police said Friday . About 20 more were injured , with 10 of those injuries "  more serious " in nature , Michigan State Police Officer Shane Criger said . One of the tractor-trailers involved in the wreck was carrying fireworks that can be seen on video detonating .	100 cars pile up on Interstate 94 near Kalamazoo Michigan police say 10 are injured seriously .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A yellow smiley-face badge , smeared with blood , has become the trademark for "  Watchmen , " the most critically revered of all comic books -- but it could also represent its troubled journey from page to big screen . "  Watchmen " opens with the unexplained murder of The Comedian  Jeffrey Dean Morgan  . Note smiley badge . The subject of fervent debate in the geekosphere for more than two decades , "  Watchmen " finally rolls out in the U.S. and other territories from the first week of March onward . But it 's not as well known to wider audiences , who may puzzle at all this heat about a superhero movie with no A-list star attached . Instead , they may simply ask : "  Watch-what ? " "  Watchmen , " created by the UK comic-book team of writer Alan Moore and artist Dave Gibbons , surfaced in 1986 as a monthly 12-issue series published by DC Comics  part of Time Warner , which owns CNN parent company Turner Broadcasting  . Are you looking forward to "  Watchmen ? " Or think it 's just hype ? It was a defining year for the medium : aside from "  Watchmen , " '86 also saw Pulitzer-prize winning holocaust drama "  Maus , " from The New Yorker contributor Art Spielgeman ; and Frank Miller 's hyperviolent Batman reworking "  The Dark Knight Returns . " "  Watchmen , " which takes place in 1985 , is set in a parallel world where America never lost Vietnam , Russia is about to invade Afghanistan and Richard Nixon still holds power  Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward were murdered  . Meanwhile a superhero team -- only one of whom has special powers -- reforms after a fellow operative is mysteriously slain . But what lifts "  Watchmen " above its superhero peers is a complex , multi-layered narrative and depth of characterization that ensured it was the only comic book to make Time 's 100 best novels since 1923 . A dark , downbeat work with a heady 11th-hour twist , it puts as much store on subsidiary characters like a newspaper seller as its does blue-skinned man-god Dr. Manhattan . Its influence can be traced to current small-screen favorites like "  Heroes " and "  Lost . " Watch "  Watchmen " trailer . " Perfect fodder , one might think , for the multiplex -- but "  Watchmen " has been lodged in Development Hell for the best part of two decades . At various times Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vin Diesel were mooted to play Manhattan ; Mickey Rourke and Ed Norton were suggested for right-wing vigilante Rorschach . Directors set to shoot have included Terry Gilliam , Darren Aronofsky , Paul Greengrass and David Hayter  whose script has been retained for much of the final film  . Several planned shoots failed to materialize due to studio fears about the budget  locations include Antarctica and Mars as well as New York  and how the ending might be perceived in a post-9 / 11 world . But film-makers such as Gilliam and Guillermo del Toro also believed that the complex material would be better treated as a TV mini-series . As the latter , the "  Pan 's Labyrinth " filmmaker , told IGN : "  I just could n't get my head around ` Watchmen ' being two or three hours long . " Whoever made "  Watchmen " would also do so without Moore 's blessing . Still resident in his hometown of Northampton , central England , Moore cuts an imposing figure . At least six-and-a-half feet tall , with chest-length beard and hair , talon-like rings on his fingers and the skull of a centuries-old Buddhist monk in his study , he resembles Doctor Who as reimagined by Edgar Allan Poe .  In person he 's gracious and affable , as this writer will attest from a few years back . Moore has had a mixed relationship with both the mainstream comic-book industry  which he accuses of over-commercialization and exploiting creators ' rights  and Hollywood . The comic-book series "  From Hell , " in which Moore uses the Jack the Ripper killings as a precursor to 20th-century violence , runs to about 500 pages , including 40-plus pages of footnotes . On film it became a melodramatic pad around Victorian London , gamely carried by a pre - "  Pirates " Johnny Depp . Two other Moore adaptations also failed to translate . Stephen Norrington 's "  The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen "  2003  was widely derided and the subject of a court case into which Moore was dragged ; by the time of James McTeigue 's better judged "  V For Vendetta "  2005  , Moore had asked his name be taken off any movie adaptations and refused to take royalties . Enter Zack Snyder . In 2004 , Snyder came to the attention of mainstream cinemagoers with his well-regarded remake of George A. Romero 's zombie flick "  Dawn of The Dead . " Following the $ 450m-plus taken worldwide by Snyder 's "  300 "  2006  -- a hyper-stylized take on Frank Miller 's ancient Greek suicide-mission -- it was announced that "  Watchmen " would be his next project with Warner Bros. . Paramount , which abandoned plans for the movie in 2005 , took international rights . The $ 150-million feature went into production in Vancouver in mid-2007 , wrapping in early 2008 , and with a cast including Billy Crudup and Jackie Earle Haley . Snyder has retained "  Watchmen 's " 1980s setting and also recruited original artist Gibbons -- who still retains friendship with Moore -- to advise on production design . Mindful that a narrative so complex could never work as a movie , Snyder has jettisoned several parallel subplots , which will surface as DVD extras and in director 's cuts . Word is that the ending has also been changed . But wary of over-tweaking , Snyder told Entertainment Weekly last year : "  You ca n't make it into something else , you really ca n't . It 's not ` Fantastic Four , ' it 's got to be hard R -LSB- cinema rating -RSB- , it 's got to challenge everyone 's ideas . " Meanwhile Moore , who sometimes mentions that he worships a Roman snake-god , hinted in the LA Times that he had cursed the feature . "  I can tell you that I will also be spitting venom all over it for months to come , " he added . So was it Moore who saw "  Watchmen " end up in the courts for a case that risked scuppering its release ? Last year Twentieth Century Fox claimed it still retained rights through an earlier deal with producer Lawrence Gordon in the 1980s ; Warners Bros. disagreed but a judge decided there was a case to answer . A settlement was eventually thrashed out last month , only weeks ahead of release . And so "  Watchmen " ticks toward early March and a rollout in spring , the now-traditional season for edgier comic-book adaptations like "  300 " and "  Sin City . " Trailers and early footage have drawn praise , with several scenes playing like detailed frames from the original artwork . But key will be whether Snyder can match "  Watchmen 's " dramatic beats against its green-screen chicanery for more than two hours  the Internet Movie Database lists the running time at 163 minutes  . After all , successfully mixing pyrotechnics and narrative is how the most satisfying genre features of recent years -- such as Peter Jackson 's "  Lord Of The Rings " trilogy and Christopher Nolan 's "  The Dark Knight " -- have found artistic , as well as commercial , favor . Should Snyder pull it off then will he earn the gratitude of fan boys everywhere , as well as no small thanks from a fair few movie executives . What Alan Moore might think is another issue . ` Watchmen ' is released in the UK on 6 March .	Comic-book movie , directed by Zack Snyder , took two decades to reach cinemas Directors Terry Gilliam , Darren Aronofsky , Paul Greengrass , previously attached Source material regarded by many as the best comic-book ever written Co-creator Alan Moore has objected to the idea of story being made into movie
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate voted Thursday night to extend the "  Cash for Clunkers " program with an infusion of $ 2 billion . President Obama is expected to sign the OK to spend $ 2 billion more on the "  Cash for Clunkers " program . White House aides said earlier that President Obama will quickly sign the bill into law to prevent any interruption to the popular incentive . The Senate voted 60-37 to approve the measure already passed by the House . " -LSB- President Obama 's -RSB- going to want to make sure the funds are in place by this weekend , " one senior White House official noted , because of the particularly brisk weekend business the program has sparked . The program under Obama 's economic stimulus package pays people up to $ 4,500 for trading an older-model vehicle with low fuel efficiency for new vehicles that get better miles per gallon . " ` Cash for Clunkers ' has been a proven success . The initial transactions are generating a more than 50 percent increase in fuel economy ; they are generating $ 700 to $ 1,000 in annual savings for consumers in reduced gas costs alone ; and they are getting the oldest , dirtiest and most air polluting trucks and SUVs off the road for good , " Obama said in a statement Thursday night . "  I want to thank Leader Reid and the members of the Senate who moved quickly to extend a program that benefits our recovery and our auto industry while reducing our economy 's dependence on oil , " he said . The program was intended to run until autumn , but higher than expected participation caused the government to warn last week the program would run out of money without an infusion from Congress . The extension would keep the program going through Labor Day . The House voted to add $ 2 billion to the program before it adjourned for the summer on Friday . With the Senate vote , the additional money will become available right away . Several top Republicans , including Sen. John McCain of Arizona , raised concerns about pouring more money into the program at a time when the government is deep in debt . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and other top Democrats had been lining up votes for the expansion by making the case that the program is providing a boost to the economy by increasing weak auto sales , while also helping the environment by getting "  clunkers " off the road in favor of more fuel-efficient vehicles . The program calls for the engines of the clunkers to be made inoperable so the cars can not be returned to the road . Watch what happens to ` clunkers ' " Democratic officials said several hurdles were cleared in order to allow the Senate to pass the bill with new money on Thursday night . On Monday , two key senators who opposed more money for the program announced they had changed their minds and now supported the extension . The announcement by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , and Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , boosted Democratic efforts to secure enough votes to pass the measure this week . CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says program stimulates economy while getting old vehicles off road Senate votes 60-37 to expand program with an infusion of $ 2 billion Program allows drivers to turn in gas guzzlers for fuel-efficient models Lawmakers fear program will run out of money without extension
CNN  Blaming a school project for an hourslong traffic jam sounds about as far-fetched as blaming a dog for eating your homework . But Atlanta Police said it was a Georgia State University student 's art project attached to the outer frame of the 14th Street Bridge in downtown Atlanta that shut down all north and southbound lanes of Interstate 75/85 for two hours on Monday . "  Georgia State has taken responsibility for the object , " Assistant Chief Shawn Jones said at a news conference Tuesday . The department said it received a 911 call regarding a suspicious package around 12:50 p.m. Monday . When crews went to investigate , they "  found an object that looked like an explosive , " Jones said . Jones would n't describe what the object in question looked like , but a photo gallery obtained exclusively by CNN affiliate WSB , showed a soda can covered in duct tape . Police moved to shut down all lanes of traffic to "  conduct controlled disruption to render it safe , " Jones said . The results were eerie scenes of a usually bustling thoroughfare left empty . No explosives were found and all lanes of interstate traffic reopened shortly after 4 p.m. Georgia State announced Tuesday that an art project was to blame . "  Georgia State University sincerely apologizes for the traffic problems resulting yesterday from the mounting of a student camera at the 14th Street Bridge , " Don Hale with university media relations said in a release . No one from the Atlanta Police Department or the Department of Transportation was made aware of the 18 cameras deployed at various locations in the city , Jones said . Photos of other cameras show them attached to trees , fences and windows around the city . Some include notes that identify the soda can as a "  Georgia State Art Project . " Some instruct passersby to "  Please do not take down ! " Police are working with the school to remove all the cameras , the university release said . Jones said the incident is still under investigation and it has yet to be determined if charges will be filed .	All lanes of Interstate 75/85 shut down for two hours Monday . Georgia State said art project mounted to bridge was to blame . Police working with GSU to remove other cameras around the city .
News alert : Some things you read on the Internet are not true . As obvious as that may seem , and as savvy as you 'd think we 'd be a decade after deposed Nigerian princes began e-mailing us with the promise of vast riches , 2013 has turned out to be the Year of the Online Hoax . And , guess what ? Most of us seemed to love every minute of it . In just the past week or so , the Web has been duped by the viral rise of a snarky Thanksgiving Day airplane spat , a not-so-poor poverty blogger and a Twitter feud between a comedian and a salsa company . And it 's no accident . Media experts say there are multiple factors at work when these sweet little lies rocket across the Web in what feels like mere minutes . First , the obvious . To be too good to be true , a story has to be good . "  Sometimes , with these stories , we all want them to be true , " said Brian Stelter , CNN 's senior media correspondent and host of "  Reliable Sources , " on CNN 's "  Newsroom " Tuesday . "  And we forget , maybe , the first rule -- trust , but verify . Check it out first . " So , when a pastor claims to teach his congregation a lesson by disguising himself as a homeless man , or a pistol-packing granny unloads on young punks playing "  The Knockout Game , " some of us are so enamored of what the tale says about our world that we miss the warning signs . But there 's more to it than that . Fun little Internet stories , it turns out , have become big business . "  There really is a virality industry , with websites that are in the business of finding these things and blowing them up with slide shows and stories , " Stelter told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . He named Buzzfeed , Huffington Post and Upworthy as just a few of the many sites that thrive , at least in part , on that model . Many news sites seek to verify viral content before publishing it , although some of us occasionally get burned . In September CNN and other sites published a video of a girl appearing to catch on fire during a twerking mishap before the clip was revealed as a prank by Jimmy Kimmel 's talk show . There 's obviously an appetite for these sorts of viral stories . So finding them , pulling them together quickly and relaunching them on social media within minutes equals page views . And online , page views make advertisers happy . And advertisers mean money . "  There 's a million-clicks reward for being the first to pick up on it , " wrote TIME 's James Poniewozik , referring to Elan Gale 's live-tweeting of his Thanksgiving Day airplane "  feud . " "  And hundreds of follow-up , aggregations , commentaries and counter-commentaries get posted before anyone gets around to seeing if the flight data added up . " Here are just some of the fake viral tales that have swept the Web so far this year . We 're willing to bet they wo n't be the last . Manti Te'o 's "  girlfriend " This one 's almost a year old and still kind of confusing . As his Notre Dame Fighting Irish were playing their way into the BCS national championship game , All-American linebacker Manti Te'o broke hearts when he told reporters his girlfriend , a 22-year-old Stanford University student , had died of leukemia within hours of his grandmother 's death . "  I miss 'em , but I know that I 'll see them again one day , " he told ESPN after leading the Irish to an improbable 20-3 victory over Michigan State . Except , the girlfriend never existed . Te'o would later say he 'd never met Lennay Kekua in person , that their relationship had formed online and that he was the victim of what he called a "  sick joke " and what Notre Dame dubbed "  an elaborate hoax . " The homophobic non-tip It had all the right ingredients to stir up Web outrage . It was n't enough for customers to refuse to tip waitress Dayna Morales , a 22-year-old Marine Corps veteran , who describes herself as "  out , open and proud . " Someone in the family of four also had to leave a note saying "  I 'm sorry but I can not tip because I do not agree with ... your lifestyle and how you live your life . " That 's the story Morales told media outlets , including CNN , last month , and the Web responded in kind . More than $ 2,000 flowed in to a PayPal account set up by her employer , Gallop Asian Bistro in Bridgewater , New Jersey . She said she 'd donate the gifts to the Wounded Warrior Project and the restaurant planned to match the donations , giving to a local gay-and-lesbian support group . But then , a local television station displayed a receipt from a family showing an $ 18 tip on a bill of $ 93.55 -- the same amount on the one Morales had originally shared on the Facebook Have a Gay Day group , and a credit card statement with the same total value , $ 111.55 , to back it up . This week , Morales was suspended at the restaurant , while it completes an investigation of exactly what happened . The poverty blogger Give Linda Walther Tirado this : she can write . "  You have to understand that we know that we will never not feel tired , " she wrote in one of many heartbreaking blog posts about living in poverty that were picked up by the Huffington Post and others . "  We will never feel hopeful . We will never get a vacation . Ever . We know that the very act of being poor guarantees that we will never not be poor . It does n't give us much reason to improve ourselves . " But here 's the problem . She 's apparently not all that poor . A Houston Press investigation last week revealed that Tirado owns her home , has worked as a political consultant , attended a private boarding school and is married to a U.S. Marine . But by the time that story was out , Tirado had already raised more than $ 61,000 in donations via GoFundMe . In an update on the GoFundMe page , Tirado wrote , "  You have to understand that the piece you read was taken out of context , that I never meant to say that all of these things were happening to me right now , or that I was still quite so abject . I am not . I am reasonably normally lower working class ... " She says she 'll use the money to collect her writing into a book and maintains that her writing was misinterpreted by readers who thought she was always describing her current living conditions . #RIP celebrity-who-is-still-alive It 's been more than four years since Jeff Goldblum "  died " on Twitter . But , in 2013 , the social media platform was still killing off celebrities with regularity . Celine Dion . Tom Cruise . Cher . Chloe Moretz . All , to the best of our knowledge , still alive . But all mourned this year on Twitter where bad information , whether planted intentionally or accidentally , can spread fast . It 's gotten so bad that when word of actor Paul Walker 's death in a car crash broke late Saturday , many fans remained skeptical even after legitimate news sources were reporting it . Diane in 7A A reality TV producer just made something up . Who would have thought ? Elan Gale , a producer on ABC 's "  The Bachelor , " captivated Twitter with his Thanksgiving Day story about a fellow passenger who was rude to flight attendants on his flight to Phoenix . Gale came to the rescue with a cheeky note , a glass of wine and , ultimately , some lowbrow insults . Within a day , the Web had split into two camps . Team Elan cheered a champion who delivered instant karma to someone being nasty to hapless service-industry folk . Team Diane declared Gale just as bad , if not worse , for preying upon someone clearly in distress and insulting her in crude language . Gale declared both teams losers a couple of days later when he returned to Twitter to share a "  photo of Diane " -- an empty chair . Comedian vs. salsa Fresh on the heels of Elan vs. Diane , comedian Kyle Kinane over the weekend started poking fun at what looked like an automated Twitter feed for Pace Picante Sauce that would "  favorite " anything he wrote about the salsa -- no matter how derogatory or crude . What followed was a hilarious and cringe-worthy back-and-forth in which Pace employees offered Kinane free salsa to stop writing bad things about them , argued amongst themselves and generally made a mess of things . The main problem being that Pace Picante Sauce does n't have a Twitter feed , says its owner , the Campbell Soup Co. . Kinane says he was himself pranked by other comedians who created the fake account .	Viral hoaxes hit the Internet big in 2013 Media analyst : Spreading viral stories fast is big business The fake "  Elan vs. Diane " airplane spat captivated thousands on Thanksgiving Analyst : "  Sometimes , with these stories , we all want them to be true "
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner repeated her call this week to decriminalize personal drug use and crack down on traffickers and dealers . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner says she does n't like to "  condemn someone who has an addiction . " "  I do n't like it when people easily condemn someone who has an addiction as if he were a criminal , as if he were a person who should be persecuted , " she told a meeting of the National Investigation into the Consumption of Alcohol , Tobacco , Psychopharmaceuticals and Illegal Drugs . "  Those who should be persecuted are those who sell the substances , those who give it away , those who traffic in it . " A poll shows 2 percent of Argentines have tried cocaine , but some people believe decriminalization of drugs could result in wider drug use . Regardless , the Argentine government is pushing Congress to pass the decriminalization legislation by the end of the year . "  Decriminalization of the consumer should include what are called second-generation human rights , but at the same time there should be a strong policy of prevention , so that no one falls in the situation of consuming any substance , " said Anibal Fernandez , the minister of security and justice . Ethan Nadelmann , founder and executive director of the New York-based Drug Policy Alliance , said such policies have been adopted throughout Europe and other parts of Latin America . "  The evidence generally shows that the decriminalization of possession is not clearly associated with any increase in illicit drug use , " he said . A few years ago , then-Mexican President Vicente Fox proposed decriminalizing possession of drugs combined with a crackdown on traffickers , but a harsh reaction from the Bush administration caused him to retreat , Nadelmann said . Brazil and Colombia have passed laws decriminalizing drug use in an effort to combat the spread of HIV among injecting drug users , he said . Politicians recognize that "  you basically need to get those people out of the underground and into health systems , " Nadelmann said . "  This would be part of a growing number of countries in Latin America where there is , either for political or judicial reasons , a push toward decriminalization of personal possession , sometimes combined with initiatives to crack down harder on bigger drug traffickers , " he said . "  It typically involves both lessening the criminal sanction for possession of cannabis while also providing for alternatives to incarceration for people addicted to drugs who are arrested for drug possession or other minor offenses . " The concept has gained followers in the United States , too , he said , citing statistics that show two-thirds of Americans support drug treatment instead of jail time for first-time drug offenders . On Wednesday , Rep. Barney Frank announced a proposal to end federal penalties for Americans carrying fewer than 100 grams , or almost a quarter-pound , of marijuana . "  The vast amount of human activity ought to be none of the government 's business , " Frank said on Capitol Hill . "  I do n't think it is the government 's business to tell you how to spend your leisure time . " CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this story .	President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner says addicts should not be persecuted Argentine government wants Congress to pass legislation by end of year Measures could lessen sentences for users , crack down on dealers and traffickers Rep. Barney Frank proposes similar legislation this week on Capitol Hill
CNN  -- North Korea has more uranium enrichment facilities than it has admitted to previously , a U.S. scientist charged Thursday . Prof. Siegfried Hecker of Stanford University told CNN his conclusion is based on his study of recent satellite images and other research , and what he saw when he was invited by North Korea to visit its Yongbyon nuclear power plant in 2010 to see its secret uranium enrichment program . "  When I saw the sophistication and scale of that uranium enrichment facility at Yongbyon in a building that I had been in before that housed something totally different , it was clear that they started the program long before the time that they had said , which was April 2009 . So my conclusion was , they had to have another site someplace else , " said Hecker . The Stanford University scientist visited Yongbyon in November , 2010 , and reported that he saw a facility that housed 2,000 centrifuges and was producing low-enriched uranium . It could , however , he wrote then , "  be readily converted to produce highly-enriched uranium  HEU  bomb fuel . " Hecker , an emeritus director of Los Alamos National Laboratory , also estimated that North Korea has between four and eight plutonium bombs , each of which could do damage similiar to that of the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki in Japan at the end of World War II . He is in South Korea attending international nuclear conferences ahead of the Seoul Nuclear Security Summit next week . North Korea , although not officially on the agenda , will be discussed in bilateral meetings at the summit , which will be attended by more than 50 heads of state , including U.S. President Barack Obama . Hecker 's assessment comes just weeks after the United States agreed to a deal with North Korea in which Pyongyang would allow United Nations weapons inspectors back into the country in exchange for food aid . North Korea ejected inspectors from the U.N. 's International Atomic Energy Agency from its Yongbyon nuclear complex in April 2009 , about a month before it conducted its second nuclear weapons test . However , per the new agreement , the inspectors will only have access to the sites to which North Korea has admitted having , not the ones Hecker suspects are still undisclosed . As part of the deal , Pyongyang also agreed to refrain from nuclear tests and long-range missile tests , but just last week announced it would launch a rocket with a satellite attached in mid-April . "  I was n't so surprised that they would do a space launch , " said Hecker , who is also the co-director of the Center for International Security and Cooperation . "  What I was surprised at is , first of all they even agreed to a missile moratorium but then immediately turned around to say , ` We 're doing this space launch ' and quite frankly , that makes a mockery of the agreement . " North Korea says it has a right to a peaceful space program and invited international space experts and journalists to witness the launch , the state-run Korean Central News Agency said last week . The satellite would be sent into orbit in mid-April to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , North Korea 's founder and current leader Kim Jong Un 's grandfather .	Hecker visited the Yongbyon nuclear plant in 2010 The scientists estimates North Korea has as many as 8 plutonium bombs Pyongyang recently agreed to allow inspectors back in in exchange for food aid It also agreed to halt nuclear and missile testing
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee plans to unleash a withering attack Wednesday on private contractors working for the company formerly known as Blackwater in Afghanistan , accusing them of flouting regulations and endangering the U.S. mission . Key to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan will be the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military , Sen. Carl Levin will say , according to an advance text of his remarks . "  If we are going to win that struggle , we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened , supervised and held accountable -- because in the end , the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions , " the Michigan Democrat will say . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " See agenda of 9:30 a.m. Wednesday hearing Though more than 100,000 contractors operate for a variety of contractors in Afghanistan , Levin singled out Paravant , a company that had "  no meaningful distinction " from the company formerly known as Blackwater , which is currently known as Xe Services , he said in the advance text . Shooting at Camp Darulaman Levin cited a December 9 , 2008 , shooting at the U.S. military 's range at Camp Darulaman during which a Paravant program manager carrying an AK-47 got on the back of a moving car , then shot and wounded a Paravant trainer on his team when the car hit a bump , Levin said . Though the program manager lost his job , the others on his team who allowed his activities did not , he said . Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan , a multinational military formation that trains the Afghan National Army , did not appear to have investigated the incident , he said . Had it done so , the U.S. Army "  would have seen that Paravant personnel were using weapons improperly and unsafely , with inadequate supervision , and that they were carrying weapons that they were n't even supposed to have , " according to Levin . Two civilians killed He also cited a widely reported May 5 , 2009 , incident in which two Paravant personnel fired their weapons , killing two Afghan civilians and wounding a third . The two men have been charged with murder in the shootings . An Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies , " said Levin , who cited as his source the man who then led the Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . Paravant 's contract required it to "  ensure that its personnel ... behave at all times in accordance with the highest professional and ethical standards , " Levin said . Records for the two men responsible for the May 5 shooting show the company failed to properly vet them , Levin said . One man 's military record "  apparently included assault , insubordinate conduct , absence without leave , failure to obey order or regulation , larceny and wrongful appropriation , " he said . And his criminal record showed convictions for reckless driving , disturbing the peace , assault and battery , driving while intoxicated , resisting arrest and trespassing . The other man was cited in a news report for having been discharged from the U.S. military after being absent without leave for 22 days and testing positive for cocaine , Levin said . Other Paravant personnel were fired for alcohol use and drug use , he said . Company looks forward to testifying In a written statement , a spokesman for Xe Services said the company is looking forward to testifying Wednesday . "  Xe 's new management was taking steps to address shortcomings in the Paravant program when the tragic May 5 incident occurred , " said Mark Corallo of Corallo Comstock Communications . "  One of those shortcomings discovered was that the former management of Paravant had provided weapons to personnel for personal protection without first obtaining the proper authorization from DoD . "  Though Raytheon , the prime contractor , and the DoD customer were both aware of Paravant management 's decision , and were working to obtain authorization , contractors should not have been armed without the proper approvals . That said , the individual independent contractors ' actions the night of May 5 clearly violated clear company policies and they are being held accountable . " After the May 2009 shooting , Raytheon -- which had subcontracted the work to Paravant -- accused the company of having failed to properly oversee its personnel . Paravant responded that it would need more money to do that , Levin said , calling the company 's response "  deeply troubling " since its contractual obligation already called for that . In addition , Paravant called its personnel "  independent contractors , " despite "  compelling evidence " that they were company employees , Levin said . That meant that the company withheld no income taxes and paid no Social Security , Medicare or unemployment tax for them , he said . The Internal Revenue Service is considering Paravant 's classification . U.S. Army also criticized Levin also took to task the U.S. Army for "  apparent lack of contractor oversight . " Before last May 's shooting , the Army said it had no contracting officer representative in the area , telling the committee that it relied on a Dutch contractor to oversee the project . The Army said it also monitored the contractors from an office in Florida by calling the chief of training and education for the Afghan National Security Forces at Combined Security Transition Command - Afghanistan . But the chief has told the committee that he did not travel to the training sites to observe Paravant 's personnel , Levin said . On December 3 , 2008 , before the first shooting incident , Raytheon told the Army by e-mail that Paravant workers had weapons without authority , Levin said , but the Army "  apparently failed to take action . " A separate report released earlier this month by the inspectors general of the Department of Defense and the State Department criticizes the State Department for its oversight of Afghan training contracts , specifically a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghan National Police . The State Department failed to keep track of the money and materials , including weapons , and failed to prepare the police to fight off insurgents , the report said . Additionally , Levin said a key mission of U.S. forces in Afghanistan is to train and equip Afghan security forces to take the lead in the war , adding that they use a U.S.-operated facility near Kabul to store weapons for the Afghan forces . Though no policy exists that allows contractors or subcontractors to use weapons stored at the site , called Bunker 22 , Blackwater personnel "  acquired several hundred weapons , including more than 500 AK-47s , from the facility on multiple occasions , " Levin said . Though the company said last June that it had returned them all , Levin said that was not the case , citing one AK-47 that was not returned until late last month . "  These are weapons that belonged to the Afghan National Police -- not Blackwater , " he said . "  And it is only on the eve of this hearing that the company is giving the majority of them back to the Afghan government . " Levin concluded the advance text by saying that the contractors need to understand that they have an impact on how the U.S. military is perceived . "  Even one irresponsible act by contractor personnel can hurt the mission and put our troops in harm 's way , " he said . "  If we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this story .	Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , is the chairman of the Armed Services Committee In prepared text , he sharply criticizes private contractors that worked for Blackwater Levin cites two shooting incidents and lax control over weapons He says contractors play key role in perception of U.S. military by Afghan people
CNN  -- When Americans pick up their prescriptions from the pharmacy or reach for a prescription bottle from their medicine cabinet , they probably do n't think much about where the drugs were made or whether they are safe . What most Americans do n't realize is the staggering fact that the number of drug products manufactured outside the United States has doubled between 2001 and 2008 . Nearly 40 % of all drugs taken by Americans come from overseas , and nearly 80 % of the active pharmaceutical ingredients used to make these drugs also come from foreign countries -- mainly China and India . I support the global marketplace , but we must be aware that without the proper enforcement of quality standards , the trust we put in the safety of the prescriptions we take can be broken at any time by a supplier in China , a counterfeiter in India or an importer from Thailand . Too many people believe incorrectly that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has the authority to properly monitor our drug supply system for safety . Under current law , the FDA does not have the authority to require a manufacturer to notify the agency if a drug has been corrupted , to recall pharmaceuticals that the FDA believes are unsafe , to refuse imported pharmaceuticals that are counterfeited at the border or to ensure that drug manufacturers are responsible for quality controls throughout their supply chain . These are authorities we must give to FDA if we are to truly oversee the safety of our drug supply . Even more worrisome is the inability of the FDA to conduct comparable inspections of domestic and foreign pharmaceutical manufacturers . It lacks the necessary funding and personnel . Domestic pharmaceutical facilities are inspected , on average , every two years by the FDA , whereas foreign drug facilities are inspected only every nine years . According to the Government Accountability Office , some of the 3,765 foreign drug establishments in the FDA 's database may never have been inspected . An increasing demand , coupled with an expanding globalized drug market , blatantly calls for a more globalized and fully equipped FDA . A globalized FDA not only would ensure safety ; it would also level the playing field for our manufacturers . FDA approval is the gold standard in the world marketplace : domestic pharmaceutical and ingredient manufacturers in the United States are held to that high standard . Their foreign counterparts should be , too . These competitors are from countries like India and China , nations that are home to 70 % of the world 's drug manufacturing sites , up from just 49 % in 2004 . Now , more than ever , U.S. manufacturing facilities should be rewarded , not penalized , for retaining jobs in the United States . It is not only fair and the right thing to do to protect American competitiveness , it 's critically important for the health of American consumers . Although improved drug safety authorities for the FDA are important , they will be ineffective without a reliable funding stream , free from political whims , to implement them . A chronically underfunded agency , like the FDA , can not successfully oversee our drug supply 's safety without a stable funding source that will allow the agency to hire the staff it needs to conduct inspections overseas or to monitor pharmaceuticals that are entering our country . The re-authorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act , which expires in October , offers an opportunity to remedy these problems . As we begin debate and negotiations around the Prescription Drug User Fee Act , we have a responsibility to ensure that we are equipping the FDA with the resources , personnel and authorities to assure the pharmaceuticals Americans take every day are neither contaminated , counterfeited , corrupted nor mislabeled . It is hard to believe that it already has been three years since the contaminated blood thinner heparin , which authorities believe originated in China , killed several people and caused multiple cases of serious illness . Although fears generated by this crisis may have subsided , the reality that it can happen again should be fresh in the minds of those of us on the Hill as we reauthorize the Prescription Drug User Fee Act , and give the FDA more authority in the process . This is not and should not be a partisan issue . We must focus not only on making , and ensuring timely access to , the latest innovative drug treatments , but on establishing one quality standard for every drug sold in the United States . American consumers , and their families , deserve no less . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Dingell .	John Dingell : 40 % of drugs , 80 % of ingredients are from overseas , mainly China , India We have no monitoring system to prevent counterfeit or contaminated drugs , he writes Dingell : The FDA lacks the authorization to ensure these drugs meet U.S. standards We need to pass legislation that gives FDA proper funding and authority , he says
North and South Korea have agreed to reopen their joint industrial park on a trial basis next week , nearly five months after it was shut down , according to a press release from the South 's Unification Ministry . The Kaesong Industrial Complex is seen as a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation . According to the press release , "  companies will begin re-operation from September 16 on a test run . " The date was set after hours of intense negotiations between the two sides . The complex was shuttered in April by North Korea amid soaring military tensions . North Korea agrees to family reunions with the South North Korea expelled South Korean workers and suspended activity at the zone , which sits on the North 's side of the Koreas ' demilitarized zone . But the tensions have since eased , and the generally secretive North recently allowed a large Western media contingent to cover the 60th anniversary of the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 . On August 14 , the two sides reached a five-point agreement to open the complex . As part of the agreement , both governments said the zone 's operation would no longer be "  affected by political situations under any circumstance . " The agreement also called for a joint panel to discuss compensating South Korean companies hurt by the closing . The zone , which made its debut nine years ago , is considered an important source of hard currency for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's regime . About 53,000 North Koreans worked at more than 120 South Korean companies at the complex . It produced hundreds of millions of dollars worth of goods yearly .	Kaesong Industrial Complex is seen as a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation North closed it in April as military tensions with the South increased Both governments now agree the zone 's operation will not be affected by politics
CNN  -- Authorities captured a convicted murderer whom Chicago authorities mistakenly released from custody . Steven Robbins , 44 , convicted of a 2002 murder in Indianapolis , had been on the run for three days before he was captured in Illinois Friday night . After interviewing Robbins ' family and friends , they were able to determine where he was , the Cook County Sheriff 's Department said . They captured Robbins in the city of Kankakee , about 60 miles away from Chicago . A solemn-faced Robbins , dressed in blue jeans and spotless new shoes , was photographed by Cook County authorities after his arrest and before he was put into a police car . This saga started on Tuesday when Robbins was taken from an Indianapolis prison to Illinois for a court hearing on unrelated weapons and drug charges , according to the Indiana Department of Correction . Both of those charges were dropped and Robbins was supposed to be returned to the Indiana prison to continue serving his 60-year sentence for the murder . That did not happen . During the manhunt , authorities released one clue that they said may help in the search . On the right side of his neck , there 's a tattoo that says "  Nicole . " It was unclear Thursday whether Nicole was instrumental in the apprehension or lived in the area where Robbins was captured . Robbins was convicted in the May 2002 shooting death of a 21-year-old man who tried to stop a street fight between Robbins and his wife Nicole Robbins , according to court documents . In Session 's Kisa Santiago contributed to this report .	Steven Robbins was serving a 60-year prison sentence for murder He was taken to an Illinois court for unrelated charges Those weapons and drug charges were dropped It is unclear if Robbins ' tattoo of the name Nicole helped in the search
CNN  -- Behind the wheel of a sport utility vehicle , deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya on Thursday started his journey from Managua , Nicaragua , to the country 's border with Honduras . Honduran soldiers block the road at the Honduras-Nicaragua border in Paraiso , Honduras . A caravan of Zelaya supporters and reporters headed north to the city of Esteli , close to the Honduran border . From there , Zelaya would finalize his plans to cross back into Honduras , he said at a news conference before departing . The ousted president stated his intention to return to his homeland this week , raising concerns about increased unrest . The days since the June 28 military-led coup that deposed Zelaya have been marked by mostly peaceful demonstrations by supporters and detractors of the government of interim President Roberto Micheletti . One notable exception was an attempt by Zelaya to return by plane on July 5 , only to be turned away by military vehicles blocking the airport 's runways . One man was killed in clashes between Zelaya supporters and police . When asked about Zelaya 's stated return , U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Philip Crowley called it "  unwise . " "  Any step that would add to the risk of violence in Honduras or in the area , we think would be unwise , " Crowley said . Zelaya told reporters he hopes that border guards in Honduras will recognize him as president and commander in chief , and put down their weapons when he attempts to cross as early as Friday . "  We go with a white flag , with a flag of peace , " Zelaya said . Micheletti 's government , which has vowed to arrest Zelaya on charges of violating the constitution , announced on Thursday a curfew in the border area with Nicaragua from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. , the newspaper La Prensa reported . A less restrictive curfew remained in effect in other parts of the country , the paper said . The backdrop to the tensions following Zelaya 's caravan is a peace agreement offered Wednesday by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , who mediated two rounds of unsuccessful talks between the two sides . The document , dubbed the San Jose Accord , calls for Zelaya 's return to power , the creation of a unity government , and early elections . The accord was very similar to an original plan suggested by Arias , but with more details and a creation of a truth commission to investigate the events that led to the crisis . It also included a timeline for its implementation , which placed Zelaya back in Honduras by Friday . But Zelaya seemed intent to return on his own timeline , as neither side has signed the agreement . Hopes were slim that the agreement would be signed , as the Zelaya camp publicly said it rejected the document , and Micheletti 's side said it would have to seek approval from the other branches of government before proceeding . The Honduran supreme court has said it would not accept Zelaya 's return under any circumstances . On Thursday , the United States and the Organization of American States expressed support for the San Jose Accord . "  A favorable response to this proposal opens a path of reconciliation , " OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza said at a news conference in Washington . "  A rejection of this proposal opens a path toward confrontation . And I want to say very frankly , we do n't want a path toward conflict . " The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya 's desire to hold a referendum that could have opened the door to extending term limits by changing the constitution , even though the congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court ruled it illegal . Zelaya was removed from office June 28 in a military-led coup and replaced by congressional leader Micheletti a few hours later . The coup has drawn international condemnation , including demands by the United Nations General Assembly , the OAS and the European Union that Zelaya be reinstated . Micheletti has steadfastly rejected that a coup took place , saying Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power .	Jose Manuel Zelaya hopes guards will recognize him as president , let him cross Interim president has vowed to arrest Zelaya on charges of violating constitution Ousted president 's attempt to return to homeland raises fears of increased unrest U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Crowley calls planned return "  unwise "
CNN  -- Chad Dickerson 's shoulder bag is made out of an old bomber jacket , sewn together by a craftsman in Germany . Out of it he pulls a few of his favorite things - a linen laptop case , and a travel document holder made from Johnny Cash 's "  I Walk the Line " album cover . It 's a little dog-eared , but then it is from 1964 . The folder was bought and sold through Etsy , an online marketplace which Dickerson has helped lead since 2008 , first as chief technology officer then as chief executive since 2011 . Etsy is an e-commerce website , selling vintage goods -- which must be over 20 years old -- and homemade items . It also sells supplies for arts and craft . Other sites offering a similar craft-based marketplace include DaWanda and ArtFire . The company was started in 2005 and became profitable in 2009 , even as the credit crunch dragged down the U.S. and European economies . It has received $ 91 million in funding from investors including Accel Partners and Hurbert Burda . It is creating virtual and actual communities which , according to Dickerson , are disrupting global supply chains by directly linking buyers and sellers . While Etsy , a headline act for Le Web London , is an e-commerce site , its "  primary driver is a the authorship and provenance of where something came from , " Dickerson told CNN . "  That really sets us apart . " Read more : LeWeb 2013 - the best bits you might have missed It also provides "  an antidote " to the disjoint between people and the goods they consume , Dickerson says . On Etsy , "  you can both get a quality item and something that is totally unique . " Etsy , which has 900,000 active "  shops , " attracts 60 million unique visitors a month , with a 70 % jump in year-on-year marketplace sales in 2012 , to just over $ 895 million . The company takes a 3.5 % commission and the rest goes to the seller . It has created the commercial "  opposite of what major retailers do these days , " Dickerson says . He points to the factory collapse in Bangladesh , in which more than 1,100 people died , as the type of commerce Etsy stands against . " -LSB- Etsy 's success -RSB- is a backlash but it 's a very positive one , " Dickerson says . "  When we talk about the vision for Etsy , we say that we are re-imagining commerce to build a more fulfilling and lasting world . " It 's not one in which commercialism is a bad thing , Dickerson says . "  We believe that commercial activity , in the buying and selling of things , when done well actually improves the world . " Etsy has perhaps benefited from the credit crunch , as those suffering financial pain seek to boost their incomes with online selling , but Dickerson also points to a "  new form of economic activity . " It is "  not just the economic cycle , it 's the creation of a new type of opportunity , " Dickerson says . "  You can make a life , not just a living . " That reflects the ethos of Dickerson himself , a former Yahoo executive , who studied English literature before becoming fascinated by the opportunities of the open source software movement . "  I see the same dynamic on Etsy , but instead of creating open source software the Etsy community is creating something even more profound , " Dickerson says . Etsy , is creating a "  whole new way of looking at commerce . " Etsy has teams to investigate authenticity of items and the website 's community is also on the look-out for any misrepresentation . But Etsy is being challenged by the relentless drive of technology . The emergence of 3-D printing is something that 's made us "  think about our world view , " Dickerson says . Some sellers used 3-D printed parts in what they sell , but questions remain over whether it qualifies as craft . According to Dickerson : "  The truth is we do n't know , because it is so new we are learning along with everyone else . "	Etsy was founded in 2005 and became profitable in 2009 It has received $ 91 million in funding from investors including Accel Partners It has 900,000 active "  shops " and attracts 60 million unique visitors a month CEO Chad Dickerson says its provides an "  antidote " to mass retail
New York  CNN  -- A lawsuit claims that the head coach of the U.S. women 's basketball team successfully demanded that a female security director be removed from her assignment for the upcoming 2012 Olympic Games in London after she rebuffed his sexual advances . Kelley Hardwick , 46 , filed the employment discrimination lawsuit Monday in New York Supreme Court in Manhattan , alleging that coach Geno Auriemma followed her to her hotel room , grabbed her arm and tried to kiss her during a 2009 tournament trip to Russia with the women 's senior national team . Auriemma called the allegations "  beyond false , " pledging to defend himself "  to the fullest , " in a statement to CNN . "  I 'm confident that the truth will ultimately prevail , " he said in the statement delivered by USA Basketball . "  In the meantime , I remain focused on representing the United States this summer and getting our team ready to compete for the gold medal . " Hardwick , a former New York City detective and law school graduate , said she pushed the coach away and reported the incident , but said nothing was done , according to the lawsuit . "  What are you doing ? " the lawsuit says Hardwick yelled at Auriemma during the alleged encounter . "  You better check yourself before you get hurt ! " "  After being rebuffed  Auriemma  red-faced , turned and walked quickly back in the direction of the elevators , " according to the lawsuit . Later , she said Auriemma began to "  act vindictively towards her " and demanded that the National Basketball Association relieve her of her travel assignments with the squad , according to the lawsuit . She was ultimately told in March that she would not be overseeing security during this summer 's Olympics , the lawsuit said . "  Having received no prior complaints regarding performance of her  USA Basketball  related duties ,  Hardwick  was convinced ... Auriemma had exercised his influence through USAB and the NBA to retaliate against her for rejecting his prior sexual advance and causing him embarrassment and discomfort with her continued presence , " the lawsuit said . Auriemma , 58 , told The New York Times that prior to reviewing media reports , he had been "  unaware of this lawsuit . " Hardwick further alleges in the suit that she has been routinely discriminated against by the NBA , claiming she was denied promotions and raises because she is a woman , despite an extensive resume of experience , including working as a security official for the U.S. Olympic teams that competed in Athens in 2004 and in Beijing in 2008 . "  It 's baffling why she , a trained and experienced security director , would be removed from this assignment with two Olympics under her belt , " said Hardwick 's attorney , Randolph McLaughlin . The NBA , which was also named in the lawsuit , could not be reached for comment on the allegations . Ron Howard , a spokesman for the Women 's National Basketball Association , said his office does "  not comment on pending legal matters . " As it is our policy not to discuss pending legal matters , we will have no further comment while this case is active . " USA Basketball said in a statement that "  it is our policy not to discuss pending legal matters . " "  We will have no further comment while this case is active , " it said . Auriemma , who is also head coach of the University of Connecticut women 's basketball team , is considered among the nation 's top coaches , steering the Huskies to seven national titles over his 27 years with the team . He was named coach of the U.S. national team in 2009 , having been an assistant coach to the gold medalist 2000 team that competed in Sydney , Australia . The University of Connecticut was not available for comment regarding the lawsuit . CNN 's Rose Arce , Kristina Sgueglia , Nina Ibarra and Khara Lewin contributed to this report .	Kelley Hardwick , 46 , filed a lawsuit on Monday in state Supreme Court in Manhattan She alleges Auriemma followed her to her hotel room and tried to kiss her in 2009 After he was rebuffed , he demanded that she be removed from her assignment , the lawsuit says Auriemma calls the allegations "  beyond false , " pledging to defend himself "  to the fullest "
London  CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine the president of the International Olympic Committee on the "  naughty step , " forced to stay there until he had repented for his behavior . But that 's more or less what has happened . Jacques Rogge had to "  clarify "  in other words , backtrack on  his newsworthy comment that there was a "  question mark " over the suitability of McDonald 's and Coca-Cola as Olympic sponsors . Apparently he had actually first flagged his concerns four years ago , but the lure of sponsors ' cash far outweighed any considerations about growing obesity levels ... and apparently still does . However , now Rogge is far from alone in questioning high-calorie , high-sugar fast food brands sponsoring the Olympic and Paralympic Games . The Academy of Royal Medical Colleges made a high-profile intervention in April , specifically singling out sponsorship of the Games by junk food and fizzy drink firms as sending out the wrong health message . The London Assembly has also recently passed a motion calling for a ban on the sponsorship of the Games  and other sporting events  by such companies . Even the Financial Times , though not sharing that policy prescription , agrees Big Macs are not necessarily compatible with Olympic values and in an editorial backs changes to the way sponsors are selected and expected to behave . The media has , until now , been slow to pick up what health campaigners have understood for some time : there is public unease at some of the world 's biggest junk food manufacturers using the Olympics to heavily promote their unhealthy products at every opportunity , and especially to children . In fact , one might expect sentiment against the company to fall further , now the torch relay -- with its super-sized Coca-Cola trucks and brightly dressed assistants handing out free Coke samples and merchandise to children and their parents -- has passed through Britain 's streets . Parents ' worries about advertising and sponsorship undermining their efforts to encourage their children to eat healthily are supported by academic research . A systematic review commissioned by the Food Standards Agency and more recent studies have concluded that junk food promotions to children influences their food preferences , purchasing behavior and consumption , increasing their risk of serious illness in childhood and later life . The situation is made worse by the nature of the Olympic sponsorship deals , which dictate the Games ' experience for children far beyond the Olympic Park . The exclusive rights that McDonald 's , Coca-Cola and Cadbury 's have for branded food and soft drink products at the Games blocks brands and manufacturers which might offer healthier alternatives . Meanwhile , licensing agreements restrict the promotional use of the Olympic mascots Wenlock and Mandeville -- and thus access to their five-15-year-old target audience -- to these same official sponsors . Hence all the food tie-ins with the Olympic mascots are for chocolate and sweets . The sponsors try to sugar-coat their Olympic involvement with ever-grander sports and exercise schemes that they claim will make children more active . However , there is little evidence that these short-term pushes will have a lasting effect in increasing children 's physical activity levels . Moreover , the companies can not disguise one salient fact : no amount of free equipment and sporting initiatives will make unhealthy diets any less unhealthy . This is what makes McDonald 's , Coca-Cola and Cadbury 's such unsuitable Olympic sponsors . The Games are hugely valuable to the sponsors , which is why the merest sniff of unease from the IOC president is likely to provoke a fierce response , as they seek to protect their privileged position . The relationship should not be so imbalanced -- given that the IOC derives four times as much income from broadcasting rights as it does from sponsorship deals , it remains curiously reluctant to demand more from its global sponsors . Now is the time for the IOC to re-evaluate its policies and its highly-prized sponsorship deals . We must ensure that continued pressure from civil society will be felt by Jacques Rogge and his colleagues and give them the courage to make it happen . Four years ' time may be too late -- not only for the waistlines and health of citizens in 2014 and 2016 Olympic hosts Russia and Brazil , but also those in the emerging markets of Africa and Asia where Coca-Cola and McDonald 's are already ruthlessly exploiting opportunities to promote their products . CNN invited the sponsors named to respond to Malcolm Clark 's argument : Coca-Cola : "  As one of the longest , continuous sponsors of the Olympic Movement , we are proud that we are able to use our sponsorship to enable millions of people to experience the Games and believe we have a valid role to play . As well as sharing expertise , without the support of sponsors such as Coca-Cola , many National Olympic Committees would be unable to send athletes to compete . "  People consume many different foods and beverages , so no one single food or beverage alone is responsible for people being overweight or obese . We believe all of our drinks can be enjoyed as part of an active , healthy lifestyle that includes a sensible , balanced diet and regular physical activity . "  We are also helping people be physically active and our three-year partnership with StreetGames will connect 110,000 young people with sport and create a new generation of coaches . Coca-Cola sponsors more than 250 physical activity and nutrition education programs in more than 100 countries and we are committed to sponsoring a program in every country that we operate by the end of 2015 . " Jill McDonald , CEO , McDonald 's UK : "  As a popular restaurant with millions of families here in Britain , I know that parents care most about the quality of the food that we serve . They also expect us to behave responsibly in all that we do . Day in and day out we take those responsibilities seriously . "  Here in the UK we offer broad choice on our menu and clear , easy to understand information to help parents make the choices that are right for them and their children . We also have a long-term commitment to reducing fat , salt and sugar across our menu that has seen us cut the salt content of an average Happy Meal by 46 % over the last 10 years and the sugar content by 31 % . "  In our marketing we go beyond this country 's stringent regulatory requirements by finding fun ways to promote fruit and vegetables to children alongside organic milk or non-carbonated drinks . We also support hundreds of grassroots sports and volunteering programs across the UK through our long-term association with football and the Olympics . We are proud of our involvement with London 2012 and the responsible role we are playing in helping to make it an enjoyable Games and a great success . " Cadbury 's declined to comment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Malcolm Clark .	IOC president questions suitability of McDonald 's and Coke as Olympic sponsors Malcolm Clark says public unease is growing at promotion of unhealthy products Situation is made worse by the nature of the Olympic sponsorship deals , he argues Clark : Free equipment , sporting initiatives do not make unhealthy diets less unhealthy
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors are seeking the forfeiture of Bernard Madoff 's four homes and other assets after Madoff 's guilty plea to masterminding a massive investment fraud . Convicted investment swindler Bernard Madoff is shown in his federal mug shot . Madoff is in jail at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in lower Manhattan after pleading guilty to operating on the largest Ponzi schemes in history . He faces 150 years in prison when he is sentenced June 16 . Many of the assets are held in the name of Madoff 's wife , Ruth . That should not prevent the government from seizing them , said former federal prosecutor Bradley Simon of Simon & Partners . "  Since she was in the business , too , it 's going to be hard to show these assets came from another source other than through the business , " said Simon . "  It 's pretty easy to show this property derived from the proceeds of the illegal activity . They 'll be able to take every nickel from him . " The targeted assets include :  A Manhattan condominium valued at $ 7 million on East 64th Street , where Madoff was under house arrest for three months before his guilty plea .  Homes in Montauk , New York ; Palm Beach , Florida ; and Cap d'Antibes , France , as well as "  all insured and readily salable personal property " contained in the homes .  A yacht named Bull , docked in France ; three other boats and four automobiles : two Mercedes , one BMW and one Volkswagen .  A Steinway piano valued at $ 39,000 and a silverware set valued at $ 65,000 .  $ 17 million deposited at Wachovia Bank , $ 45 million in securities held at COHMAD Securities and Madoff 's interest in COHMAD Securities . Madoff defense attorney Daniel Horowitz said he had no comment . Madoff 's lawyers listed the assets in court papers filed Friday . They estimated his worth at up to $ 826 million . His business has an estimated worth of $ 700 million , according to the documents . Madoff was ordered to jail Thursday after pleading guilty to 11 criminal counts , admitting operating a Ponzi scheme estimated to have bilked thousands of investors out of billions of dollars .	Feds seek forfeiture of Bernard Madoff 's riches Bernard Madoff pleaded guilty to operating a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme Document filed with court : Madoff values his business at $ 700 million Some of the real estate listed is said to be bought by wife
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least nine people were killed and at least 72 others wounded Tuesday when four car bombs and a roadside bomb exploded in mostly Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad , police officials said . The first two attacks took place in Sadr City , an area in eastern Baghdad , police said . A car bomb exploded in al-Mudhafar Square , near a group of laborers who were waiting to be picked up for a daily job , police said . A few minutes later , a second car bomb exploded near a busy fuel station . Police said seven people were killed and 35 people were injured in the attacks in Sadr City , which is home to about 1.5 million people . A third car bomb exploded on a road in the al-Hurriya neighborhood in southwestern Baghdad , killing at least one person and wounding 13 others , police said . In a fourth attack , a roadside bomb wounded six people when it exploded near Adan Square in northwestern Baghdad . And a fifth explosion , a car bomb , blew up near an elementary school in the Shulaa neighborhood of northwestern Baghdad , police said . Two people were killed , and 18 others -- including some students from the elementary school -- were wounded . Since the beginning of this year , a wave of attacks in Iraq have killed almost 200 people . Most of those killed were Shiites marking Arbaeen , a Shiite pilgrimage at the end of a 40-day period commemorating the seventh century Imam Hussain , who was killed in a battle . The latest attacks raised concerns among ordinary people about the ability of Iraqi security forces to ensure security in this country , particularly after the United States withdrew troops by the end of 2011 . However , Iraqi people are more concerned now about the political crisis . Last week , Iraq 's Council of Ministers decided to ban members who are boycotting Cabinet meetings , a government spokesman said . The banned ministers will not be allowed to manage their ministries , according to spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh . Last month , the Sunni-backed Iraqiya party announced it would boycott parliament and Cabinet meetings , saying Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , a Shiite , was cutting the party out of the decision-making process . Iraqiya spokeswoman Maysoun Damluji said the Iraqiya bloc was not surprised by the prime minister 's move , calling it unconstitutional and illegal . Iraq 's political crisis deepened last year when a warrant was issued for Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who is accused of organizing his security detail into a death squad that targeted government and military officials . Al-Hashimi has denied the charges , saying the accusations are politically motivated amid the rivalry between his political bloc and al-Maliki 's Shiite majority bloc . In recent weeks , Iraq 's Kurdish president , Jalal Talabani , called for a "  national conference " to address the political crisis . But in the past week , a number of Sunni politicians who are members of Iraqiya bloc were arrested in Baghdad and Diyala province , officials with Iraqiya bloc said . Diyala 's deputy governor in charge of investment , Ghadban al-Khazraji , was arrested Friday by Iraqi security forces . Former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi recently accused al-Maliki of targeting al-Iraqiya members and deepening the political crisis . Allawi warned al-Maliki that if the national conference fails , he will have no choice but to call for changing the prime minister and call for early elections , or the Iraqiya bloc will completely withdraw from the political process -- a move that could bring Iraqi politics to complete standstill .	A blast near an elementary school kills two and injures 18 , including some students Five attacks take place in mostly Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad They include four car bombings and a roadside bomb attack Two explosions take place in Sadr City , an area in eastern Baghdad
CNN  -- "  Can you possibly let me have , at any rate , five hundred dollars to keep us out of the poor house ? " These are not the words you expect to hear from a man who designed one of the world 's most famous golf courses . Dr. Alister MacKenzie , the brains behind Augusta National 's revered contours and curves -- elegantly showcased each year by the Masters -- died pleading poverty in 1934 and begging for his fee . He never even saw his finished work before his death , which came less than three months before the first Masters tournament was held . "  I have been reduced to playing golf with four clubs , " he wrote in a letter to Augusta National , recorded in "  The Making of the Masters , " a book by David Owen commissioned by the club . "  I am at the end of my tether , no-one has paid me a cent since last June , we have mortgaged everything we have and have not yet been able to pay the nursing expenses of my wife 's operation . " MacKenzie , a physician turned golf architect , had embarked on a pilgrimage that had taken him from a modest town in northern England to the pacific coast in California . His journey incorporated a stint in the Boer War , which influenced his underpinning principles of course design , and saw his work evolve during the boom and bust years of the 1920s . By the time he was enlisted to build a championship course for all of America by its biggest sports star of the age , MacKenzie was the preeminent golf architect of his time . Bobby Jones had won the grand slam as an amateur in 1930 -- capturing all four major tournaments in the calendar year -- before he stunned the public by announcing his retirement aged just 28 . He determined to construct an exclusive golf course in the sun-blushed south of the United States that would offer him twin benefits : sanctuary from his fame and a healthy stream of income . But though Jones declared himself delighted with the finished product , and its architect trumpeted Augusta as his finest creation , MacKenzie was almost destitute by the time he died . He halved his fee to $ 5,000 in a bid to be paid quickly , but clawed back just $ 2,000 , with several other golf courses also slow to settle their debts . It was symptomatic of the financial difficulties Augusta encountered in its fledgling years , exacerbated by the Great Depression , a fact that seems inconceivable given the club 's towering strength in the present day . "  Augusta struggled a lot in the early years and found it very hard to attract members they wanted , " Adam Lawrence , editor of Golf Course Architecture magazine , told CNN . "  They were really struggling for money . MacKenzie did n't get full payment paid for his work at Augusta -- until he died he was writing letters asking perhaps they could send part of the fee . "  MacKenzie divorced his first wife and was living what would appear to be an expensive lifestyle in California . He was basically bankrupt when he died . "  There were a lot of golf architects from that time who were the same . Most seemed to be terrible businessmen and there were a few bad habits like too much booze flying around . " Humble beginnings MacKenzie 's portrait still watches over the course where his maverick design ideas were first put into practice over 100 years ago . Despite the odd tweak , Alwoodley Golf Club -- just outside the city of Leeds in the north of England -- still boasts many of the original characteristics conceived by the Scot . As Nick Leefe , secretary of the Alister MacKenzie Society , told CNN , the physician 's long-held affection for the game even permeated some of his diagnoses . "  How frequently have I , with great difficulty , persuaded patients who were never off my doorstep to take up golf , and how rarely , if ever , have I seen them in my consulting rooms again ! " MacKenzie is reported to have proclaimed . This love of golf sparked an interest in course architecture after a period serving during the Second Boer War , between the British and the South African Republic , at the turn of the 20th century . "  The attitude of the Boers towards camouflage got him interested in disguise and trickery , " Leefe explains . "  People suggest this is the reason he came back after the war and took an interest in golf design . " When a group of businessman joined together in 1907 to build Alwoodley , MacKenzie presented his designs and had them rubber-stamped by Harry Colt -- another famed architect of the age who worked as a consultant on the project . MacKenzie 's fundamental belief was that a good golf course should provide a stern test for a good player but not prove impossible for average players . Also included in his manifesto was an insistence that a player should be required to utilize a variety of shots to prosper and that every hole should have a different character where possible . Among the more eccentric attributes listed was the suggestion that though the course should be sufficiently undulating , there should be no hill climbing , and that a complete absence of irritation caused by looking for lost balls was preferable . "  Alwoodley is very proud indeed because we have the original MacKenzie design and we are very proud to introduce people to it , " Leefe says . "  MacKenzie was a pioneer and went on to become one of the best known architects of his time . He 's become much more famous after his death and the golfing public have realized what great courses he 's made . "  There are a lot of the original MacKenzie characteristics on show at Alwoodley . We try our best when we restore the course or renovate course to keep to the original design of which we have a copy . " Augusta National MacKenzie had carved a formidable reputation for himself by the time he left for the United States in 1926 . But it was his work on the Californian coast that would pique the interest of Bobby Jones and lead to his most memorable tender -- designing Augusta National . Many believe MacKenzie 's true masterpiece to be Cypress Point , which he designed to complement its proximity to the rugged Pacific Ocean coastline . By the time Jones had completed his first round on the Monterey Peninsula he vowed to employ MacKenzie to build his very own course . It seemed the logical choice , given how closely their vision for the ideal golf course was . "  We believe that no good golf hole exists that does not afford a proper and convenient solution to the average golfer and the short player , as well as to the more powerful and accurate expert , " Jones was reported as saying . But by the time $ 100,000 had been spent transforming an Augusta fruit plantation into a golf course , the political and financial landscape had changed dramatically thanks to the stock market crash of 1929 . The exuberant flourishes on show via a series of elaborate bunkers at Cypress Point and another of MacKenzie 's fabled courses -- Royal Melbourne in Australia -- gave way to a more modest design in which contour was king . "  Originally , Augusta was light on bunkers -- it has many more today than it used to have , " says Lawrence . "  Augusta was one of the very last things MacKenzie did before he died and it seems he was moving away from those flashy bunkers . "  He was working in a style that was appropriate of the era of depression when Augusta was built . It was n't about sand or water -- what defined it were the contours of the land . "  You can take a flag stick and put in a flat area and it 's a very easy golf hole ; you can put it behind a little hump and it 's an almost impossible golf hole . " The genius of Augusta In those early years of struggle , the notion of Augusta preparing to host the 78th installment of the Masters in 2014 would have seemed quite fanciful . As Owen reports in "  The Making of the Masters , " let alone having the funds to pay MacKenzie for his design , the club could barely cover its staff 's $ 200 weekly wage bill in the early 1930s . The idea to create a yearly tournament , initially called the Augusta National Invitational Tournament , helped stave off the threat of financial ruin and generated plenty of interest when Jones came out of retirement to play in the first one . But what really catapulted the club into the public 's consciousness was Gene Sarazen 's "  shot heard around the world " during the 1935 event . The American was trailing the leaders by three shots when his double eagle on the par-five 15th hole helped him cut the deficit with one stroke , paving the way for his eventual win in a playoff . That landmark moment is testament to the principals upon which MacKenzie 's design was built . Various tweaks over the years have stripped many of his original features from the course , most of them dictated by the modern player 's ability to hit the ball over a hundred yards further than their predecessors . But as Owen wrote : "  MacKenzie 's and Jones ' ideas about golf course design continue to define the Masters in ways that modern golf fans may not fully appreciate . " The pair 's commitment to break from the culture of golf design at the time -- which penalized poor shots harshly -- has engendered some of the greatest finishes in major golf . As Owen makes clear , the plentiful birdie and eagle opportunities down the closing stretch discourage any conservatism , as anyone in with a sniff of winning charges for the finish line . But it 's not just at Augusta that MacKenzie 's legacy is felt -- an estimated 100 clubs as far afield as Buenos Aires and Blackpool have been touch by his hand . "  MacKenzie is undoubtedly one of the most important figures in terms of the evolution of golf course design , " Lawrence says . "  Augusta , Cypress Point and Royal Melbourne are three courses that would typically be in the top 10 in the world in most rankings , and the fact all three courses have MacKenzie 's footprint is pretty impressive . " MacKenzie may be long gone , but he lives on in the soul of golf courses the world over . Explore : Augusta interactive	Alister MacKenzie , a physician turned golf architect , designed famed Augusta National course The Scot was enlisted to help by Bobby Jones , a multiple golf champion of the 1920s MacKenzie never received full payment for his work and died before first Masters was held Many of his design principles still permeate the course despite many changes over the years
New York  CNN  -- The Long Island Power Authority said Tuesday its customers -- many of them in areas hard-hit by Superstorm Sandy -- can wait for the next meter-reading cycle to pay their power bills . Customers also can make a partial payment reflecting what they think is appropriate , and then wait for the exact reading to pay the difference , LIPA spokeswoman Elizabeth Flagler said . The announcement came after outraged customers questioned why they were receiving electricity bills post-Sandy that reflected a full month 's use of electricity , even though many were without power for days or weeks . The utility had said Monday that it was sending out bills based on customers ' estimated usage of the same month last year , because it had reassigned its meter readers to help with power restoration efforts after Sandy . "  The  next actual meter reading will reflect the amount of electricity  customers  have used since  their  previous actual meter reading , and it will automatically adjust ... charges , " Flagler told CNN on Monday . Opinion : Let 's not forget Superstorm Sandy 's victims But LIPA customers such as Jonathan Saporta complained about receiving typical bills for electricity use during a month that was anything but typical . "  At this point , with a major disaster , with so many people losing so much of their livelihood , they ca n't go around to do estimated billing and hold all that money , " Saporta said . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast Flagler said that , in addition to delaying payment without late penalty or making a partial payment , customers can do the digital meter readings themselves and call it in to customer service to get a new bill that will be regenerated in two weeks . She did mention , however , that conducting the reading was difficult and that there is an educational video on LIPA 's website to address how to do it . Saporta said Monday he was having trouble getting in contact with LIPA , period . "  I ca n't even get them to acknowledge my existence on Earth rather than address what is what , " he said . "  Until I get some sort of clarification on what is owed and what is going to be done , I am going to continue ignoring them , " Saporta said . LIPA has been widely criticized for its communication with customers in weeks after Sandy . In the midst of complaints LIPA 's Chief Operating Officer Michael Hervey resigned earlier this month and Bruce Germano , the vice president of customer service , announced Monday that he will leave the utility at the end of the year . X. Cristofer Damianos , who served on the LIPA board , also stepped down , LIPA spokeswoman Flagler said . Flagler said the estimated billing this month was a direct response to Sandy , and not the way LIPA typical bills . "  All LIPA and national grid employees were reassigned to support elsewhere in efforts to restore power . That 's why the bills have been estimated , " she said . NJ governor puts Sandy damage at $ 29.4 billion "  It 's not the first time bills have been estimated . They were estimated last year after  Hurricane  Irene , " Flagler added . "  This is a pretty much what I believe all utilities do in the event of natural disasters and storms . " Staten Island : ` This storm is not anywhere near over ' CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	NEW : Utility says customers can delay paying power bills until the next meter-reading cycle Long Island Power Authority customers are getting typical monthly bills But many were without electricity for days or weeks after Superstorm Sandy The utility says it had to resort to basing bills on estimates because of the storm
CNN  -- When Christie 's launches the latest auction at its New York showroom this evening , gavels will fall . Prices , however , will almost certainly rise ... and rise . For its Post-war Masters and Contemporary Evening Sale , one of this year 's headline art auctions , Christie 's has on offer masterpieces including Francis Bacon 's Three Studies for a Portrait of John Edwards , Gerhard Richter 's Abstraktes Bild  712  , and Mark Rothko 's Untitled during a night expected to fetch well north of $ 200 million . Christie 's estimates that the Richter work will command a price of between $ 22 and $ 28 million , the Rothko between $ 40 and $ 60 million , and the Bacon triptych around $ 80 million . The house has reason to be upbeat with its estimates . On May 12 , during an auction titled "  If I Live I 'll See You Tuesday , " buyers from 26 countries splashed out on contemporary works by artists including Jean-Michel Basquiat , Jeff Koons and Richard Prince . Christie 's sold $ 134.6 million of art in an hour . Speaking to journalists after the show , Christie 's Chief Executive Officer Steven Murphy suggested that buyers from emerging markets are helping keep the market vibrant . "  The number of people around the world interested in acquiring art at all levels is exploding , " he said . "  We are not in a bubble . " Viola Raikhel-Bolot , the director of global art advisory firm 1858 Ltd Art Advisory , believes international buyers will turn out en masse for tonight 's auction . "  The place to buy post-war and contemporary art seems to remain New York , " she says . "  Collectors from Latin America and Asia frequent the galleries here and follow these sales very closely . " Read "  The dark side of creativity : Depression + anxiety x madness = genius ? " Boom times In recent years sales of fine art have trended in one direction : up . According to the annual report of the European Fine Art Fair , global sales of fine art and antiques jumped 7.5 % in 2013 to $ 65.5 billion , just under the all-time high set in 2007 . This includes auction sales and estimates of anonymous sales . In 2013 , Christie 's tallied more than $ 7 billion in sales , breaking its own record for the fourth consecutive year . In November 2013 , a Christie 's auction in New York brought in $ 782,368,375 , the highest auction series in art market history . Jeff Koons 's Balloon Dog sold for $ 58.4 million , making it the most valuable work sold at auction by a living artist and at the same auction , Francis Bacon 's triptych of Lucian Feud , sold for $ 142 million . Andrew Renton , director of London 's Marlborough Contemporary gallery and a professor of curating at Goldsmiths College at the University of London , points out that there are many more deals going on in private , and that some likely outstrip existing records . "  We 've got an economic model which is slightly contradictory , " Renton says . "  Prices seem to set the value . Overpaying is almost the best thing you can do , because you start to define your own market . " But this is n't a free-for-all . He believes buyers with deep pockets want superlative works that delve into our psyche . "  Bacon works on that model , " he says . "  He gets into the soul of the anxious human being . And in Rothko the abstraction is a reflection of the darkness and the contemporary condition . "  People talk about these things in monetary terms . You do n't get to that monetary value unless there is a correlation with cultural value . " As classic works become more scarce , their value will continue to rise -- as will the hoopla surrounding them . "  I do not believe there is a price ceiling , " Renton says . "  In our lifetime we will see a billion dollar work of art . "	Insiders believe that we will see a billion-dollar piece of art in our lifetime Last year Christie 's sold more than $ 7 billion of fine art , breaking its all-time record Global sales of fine art reached $ 65.5 billion in 2013
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo grabbed his seventh hat-trick of the season as Real Madrid won the capital derby against Atletico 4-1 Wednesday . The emphatic victory restored Real 's four-point lead over Barcelona , who had closed up with a 4-0 drubbing of Getafe the previous night . Ronaldo 's incredible scoring season continued as he put Jose Mourinho 's men ahead on 25 minutes with a thunderous free kick from 25 meters out that dipped over the wall and left goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois stranded . Karim Benzema wasted a great chance to put Real further ahead before Colombia striker Radamel Falcao 's fine header on 55 minutes drew Atletico level in the Bernabeu . But Ronaldo proved the inspiration again as he turned in the penalty area before shooting home on 68 minutes with another swerving , dipping shot . Gonzalo Higuain was pulled down to win Real a penalty and Ronaldo struck it home for his 52nd goal this season with seven minutes left -- the 40th in 32 league games for the Portugal star , equaling the record he set last year with six matches still to play . He moved one ahead of Lionel Messi 's La Liga tally , though Barcelona 's three-time world player of the year has reached 61 goals in total this season . Ronaldo , the world 's most expensive player , then set up substitute Jose Callejon to complete the home scoring as Real secured their second 4-1 win of the season over Atletico . "  We were a little tense because Barcelona won yesterday and we were forced to win , so mission accomplished . We have to win our remaining games to increase our chances of winning the title , " Ronaldo said after the match . "  The team is in good form , confident and ready for its next game . I 've been one booking short of a suspension for two months , but I 'm behaving myself . " In the English Premier League title race , leaders Manchester United were stunned 1-0 at struggling Wigan Wednesday to give chasing Manchester City a glimmer of hope . Defending champions United had gone into the night 's fixtures with an eight-point lead and with the title all but conceded by their city rivals . But Shaun Maloney 's 50th-minute winner for Roberto Martinez 's battlers breathed new life into the race . City thrashed West Bromwich Albion 4-0 at the Etihad Stadium to cut United 's lead to five points with five games to go . One of those fixtures sees City host United on April 30 , a likely title decider . United took until deep into the second half to conjure up a shot on goal against Wigan , who moved out of the relegation zone at the expense of Bolton . Maloney curled a superb shot past De Gea to seal a deserved three points . "  It was a disappointing night for us , we were second to every ball in the first half and we were completely dominated by Wigan , " said United manager Alex Ferguson . City boss Roberto Mancini , beaten 1-0 by Arsenal on Sunday , gave Carlos Tevez his first start since returning to the squad after a three-month absence and the striker rewarded him with a goal . Sergio Aguero had already scored twice before halftime , then Tevez struck on the hour after being set up by his fellow Argentine . David Silva scored the fourth . In other action , Arsenal continued their superb late run with a 3-0 win at rock bottom Wolves to tighten their grip on third place . Robin van Persie opened the scoring from the penalty spot , his league-leading 27th goal this season , after on-loan Tottenham defender Sebastien Bassong was sent off for pulling the Dutchman down . England forward Theo Walcott and Israel midfielder Yossi Benayoun grabbed the other goals . In the relegation battle , Queens Park Rangers improved their hopes of EPL survival with a 3-0 win over Swansea at Loftus Road .	Real Madrid win city derby against Atletico 4-1 Win restores four-point lead over Barcelona EPL leaders Manchester United lose at Wigan Manchester City cut the gap to five points at the top
CNN  -- An estimated 13,000 Congolese civilians threatened by fierce fighting and gruesome attacks have fled to neighboring Uganda over the past two days and more are expected , the United Nations ' refugee agency said in a news release Thursday . Congolese Anosiate Nyirahabineza holds her son Jeremiah in Kampala , Uganda , in June . The agency said the people fled from villages in the besieged province of North Kivu , in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , where fighting between rebels and government troops has prompted the displacement of 250,000 people since August . The staff of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in the southwestern Uganda town of Ishasha said the people crossed into Uganda from Congo 's Rutshuru district . Since August , about 27,000 civilians have escaped to Uganda , which now hosts more than 150,000 refugees from countries in the region . The U.N. agency said the latest refugees are reporting many attacks and atrocities . It quoted a 25-year-old named Daudi , who said , "  The assailants killed everybody in my village . They took the young boys with them and killed all the rest of the population . It 's a miracle that my wife and I managed to escape . " He said one of his two children was separated from the family and it is not known where he is . Another villager said rebels who attacked his village "  killed all the women , even pregnant women , " the U.N. agency said .	13,000 Congolese have fled into Uganda in past two days , U.N. says Refugees report massacres , atrocities in their villages by rebels Neighboring Uganda now hosts some 150,000 refugees from countries in the region
CNN  -- Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , made its own history Tuesday as its homicide rate reached 3,000 deaths for the year -- 10 times the number of killings annually that the border city counted just a few years ago . With two weeks left in the year , 2010 is now the deadliest year Juarez has ever seen , a spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office told CNN . "  At 12:15 p.m. we hit 3,000 murders for the year . The state attorney general 's office had the number at 2,998 as of Monday and with the two murders today that brings us to 3,000 , " spokesman Arturo Sandoval said in a phone interview with CNN late Tuesday . The killings happened in two separate incidents , according to Sandoval . One of the victims was found shot dead in a car and the other was shot and killed in front of relatives . The victims , 35 and 46 respectively , were both males , Sandoval said . Before a spasm of drug-related violence hit the city in 2008 , the bloodiest year in Juarez was around 300 , according to Sandoval . "  Last year we had 2,656 . The year before in 2008 it was around 1,500 and in 2007 we had about 300 , " he said . "  Can you imagine ? "	In 2007 , Juarez recorded about 300 homicides As of Tuesday , the count for 2010 was 3,000 Drug-related violence hit the city in 2008 and the death toll has skyrocketed since
CNN  -- FIFA and World Cup host nation Brazil are on a collision course over whether alcohol should be served in stadiums during the 2014 finals . Legislation passed by the Brazilian government in 2003 prohibits the sale of all alcohol in football arenas . And with beer company Budweiser one of FIFA 's main sponsors for the tournament , this creates a problem for football 's world governing body . Will Africa 's new stars shine at Cup of Nations ? FIFA has been battling for a change in the Brazilian law , with General Secretary Jerome Valcke currently in the South American nation to press for progress on new legislation . However , some members of the Brazilian Congress are campaigning for the law to remain the same , a situation which is complicating arrangements for the month-long soccer showpiece . FIFA beer battle about cash , not game The situation looks set to rumble on , although FIFA sent CNN a statement saying it believes the law will be changed very soon . "  The selling of beer in stadiums is part of the fan culture and will also be part of the 2014 FIFA World Cup , " the statement said . "  It is important to note that the sale of alcohol will be limited to beer only as was done at all previous FIFA World Cups . "  We are confident that we will be able to solve the very few open matters and close the chapter of the 2014 Bill by March 2012 , so we can then focus on the operational aspects of staging the FIFA Confederations Cup in 18 months from now and then the 2014 FIFA World Cup . " The statement continued : "  At this point let us stress again that our requirements have not changed since 2007 when President Lula signed the government guarantees and are actually the same as we request from any other FIFA World Cup host in past . " Brazilian Minister for Sports Aldo Rebelo echoed FIFA 's statement , telling CNN : "  The FIFA World Cup bill is a compromise the country committed to when it was bidding for hosting the event . "  It is important to note Brazil asked to host this event and at the time we agreed with all the requirements . Our goal was to have the bill approved by end of last year , so in terms of law we are not as far ahead as we are in terms of stadiums . "  We need to move on and fasten up and I am confident that by March we can complete this . " The delay in changing the alcohol legislation is not the first time Brazil and FIFA have seemingly been at loggerheads since the five-times World Cup winners were awarded the tournament . The Brazilian government is in dispute with FIFA over the issue of cut-price tickets for senior citizens and students , while FIFA has still not received the assurances it was seeking over sponsors having their trademarks protected .	FIFA and Brazil at loggerheads over the sale of alcohol at 2014 World Cup Legislation banning all alcohol in Brazilian stadiums was passed in 2003 Brazil agreed to sell beer in hosting arenas when they were awarded finals Brewers Budweiser are one of FIFA 's main sponsors for the 2014 tournament
CNN  -- Sergio Aguero scored twice on his Manchester City debut as Roberto Mancini 's men thrashed Swansea 4-0 in their English Premier League opener Monday . The Argentina international had just come on as a second half substitute when he struck the second for City . Causing havoc in the Swansea defense , Aguero then cleverly set up David Silva for the third . A thumping shot for the fourth rounded off a spectacular first match for Aguero and completed a miserable night for promoted Swansea . Edin Dzeko opened the scoring for the home side just before the hour mark after a goalless first half . The victory takes City joint top with Bolton in the early standings as they attempt to wrest the Premier League title from city rivals Manchester United . Mancini was delighted by Aguero 's performance , but warned he will improve . "  I think he needs to recover as he only finished the Copa America three weeks ago , " he told Sky Sports . "  He needs another two to three weeks to be 100 % , maybe . For me he ` s a fantastic striker , young , and he ` s going to be a fantastic player for us . " The result was a little harsh on Brendan Rogers ' Swansea , who played neat and containing football in the first half , but their goalkeeper Michel Vorm was kept busy and Gareth Barry was denied by the woodwork as the home side pressed . In other English Premier League news Monday , Tottenham striker Robbie Keane is to join David Beckham at Los Angeles Galaxy on a two-year deal . Keane , who is the the 10th-leading goal scorer in the history of the Premier League , has been capped 110 times by the Republic of Ireland . He has fallen out of favor at Tottenham and spent the end of last season on loan at relegated West Ham . "  I am delighted , honored and very excited to be joining the LA Galaxy , " Keane told their official web site . "  I have always wanted to come and play in MLS so it 's the perfect combination for me and a dream come true . "	Sergio Aguero scores twice on his debut for Manchester City in 4-0 win over Swansea Argentina striker Aguero came on as second half substitute at Eastlands Edin Dzeko and David Silva get other goals for the home side Robbie Keane to join Los Angeles Galaxy from Tottenham Hotspur
CNN  -- Homer wo n't have to leave home after all , as "  The Simpsons " and Fox agreed Friday to extend the animated series ' run into a 24th and 25th season , the network said in a press release . While details of the deal were n't announced , it is widely expected that the show 's producers and voice-actors will go home with less dough than they had in their previous contract . Yet it 's likely that there will be plenty for doughnuts and Duff beer for Homer , Marge , Bart and company as they prowl the bars , nuclear reactors and other happening locales around Springfield . Twentieth Century Fox Television acknowledged to CNN earlier this week that they were working toward an agreement , while saying future shows could n't be made "  under its current financial model . " There was no mention of those talks Friday , beyond news of the agreement . The two-season renewal means that "  The Simpsons , " already the longest-running scripted show in the history of television , is scheduled to air 559 episodes . That includes its 500th next February . The show began as an segment on Fox 's "  The Tracey Ullman Show , " as the creation of Matt Groening , who still helps helm the program . Two years later , in 1989 , it earned its own spot in the network 's lineup . "  The Simpsons " has enticed dozens of guest stars over the past 22 years , from regulars like Kelsey Grammer as "  Sideshow Bob " to shorter stints from the likes of Sting , Michael Jackson , Tom Hanks , Jay Leno , Kid Rock and many others . It also earned 27 Emmy awards , has earned a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was named by Time magazine as the "  best show of the 20th century . " ` Simpsons ' deal : ` Homer ' sells home to ` Moe ' Along the way , the quirky , ageless family has also infiltrated , as much as it reflected , American culture . The show 's next new episode -- the "  Treehouse of Horrors XXII , " the latest in its annual Halloween-themed installments -- will air at 8 p.m. ET Sunday , October 30 , according to Fox .	Fox and "  The Simpsons " crew had been in negotiations , threatening future shows On Friday , Fox announces that the animated series will continue for 2 more seasons "  The Simpsons " has won 27 Emmys and was named Time 's best show of the century
CNN  -- Australia 's High Court on Wednesday rejected an extradition request from Hungary for a suspected Nazi war criminal , ending a legal battle that began in 2005 . Charles Zentai and two fellow Hungarian soldiers allegedly beat a Jewish teenager to death in November 1944 for failing to wear the yellow Star of David . They are thought to have thrown the victim 's body into the Danube River in the Hungarian capital , Budapest . In a 5-1 decision , the court ruled that Zentai could not be extradited because "  war crime " did not exist as a legal offence in Hungary in 1944 , according to Australian media reports . In doing so , it upheld a 2010 Australian federal court ruling against an extradition order approved by former home affairs minister Brendan O'Connor in 2009 . Hungary issued an international arrest warrant and extradition request for Zentai in 2005 . Zentai , now 90 , has maintained his innocence , arguing that he left Nazi-occupied Budapest before the crime occurred . He was tracked down by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in 2004 as part of the Jewish human rights organization 's "  Operation : Last Chance . " As of April , he is listed among the organization 's top ten most wanted Nazi criminals , for participating in "  manhunts , persecution , and murder of Jews in Budapest in 1944 . " A resident of Perth in Western Australia , he has reportedly been living in the country since 1950 and is a naturalized Australian citizen . In 2010 : War crimes suspect averts extradition from Australia	Australia 's highest court rejected extradition request from Hungary for suspected Nazi war criminal Charles Zentai allegedly beat Jewish teen to death in 1944 for failing to wear Star of David High Court ruled against request because "  war crime " was not legal offence in Hungary in 1944 A naturalized Australian citizen , Zentai has maintained his innocence
Krobo , Ghana  CNN  -- A new generation of Ghanaians are rediscovering their heritage -- and rediscovering the appeal of traditional beads . Many Ghanaians used to associate beads with an old-fashioned coming-of-age ritual for girls . But not anymore . Tairee , a student at the University of Ghana , is proud to wear traditional beads . "  It 's coming back into fashion , " she told CNN . "  People can actually wear them on their necks and as parts of their clothing . I do n't think they are old fashioned . It 's coming back . " But it 's not just women who are fans . Masoom , another University of Ghana student , said he thought women looked good in beads . "  It 's attractive , " he told CNN . "  They -LSB- women -RSB- are more African when they wear their beads than usual . Especially when they wear it around their waist ; it brings out the shape of their waist , and it 's real attractive . " Rwanda lives rugby dream in Hong Kong According to a local market trader , the bead revival is a sign that young Ghanaians are experiencing what she called "  sankofa . " "  There 's a culture of ` sankofa : ' Go back and retrieve what you 've left behind , " said bead-shop owner Ernestina Anafu . "  There was a period when they -LSB- young people -RSB- shunned beads ; they said it was archaic , it was no longer fashionable . Since this period of ` sankofa ' people are going traditional again . " Beads have a long history in Ghana . They were once the king 's currency , according to E.B.T. Sikapa , an organizer for the first Ghana International Beads Festival . He told CNN that beads were once exchanged for slaves , alcoholic drinks , and textiles . Central African Gorillas may become extinct While beads are no longer used as currency , they are still valuable to Ghana . The Ghanaian government has recognized the potential of the bead industry as a tourist attraction and in foreign trade . Kati Torda , owner of Sun Trade Beads , has seen her exports -- mostly to Europe -- increase from five-percent of her revenue eight years ago , to 50 percent last year . Now she 's looking to grow her business even more as she expands her product lines . "  Because of that new potential , we do n't just produce necklaces and bracelets , we produce home decoration , " Torda told CNN . "  Of course , the potential is endless . " At a local market , some of the beads on sale are over 100 years old , recovered from burial grounds . But there are other , less ghoulish , forms of recycling being used , with some beads produced from recycled materials such as glass bottles . "  Ghana can teach a thing or two to the world about recycling , " said Torda . But the new-found popularity of beads is n't just about giving old materials a new lease of life -- it 's about breathing new life into traditional ideas . "  They -LSB- the beads -RSB- mean so much to me , " Tairee told CNN . "  It 's not just colors . Where I 'm from , if you wear something like blue it 's purity , white is fertility , gold is wealth . I know what it means , so its so precious to me . " CNN 's Richard Lui and Mark Tutton contributed to this report	Young Ghanaians are rediscovering traditional beads The government is trying to promote the country 's bead industry Some beads are made from recycled materials , including glass bottles
CNN  If newly revised NYPD training materials are approved by a federal judge , new cadets could be taking courses reminding them "  not to engage in racial profiling . " The proposed training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor Peter Zimroth , were submitted to Manhattan Federal Court judge Analisa Torres on Monday for approval . They include directives to "  not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes " and to "  not imitate the speech patterns " of others . "  Do not engage in racial profiling , " the training materials read . "  It is against the law . It violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms . It violates this Department 's policies . It is offensive . It violates your responsibility to treat people equally . It diverts us from catching real criminals . It alienates us from people who need us , and hurts our ability to do our job . You can probably think of other reasons not to do it , but the point is that you will not do it . " The training notes also instruct new cadets "  not to use terms or words that devalue groups of people or stereotype them " and "  not to imitate speech patterns of other racial , ethnic and class groups when communicating cross culturally " because "  they appear disingenuous , artificial , and possibly racist . " The revised training notes , which include 140 pages of instruction and PowerPoint slides , are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the New York Police Department 's "  Stop , Question and Frisk " practice unconstitutional . The NYPD has said the policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they consider suspicious -- was used to deter crime . The practice had been widely criticized . Police Department figures showed that nearly nine out of 10 people "  stopped and frisked " in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic , though New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has said 90 % of those stopped were innocent . "  The current training materials had not undergone a comprehensive review for some time ... -LSB- and -RSB- did not address some important subjects or account for some changes in NYPD policies and law , " Zimroth wrote in a cover letter to Torres . "  All parties agreed it was essential that the materials be rewritten for the current class to reflect current law and policy . " The NYPD collaborated with Zimroth 's team in crafting the final training materials . They will now "  review their implementation in terms of our current and ongoing practices , " said an NYPD spokesperson in an email to CNN . The Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association declined to comment . The materials also provide historical legal information on proper "  stops " and offers detailed procedures for patrolling buildings for criminal activity . They also give instructions on how an officer should lawfully conduct him or herself when engaging with the public . "  Remember that a courteous , professional and respectful police officer who illustrates the opposite of bias and discrimination helps create a partnership with the community and builds rapport with the people in it . "  The result is that the citizens become our allies and , in turn , policing becomes safer and easier . This enhances our effectiveness and increases our pride and pleasure in what we do , " the notes read . If approved , the new training materials will be integrated into the class curriculum for the current class of cadets . They are expected to graduate in June .	The training materials are a result of a 2013 ruling declaring "  Stop , Question and Frisk " unconstitutional They read that racial profiling "  is offensive . ... It diverts us from catching real criminals "
Propelled by fourth-quarter attendance , SeaWorld expects an estimated $ 1.46 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2013 , the company announced Monday . The results , while preliminary , are expected to be a record for the 50-year-old company . SeaWorld reported total revenue in 2012 of $ 1.42 billion , according to SEC filings . Strong attendance numbers at its flagship locations in Orlando , Florida , San Diego , California and San Antonio , Texas , among others , helped boost the marine park 's gains , despite criticism sparked by a recent documentary that raised questions about killer whales in captivity . "  Blackfish , " directed by Gabriela Cowperthwaite and acquired by CNN at the Sundance Film Festival , first aired on October 24 . Since then , at least nine musical acts , including Trace Adkins , Willie Nelson , Trisha Yearwood , Heart , Cheap Trick and Barenaked Ladies , have canceled planned concert appearances at the park while other artists , such as Joan Jett and Edgar Winter , have asked that their music no longer be used in shows featuring the sound-sensitive orcas . SeaWorld has said "  Blackfish " focuses on only a handful of events from the park 's history and ignores its contributions to education , preservation and animal research . In a news release , the company noted SeaWorld 's animal rehabilitation program has rescued more than 23,000 animals as of late last year . "  We are very pleased with our fourth quarter performance , particularly for the SeaWorld-branded parks in Orlando and San Diego , which helped us to achieve record revenue for the year , " said SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. . President and CEO Jim Atchison in a news release . "  The success of the SeaWorld parks in 2013 suggests that the extraordinary experience offered in these parks is as meaningful today as at any point in our history . But as strong as last year was for us , we are looking forward to another great year in 2014 . "	Preliminary results suggest SeaWorld will have $ 1.46 billion in revenue , a record Attendance numbers , particularly in 4th quarter , boost 50-year-old company 's gains "  Blackfish " raised questions about captive orcas , resulting in concert cancellations SeaWorld says rehabilitation program has rescued more than 23,000 animals
CNN  -- About this time last year , many American families were sharing Thanksgiving leftovers and curious conversations about a traffic accident involving the world 's most famous golfer . Almost a year has passed since the Tiger Woods ' car accident outside his Florida home that spiraled into a sex scandal that dominated headlines , ended his marriage and caused him to take a break from golf . While his story last year was filled with scandal , talk around the Thanksgiving table this year may be more about redemption . "  Obviously , this has been a very difficult year for me and my family , on and off the golf course , " Woods wrote this week on his official website . The Thanksgiving-weekend accident last year outside the couple 's home in Florida shattered Woods once tightly-controlled image and led to the golfer 's admission that he had engaged in multiple affairs during his nearly six-year marriage . Authorities were alerted of the crash near Woods ' Orlando-area home the morning after Thanksgiving . An initial police report said Woods pulled out of his driveway in a 2009 Cadillac SUV and struck a fire hydrant . Woods ' wife told the police that she used a golf club to break out the rear window of the vehicle , then pulled the golfer from the SUV after she heard the accident from inside their home . The golfer suffered minor injuries from the single-vehicle accident and was treated and released from a hospital . But his problems were only beginning . On November 28 , a day later , Woods declines to talk to the Florida highway patrol troopers about the accident . Police say Woods was found on the street unconscious after the crash . On November 30 , Woods releases a statement praising his wife and saying the accident is a "  private matter . " He declines to talk to Florida highway patrol troopers for a third time . On December 2 , Woods apologizes for "  transgressions " that "  let his family down " -- the same day a gossip magazine publishes a report alleging he had an affair . On December 8 , Woods ' mother-in-law is admitted to a hospital with stomach pains after a 911 call from the golfer 's home . On December 12 , Woods announces that he is taking "  an indefinite break " from professional golf , according to a statement posted on his website . "  I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people , most of all my wife and children , " the statement says . Woods has returned to golf and spoke recently on his website about the changes in his life . "  I got through the year , and I 'm in a much better place than I was a year ago and my life has balance , " he said .	Almost a year has passed since the Tiger Woods ' car accident The crash spiraled into a sex scandal that dominated headlines It later ended his marriage and caused him to take a break from golf
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Guerrillas in Colombia tortured and killed 17 Indians who they believed were helping the government , a governor and two human rights organizations said Wednesday . Marxist rebels with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as FARC , swept into a village in southwest Colombia last week and abducted an undetermined number of Awa Indians , Human Rights Watch said . The guerrillas tortured and killed 17 Awas , including at least two minors , the human rights group said . Another human rights group , the National Indigenous Organization of Colombia , or ONIC , also reported the allegations . Navarro Wolff , the governor of Narino province , where the Awas live , decried the reported killings . "  The guerrillas took several families , recriminating them for their supposed collaboration with the army , " Wolff told El Pais newspaper . "  A young man was able to escape and told how he had been tied . Later , they tortured him , they beat him and they killed eight with with a knife . " Nine other villagers also were executed , unconfirmed reports said . The allegations are based partly on the information provided by the young man who said he escaped . Human Rights Watch also said it received reports from "  reliable sources , " whom the organization did not name . "  These cruel killings violate the most basic principles of human decency and dignity , " said Jose Miguel Vivanco , the Americas director at Human Rights Watch . "  There is no possible excuse or justification for these horrific actions . " The remote village is a 12-hour trip away from the nearest large town , and no independent verification has been obtained . Besides the unforgiving terrain , the presence of land mines and the existence of numerous armed groups virtually prevent outsiders from visiting the area . Monsignor Ruben Salazar Gomez , the president of the Episcopal Conference of Colombia , joined the chorus of criticism , alleging a "  crime the whole country should condemn . " Another religious leader said the Awa need protection . "  We are very worried about the Awa community , " said Monsignor Gustavo Giron Higuita , the bishop of the city of Tumaco . "  It is a community that is pretty unprotected and that in the past five years has received a type of persecution by armed groups . " The prelate said that although there were indications that the FARC was behind the killings , "  we are not certain of that , " El Pais said . The Awas , he said , "  are pacifist , want respect of their organization and want to regain their traditions . We have been accompanying them in this process , and that 's why this hurts so much . " New York-based Human Rights Watch said group members have made numerous visits to Narino , which is one of Colombia 's 32 departments , or states . Narino is in southwest Colombia , on the Pacific Ocean and the border with Ecuador . The area has a heavy presence of various armed groups and Colombian military forces , and has among the worst human rights conditions in Colombia , the human rights group said . The Awa territories have been particularly affected . The Colombian government has issued a "  risk report , " warning authorities that civilians in the region are at risk . The FARC is said to have "  confined " some villages , cutting them off from the outside world and not allowing anyone to enter or leave . In another report Wednesday , ONIC , the indigenous human rights group in Colombia , said the FARC has abducted 120 Awas since February 4 . ONIC said the FARC kidnapped 20 Awa men , women and children February 4 from the Barbacoas area in Narino . The rebels returned the next day and grabbed children who had remained behind , ONIC said , according to Caracol Radio . ONIC also reported that a number of Awa had been knifed to death . The FARC , the largest and oldest guerrilla group in Colombia , has been waging war against the government since the 1960s . Security analysts say the FARC has 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion , kidnappings , bombings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador .	Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia accused of torture , slayings FARC guerillas killed the Indians for helping the Army , governor reportedly said Allegations are based in part on information from man who said he escaped Human rights group in Colombia says FARC has abducted 120 Awas since February
Mikhail Kalashnikov , the Russian gun designer whose AK-47 rifle became the weapon of choice for many national armies and guerrillas around the world , died Monday , the Kremlin announced on its website . He was 94 . Kalashnikov designed his first machine gun in 1942 after suffering injuries as a tank commander for the Soviet Union 's Red Army during World War II , but it was n't until 1947 -- after years of tweaks -- that the AK-47 was introduced for Soviet military service . The weapon , recognizable by its banana-shaped ammunition magazine , became known for its simple effectiveness . It was easy to use and maintain , and it was reliable in extreme conditions , be they hot , cold , wet or sandy . From the early 1950s , it became the standard weapon for Soviet and Warsaw Pact countries , according to IHS Jane 's . The gun also proved popular with paramilitary groups : It was so successful in Mozambique 's successful rebel movement of the 1960s and 1970s that its image appears in the national flag . Russia stopped producing AK-47 models in the late 1960s , but production of variants continued there and in other countries . The Guinness World Records book recognized the AK-47 -- AK being a Russian acronym for "  Kalashnikov 's machine gun " and 47 standing for its debut year -- as the world 's most common machine gun . Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday "  expressed his deepest condolences to the family of Mikhail Kalashnikov in connection with his death , " a post on the Kremlin 's website read . In 2009 , Kalashnikov told CNN that two main qualities described the AK-47 : simplicity and reliability . "  It is very important because a soldier does n't have university degrees , " he said . "  He needs a simple and reliable weapon . Just as an academic , for that matter , in a combat situation . There 's simply no time to figure how to operate a complicated weapon and press many buttons when the enemy is advancing on you . " He said the question he hated most was whether he felt sorry about the hundreds of thousands of people that were killed as a result of his invention . He had a standard answer : "  I 've designed my weapon to defend the borders of our Fatherland , and let it continue to serve this purpose . " In 2011 , Izhmash , the Russian manufacturer of the AK-47 family of weapons , said it was abandoning the design in favor of a new one for its next-generation assault rifles . Kalashnikov 's 90th birthday , in November 2009 , was celebrated in Russia nearly like a national holiday . In a televised Kremlin ceremony , then-President Dmitry Medvedev decorated him with the country 's highest order , the Hero of Russia .	Mikhail Kalashnikov developed AK-47 after serving as Soviet tank commander in World War II Guinness recognized AK-47 as the world 's most common machine gun Simplicity , reliability were hallmarks of gun , Kalashnikov told CNN in 2009
We journalists tend to think of ourselves as public servants , but we sure do n't act like it all the time . The institution has one foot firmly planted in elitism : Editors know what you need to know before you know you need to know it . It would be foolish to think that -- gasp ! -- the public could help decide what matters . But things do n't have to be that way , right ? We 're better people when we work together . It 's in a spirit of democracy and inclusion that I 'm asking you to vote on the stories I should cover over the course of the next 12 months for a new CNN project called Change the List . It 's not that I do n't have ideas about what I 'd like to do , or that the views of professional journalists do n't matter . They do . It 's that I also trust your judgment and I want to write about issues you find important . Vote here : You pick it , CNN covers it I also want you to participate in every part of the storytelling . With help from lots of smart people , I 've selected 20 story ideas I think are worthy of your attention . Each highlights an extreme case : The country with the least access to toilets ; the state with the highest incarceration rate ; the nation where malaria is deadliest ; the place where 1 in 100 live births kills the mother ; the country where the largest number of new leprosy cases is diagnosed each year ; the one country that ranks below North Korea on free speech . The goal , as the name Change the List suggests , is to start a conversation that could -- just maybe , and over time -- bump these places off the bottom of the list . It 's a project that supports the world 's underdogs . The aim is n't to shame the places at the bottom of the list ; it 's to give them a megaphone and support . Go to the Change the List homepage -- http://cnn.com/changethelist -- to pick your top five stories from the list of 20 before voting closes on Monday , June 17 . Think of this as your chance to be a CNN assignment editor . You 're my boss , in fact .  Dear people who pay me : Please keep doing that ?  And as my new  and hopefully benevolent  Internet-based overlord , you have every right to tell me these 20 ideas are junk . Instead of firing me , I 'd ask that you send me an e-mail  ctl@cnn.com  or a note on Twitter  @jdsutter  with an idea for a story you think is more important or interesting . We 're going to include a sixth wild-card choice in the coverage plan -- and , while CNN 's editors will have the final say , that idea could come from you . Since I hope you 'll take me on as an employee , I should probably tell you a little bit about myself . I 've been at CNN for more than four years now , covering all sorts of topics , from video gaming in South Korea to prisons in Norway and slavery in Mauritania . If there 's one thing this place has taught me it 's that stories are more powerful , memorable and meaningful when you participate in them . I saw this last month when strangers on Twitter helped me navigate a somewhat treacherous walk through the 17-mile path of an Oklahoma tornado . I was n't alone on that two-day trek . I was on a journey with dozens of new friends . " @jdsutter maybe I should tweet you a picture of the bottom of my foot as an example of why tetanus shots are important ? " And I saw it after dozens of CNN iReporters sent in "  messages of hope " to former and escaped slaves in Mauritania , which I visited in 2011 . Support videos came from all over : from Saudi Arabia to South Korea , California to Kentucky . "  I want you to know that all of us are so proud of you ... , " one woman said to the group of former slaves , who were taking classes in Mauritania 's capital . And I saw it last year when a videographer , Edythe McNamee , and I did the pilot for Change the List . We featured Hawaii , the U.S. state with the lowest voter turnout rate . Less than half of Hawaii 's residents voted in the 2008 presidential election . We were n't able to change that in one month , of course , but we did get people talking . Hawaii tied West Virginia for 49th place in voter turnout in the November 2012 election . And , more meaningfully for me , three of the six nonvoters we featured as part of a story called "  Convince me to vote ! " ended up voting because of messages CNN 's readers sent to them via social media . "  I feel good about it , " one man said of his decision to vote for the first time . It 's journalism with an agenda . I 'm not ashamed of that . The main agenda is for your voice to be heard -- and for us to work together to amplify the voices of people that are n't often heard in the news . And it starts with a vote . So tell me , boss . What should we cover ?	Vote on which of these stories you like best and CNN will cover the top five The vote is part of a new project called Change the List , led by John Sutter Sutter : Change the List aims to bring attention to places that need it most Malaria , polio , women 's rights , Internet access and free speech all are on the list
CNN  -- With Tuesday 's debut of Google + , a new social network , comparisons to Facebook are inevitable , and immediate . CNN.com has yet to demo the service , which lets users gather and organize contacts through such Google products as Gmail and Picasa . But based on what Google has posted about it online , here are some initial impressions . Punch for punch , Google + reproduces some of Facebook 's most popular tools but adds one distinctive function : video chat . Google refers to the video service as Hangouts . Several friends can join a room , and the live feeds from their webcams appear as separate blocks along the bottom of the window . The main video box shows the person who 's speaking the loudest at any given time . Hangouts can also integrate with Google 's YouTube . By contrast , Facebook has n't made video conferencing available on its website . But the social networking giant has a close relationship with Microsoft , which acquired Skype last month . Recent versions of the Skype desktop software tie into Facebook 's services . With Hangouts , Google + has at least one technological advantage over Facebook . But Google 's apparent ambition is not to unseat Facebook right away . Google has set up barriers to fast adoption , as it has done with some of its other products , by only allowing people who have been invited by friends to use Google + . How tech bloggers are reacting to Google + When crafting a service to take on Facebook , Google was wise not to ignore what that popular network , with its more than 600 million users , already does well . Google + has photo sharing , which places a large emphasis on smartphone usage . For example , photos taken from an Android phone can be automatically dumped into a private folder in the Google + Web service , a la Apple 's iCloud . The Circles section in Google + is like Facebook 's friend lists . Each user can organize friends into categories and limit which group sees which parts of his profile . With Circles , users can more quickly send certain messages to a particular crew , such as siblings or frat buddies , that they would n't want to share with their entire list of contacts . A Google + group-messaging feature , similar to Facebook 's newer Messages and Groups products , is called Huddle . The +1 button , which was previously made available as an optional program for Google account holders , ties this all together , not unlike Facebook 's "  Like " button . Clicking +1 on Google search results , embedded on other sites or from within Google + pages , allows you to share links with friends or selectively with groups of friends . Unsurprisingly , Google has tapped its prowess in Web search for a section called Sparks . It 's like Google Alerts , for receiving updates on favorite topics . Facebook 's search engine is Microsoft 's Bing , but users of that site ca n't subscribe to updates in this way . The video conferencing ability may be Google 's sharpest edge over Facebook 's current product . However , video chat alone likely wo n't spark a mass exodus from Facebook . Google appears to be rejecting the idea that Google + is meant to take Facebook head on . Google says its service is for more tight-knit groups , rather than for all types of online interactions . "  The problem is that today 's online services turn friendship into fast food -- wrapping everyone in ` friend ' paper , " Google executive Vic Gundotra writes in a blog post . "  We 'd like to bring the nuance and richness of real-life sharing to software . " Eric Schmidt , Google 's executive chairman and former CEO , took a more directed swipe at Facebook last month . At a technology conference , he described the service as catering to "  every friend you 've ever had , including the ones you ca n't quite remember . " Google suggests that it has plenty more to show . The company repeatedly refers to Google + as a "  project , " indicating it will change over time . "  This is just the beginning , " Google said Tuesday . "  We 're just getting warmed up , and we 're already pretty excited about what 's coming next . "	Google is beginning to roll out a new social network called Google + Google + packs many of the same features as Facebook but adds video chat The video chat feature puts the spotlight on whoever is talking the loudest
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is VICE 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Refugio Aviarios del Caribe , Costa Rica  VBS.TV  -- Sloths are fantastically weird animals , the junkies of the jungle who seem to spend their lives either nodding off or scratching and occasionally eating a bean or two before drifting back to what looks like a blissful sleep . I 've always been a fan of sloths . They 're wonderfully freaky , yet perfectly adapted to their slow arboreal lifestyle . Their nerves have even evolved to react slower so they do n't flinch at loud noises , making them nature 's most chilled-out animals . They have very few natural predators and the only time they 're vulnerable is when they leave the trees once a week and descend to the ground to poo . This behavior has befuddled scientists for many years . One of the theories is that their solitary lifestyle affords few chances to hook up with the opposite sex and these toilet stops are a good way to meet other sloths . See the rest of "  Sloths ! " at VBS.TV But evolution did n't prepare sloths for the power lines and roads that now crisscross Costa Rica 's jungles . The babies of mama sloths who have been run over or zapped by electricity wind up at the Aviaros del Caribe sanctuary in Costa Rica . It 's the world 's only sloth orphanage , home to more than 100 very sleepy urchins whose lives have been saved by legendary sloth whisperer Judy Arroyo . If you fall for these animals like I did then you can join the sanctuary 's volunteer program . Trainee sloth wranglers get to feed the sloths and help exercise and potty train the babies . The sanctuary runs on donations and volunteers , so you can do your bit by helping these vulnerable creatures whose jungle home , some say , is being slowly destroyed by pesticides , sold off to U.S. real estate agencies , and sliced up by roads and power lines .	Sloths have very few natural predators Costa Rica 's roads and power lines threaten its sloth population Aviaros del Caribe is the world 's only sloth sanctuary
CNN  -- Manuel Neuer captained Schalke 04 to the German Cup with a 5-0 rout of second-flight Duisberg while earlier Saturday Celtic salvaged their season with a 3-0 win over Motherwell to claim the Scottish equivalent . Goalkeeper Neuer , linked with a move to Bavarian giants Bayern Munich and also English champions Manchester United , may have been playing in last game for Schalke , but had little to do in the Berlin Olympic stadium . Dutch international striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scored either side of halftime after midfielder Julian Draxler put Schalke in front with a spectacular volley after being set up by Peru star Jefferson Farfan . Goals from Jose Jurado and defender Benedikt Hoewedes completed the rout for Schalke , who were beaten by Manchester United in the semifinals of the Champions League . Schalke 's league form was poor as fellow Ruhr Valley side Borussia Dortmund took the title , but the Royal Blues have made partial amends in cup competitions . Celtic had been pipped for the Scottish title by arch-rivals Rangers but were too good for Motherwell at Hampden to give manager Neil Lennon his first piece of silverware since taking over . It extended their own record tally of 35 Scottish Cups , but was their first since 2007 . South Korean international Ki Sung-Yeung put Celtic ahead on the half hour mark with a stunning shot from outside the area . Gavin Gunning hit the bar for Motherwell , who were finally undone by Stephen Craigan 's cruel 76th minute own-goal . Charlie Mulgrew crashed home a free kick to seal Celtic 's emphatic victory . It rounded off a bitter sweet season for Lennon , who has been the subject of death threats , parcel bombs and was attacked by a fan in Celtic 's recent league game against Hearts . There had been doubts about his future at Celtic , but he told Sky Sports he would be discussing his future with their board next week . "  This is the first trophy , I 'm so proud of them today . "  But  I want the big one  the SPL title  on the CV , the sooner the better , " he told Sky Sports . In France , Lille also got their hands on silverware as a 2-2 draw with Paris Saint Germain on Saturday night saw them clinch their first league championship title since 1954 .	Schalke 04 win German Cup with 5-0 win over second-flight Duisberg Highly-rated goalkeeper Manuel Neuer captained Schalke to final victory Celtic take Scottish Cup with 3-0 win over Motherwell at Hampden Lille clinch French league title with 2-2 draw at PSG
CNN  -- It 's been 145 years since Abraham Lincoln appeared on a ballot , but admiration for the man who saved the union and sparked the end of slavery is as strong as ever , according to a new survey . Abraham Lincoln , seen in an 1861 photo , tops the list of former presidents in a new survey of historians . Lincoln finished first in a ranking by historians of the 42 former White House occupants . The survey was released over Presidents Day weekend . The news was n't quite as good for the latest addition to the nation 's most exclusive fraternity : George W. Bush finished 36th in the survey , narrowly edging out the likes of historical also-rans Millard Fillmore , Warren Harding and Franklin Pierce . James Buchanan -- the man who watched helplessly as the nation lurched toward civil war in the 1850s -- finished last . "  As much as is possible , we created a poll that was non-partisan , judicious and fair-minded , " said Rice University professor Douglas Brinkley , who helped organize the survey of 65 historians for cable television network C-SPAN . The survey -- which asked participants to rank each president on 10 qualities of leadership ranging from public persuasion and economic management to international relations and moral authority -- was the network 's second since 2000 . See which presidents ranked highest and lowest " The hero of Springfield , Illinois , finished first nine years ago as well . "  It 's fitting that for the 200th birthday of Abraham Lincoln that he remains at the top of these presidential rankings , " Brinkley said . "  Lincoln continues to rank at the top in all categories because he is perceived to embody the nation 's avowed core values : integrity , moderation , persistence in the pursuit of honorable goals , respect for human rights , compassion , " Howard University 's Edna Medford added . Founding father George Washington finished second in the new survey , followed by Franklin D. Roosevelt , Theodore Roosevelt , and Harry Truman , in that order . Bill Clinton registered the greatest gain among recent presidents , jumping from 21st to 15th in the survey . Ronald Reagan edged forward from 11th to 10th overall , while George H.W. Bush moved up from 20th to 18th . The prize for the greatest jump in approval from historians over the last nine years , however , went to a president who has often sat near the bottom of such rankings : Ulysses S. Grant . The Civil War general jumped 10 notches , from 33rd to 23rd . Grant has traditionally received poor marks for corruption among people in his administration and the failed postwar reconstruction effort he presided over . But the nation 's 18th president may be getting a bounce from all of the recent attention focused on Lincoln , Medford said . "  Grant won the war for Lincoln , " she noted during an appearance on C-SPAN 's "  Washington Journal . " "  A new look at the totality of his career may be improving his presidential stature , " she said . "  Bill Clinton and Ulysses S. Grant are n't often mentioned in the same sentence -- until now , " historian Richard Norton Smith said . "  Participants in the latest -LSB- survey -RSB- have boosted each man significantly higher than in the original survey conducted in 2000 . All of which goes to show two things : the fluidity with which presidential reputations are judged , and the difficulty of assessing any president who has only just recently left office . " In his final news conference before stepping down last month , George W. Bush made it clear he was n't concerned with poor initial judgments of his presidency . "  There is no such thing as short-term history , " Bush said . "  I do n't think you can possibly get the full breadth of an administration until time has passed . " The survey 's participants ranked Bush 41st on international relations and 40th on economic management -- ahead of only Herbert Hoover .	65 historians ranked former presidents on various leadership qualities Abraham Lincoln ranked highest , as he did in similar survey done in 2000 James Buchanan , who watched as nation lurched toward civil war , came in last George W. Bush ranks 36th among the 42 former presidents
CNN  -- Robin van Persie atoned for an embarrassing second half penalty miss to complete a hat-trick and give Manchester United a dramatic 3-2 win at Southampton Sunday in the English Premier League . United had to come from behind twice to claim the three points at St Mary 's but it was tough on the newly promoted home side , who played a full part in a pulsating early season encounter . They went ahead after 16 minutes when Rickie Lambert headed home at the far post after a fine cross by Jason Puncheon . The lead did not last long as van Persie , signed from Arsenal in close season , chested home a cross and fired across Kelvin Davis in the Southampton goal . The visitors looked uneasy in defense throughout -- despite Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic being re-united in the center -- and in the second half a slip by Patrice Evra allowed Morgan Schneiderlin to head Southampton ahead again . Alex Ferguson 's men looked set to level for the second time after Jos Hooiveld had fouled van Persie to earn a penalty . The Dutchman got up to take the spot kick but appeared to change his mind halfway through his effort and could only chip a weak effort which Davis tipped away . "  I do n't know what I was thinking of with the penalty , " van Persie told Sky Sports at the end of the match . "  I was going to blast it but at the last second I just changed , that was n't good enough . " But it did not take long for him to make amends , reacting quickly after a Ferdinand header came off the home woodwork . Then in injury time he met Nani 's near post cross with a perfect header to win the match and score his 100th EPL goal . Ferguson was delighted with the three points and gave particular credit to second half substitute Paul Scholes , who turned the match their way . "  He changed the game completely , his vision and consistency of passing gave us complete control , " said the United boss , who was winning his 599th out of 1,000 league games . In the earlier kick off , Arsenal showed they could do without van Persie 's goals with a 2-0 win at Liverpool , who have made their worst start to a top flight season since 1963-63 with one point from three games . Arsene Wenger 's men had failed to score in their first two EPL games , but two of his summer signings came good at Anfield . Germany striker Lukas Podolski scored his first goal for the club in the first half while Spanish midfielder Santi Cazorla grabbed the second for the Gunners in the second half . Liverpool goalkeeper Jose Reina was at fault for the goal to complete a lackluster display by new manager Brendan Rogers ' team . The other game Sunday saw Newcastle held 1-1 at home by Aston Villa , needing a superb equalizer from French star Hatem Ben Arfa on the hour mark to salvage a point . Ciaran Clark 's first-half opener had given Villa the lead and Tim Krul had to produce good saves to deny Darren Bent and Andreas Weimann as the visitors pressed for a second .	Manchester United win 3-2 at promoted Southampton in EPL Robin van Persie grabs hat-trick but misses second half penalty Arsenal score first goals of season in 2-0 win at Liverpool Newcastle held 1-1 at home by Aston Villa
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Smoking in youth-rated movies has not declined despite a pledge two years ago by Hollywood studios to encourage producers to show less "  gratuitous smoking , " according to an anti-smoking group . The American Medical Association Alliance has been trying to get movie studios to make smoking-free films . The American Medical Association Alliance , pointing to research that big-screen smoking leads teens to pick up the tobacco habit , called for an R rating for any movie with smoking scenes . The head of the group that gives U.S. movies their ratings , however , said the smoke has been clearing from youth-rated movies , a result of the film industry 's sensitivity to the issue . The alliance , the medical association 's advocacy arm , launched a summer campaign this week aimed at publicly shaming studios into making smoke-free films . "  Research has shown that one-third to one-half of all young smokers in the United States can be attributed to smoking these youth see in movies , " said Dr. Jonathan Fielding , head of the Los Angeles County Public Health Department . Fielding cited another study that he said "  found that adolescents whose favorite movie stars smoked on screen are significantly more likely to be smokers themselves and to have a more accepting attitude toward smoking . " The Motion Picture Association of America , the industry group that issues ratings and parental guidance for U.S. films , added smoking scenes as a factor in ratings two years ago , but Fielding said it has not made a difference . "  In all , 56 percent of the top box office movies with smoking released between May 2007 and May 2009 were youth-rated films -- G , PG or PG-13 , " he said . Joan Graves , who chairs the Motion Picture Association 's movie rating committee , offered her own statistics , based on all of the 900 films rated each year , not just the top movies included in Fielding 's numbers . The association has given no G ratings in the past two years to a movie with smoking , Graves said . Overall , 55 percent of the movies rated in the past two years showed some smoking , but 75 percent of those with smoking scenes were given R ratings , Graves said . Twenty-one percent were rated PG-13 and the remaining 5 percent were PG , she said . A G movie is deemed suitable for all audiences , while a PG rating is a signal to parents that a film may include some material they might consider inappropriate for children . PG-13 indicates a stronger warning that some material may be inappropriate for children under 13 . No one under 17 can be admitted to see an R movie without a parent or guardian . American Medical Association Alliance President Sandi Frost used as her chief example of a movie with "  gratuitous smoking " this month 's blockbuster "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " which was rated PG-13 "  for intense sequences of action and violence , and some partial nudity . " "  Millions of children have been exposed to the main star of the film , Hugh Jackman , with a cigar in his mouth in various scenes , " Frost said . "  I 'm willing to bet that not one child would have enjoyed that movie or Mr. Jackman 's performance any less if he had n't been smoking . " A spokesman for Twentieth Century Fox , the studio responsible for the Wolverine movie series , said Jackman 's cigar was never lit and it was limited to just two scenes . In one scene , the cigar is shot out of his mouth , prompting Jackman 's Wolverine character to suggest its loss would lead to clean living -- an anti-smoking statement -- the studio spokesman said . He said that while the Wolverine character has a cigar in his mouth in almost every panel of the comic book series , producers made "  a conscious decision " to limit the cigar in the movie . The American Medical Association Alliance , hoping to draw studio executives ' attention , hired a mobile billboard to drive around the major studios this week . "  The billboard shows a teenage girl asking the question , ` Which movie studios will cause me to smoke this summer ? ' " Frost said . The alliance will keep an online scorecard throughout the summer to count "  how many tobacco impressions each studio delivers to G , PG and PG-13 audiences , " she said . "  At the end of the summer , whichever studio has delivered the most tobacco impressions to youth audiences will be named in a billboard that will run outside of their headquarters , " she said . Motion Picture Association of America spokeswoman Angela Martinez said the group "  is very sensitive to the concerns of parents about the purpose of the rating systems . " "  It 's reflective of society , " Martinez said . "  It 's really a tool for parents to help determine what their kids see . " They began factoring smoking scenes into the ratings two years ago as "  a reflection of changes in society and health concerns , " she said . "  Smoking is rated like all the other factors , including violence and sex , " she said . Fielding said it should be absolute -- and not just a factor . "  Any movie with smoking should be rated R , " he said . "  And if they worry about an R rating hurting their profits , then they should work with studios to remove smoking from films that hurt youth . " Graves , whose committee makes the decisions , indicated such a zero-tolerance policy would not be accepted .	American Medical Association Alliance wants films with smoking to be rated R AMAA says that kids who watch smoking often turn to habit Hollywood rating organization says smoking in movies has declined
CNN  -- I used to chuckle at people who complained about their glasses -- their thin , wispy glasses . It sounds snobby . But I was blind enough to be an honorary bat . In kindergarten , I got in trouble for constantly leaving my seat to approach the blackboard , but I could n't read it otherwise . Coke-bottle glasses quickly followed . I graduated to contacts at age 10 ; by 30 , anything more than 3 inches past my nose was impossibly blurry without them . As with many who ca n't see without corrective lenses , I always carried bottles of eyedrops and saline solution . I fumbled for my glasses even to read the bedside clock . I spent hundreds of dollars on contacts each year . I love to travel , and I 'm also a worrier  though I prefer the term "  highly prepared "  by nature . So I obsessed about contingencies : What if I have to sleep in the airport or I tear a contact in the dim light of a hotel bathroom ? What if I get a speck of sand under a contact and have to rinse my eye out ? I began to wonder what would happen if I were in an unfamiliar place -- say , asleep in a hotel -- and needed to get out quickly but could n't find my glasses . Could I pick the correct shapes out of the odd blobs of color that made up the world ? It looked as if that was how life would always be , after I was rejected for Lasik eye correction . My prescription was too high -- -9.5 diopters in one eye and -10 in the other , roughly equating to 20/1000 vision -- and my cornea too thin for the tissue removal required to correct my nearsightedness . I do n't mean to seem overly dramatic , as there are obviously many people who get along just fine with vision even worse than mine . But for me , it was enough of a daily interference that I was n't ready to accept it . I mentioned it almost offhandedly during an annual eye exam , and my ophthalmologist said he knew of something that might help . It 's a contact lens put IN your eye -- not for the squeamish , I know . But the implantable lens , made by STAAR Surgical , was approved by the FDA in 2005 . It functions in a similar manner to an everyday contact lens , bending light rays so they focus correctly on the retina . But unlike a contact , this lens is inside the eyeball . The procedure was quick and simple . After my eye was numbed and dilated , I was given a sedative and wheeled into the operating room . I was awake for the procedure , but I remember only some bright lights . The doctor created a tiny slit in the cornea , the transparent front part of the eye , and inserted the slender , flexible device to form an arch over the existing lens . It 's made of collamer , an organic material , and the eye does n't recognize it as a foreign object . A similar device approved by the FDA in 2004 goes over the iris , the colored part of the eye , rather than behind it . "  We have a great , great success rate with ICL , " said Dr. Ilan Cohen of 5th Avenue Eye Center in New York , who was among the first to perform the implantation surgery in the United States . "  The amazing thing about it is that it does not require any corneal removal , and it 's reversible . " Since Lasik permanently alters the eye , any complications or changes in vision afterward can require even more treatment . The Visian lens can be switched out or removed at any time . ICL has been approved to correct nearsightedness from -3 diopters  or roughly 20/300 vision  up to -16 diopters and to treat patients up to -20 diopters . Of course , the procedure is not without its risks . The medical drawback is that it 's done inside the eye , Cohen said . "  We do it usually one eye at a time  with a delay of one or more days between surgeries  because the risk is slightly higher for infection inside the eye and complications that could happen inside the eye . "  Besides cataracts , other complications such as glaucoma " can occur , he said . "  These are very rare complications . " About 300,000 procedures have been performed worldwide . Visian 's maker , Starr Surgical , says less than 1 % of patients experience complications . Since the device has been in use for only about 10 years , little is known about long-term effects . Some patients may still need reading glasses as their eyes go through the typical aging process . But perhaps the most daunting factor for most candidates is the cost of the procedure , which can be many times that of Lasik . It can run $ 10,000 or more . "  The cost of the lens is high , " slightly less than $ 1,000 each , Cohen said . "  Then you have to consider the cost of the surgical facility where you 're doing the surgery . And we do it one eye at a time , whereas Lasik , we do both eyes in one sitting . So all these things add up to higher cost . " And unlike with Lasik , very rarely do insurance companies pay for this procedure . Three years after the procedure , my vision is 20/15 , better than ever . No more squinting at the bedside clock or toting contact lenses  and all the accessories  when I travel . For me , perfect vision is worth the price .	The implantable lens , made by STAAR , was approved by the FDA in 2005 It functions in a similar manner to an everyday contact lens But unlike a contact , this lens is inside the eyeball
Washington  CNN  -- A Senate committee will expand its probe into the U.S. Secret Service this week following a scandal involving prostitutes in Colombia in advance of a recent trip by the president . The Homeland Security Committee will send the Secret Service "  some questions this week , as the beginning of our broader investigation , asking whether ... this was an exception , or is there anything in the records that show this is a pattern of misconduct that has gone on elsewhere by Secret Service agents on assignment , but off-duty ? " Sen. Joe Lieberman , the committee chairman , told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  Why was n't it noticed if that was the case ? What 's the Secret Service going to do to make sure it never happens again ? " Some Secret Service members and agents allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in Cartagena , according to sources familiar with the U.S. government 's investigation . The Secret Service says 12 members of the agency have been implicated in the incident . Across the Sunday political talk shows , officials expressed confidence in Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan , saying they believe he has handled the scandal well and will get answers . "  History is full of cases where enemies have compromised " people with security or intelligence information through sex , said Lieberman , I-Connecticut . He added that based on what he has been told so far , "  there is no evidence that information was compromised " in this case . Down the road , the committee will hold a public hearing on the matter -- perhaps more than one , Lieberman said . "  Anyone who 's found to be guilty " will lose his job , Rep. Peter King , Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " King told CNN last week that four investigators were assigned to his committee 's probe . One person who was "  partially exonerated " will instead likely face administrative action , King said . In a letter sent to Sullivan on Friday , King listed a series of questions , including how many employees were aware of the alleged incident and how many total employees were in Cartagena in support of President Obama 's trip to the Summit of the Americas when the incident occurred earlier this month . "  Please provide a comprehensive , minute-by-minute timeline of all known actions , locations , and possible violations of U.S. or Colombia law , " codes of conduct , and directives , King wrote in the letter . But King and other officials are quick to emphasize that those allegedly involved in cavorting with prostitutes at a hotel in Cartagena are the exceptions . "  In any organization things can go wrong , " President Obama 's chief campaign strategist David Axelrod told CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday . "  I must say that in my experience the Secret Service has been completely professional , so impressive . I always felt like they were ... willing to do anything to protect the president and the people around the president . And so this was really disappointing . "  Obviously we have to get to the bottom of it , but those problems should not denigrate the efforts of so many who do such a good job . " Sen. Susan Collins , ranking member on the Homeland Security Committee , and Rep. Carolyn Maloney of the House Oversight Committee suggested having more female agents could help avoid such scandals . "  I ca n't help but wonder if there 'd been more women as part of that detail if this ever would have happened , " Collins told ABC 's "  This Week . " Maloney agreed , and added that she was told 11 % of agents in the Secret Service are women . The agency did not immediately confirm the figure to CNN Sunday . "  We probably need to diversify the Secret Service and have more minorities and more women , " she said . Six Secret Service members have left their jobs in the wake of the incident in Cartagena , Colombia , which came while they were on a security detail in advance of President Obama 's trip for the Summit of the Americas . One employee "  has been cleared of serious misconduct , but will face administrative action , " the Secret Service said . Five employees are on administrative leave and have had their security clearances temporarily revoked . In addition , the U.S. military is investigating 11 of its own troops for possible heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes . White House staff have not been implicated in the controversy . After the scandal broke , President Obama called for a "  thorough " and "  rigorous " invsetigation . "  If it turns out that some of the allegations that have been made in the press are confirmed , then of course I 'll be angry , " he said .	Senate committee Chairman Lieberman asks whether there 's a pattern of misconduct House committee Chairman King asks for minute-by-minute timeline The actions of a few should not denigrate the many professionals , Axelrod says Collins and Maloney suggest more female agents could help avoid such a scandal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When then-President-elect Barack Obama first asked Hillary Clinton to be his top diplomat , she turned him down and recommended others for the job , the secretary of state said in an interview broadcast Sunday . Hillary Clinton meets with South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung-hwan on Friday to discuss North Korea . Speaking to ABC 's "  This Week , " Clinton also said the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year . In her famous "  3 a.m. " ad , she questioned whether Obama was the right candidate to handle a middle-of-the-night international crisis . "  Has the president answered it for you ? " host George Stephanopoulos asked . "  Absolutely , " Clinton replied . "  And , you know , the president , in his public actions and demeanor , and certainly in private with me and with the national security team , has been strong , thoughtful , decisive , I think he is doing a terrific job . And it 's an honor to serve with him . " The former senator from New York and former first lady revealed details of how she came to accept the role . Watch analysts dissect the Clinton-Obama relationship " "  I never had any dream , let alone inkling , that I would end up in President Obama 's cabinet , " she said . "  When I left the presidential race after getting some sleep and taking some deep breaths , I immediately went to work for him in the general election . ... And I was looking forward to going back to the Senate and , frankly , going back to my life and representing New York , which I love . And I had no idea that he had a different plan in mind . " When her name was mentioned in the media as a possible member of Obama 's cabinet , Clinton said , she found the idea "  absurd . " "  And then when he called and asked me to come see him , and we had our first conversation , I said , ` You know , I really do n't think I 'm the person to do this , I want to go back to my life . I really feel like I owe it to the people of New York . ' And I gave him a bunch of other names of people who I thought would be great secretaries of state . " But Obama "  was quite persistent and very persuasive , " Clinton said . She added , "  Ultimately , it came down to my feeling that , number one , when your president asks you to do something for your country , you really need a good reason not to do it . Number two , if I had won and I had asked him to please help me serve our country , I would have hoped he would say yes . And finally , I looked around our world and I thought , you know , we are in just so many deep holes that everybody had better grab a shovel and start digging out . " Some analysts have raised questions about how much power Clinton actually has in the administration , given that Obama and Vice President Joe Biden have done a great deal of international outreach themselves . The president has also appointed special envoys to focus on several key regions . But Clinton said she wanted the envoys appointed "  because we were inheriting so many hot spot problems that I knew you could never have one person possibly address all of that . " One of the biggest is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Clinton and the president have called on Israel to halt construction at settlements in the West Bank . Asked whether there is any room for compromise on that issue , Clinton said the administration would not "  prejudge the effort . " She said the administration is committed to Israel 's security . "  We see historical , demographic , political , technological trends that are very troubling as to Israel 's future . At the same time , there is a legitimate aspiration of the Palestinian people that needs to be addressed . " On the nuclear standoff with Iran , Clinton said a diplomatic process in which U.S. representatives sit down with Iran 's authorized representatives would give "  us information and insight that we do n't have . ... We do n't have any really clear sense as to what it is they are seeking . " Clinton also addressed the growing tensions surrounding North Korea , and what she called its "  very provocative and belligerent behavior " with recent tests of missile and nuclear technology . "  One of the positive developments , " she said , is that "  it has actually brought the -LSB- other -RSB- members of -LSB- the -RSB- six-party process -- Japan , South Korea , China , Russia , the United States -- much closer together " in how they view the challenge . She said there may be additional U.N. sanctions against North Korea . Several lawmakers have asked the president to put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism . "  We 're going to look at it , " Clinton said . "  There 's a process for it . Obviously we would want to see recent evidence of their support for international terrorism . " She emphasized that North Korea 's detention of two U.S. journalists , Laura Ling and Euna Lee , is separate from the political issues . "  It is a humanitarian issue and the girls should be let go , " Clinton said .	Clinton says she was looking forward to going back to Senate after the election She suggested to President Obama a list of other people for top diplomat post Clinton reconsidered when Obama was "  quite persistent and very persuasive " Clinton was recently in South Korea for discussions on North Korea
You may not have heard of Snapchat . But if there are teenagers or 20-somethings in your life , it 's a safe bet that they have . Snapchat is a mobile app which lets users share images or videos that disappear after a few seconds . That 's right -- they vanish forever in the time it takes you to read a tweet . In a little over a year since it was released by a Stanford student and his recently graduated business partner , Snapchat has has quietly amassed millions of users and now claims to process more than 30 million messages a day . Some bloggers have called it the "  next Instagram . " Not bad for a mobile tool which , rightly or wrongly , is often cited for one very specific ability -- the "  sexting " of naughty images to other users . In an age when young people are constantly being warned not to post inappropriate things online , Snapchat offers a degree of freedom by letting users share unfiltered thoughts or images without much fear of reprisal . "  Like most people born before the 1990s , I 'm not a Snapchat user , and I 've long assumed the worst about the app -- that combining cameras ; young people ; and secret , self-destructing messages could only mean trouble , " wrote Slate 's Farhad Manjoo last week . But increasingly , he writes , it appears possible that "  teenagers are more likely using the app to safely explore the sort of silly , unguarded , and sometimes unwise ideas that have always occupied the teenage brain ... in a manner that wo n't haunt them forever . In other words , they 're chatting with Snapchat precisely because it 's not like chatting with Facebook . " Not to be outdone , Facebook last month actually launched a virtually identical social app called Facebook Poke , a mobile re-imagining of one of the site 's earliest , and ultimately most ridiculed , features . But instead of siphoning users from Snapchat , Facebook 's move appears instead to have launched the upstart app to new heights . Both apps let users send images or short videos and messages via their smartphones . The sender can choose how long the message will be visible -- up to 10 seconds -- before it self-destructs . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg reportedly was part of the team that coded the Poke app , currently available only on Apple 's iOS system , in only a couple of weeks . A family photo posted by sister Randi Zuckerberg purportedly showed their family playing with the app over the holidays . But if Facebook was looking to flex its billion-user muscle to take over the instant-chat market , it does n't appear to be working . On Thursday , Snapchat was the sixth-most popular free app for Apple 's mobile devices . Facebook Poke was n't in the top 100 . As Forbes said in a recent headline , "  the kids like SnapChat because it 's NOT Facebook . " A newer version of Snapchat for Google 's Android devices sat at a respectable No. 33 in the Google Play store , ahead of stalwarts like Draw Something , Spotify , Fandango and Amazon Mobile . Facebook Poke is n't available for Android . A look by analytics firm Topsy showed that mentions of Snapchat on Twitter spiraled to more than 212,000 on New Year 's Day , up from about 16,000 on December 20 , the day before Facebook introduced Poke . Facebook Poke got 1,822 mentions on January 1 , according to Topsy . So , does that mean young , socially savvy users are sending millions of racy pictures of themselves through cyberspace every day ? It 's difficult to say . Technological advances and nudie shots have shared a strong , if secretive , relationship for centuries . From the printing press to pay-per-view to VCRs , new tech  particularly the kind that creates new levels of privacy  has always been followed closely by folks figuring out how to personally or professionally use it to get dirty . There are clear , and sometimes ugly , signs that sexting is common on Snapchat . "  Snapchat Sluts , " a Tumblr blog full of nude and semi-nude images , was started up last month by a "  party photographer " who says he put out an open call for salacious shots on Twitter and was overwhelmed by the response . Another Snapchat-themed blog on Tumblr is filled with complaints about male users sharing photos of their genitalia . Snapchat users may think their naughty images will never come back to haunt them . But people can still grab screenshots from their phones , even though both Snapchat and Facebook Poke notify the sender if the recipient of an image takes a shot of it . And last week , Buzzfeed exposed an apparent security flaw that it says lets recipients retrieve videos sent via Snapchat . All of which should be bad news when young people and questionable decisions collide with the dark alleys of the Internet , where even the most ill-gotten of sleaze is posted . Snapchat did not respond to an interview request from CNN . But in one of only a handful of interviews he 's given since launching , Snapchat co-founder Evan Spiegel told TechCrunch he thinks the sex talk about his app is overblown . "  I 'm not convinced that the whole sexting thing is as big as the media makes it out to be , " he told TechCrunch . "  I just do n't know people who do that . It does n't seem that fun when you can have real sex . " But he also acknowledged to TechCrunch that the idea for the app , which he and Bobby Murphy hashed out after meeting at Stanford 's Kappa Sigma fraternity house , was partly inspired by U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner 's unfortunate decision to share racy photos via Twitter . So , if not for naughty bits , what exactly is the purpose of sending images and videos that rapidly disappear ? In a September blog post celebrating its first anniversary , Team Snapchat shared a vision that comes off as downright wholesome . "  We believe in sharing authentic moments with friends , " it read . "  It 's not all about fancy vacations , sushi dinners , or beautiful sunsets . Sometimes it 's an inside joke , a silly face , or greetings from a pet fish . "  There is value in the ephemeral , " the post continues . "  Great conversations are magical . That 's because they are shared , enjoyed , but not saved . "	Competition from Facebook Poke may have spurred popularity of mobile app Snapchat Snapchat lets users send images or videos that disappear after a few seconds Popular with young users , Snapchat has a reputation as a "  sexting " tool Creators downplay its use to send nude pictures , say short-term sharing is fun
Washington  CNN  -- A year ago , President Barack Obama was under fire . Today , he is being feted . In just 12 months , the 51-year-old lawyer and former U.S. senator raised by a single mother went from a beleaguered candidate for re-election -- his record and signature health care law under daily attack by Republican rivals -- to being the first Democrat to win more than 50 % of a presidential vote twice since Franklin D. Roosevelt . Now the nation 's first African-American president is CNN 's Most Intriguing Person of 2012 , as voted on by readers of CNN.com , five days after being named TIME 's Person of the Year . Second most intriguing : Malala Yousufzai : The girl the Taliban wanted dead Explaining Time 's choice , Executive Editor Richard Stengel cited Obama "  for finding and forging a new majority , for turning weakness into opportunity and for seeking , amid great adversity , to create a more perfect union . " Time : 2012 Person of the Year Such accolades and results seemed improbable a year ago when Obama 's approval rating hovered in the low 40s while unemployment was 8.5 % . History showed that it was rare , if not unprecedented , for an incumbent to win re-election with such figures . In December 2011 , Obama 's signature health care reform law faced a Supreme Court challenge and unrelenting criticism from Republicans , especially conservatives who depicted it as a socialism-inspired government takeover of almost 20 % of the U.S. economy . In addition , a fierce political battle with congressional Republicans over taxes and spending dominated headlines that month . It was the latest in a series of fiscal showdowns that already caused an unprecedented downgrade in the U.S. credit rating earlier in the year . Despite ordering the mission that took out Osama bin Laden in May 2011 and welcoming home the last combat troops from Iraq seven months later , the president faced questions from some critics about his plan to end Afghanistan combat operations in 2014 . Bin Laden killing caps decade-long manhunt Meanwhile , the upcoming election primary season focused attention on the Republican presidential race , spiced by frequent debates that gave candidates ample opportunity to tee off on Obama 's record . His detractors labeled him a failure and said he was over his head , unable to understand the still sluggish economy recovering from recession , let alone how to strengthen it . A year later , Obama has parlayed his bad hand into a jackpot result . Obama takes key battlegrounds to win re-election The economy , which had just started to hint at consistent recovery toward the end of 2011 , continued to strengthen incrementally through 2012 , with the unemployment rate falling to 7.7 % in November . CNNMoney : Unemployment rate falls to lowest level since 2008 Such steady , albeit slow growth provided cover for Obama against the Republican attack line that his push for stimulus spending in response to the recession he inherited amounted to wasted money and failed policy . While buffeted at times by Europe 's deficit and currency woes , an overall perception of growing economic stability was a major reason Obama defeated GOP challenger Mitt Romney in November by more than 4 million votes . Perhaps equally beneficial was the Supreme Court 's June ruling that the Affordable Care Act did n't violate the Constitution , ending a litany of legal challenges and giving the controversial measure an important public affirmation . While Romney campaigned on repealing the health care law if elected , the Supreme Court decision strengthened Obama 's ability to tout the benefits of the reforms to avoid the issue becoming an election liability . Supreme Court on health care : How justices voted The president also made foreign policy a campaign strength over Romney , a former governor with little experience on international issues . Obama touted the bin Laden mission and how he kept his 2008 campaign pledge to end the Iraq War while also starting to wind down the U.S. military role in Afghanistan . During the final months of the election campaign , Obama also recovered the message and personal style that catapulted him to his historic victory four years earlier . Shouting himself hoarse at times on the trail , he cast himself as the champion of equal opportunity and closing a widening wealth gap in the country . His campaign also benefited from key policy moves by the president . The administration halted deportations of some children of illegal immigrants , ensuring overwhelming support from the growing Hispanic-American community that proved vital on Election Day . An earlier step to end the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that barred openly gay and lesbian people from military service as well his eventual support for same-sex marriage boosted his standing with younger Americans -- another key demographic . Obama announces he supports same-sex marriage As the end of his first term approached , Obama 's approval rating topped 50 % , and polls showed the public consistently favoring his approach on deficit reduction over Republican positions . "  This one 's more satisfying than ' 08 , " he told top aides on Election Night , according to the Time cover story on his being named Person of the Year . "  It was n't just about what I was going to do as president . It 's what I 've done . "	President Barack Obama 's year of triumph ends with accolade from CNN.com readers Obama also is Time magazine 's Person of the Year The year began with Obama in a perilous political position His re-election reflected policy and political accomplishments
CNN  -- Three-time world player of the year Lionel Messi outlined his and Barcelona 's intention to win back the club 's Spanish and European crowns after Sunday 's season-opening 5-1 victory over Real Sociedad . The Argentine forward , who scored 50 league goals last season and 73 overall for the Catalan side , netted twice in the opening 15 minutes of Barca 's first competitive match under new coach Tito Vilanova . It gave Barca an early edge in the title race as defending champions Real Madrid drew 1-1 with Valencia ahead of Thursday 's first leg of the Spanish Super Cup -- which will be the first "  El Clasico " clash of the 2012-13 campaign . Sunday 's match also saw Spain striker David Villa make a goalscoring comeback from a broken leg which had sidelined him since December and caused him to miss his country 's triumph at Euro 2012 . "  We are a team that wants to keep on winning important titles for the club , " Messi told BarcaTV . Who will be Europe 's club champions ? Under previous coach Pep Guardiola , Barca won three league titles and the European Champions League on two occasions but last season the Catalans ' only success came in the Spanish Cup . "  I want to win it all , just like Tito , " the 25-year-old Messi said . "  It will be difficult , but we 'll try . It 's important to start off winning . " Barca will face Jose Mourinho 's Real at the Camp Nou on Thursday , with Messi and his teammates looking to win the Spanish season 's annual curtain-raiser for the fourth year in a row . "  Despite having a new manager , the team continues to play with the same philosophy , " said Messi . "  We 're playing with the same style of play . "  It will be a complicated match because they are an experienced rival . The key to success is that all players actively participate so that we can score goals . " After the win over Sociedad , Barca 's players spoke of their delight at seeing Spain 's all-time leading goalscorer Villa return to action as a late substitute . "  Villa 's return is the best piece of news of the game , " said Spain forward Pedro , who scored Barca 's fourth goal just before halftime . "  He scored a goal and it 's an absolute joy to have him with us . " Barca captain Carles Puyol opened the scoring with an early header on his return to competitive action after missing Euro 2012 due to knee surgery . "  I 'm really happy that we won and that El Guaje  Villa  scored ! " the veteran defender wrote on Twitter . Meanwhile , midfielder Alex Song arrived in Barcelona on Monday to complete his switch from English Premier League team Arsenal . The Cameroon star was set to undergo a medical ahead of move worth a reported $ 23.5 million . The 24-year-old becomes the second high-profile exit from the Emirates Stadium in the last week , following Robin van Persie 's transfer to Manchester United . "  He 's a footballer that gives us a bit of height . He 'll surprise us with his skill , he 's a great player , " said Vilanova , who added that Song would provide backup for holding midfielder Sergio Busquets and would also be used as a central defender .	Lionel Messi wants Barcelona to regain dominance of Spanish and European football Messi scored twice as Barca thrashed Real Sociedad 5-1 in the opening round of fixtures Spain striker David Villa scored on his return after eight months out with a broken leg Barca face archrivals Real Madrid in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup on Thursday
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House . Paul Begala says Kirsten Gillibrand is a skillful politician and part of a new generation of rising women leaders . CNN  -- The big news in New York politics is not that Caroline Kennedy , a deeply private person , preferred to be in private life . Rather , the big news -- and for Democrats , the good news -- is that Gov. David Paterson has put another crack in the glass ceiling by appointing Kirsten Gillibrand to the Senate . Gillibrand has it all . She moves with equal ease among Manhattan high-rollers and Delaware County dairymen . She knocked off an entrenched Republican congressman in a conservative district . When she began , no one but she and then-Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chairman Rahm Emanuel thought she could win . When he was recruiting her for the congressional race , Emanuel told me Gillibrand was someone special . I paid attention because I recalled the time , a decade or so ago , when Emanuel told me a skinny state senator named Barack Obama was the future of the Democratic Party . Since then I 've seen Gillibrand in action . My father has a small farm in her district , near the village of Andes , New York . Every summer I bring my boys to Andes to fish in a pristine mountain trout pond , and at night we feast on fresh-caught fish with my dad 's neighbors . Those farmers and schoolteachers see Gillibrand as one of their own ; someone who shares their values , who respects and protects the rugged beauty of their mountains even as she fights to bring jobs to the region . In short , Gillibrand is the kind of Democrat who can win in blood-red upstate New York . Her membership on both the Agriculture Committee and the Armed Services Committee has allowed her to become an expert in policy areas some Democrats shy away from . I 've also seen Gillibrand in the big city . Gov. David Paterson spoke at a Gillibrand fundraiser I attended in a posh penthouse apartment overlooking Central Park . Gillibrand had given birth to her son Henry a few weeks before . Where she got the energy and the enthusiasm I 'll never know . Even veteran Manhattanites came away impressed . Listening to Gillibrand speak of how Hillary Clinton inspired her , I could n't help but see parallels to Barack Obama . Our new president has described himself as part of the Joshua Generation -- the African American leaders who have come after pioneers like John Lewis , Rev. Jesse Jackson and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Perhaps Kirsten Gillibrand is part of the Joshua Generation of women leaders , inspired by Hillary Clinton , Nancy Pelosi and so many others who blazed the trail Gillibrand is now following . Watching the jubilation of the Obama inauguration , some feminist friends worried aloud when a woman might break through the way President Obama has . "  I 'm still not able to tell my daughter that she can be president , " one friend said . My own strong belief is we will see a woman president sooner than most suspect . And perhaps she will come from the ranks of the female Joshua Generation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : Kirsten Gillibrand is a Democratic star in Republican upstate area Upstate residents say Gillibrand shares their values , protects region , Begala says Begala : Gillibrand is part of the next generation of women political comers He says he thinks we 'll see a woman president sooner than many suspect
The apocryphal and numerically fluctuating line about the Velvet Underground , often attributed to Brian Eno , is that just 3,000 people bought "  The Velvet Underground and Nico , " but every one of them formed a band . It was n't true -- the 1967 album sold more than 50,000 copies in its first two years of release -- but the influence of the album is inescapable . The Velvets were precursors to punk rock , art rock , avant-garde rock , almost any kind of rock that veered from the status quo . And , not to discount the contributions of John Cale , Sterling Morrison , Maureen Tucker and the soon-to-depart Nico , but the voice of the band was Lou Reed . The singer , guitarist and songwriter died Sunday , according to his publicist . He had undergone a liver transplant in May . The Velvet Underground brought a thrilling dose of downtown noise and crudeness to a rock scene that was beginning to take its love-and-peace feelings all too seriously . Reed 's songs , such as "  Waiting for the Man "  whose narrator traveled to Harlem to meet his dealer  , "  Venus in Furs "  about a sadomasochistic relationship  and "  Heroin "  self-explanatory  , were journeys into humanity 's dark side . Reed wrote or co-wrote every song on that first album and expanded his songwriting expertise on the VU 's later works : the even rawer "  White Light/White Heat "  1968  ; the quiet , sometimes brooding , occasionally ecstatic "  The Velvet Underground "  1969  ; the pop-directed "  Loaded "  1970  ; and the wide-ranging "  lost album " "  VU , " which was released in 1985 . That was 15 years after the band broke up . The Velvets would later reunite for a 1993 tour and , after guitarist Sterling Morrison 's passing , their 1996 introduction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Reed 's songs were generally minimalist , sometimes self-consciously poetic , and usually delivered with a deadpan vocal that was all the more haunting , given the songs ' subject matter . "  Heroin will be the death of me , " he sang on "  Heroin , " and then added , "  It 's my wife / and it 's my life , " followed by a chuckle so chilling it sounded like giving up . Combined with the squeal of Cale 's viola and the undertow of Tucker 's percussion , it was like peering down a dark alley . But Reed was nothing if not a student of pop as well . He 'd spent a couple pre-Velvet years slaving away at low-budget Pickwick Records learning the trade , and in his two - , three - and four-chord songs were undergirded with craftsmanship . Four chords may have been a bit much , anyway : "  One chord is fine . Two chords is pushing it . Three chords , and you 're into jazz , " he once said . "  Sunday Morning , " from the "  Velvet Underground and Nico " album , contrasted a gorgeous melody with warnings about the past . "  Jesus , " from "  The Velvet Underground , " had the purity of a prayer . And then there were "  Loaded 's " "  Sweet Jane " and "  Rock and Roll , " which -- in a more just universe -- would have been smash hits : the former a celebration of music , the latter a tribute to rock 'n' radio . His post-Velvets solo career was no less unpredictable . Befriended by David Bowie -- who acknowledged the VU 's influence on his soundalike 1971 song "  Queen Bitch " -- Reed created "  Transformer , " a 1972 LP that featured his only Top 40 hit , "  Walk on the Wild Side . " One of the more unlikely hit singles of the pre-MTV era , the song featured unmistakable references to drag queens and oral sex , not to mention a jazzy saxophone solo from Bowie himself  who also produced the record  . But Reed would never be pigeonholed . Three years later , he put out "  Metal Machine Music , " described by "  The Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll " as "  four sides of grating instrumental noise " and by rock critic  and frequent Reed sparring partner  Lester Bangs as "  the greatest album ever made . " Bangs was being sarcastic -- mostly -- but even his criticisms highlight the punk pleasure of ticking off authority figures : "  All landlords ... deserve whatever they get , and ` MMM ' is the all-time guaranteed lease breaker . Every tenant in America should own a copy of this album , " he wrote . Outsiders often become insiders , and that was no less true for Reed . By the '80s , indie bands were singling him out as a hero . His poker-faced demeanor became a TV mainstay on Honda scooter commercials . He demanded his MTV . He even got airplay for his new music , such as "  I Love You , Suzanne , " from his 1984 album "  New Sensations . " He also showed a more open sense of humor , something that often ran underneath his compositions , even at their bleakest . The humor was most obvious in his occasional acting roles . He played a slick record producer in Paul Simon 's 1980 film "  One Trick Pony , " and a Bob Dylan parody named Auden in the underrated 1983 comedy "  Get Crazy , " turning idle dialogue  "  It 's a deathbed request "  into instant songs . In recent decades , he had settled down with composer Laurie Anderson and become more reflective . With Cale , he paid tribute to Velvet Underground patron Andy Warhol with "  Songs for Drella "  1990  . His 1992 album "  Magic and Loss " looked at life and aging . It was all part of existence , just like heroin and pale blue eyes and new ages and street hassles . "  I 'm a realist . That 's why I listen to Lou Reed , " Bangs wrote in 1980 . But for all the darkness and light of his lyrics , the music was often the ticket to raw excitement . That 's why , even if all those people did n't form bands like the legend insists , the songs of Lou Reed will always matter . He summed it up in four deceptively simple words from the exuberant "  Rock and Roll . " "  It was all right , " he sang . "  It was all right . " Yes , it is .	Rock icon , artist and pop pioneer Lou Reed died Sunday Reed challenged the status quo with the Velvet Underground and in his solo career Even at his art 's bleakest , Reed 's work had an undercurrent of humor
CNN  -- The NBA rewarded patient fans Sunday with an exciting game that kick-started a season delayed five months by a lockout . The comeback New York Knicks , behind Carmelo Anthony 's 37 points , edged the Boston Celtics 106-104 . The much-anticipated rematch of last season 's NBA Finals , between the Dallas Mavericks and the Miami Heat , turned out to be a bust . The Heat beat the champions 105-94 , but the Mavs trailed by more than 30 points at times . Get ready to crown King James Other matches include the Chicago Bulls vs. the Los Angeles Lakers ; the Orlando Magic vs. the Oklahoma City Thunder ; and the Los Angeles Clippers vs. the Golden State Warriors . In November , NBA players and owners reached a tentative deal to end the league 's months-long lockout . At the center of the dispute behind the lockout was the debate over how much of the league 's revenue share should go to players , including for pensions and medical benefits -- something their union funded in the past . Owners had sought to change the old revenue-sharing arrangement that gave players 57 % of the revenue . The new deal offers a virtual 50-50 split . Full roundup of NBA action at Sports Illustrated	New York Knicks beat Boston Celtics in season opener Sunday 's games also included a disappointing rematch of last season 's NBA Finals The season was delayed because of a months-long lockout NBA players and owners reached a tentative deal in November
CNN  -- The primary joy of a bicycle is that , in its purest form , it 's little more than a highly efficient way of walking . Just grab the bike , climb aboard and pedal swiftly to the shop , the bar or wherever . Some cyclists , however , prefer their rides a bit more dramatic . Perhaps even scenic , remote and arduous . Here 's a selection of fantastic rides from around the world that take anything from a day to several months to complete . Do n't forget the anti-chafe cream . The Friendship Highway  China Whether or not the 800 kilometers  500 miles  between the Tibetan city of Lhasa and the Nepalese border is the planet 's most beautiful ride depends on your idea enjoyment of sometimes bleak high-altitude vistas . What 's in little doubt is that it 's the highest . The route includes three road passes of more than 5,000 meters  16,400 feet  , with a lung-bursting maximum of 5,220 meters over the Gyatso La mountain pass , where the reward on a clear day is a distant view of Everest . This , it goes without saying , is n't for everyone . Conditions can be testing and the distance between towns necessitates careful planning . Plus , the sensitive political situation in Tibet means individual travel can be tricky at times . For the sufficiently committed this remains one of the globe 's true adventures , from the religious and cultural wonders of Lhasa and Gyantse to the prayer flag-draped peak of the Gampa La mountain pass , with the vast , turquoise lake , Yamdrok Yumtso , shining in the valley below . If that 's not enough , the route ends with possibly the world 's longest descent , a precipitous 3,500-meter drop off the edge of the Tibetan plateau along muddy hairpins . La Ruta de los Conquistadores  Costa Rica Shorter but arguably no less arduous than the Friendship Highway is this 270-kilometer off-road ride across Costa Rica . From the Pacific to Caribbean coasts , this one takes in mud paths , rainforest , coffee plantations , even an extinct volcano . It can be completed in three days each November as part of the annual mountain bike race from which the ride takes its name . Those in less of a rush can spend as long as they like , whenever they like , tracing the route of the 16th-century Spanish conqueror Juan de Cavallon , the chief conquistador of the title . Costa Rica has a vast range of natural wonder packed into an area roughly the size of Switzerland , around a quarter of it national park -- La Ruta delivers a decent taste of this . Beginning in the surf resort of Jaco Beach , the route soon turns onto energy-sapping red mud dirt roads , climbing up . And up and up -- the official La Ruta course includes about 3,000 meters  9,842 feet  of climbing on the first day alone . Skirting the capital , San Jose , it passes near the extinct peak volcanic peak of Irazu and down again to mangrove forests and white sand beaches . The traditional end to the trip is a dip in the Caribbean . Riding in is optional . North Sea Cycle Route  Europe The NSCR , which also goes by the slightly less evocative name of Euro Velo Route 12 , is a Euroskeptic 's nightmare -- an EU-funded epic across eight countries that claims to be the longest signposted cycle route in the world . Covering almost 6,000 kilometers  3,728 miles  , it runs from the northern edge of Scotland 's Shetland Islands along the coasts of Britain , France , Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany , Denmark , Sweden and Norway . It hopefully goes without saying that there 's no need for anyone to attempt the whole thing . Inevitably , it also goes without saying that a surprising number of people do , mainly over a series of summers -- this is a route where the warmest spot is probably somewhere near Ostend on the coast of Belgium , so it 's really not one for winter . The more intrepid riders fill the official NSCR website with arcane tips about acquiring krone when crossing into Denmark and the best way to get themselves and their bikes over the sea crossings . The Shimanami Kaido  Japan At a shade more than 64 kilometers  40 miles  this is perhaps the only route on this list on which riders could reasonably consider taking their kids the full length without worrying about a visit from social services . Completely separated from the road , it snakes across a series of small , wonderfully scenic islands in Hiroshima prefecture , in the west of the country . Japan might be more popularly associated with the car rather than the bike , but cycling is common here and the Shimanami Kaido shows how two and four wheels can happily coexist . The segregated cycleway , which also has a lane for pedestrians , for the most part runs alongside the road , though there are diversions , not least the longer , more gentle and thus more leg-friendly slopes up to the high road bridges . Bikes can be hired at a series of points along the path . Some people complete the trip in a day , but many dawdle to gaze at the beautiful vistas along the Seto Inland Sea . This is a route for gentle meandering , not teeth-gritted grinding . Yes , there are tolls on the bridges for cyclists , but these are pretty small , more necessitating a pocket of change than a bank loan . Great Divide Mountain Bike Route  North America Want big ? This is big . An off-road touring route from Canada 's Alberta all the way to New Mexico . If the 4,400-kilometer  2,734 miles  length  as detailed on the Adventure Cycling website  is n't enough to start palpitations , how about a combined 61,000 meters  you do n't even want to know what that is in feet  of climbing ? Yes , that 's right , almost seven times the height of Everest -- from sea level , that is , not base camp . It 's also often extremely remote , and thus largely the preserve of wiry , wind-burnished men and women on much-traveled mountain bikes towing trailers filled with anti-bear spray , titanium camping spoons and nuclear fusion nano-stoves . It 's undeniably spectacular , taking in everything from woodland to mountains  did we forget to mention the Colorado Rockies ?  and the wastelands of the Great Basin . Potential companions could include grizzlies , moose , mountain lions and eagles . If that 's not enough to think about , weather conditions mean the trip is only really feasible from June to September , and even then flash rains can make sections impassably muddy for weeks at a time . Munda Biddi Trail  Australia Another epic , and this time in one of the more cutoff places in the world : Western Australia . At least with the Munda Biddi the route organizers might actually be on the rider 's side . Slightly . A vastly ambitious , recently completed 960-plus kilometer  596 miles  off-road route through the forested wilderness -- Munda Biddi means "  path through the forest " in the local indigenous language -- it runs from near the state capital , Perth , to Albany in the far southwest . The less ambitious can tackle smaller , less strenuous sections of just a day or more , and the official website gives updates on sometimes muddy trail conditions . Anyone planning the full slog would be wise to avoid the full heat of summer , and come prepared . That said , between towns there are designated campsites every 30 or so miles , with sleeping huts and water supplies . The South Downs Way  England File under "  deceptively tricky . " This 160-kilometer route  99 miles  is hardly alpine in outlook , crossing some of the most stereotypically lush and rolling English countryside you can imagine . But all those small ups and down add up . Riders tackling the entire route commit themselves to almost 4,300 meters  14,107 feet  of uphill pedaling . A much tramped walking route for thousands of years and now a fully signposted hiking trail , the South Downs Way meanders from the precipitous cliffs of Beachy Head to historic Winchester , virtually all off road and much of it on ancient chalky bridleways . Open to cyclists , walkers and horse riders , those on two wheels generally allow two or three days for the trip , and there are plenty of absurdly picturesque villages en route with pubs and guesthouses . Some hardy souls tackle the entire thing in a day , but there 's an argument that pedaling furiously through some of England 's most glorious vistas kind of misses the point . Know about an amazing cycle route that 's not on this list ? Tell us below . Peter Walker is a journalist based in the UK who regularly contributes to cycling publications . He once rode a bike most of the way from Sydney to London . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	China 's Friendship Highway takes cyclists 800 lung-bursting kilometers through foothills of Everest More relaxing rides are available -- Japan 's Shimanami Kaido can easily be completed in a day Riders might have bear or moose for company on the Great Divide bike route from Alberta , Canada to New Mexico
CNN  -- With 2014 fast approaching , media companies around the world are hard at work churning out their obligatory year-in-review/look ahead roundups . Guilty as charged -- you can find CNN Travel 's look ahead to what 's hot in 2014 right here . Last week we highlighted the most popular Facebook checkins . This week it 's Instagram 's turn to spill the beans on its users ' favorite places to photo-filter in 2013 . Once again , an attraction in Bangkok topped the list of the most Instagrammed places . Last year , the Thai capital 's international airport snagged the lead spot . In 2013 it 's a luxury shopping mall -- Siam Paragon , last year 's No. 2 .  See the 2012 Instagram list here . New to the most popular list in 2013 : Walt Disney World , New York City 's High Line and Central Park and the Bellagio Fountains in Las Vegas . The most Instagrammed locations of 2013 1 . Siam Paragon , Bangkok 2 . Times Square , New York 3 . Disneyland , Anaheim , California 4 . Bellagio Fountains , Las Vegas 5 . Disney World Florida 6 . Staples Center , Los Angeles 7 . Central Park , New York 8 . Dodger Stadium , Los Angeles 9 . Suvarnabhumi Airport  BKK  , Bangkok 10 . The High Line , New York That Bangkok managed to sneak two places into an otherwise exclusively U.S. list certainly seems curious . Jon Russell , Asia editor of global technology blog Thenextweb.com , explains why the photo-sharing app is so hot in the Southeast Asia nation . "  Instagram is hugely popular in Thailand where timing -- the app 's rise coincided with mass market adoption of smartphones -- and its use by Thai celebrities made it a must-have app for locals , " he tells CNN . "  Thais are less concerned by the privacy issues of tracking their location , and keen to show friends where they 've been . "  Plus Siam Paragon itself is more than just a shopping mall in Western terms . Aside from the many shops , cafes and restaurants -- taking a photo of your food/coffee is standard -- there 's an aquarium , cinema and more . " Most Instagrammed cities of 2013 Bangkok 's penchant for posting filtered shots of Siam Paragon and Suvarnabhumi was n't enough to put the Thai capital into the top spot for most Instagrammed cities overall . That honor went to New York City . "  In the course of the past year , we 've seen Instagram continue to grow across the globe , " says a post on the the photo sharing app 's blog . "  We 've been amazed to see the community thrive in places like Indonesia , Russia and Brazil . Sixty percent of Instagrammers are now sharing photos and videos from outside of the United States , so we wanted to also share the most Instagrammed cities in the world . " Here they are : 1 . New York 2 . Bangkok 3 . Los Angeles 4 . London 5 . S # o Paulo 6 . Moscow 7 . Rio de Janeiro 8 . San Diego , California 9 . Las Vegas 10 . San Francisco Are you a fan of Instagram ? Do you wish people would stop posting photos of their lunch ? Share your thoughts on sharing in the comments .	Bangkok luxury mall Siam Paragon was most Instagrammed place in 2013 Instagram app incredibly popular in Thailand , partly due to celebrity use Most Instagrammed city in the world is New York , followed by Bangkok and Los Angeles
CNN  -- Spanish side Atletico Madrid have named former player Diego Simeone as their new coach in succession to Gregorio Manzano , who was dismissed after this week 's Spanish Cup defeat by Albacete . Former Argentina international Simeone , who will be officially presented to the media on Tuesday , returns to the Vicente Calderon stadium after two previous stints there as a player . The Atletico board turned to the 41-year-old after losing patience with Manzano , whose last game in charge was Wednesday 's 1-0 home loss to third division side Albacete . Is this Barcelona team the best of all time ? That defeat saw Atletico crash out of the Spanish Cup 3-1 on aggregate , while they are also trailing in 10th place in the Primera Liga , 21 points behind leaders and city rivals Real Madrid . Director of football Jose Luis Caminero told the official Atletico website : "  The results have not been good and we decided that to change the direction of the team , we had to change the coach . "  Diego has signed a contract for the remainder of this season and for next season . He knows the demands of the fans because they understand , like us , that this club must always be near the top . "  Our goal must be to be among the top four clubs , Diego is aware of this requirement and we are confident that we will achieve it under him . " As a player , Simeone starred for Argentina in the 1994 , 1998 and 2002 World Cups -- gaining notoriety in the 1998 tournament in France when David Beckham 's kick at him resulted in the England midfielder 's dismissal . He retired as a player in 2006 and has coached Italian club Catania , as well as Argentine sides Racing Club , Estudiantes , River Plate and San Lorenzo . Meanwhile , Holders Real Madrid and Barcelona are in line to meet in the quarterfinals of the Spanish Cup , if both sides win their last 16 matches next month . Jose Mourinho 's side face a tricky two-legged encounter with Malaga , while Barcelona take on Osasuna , with another El Clasico clash lying in wait should they both progress . The Spanish giants met in last season 's final , with a Cristiano Ronaldo header in extra-time securing victory for Real , the only Madrid victory in seven matches against their rivals in 2011 .	Atletico Madrid name Argentine Diego Simeone as their new first team coach Simeone replaces Gregorio Manzano who was dismissed earlier this week Simeone returns to Atletico after two successful stints as a player with the club
Minamisanriku , Japan  CNN  -- As some in Japan officially kicked off their first work week Monday since its epic earthquake and tsunami , others -- especially in the country 's northeast -- grieved the loss of loved ones , kept fleeting hopes that missing could be found alive and tried to come to grips with a disaster that literally tore some communities apart . The nation 's Kyodo News Agency , citing Prime Minister Naoto Kan , reported more than 15,000 people have been rescued in the days since Friday 's 8.9-magnitude tremor . But , while 1,598 people were officially dead Monday according to the National Police Agency Emergency Disaster Headquarters , the fear was that the final death toll could be exponentially higher . That official figure , for instance , does not include 200 to 300 bodies in Sendai that have yet to be recovered , Kyodo reports . Nor does it include half the population of Minamisanriku -- some 9,500 people -- who may be unaccounted for . In that northeastern Japanese town , a family photo album lay on the sodden ground , showing a beaming man holding a newborn baby -- happiness out of place amid the devastation and carnage left by a tsunami that occurred just after a massive earthquake . Only a handful of buildings were left standing , with the rest a mangled mess of rubble . A boat sat on the edge of town , carried more than two miles inland by the tsunami . When the tsunami warning sounded Friday , "  Most people ran away , " said Choushin Takahashi , who was working in a local government office near the water . "  Some had to leave the elderly or disabled behind on the second floor . I think a lot of those left behind probably died . " As the wave hit , he said he felt as if it was happening in a dream . "  I saw the bottom of the sea when the tidal wave withdrew and houses and people were being washed out , " another resident said . "  I could n't watch anymore . " A dramatic rescue took place off Japan 's coast Sunday , when a Japanese destroyer rescued a 60-year-old man at sea , some 15 kilometers  9 miles  off Fukushima prefecture , according to Kyodo News Agency . The man , identified as Hiromitsu Shinkawa of Minamisoma , was swept away with his house , Kyodo said . He was spotted floating in the sea , waving a self-made red flag while standing on a piece of his house 's roof . Shinkawa was conscious and in good condition , Kyodo said , citing Defense Ministry officials . He was quoted as telling rescuers he had left his home because of the quake , but returned home to grab some belongings with his wife when the tsunami hit . "  I was saved by holding onto the roof , " he said , "  but my wife was swept away . " When a member of Japan 's Maritime Self Defense Force handed him something to drink on the rescue boat , Shinkawa drank it and burst into tears , Kyodo reported . "  No helicopters or boats that came nearby noticed me , " he said . " ... I thought today was the last day of my life . " In Minamisanriku , search and rescue efforts were frequently disturbed by tsunami alerts prompted by ongoing aftershocks . When the alarm sounded , police abandoned their cars , rescue workers blew whistles and people rushed to high ground . "  It 's your life ! " shouted one man . "  Run ! " It was a false alarm , but such warnings are taken seriously in the wake of the disaster . In Sendai , south of Minamisanriku , Hiroki Otomo said his mother and uncle remain missing . They were at the family 's home when the tsunami struck . "  Frightening beyond belief , " Otomo said . "  I have no words . " Many areas of the town are simply gone -- mud and splintered wood littering an area where a row of homes used to stand ; a vehicle upside-down among tree branches . A school , which had 450 people inside when the tsunami hit , stood with its doors blown open and a jumble of furniture -- plus a truck -- in its hallways . Some teachers and students were able to escape the building , but officials said others did not . Sendai residents said the water reached the treetops as it swept into the town . Cars were tossed like toys , windows blasted out and homes crushed or swept away completely . "  As I was trying to evacuate , the tsunami was already in front of me , " another young man said . "  I tried to drive , but I ended up running instead . " Some four-wheel-drive vehicles were seen on Sendai roads . Military choppers hovered overhead . Among those yet to be rescued Sunday were those trapped in a hospital , officials said . "  I 've been watching TV , but it looks much worse when I actually see it in person , " said a third young man . "  I grew up in the house that was not close to the ocean . I did n't think it would be this bad , but I 'm from the west side and I guess some people could not imagine the horror of the tsunami and could n't evacuate in time . " Some residents of coastal Sendai returned to their homes Sunday , salvaging what they could . Others stood in long lines for limited fuel and , especially , for food and water . The line at one food and water distribution center was several blocks long . Melissa Heng said she has many colleagues who are unable to reach friends and family living elsewhere in Miyagi prefecture , as phone service has been spotty . That , she said , is "  adding to the emotional toll . " But "  for a city that 's seen so much tragedy in the last few days , the people seem very calm , " she said . Many families are focusing on the cleanup process , she said , and there is a sense that "  we 're all in this together . " CNN 's Kyung Lah , Allan Chernoff , Phil Han and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	The official death toll is 1,598 , though fears are it will rise much higher Citing the prime minister , Kyodo says over 15,000 have been rescued In Minamisanriku , up to 9,500 people are unaccounted for
CNN  -- Has the world of football bitten back ? One of the game 's most controversial characters , Luis Suarez , has been left off the 23-man longlist for the prestigious Ballon d'Or for "  disgracing himself on the pitch . " The award , which is voted for by coaches and captains of national teams and journalists across the world selected by France Football Magazine , will be awarded in Zurich , Switzerland , on January 12 . While the likes of holder Cristiano Ronaldo and four-time winner Lionel Messi are up for the gong , Suarez 's name is nowhere to be seen , despite the former Liverpool striker jointly winning the Golden Boot with the Real Madrid forward . Barcelona 's Suarez returned to action in last weekend 's El Clasico against Real Madrid after completing his four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini during Uruguay 's World Cup clash with Italy . Football 's bad boy has paid the price for his behavior according to Philippe Auclair , the London-based correspondent for France Football Magazine . "  The criteria used for the selection of the longlist of Ballon d'Or contenders by France Football and FIFA are very clear , " Auclair told CNN . "  A player who has disgraced himself on the pitch as Suarez has , can not and will not be included , regardless of his achievements throughout the calendar year . "  In short , under no circumstances could the Uruguayan be considered for the award . I think that this is clear enough . " Suarez joined the Catalan club for a transfer fee reported to be in the region of  # 75 million  $ 128.5 million  following a sensational season with Liverpool . The 27-year-old scored 31 goals for Liverpool with the team just missing out on the English Premier League title , although it did qualify for the Champions League for the first time in four seasons . Suarez 's snub looks to have come following his bite on Chiellini -- the third time he has committed such an offense during his career . Tony Barrett , football writer for the Times newspaper who watched Suarez on a weekly basis during his time at Liverpool , says the forward can only blame himself for his absence from the list of nominees . "  On the basis of his outstanding form last season , Luis Suarez 's omission from the nominees for the Ballon d'Or is staggering , " Barrett told CNN . "  By common consensus , the forward was among world football 's best performing players as he inspired a wholly unexpected title challenge from Liverpool . "  In terms of form , ability and performance levels , any list of the world 's top players over the last 12 months which does not include Suarez will inevitably provoke debate and , in some cases , shock . "  The only conclusion to be drawn is that his bite on Chiellini cost him inclusion and , as ever , Suarez has only himself to blame for this . "  Regardless of that , his standing as a player has already been reflected in more meaningful fashion by the fact that Barcelona were willing to pay  # 75 million to sign him . " While the debate over Suarez continues to rage , Ronaldo and Messi are likely to go head-to-head once again , while there are several other candidates who will fancy their chances . Brazil and Barcelona star Neymar is on the list alongside the likes of Real Madrid quartet Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema , James Rodriguez and Sergio Ramos Bayern Munich and Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer enjoyed a fine year , helping his club win the league title before lifting the World Cup in Brazil . Neuer 's Bayern teammate , Arjen Robben , who helped the Netherlands qualify for the semifinals in Brazil , is also in with a shout . Bayern captain Phillip Lahm is on the list alongside teammate Bastian Schweinsteiger and Mario Gotze , the man who scored the winner in the World Cup final . Five players from England 's Premier League have been nominated including Manchester City 's Yaya Toure , Manchester United 's Angel Di Maria and the Chelsea trio of Eden Hazard , Diego Costa and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . France and Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is the sole representative from Serie A , while Ligue 1 is boosted by the presence of Paris Saint-Germain and Sweden forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic . In the managerial stakes , 10 nominees have been named including Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho -- despite his failure to win a trophy last season . Joachim Low , the man who led Germany to victory at the World Cup will be one of the favorites to be named as coach of the year . Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti , who led his club to Champions League glory last term , is joined by Pep Guardiola of Bayern Munich , Manuel Pellegrini of Manchester City and Diego Simeone , who presided over Atletico Madrid 's title win in Spain last season . There is also room for Alejandro Sabella , who took Argentina to the World Cup final , Louis van Gaal of Manchester United , Antonio Conte of Italy and Jurgen Klinsmann , coach of Team USA .	The 23-name longlist for the Ballon d'Or has been revealed Cristiano Ronaldo won the title last year List will be whittled down to three names by December 1 Winner set to be announced on January 12
Simferopol , Crimea  CNN  -- A deadline Ukraine 's acting President gave Crimea 's separatist leaders to release hostages came and went without apparent incident Wednesday , after pro-Russian activists stormed the former Soviet state 's navy headquarters in the region . Amid signs the uneasy standoff between pro-Russian and Ukrainian forces could ignite into bloody conflict -- a day after Moscow claimed Crimea as its own -- almost 300 armed pro-Russian supporters took over the naval base in Sevastopol , said Marina Kanalyuk , assistant to the commander of Ukraine 's navy fleet . "  They are everywhere here , they surround us , they threaten us , " she said , adding that she was sure that Russian security forces were involved . Kanalyuk said the 70 or so Ukrainian naval officers at the headquarters had tried to stop the armed men from entering and were negotiating with them . She said that the armed men had replaced Ukrainian flags with Russian standards but that no shots had been fired . Ukrainian navy chief Sergey Gaiduk was taken away . Russia 's official ITAR-Tass news agency , citing the local Kryminform news agency , reported Gaiduk had been passed to the Sevastopol prosecutor 's office to be questioned about whether he 'd passed on orders from Kiev for Ukrainian soldiers to use their weapons . Acting President Oleksandr Turchynov issued a 9 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  deadline for Crimea to release all hostages and stop all provocations , a statement on the presidential website said . That deadline passed with no apparent consequences . It had warned that if all hostages , including Gaiduk , were not released by then , authorities would take action of "  technical and technological character , " likely meaning turning off utilities . Meanwhile in Kiev , officials unveiled a series of new measures against Russia and the "  self-proclaimed " authorities in Crimea . In a televised briefing , Andriy Porubiy , secretary of the national defense and security council , said the measures included a full-scale visa system for Russians and that if the United Nations designates Crimea a "  demilitarized zone , " Ukraine was prepared to evacuate its military personnel and family members . Ukraine has facilities ready to accommodate 25,000 evacuees . The country has decided to leave the Commonwealth of Independent States , an organization made up of republics of the former Soviet Union , Porubiy said . Kiev also will estimate the damages caused by the annexation . NATO : ` Business as usual is not an option ' The incident at the navy headquarters comes a day after one member of the Ukrainian military was killed , another wounded and more captured when masked gunmen seized their base near the Crimean regional capital , Simferopol . After that fatality -- the first Ukrainian military death since the Crimean crisis erupted about two weeks ago -- Ukraine 's Defense Ministry authorized its forces to open fire in self-defense . On the same day , Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the annexation of Crimea , after voters in the semi-autonomous territory approved a hastily called weekend referendum on separating from Ukraine . Speaking in Washington , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned of the organization 's fear that Russia may move into eastern Ukraine . "  I see Crimea as an element in , in a greater pattern , in a more long-term Russian , or at least Putin , strategy . So , of course , our major concern now is whether he will go beyond Crimea , whether Russia will intervene in the eastern parts  of Ukraine  , " he said . "  No one wants to turn away from our cooperation with Russia , but no one can ignore that Russia has violated the very principles upon which that cooperation is built . So business as usual is not an option , " Rasmussen said . Elsewhere , the head of Ukraine 's state TV reportedly was assaulted by at least three lawmakers from Ukraine 's far-right Svoboda party and forced to resign . In a video posted online , the MPs could be seen arguing with to Oleksandr Panteleymonov , asking him why the station aired a concert from Moscow live . He was then roughed up . Speaking to CNN by phone from hospital where he said he was being checked for injuries , Panteleymonov called the incident a "  quarrel " and confirmed he had to sign a paper . The U.S. embassy in Kiev condemned the incident . U.N. chief to visit Russia , Ukraine As diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis continue , the United Nations said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon would visit Russia and Ukraine this week "  as part of his diplomatic efforts to encourage all parties to resolve the current crisis peacefully . " He will meet Putin and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow on Thursday and Turchynov and Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday in Kiev . Speaking at the United Nations on Wednesday , Ukraine 's U.N. Ambassador Yuriy Sergeyev called upon "  the entire civilized world not to recognize the illegitimately declared independence of Crimea and its violent dismembering from the territory of our country . " He expressed reservations about the referendum , saying that Russian citizens were able to vote and journalists were banned . "  The declaration of independence by the Crimean Republic is a direct consequence of the application of the use of force and threats against Ukraine by the Russian Federation , " Sergeyev said . U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power echoed his comments , stressing that what happened in Crimea can not be recognized as valid , nor can it be repeated in other parts of Ukraine . "  A thief can steal property , but that does not confer the right of ownership on the thief , " she said . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , dispatched to reassure NATO allies in Eastern Europe and the Baltics , met Wednesday with the presidents of Lithuania and Latvia in Lithuania 's capital , Vilnius . He stressed the United States was committed to the defense of its NATO allies and had stern words for Moscow 's response to the political upheaval in Ukraine . "  Russia has chosen to respond with military aggression , a referendum rejected by virtually the entire world , illegal efforts to annex Crimea and now reports of armed attacks against Ukrainian military personnel and installations in Crimea , " he said . "  I want to make it clear : We stand resolutely with our Baltic allies in support of the Ukrainian people and against Russian aggression . " U.S. officials are keeping a close eye on the growing number of heavily equipped Russian forces near the Ukraine border because of concern the troops could move into Ukraine with little or no warning . One U.S. official with access to the latest intelligence said the estimate is that in recent days , Russia has assembled up to 20,000 forces in "  motorized " units . They are so close to the border that the United States would not have enough time to predict what they might do , but would only see it as it was happening , the official said . One theory the U.S. is considering is that the Russians may plan to establish a "  land bridge " into Crimea , the official said . He described it as moving forces to an area they can control , so they have assured access in the future . Also Wednesday , Ukraine 's deputy premier , Vitaly Yarema , and acting Defense Minister Ihor Tenuyh took off from Kiev , planning to fly to Crimea to "  resolve all problematic issues , " but Crimean authorities would not allow them to land , the statement on the Ukrainian presidential website said . Escalation fear Yatsenyuk warned Tuesday the crisis was shifting "  from political to the military form , and the blame is on the Russian military . " The weekend 's contested referendum has been condemned by the interim Kiev government , the United States and the European Union . But Russia remains steadfastly defiant . For Ukrainians , ` it 's hard to not be concerned ' Russia 's Constitutional Court unanimously ruled Wednesday that the agreement between the Russian Federation and Crimea on its accession to Russia was lawful , state news agency RIA Novosti reported . The step clears the way for the country 's lawmakers to vote on ratifying the accession agreement , as well as draft amendments to the Russian Constitution , it said . The State Duma , or lower house , will hold a special session Thursday to ratify the treaty , ITAR-Tass reported . Putin made it clear Tuesday , in a speech greeted by enthusiastic applause by Russian lawmakers , that Moscow has no intention of relinquishing its grip on Crimea , a Black Sea peninsula with historical ties to Russia . "  In our hearts , we know Crimea has always been an inalienable part of Russia , " he said . Of those who cast a ballot , 96.7 % voted in favor of Crimea leaving Ukraine and joining Russia , according to the Crimean Electoral Commission . But the ballot questions offered no real option for any residents who wanted to remain part of Ukraine . Putin said Russia had to act because Ukraine 's new government , backed by Washington and European powers , was prepared "  to seize the state through terror and murders . " But Yatsenyuk called it "  a robbery on an international scale , " one that Kiev will never accept . Members of the Russian parliament and the new Crimean legislature met Wednesday morning in Moscow to discuss the details of how the region will join Russia . Russia 's annexation of Crimea opportune or opportunistic ? Rising tensions Crimean lawmakers have said they now see Ukrainian soldiers as an occupying force and have given them a certain amount of time to leave the peninsula . The Ukrainian troops have been encircled by pro-Russian forces in their bases for days . They have also come under pressure from pro-Russian crowds who gather outside and call on those still loyal to Kiev to surrender or defect to Russia 's military . CNN teams on the ground have seen Russian forces also show up to reinforce that message . Putin has denied Russia 's military has been used in Crimea , despite what has been stated by international observers and the government of Kiev . The pro-Russian forces seen in Crimea are Crimean "  self-defense " forces , he said . Putin said the 22,000 Russian troops in Crimea did not enter during the current crisis , but "  were already there , " in accordance with previous international negotiations . Russian forces were allowed in Crimea under a treaty that allowed the Black Sea fleet to be based in the port of Sevastopol , but their movements within Crimea are supposed to be agreed upon with Kiev . U.S. and EU officials have imposed sanctions on more than two dozen Russian and Crimean officials and urged Russia to avoid escalating the crisis , but Moscow has ignored those calls . Putin may be under international pressure over Russia 's actions in Crimea , but public opinion is firmly behind him at home . Cheering crowds celebrated the announcement that Crimea was now part of Russia at some 80 rallies across the country , from Vladivostok to Moscow 's Red Square . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Simferopol and Ivan Watson from Kiev , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Azad Safarov and Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Business as usual is not an option , " says NATO secretary general NEW : He warns of the organization 's fear that Russia may move into eastern Ukraine Ukraine says prepared to evacuate military personnel and family members from Crimea On visit to Baltic states , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden slams Russian "  aggression "
CNN  -- At least seven people were killed and 68 others were wounded after three car bomb explosions Wednesday in Iraq 's oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk , said Jamal Taher , police chief . One of bombings occurred outside a building in central Kirkuk used by Kurdish security forces . Another explosion occurred near an Iraqi federal police patrol in central Kirkiuk . And another car bomb targeted a police patrol in south Kirkuk , Taher said . These coordinated attacks resembled past attacks by al Qaeda in Iraq , Kirkuk police said In other attacks , eight civilians were wounded Wednesday morning when two roadside bombs exploded in two Baghdad neighborhoods , police said . On Tuesday , an Iraqi army officer , Brigadier General Ahsan Ali Mohammed , was killed when a bomb exploded outside his house in western Baghdad 's Ghazaliya neighborhood , police said .	The attacks occurred in Iraq 's oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk , police said There were at least 68 people wounded in the attacks in Kirkuk
Washington  CNN  -- Vegas stole the slogan . But cruise ships can also lay claim : Whatever happens on cruise ships , stays on cruise ships . Only a tiny portion of alleged crimes on cruise ships is ever publicly disclosed , according to a report by the Senate Commerce Committee . Of 959 crimes reported to the FBI since 2011 , only 31 were disclosed on a web site maintained by the U.S. Coast Guard . As a consequence , passengers have an incomplete picture of crime on board of ships . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , a West Virginia Democrat , disclosed the statistics on Wednesday in advance of a hearing on safety and security on cruise ships . Luxury cruise fails surprise health inspection "  I 've been told time and again that cruise lines will change , that things will get better for passengers , " Rockefeller said in a statement . "  But according to our investigation , it does n't appear to me that passengers are substantially safer . " In 2007 , the FBI , Coast Guard and the cruise lines agreed that the industry would voluntarily report to the FBI incidents involving serious violations of U.S. law , including homicide , suspicious death , missing U.S. nationals , kidnapping , assault with bodily injury , sexual assaults , firing or tampering with vessels , and theft greater than $ 10,000 . Three years later , Congress ordered the Coast Guard to maintain a web-based statistical record of alleged crimes . But the site discloses only incidents no longer under investigation , giving the public an incomplete picture , Rockefeller said . Rockefeller has introduced legislation that would require industry to disclose all crime alleged on cruise ships , and beef up video surveillance of public areas . It also would give the Department of Transportation the lead agency for cruise ship consumer protection , akin to its role in aviation . 5 things we 've learned about cruising Crime on cruise ships , though infrequent , presents special problems , Rockefeller said . "  If someone steals your property or assaults you on a cruise ship , you can not call 911 and have the police there in a few minutes . You can only call the ship 's security officers , who also happen to be employees of the cruise line , " he said in written remarks . "  Under current law , cruise ship crime report data is not available to the public . That means consumers have no way to find out what their real risks are before they book a cruise . " The industry emphasizes that crimes are infrequent . For instance , two big cruise companies , Carnival and Royal Caribbean , reported a combined seven incidents in the quarter ending June 30 . All were either assaults involving serious bodily injury or sexual assaults . "  There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our guests , " Carnival says on its web site . "  Public reporting requirements ... are unique to the cruise industry and similar requirements do not exist for other travel suppliers such as airlines , hotels and theme parks . " In a cruise ship crisis , what should happen ?	Only a small portion of incidents on cruise ships publicly disclosed , Senate investigation finds Coast Guard record on Web gives public incomplete picture of cruise ship crime Industry says incidents infrequent , notes absence of reporting requirements for airlines , other modes
CNN  -- The Hoh Rain Forest does n't let visitors see far into the trees . Its annual rainfall exceeds 12 feet , providing the fuel to grow thick canopied foliage that once stretched continuously from Alaska to Central California . But the Olympic peninsula is n't just home to some of the last slivers of temperate rain forest in North America . Eastward through the impenetrable trees stands glacier-capped Mount Olympus and to the west is Washington state 's rocky coast . Olympic National Park celebrated its 75th anniversary on June 29 . From the 600-foot deep Lake Crescent to the Douglas firs at Staircase , the park 's nearly one million acres is one of the last stretches of untouched wilderness in North America . Park stats : Olympic National Park was the seventh-most visited national park in 2012 . It has averaged nearly 3 million visitors a year since 2008 . The location : The park is on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington , about two and half hours northwest of Seattle . The Washington State Ferry system offers a variety of ways to access the Olympic Peninsula . William R. Fairchild International Airport , the closest airport to the park , is in Port Angeles , the closest city . If you go : Park admission is $ 15 a vehicle . Individual passes are $ 5  hiker , bicycle , motorcycle  and children 15 and younger are free . Passes are valid for seven days . Backcountry visitors must purchase a Wilderness Camping Permit . The cost is a $ 5 registration fee plus $ 2 for each camper . Reservations are required for camping in certain areas . Olympic National Park 's nearly 1 million acres consist of mountains , rain forest and beaches . Each area has unique weather patterns that can be unpredictable . Be sure to check tide charts and trail conditions before planning adventures . Meet our ranger : Barb Maynes is the public information officer at Olympic National Park . Originally from New Jersey , Maynes , 57 , says her infatuation with nature started earlier than she can remember because her family took yearly camping trips in national parks . When Maynes was 13 , they spent six weeks exploring national parks in the Southwest . At the Grand Canyon , Maynes says she befriended a ranger . "  He had quite a bit of patience with me , answered all the questions I had , " she says . "  By the end of the four days , I decided I wanted to be just like him when I grew up . " Maynes worked as an intern at Shenandoah National Park during college . After college , she applied to Grand Canyon "  on a lark " and was hired as a winter employee . She spent eight years working as a seasonal ranger in six national parks before landing her first permanent job at George Washington Birthplace National Monument . Maynes came to Olympic National Park in 1988 . "  Olympic has a little bit of everything , and it is extremely diverse , " she says . "  Whatever your mood is , you can do that here -- be on a mountain top , walk through a sheltered forest or walk on a beach . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Seeing the sunrise from Hurricane Ridge , driving along Lake Crescent , visiting the Hoh Rain Forest and heading toward the coast . "  Hoh  is the place where you can experience a temperate rain forest , and it 's a pretty rare sort of ecosystem , " she says . "  In spring , there are days when it really does look like the air is green . " Favorite less-traveled spot : An approximately seven-mile hike on the Grand Ridge Trail between Obstruction Point Road and Deer Park Road . Maynes said both roads are gravel and are at high elevations . They do not require a four-wheel-drive vehicle , she says , but do n't try driving an RV on them . "  They tend to have 10 to 12 feet of snow during the winter and do n't typically open until part way through the summer , so it 's really a treat to get out there , " she says . Favorite spot to view wildlife : Coastal tide pools during low tide . The pools feature a variety of wildlife including star fish and anemones . "  It 's kind of a whole new world and a whole new picture of wildlife , " she says . Most magical moment in the park : Fourth of July on Rialto Beach . Maynes went with friends to the beach to watch fireworks set off from the Quileute Indian Reservation  It is illegal to have fireworks in national parks  . As the fireworks began to wane , she noticed the waves started to glow with bioluminescence . "  Wherever we walked and put pressure on the sand , our footprints were glowing behind us , " she says . "  We  also  had these phenomenal natural fireworks that were happening in the water . " Funniest moment in the park : Stumbling upon a black bear in the Elwha Valley that was eating elk intestines like spaghetti noodles . "  I was thinking about bears , and I was thinking about how it was the time of year that you have a fairly good chance to see one because they are emerging from their dens , " she says . "  That was closer than I wanted to be to a bear . " Oddest moment at the park : Her daughter falling into a tree well while they were snowshoeing on Hurricane Ridge . Maynes says the winds that whip over Hurricane Ridge create massive snow drifts . But the snow does not accumulate at the base of trees , creating a well where you can sometimes see all the way to the ground around trees . "  I was trying to introduce her to being an outdoors gal , and we went up to have a closer look at the trees , " Maynes says . "  She said ` Mom , ' and I turned around and she was n't there . Thankfully , she was n't hurt . We do caution people to stay away from the tree wells . " A ranger 's request : Pack in anticipation of varying weather patterns . "  It might seem intuitive , " she says . "  But I think it 's a little hard to overestimate how changeable the weather is and to be really be prepared for anything . " Another park she 'd like to visit : Buck Island Reef National Monument in the Virgin Islands . The island is surrounded by a coral reef . "  It 's an area of the country that I have n't been and so that is very interesting to me . " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Olympic includes rain forests , snow-capped mountains and the Pacific coast Temperate rain forests once stretched from Alaska to Central California Lake Crescent was carved by a glacier and is 600 feet deep
Nashville , Tennessee  CNN  -- One-third of Americans have a favorable view of the Tea Party movement , but a plurality has no opinion at all , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey indicates that 26 percent of the public has an unfavorable view of the Tea Party movement and that 4 in 10 have not heard of the movement or do n't know enough to form an opinion . The poll 's Friday-morning release comes as what 's billed as the first national Tea Party convention begins its first full day of meetings in Nashville . "  The Tea Party movement is a blank slate to many Americans , which is not surprising for a political movement that is only about a year old , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Not surprisingly , opinion breaks along partisan and ideological lines . " According to the survey , Democrats by a 2-to-1 margin have an unfavorable view of the Tea Party movement ; Republicans like it by a 3-to-1 margin . Among independents , 35 percent of independents holding a positive view and 24 percent a negative view . What 's the future of the Tea Party movement ? On Saturday , Sarah Palin will serve as the convention 's keynote speaker . The also poll indicates that Americans are split on the former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee , with 43 percent seeing her in a positive light and 46 percent holding an unfavorable view . "  Opinion on Sarah Palin also breaks down along party lines , with seven in 10 Democrats disliking her and seven in 10 Republicans with a positive view . She has a net-negative rating among independents : 42 percent favorable and 47 percent unfavorable , " Holland added . "  She also continues to rate better among men than women . " The Tea Party movement developed last year in protest to what its supporters saw as overspending in Washington -- by both Republicans and Democrats -- after the stimulus bill , the bank bailouts and President Obama 's budget . The poll was conducted January 22-24 , with 1,009 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll : One-third in U.S. favor the Tea Party movement 4 in 10 in poll had not heard of Tea Parties or had no opinion about them Democrats by a 2-to-1 margin have an unfavorable view of Tea Party movement Sarah Palin to be keynote speaker at national Tea Party convention on Saturday
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Palestinian militants fired a long-range rocket from Gaza into southwestern Israel on Tuesday morning . It was the first such attack into the city of Ashkelon since the two sides declared a cease-fire , the Israeli military said . This aerial view shows the power station and industrial zone of Ashkelon , Israel , in March of 2008 . The missile fired from a Grad rocket launcher did not cause any injuries or damage in the coastal city , said a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces . Rockets fired from a Grad have a longer range than the crude , home-made Qassams that Palestinian militants in Gaza fire more frequently . Militants have used Grads to strike farther into Israel . Ashkelon lies 12 miles  19 km  north of Gaza . Israel and Hamas , the Islamic militant group that has ruled Gaza since 2007 , declared separate , tentative cease-fires two weeks ago after more than three weeks of fighting in Gaza . Israel launched the attack on Hamas in Gaza on December 27 with the stated aim of ending rocket attacks on southern Israel . More than 1,300 Palestinians died and about 5,400 others were wounded . Thirteen Israelis , including 10 soldiers , were also killed in the fighting . Since the two sides declared a cease-fire on January 21 , militants have sporadically fired rockets into Israel . Israel has responded with air strikes . CNN 's Igor Krotov contributed to this report .	It 's the first attack into Ashkelon since cease-fire two weeks ago Coastal city of Ashkelon is about 12 miles north of Gaza Israeli Defense Forces say missile did n't cause any damage or injuries Palestinians say more than 1,300 died after recent Israeli attacks on Hamas
CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano unveiled a $ 700 million plan on Tuesday to help Mexico fight violent drug cartels , which includes a U.S. crackdown on the flow of weapons and money into Mexico . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano says the DHS plan will address demand and border security . The move sets the stage for visits to Mexico by three administration Cabinet members , starting tomorrow with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in an effort to stem drug-related violence and prevent it from spilling into the United States . CNN 's Kyra Phillips spoke with Napolitano on Tuesday about the United States ' involvement in the Mexican government 's war against drug cartels and the United States ' stake in the conflict . Kyra Phillips : Well , I want to get right to it because we 'll never be able to defeat the drug lords until our own demand for drugs here in the U.S. is curbed . I mean , it is our consumption in the U.S. that fuels the drug lord production . So , what are you going to do to decrease that demand ? Janet Napolitano : Well , the whole package we announced today is not only about enforcement and stopping the flow of drugs into the United States and helping Mexico against these very brutal cartels , but it includes money for more drug courts and reduction in demand . So , we look forward to working on the demand side as well as the supply side , but I 'll tell you , where the Department of Homeland Security is concerned , it 's all about border safety and security and making sure that spillover violence does not erupt in our own country . Phillips : We 're talking about more than 200 cities , cities that we 'd never think of , like Sheboygan , Wisconsin , and Sioux Falls -LSB- South Dakota -RSB- . I mean , what about the people right now that are dealing with sexual abuse , murder , house invasions , kidnapping ? Napolitano : That 's right . What is happening , for those who do n't live on the border , is that there are some large drug cartels . They 're old . They 've been in Mexico for a long time , but they 've gotten larger and more powerful . The president of Mexico has said , enough . And he is really going after those cartels . We 've been clamping down on the land border , so the cartels simultaneously are fighting each other over ever-diminishing turf and they 're fighting the federal government of Mexico . And that 's what 's caused 6,000 homicides in Mexico -- northern Mexico last year -- 550 of which were law enforcement or public officials who were assassinated by the cartels . But the cartels got so big and powerful because they were bringing tonnage loads of cocaine and other illegal drugs into our country , and their organizations ultimately went to supply those who are using illegal drugs in places like Sheboygan and places -- other places where you would n't think of having any connection with these big cartels . Their fingers were everywhere . We want to shut those cartels down . Phillips : Well , there are a lot of leaders here in the United States that say it 's been -- we 've helped those cartels . We 've actually helped fuel the problem . And if you look at -LSB- Sen. -RSB- Dick Durbin -LSB- D-Illinois -RSB- , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs , he said the drugs are coming north , and we 're sending money and guns south . And as a result , these cartels have gained extraordinary power . And he also added , about 90 percent of guns seized in Mexican raids are traced back to the United States , About 2,000 firearms cross the border into Mexico daily . Napolitano : Well , it 's a significant number of the guns used in this wave of violence in northern Mexico absolutely come from the United States . That 's why part of our plan is increasing the number of agents who are going to inspect southbound vehicles . That 's why we 're sending technology to the border that will allow us to scan or do noninvasive X-rays to see whether cars are carrying assault weapons , other kinds of weapons that are now flowing into Mexico to fuel these drug cartels . And to find these huge truckloads , basically , of cash that are garnered in the United States and sent to Mexico . This is a strategy that we are -- have used in certain places . Now we 're employing it border wide . Phillips : So , Madam Secretary , let me ask you about the military . For example , we 've covered the city of Juarez , Mexico . You know how bad of a place that has been . Brutal murders , sexual abuse against women , people being beheaded , kidnapped . I mean , just ruthless cartel activity . And what did Mexico do ? They took 5,000 military troops , 1,200 federal police officers and just about bombarded Juarez . And so , now they 've seen a drop in these drug-related killings . It 's sort of like what we saw in Iraq , you know , putting in troop surges into certain areas , and you saw a drop in violence . Would you ever consider doing something like that , getting the military involved and saying , OK , we ca n't take this anymore , we 've got to do something drastic or it wo n't work ? Napolitano : Well , obviously , the violence problem in Juarez was of a different quality and kind than anything we 've seen in the United States . And it really did demand that kind of response by the federal government in Mexico . We have contingency plans on the United States side . And we 're still evaluating a request that we do send some National Guard to some of the border areas . We 're still looking at that . But you know , that clampdown in Mexico , in Juarez in particular , was really called for . The homicide situation there was out of control . Phillips : Let 's talk about Gil Kerlikowske , the former Seattle -LSB- Washington -RSB- police chief . -LSB- President -RSB- Obama has selected him to be the drug czar for all of you . He has n't been confirmed yet . But what does he know about dealing with cartels who have mastered kidnapping and beheadings and are using grenades and other forms of firepower , quite frankly , that is far greater than a lot of police forces we have in the U.S. ? Napolitano : Well , he 's a police chief , and police chiefs know a lot about a lot of different things . And as you yourself pointed out , these drug cartels have fingers that reach all over the United States , including into communities like Seattle . So , he 'll come into that job , assuming he 's confirmed , with a knowledge base , and also a knowledge base about what the use of illegal drugs is doing to people , does to families , does to our neighborhoods , our communities . That 's why we need to work on the demand side as well as the supply side through these cartels . Phillips : Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , we 'll definitely follow your efforts . Appreciate your time . Napolitano : Thank you so much .	Strategy aimed at preventing spillover violence , says chief of Homeland Security Napolitano says plan includes money for programs to help reduce demand for drugs Agents will inspect southbound vehicles for weapons entering Mexico , she says U.S. evaluating whether to send National Guard to border areas in U.S. , she says
The announcement that Russia 's prime minister , Vladimir Putin , will run for president in next March 's election and will , if elected , appoint the current president , Dmitri Medvedev , as his prime minister brings to mind one of the most famous lines of Italian literature . In Giuseppe di Lampedusa 's novel "  The Leopard , " set in 19th century Sicily , a young nobleman tells his conservative uncle that clinging to the past will not work . "  If we want things to stay as they are , " he says , "  things will have to change . " The Kremlin 's proposed game of musical chairs is the kind of change whose only purpose is to keep things as they are . Putin and company have made clear for years that they do not intend to leave the scene quietly in 2012 when Medvedev 's presidential term expires . The only question was in what configuration the two leaders would return . To stay in the same positions would have smacked of stagnation . Switching places , although hardly an inspired move , is the simplest way to stir the waters without fear of rocking the boat . It will provoke a temporary burst of indignation from Putin 's many critics in the West , some of whom saw in Medvedev a champion of liberalism and civil rights . Some will predict a tightening of authoritarian rule . Yet the reality is that Putin 's return to the Kremlin will not , in itself , change much . For the last four years , he has made all key decisions , with Medvedev 's advice , and he will continue to do so . Those who imagine that a second Medvedev term would have produced dramatic breakthroughs face the problem of explaining why his first term did not . Unless Western leaders seek to punish Putin for his return , there is no reason to think it will undermine the "  reset " of recent years . Improved relations with the US could not have been pursued had Putin not approved of the policy . Despite rumors of disagreements between the two leaders -- or , more often , their aides -- Putin and Medvedev have always worked together as a close-knit team . Ordinary Russians understand this well . Fifty-eight percent think stories about conflicts between the two are dreamed up by journalists and opposition politicians . Seventy-three percent see Medvedev as having continued Putin 's policies rather than introducing new ones of his own . Both want to make Russia a strong , modern country and understand the need for an efficient economy linked into global markets and capital flows . At the same time , both want to protect a circle of friends and acquaintances who have grown rich during their years in power . Obviously , these two goals at times conflict . To maintain their popularity , the two leaders have employed a political division of labor . Putin 's priority has been to keep mainstream Russians loyal . His occasional anti-Western jibes and earthy aphorisms aim to appeal to provincial sensibilities . But his main weapon has been money . During the financial crisis , the prime minister spent lavishly to soften the pain , increasing pensions by 24 % in real terms in 2009 and another 13 % in 2010 . Although the economy shrank by 8 % in 2009 , government spending grew from 34 to 41 % of GDP . Russians ' real disposable income rose by 2 % in 2009 and almost 5 % in 2010 . The strategy has largely worked . Although Putin 's -- and Medvedev 's -- approval ratings have fallen in the last two years , the decline has been relatively slow . The latest polls by the respected Levada Center show that 68 % still approve of Putin 's performance while 63 % approve of Medvedev 's . Barring a sudden collapse , this should be enough to get Putin comfortably through next March 's election , even without the predictable electoral irregularities . But the support , although high , is thin , resting on economic performance and little else . Russians are worried about the future . Even as the economy stabilized after the worst of the global crisis , the percentage who think the country is heading in the right direction fell during the past year from 48 % to 36 % . Medvedev 's political constituency has been the urban , educated elites in business , academia , the arts , and other spheres . He has courted them with articulate interviews , technology incubators , and tweets about modernization . The problem is that , after years of empty promises and speeches , almost all have given up on him . As prime minister , Medvedev will be plunged into the operational details of managing the economy at an unusually tricky moment . Although Russia achieved growth of 4 % last year , it is not clear how long it can continue at this rate without major reforms to restore battered investor confidence . Oil and gas output is unlikely to increase much in coming years , especially if growth in the developed economies stalls . Aware of this , the two leaders have already announced reforms to simplify rules for investors and privatize large stakes in state-owned companies . Medvedev 's first task will probably be implementing unpopular cuts to rein in public spending . He may have to back away from a commitment to triple defense expenditures -- a promise that prompted Alexei Kudrin , the long-serving finance minister and leading budget hawk , to say he would refuse to serve under Medvedev . The need to trim social spending threatens to turn Medvedev into a lightning rod for discontent , and could shorten his tenure . Yet there is also the chance that he will survive for long enough to see reforms bear fruit -- and claim a share of the credit . Having visibly chafed at the lack of levers to get his policies implemented , he will now get opportunities to implement some himself . How effective he proves in this new role -- and how much leeway Putin allows him -- remain to be seen .	Vladimir Putin will run for Russian president ; Medvedev to become prime minister Daniel Treisman says the change is mostly about preserving the status quo He says Putin and Medvedev both recognize the importance of keeping economy growing Treisman : The two work together , dividing up tasks in bid to remain in power
CNN  I will always remember when things turned . I was 12 years old , and my younger sister and I were with our parents attending a peaceful demonstration in downtown Miami near the courthouse . We were there to protest the acquittal of four police officers in the beating death of unarmed motorcyclist Arthur McDuffie . I had learned the word "  acquittal " just that day . It meant they would n't be held responsible . Community leaders were gathered at the front , speaking to a crowd that was in shock and full of anger and despair . The trial had been covered extensively , and nobody could believe that the fatal beating -- with the extent of the physical wounds to McDuffie 's head and body -- could be justified or excused . I started to hear rumblings coming from around the perimeter of the immediate crowd . There was shouting and cursing . Bottle throwing . Then a car was turned over and set on fire . That was Miami 35 years ago , but it could just as easily have been Baltimore this week . The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "  race riots " since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s . Harlem 1964 : Police shooting of 15-year-old James Powell . Watts 1965 : Arrest of 21-year-old Marquette Frye for drunken driving . Newark 1967 : Police beating of John Smith while under arrest . Detroit 1967 : Police raid on a "  blind pig " after-hours bar . Then the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated , and Baltimore and 125 other cities erupted in flames . The immediate catalysts for the waves of riots in the 1960s before the death of Dr. King were police action , or , more specifically , perceived unjust police action . That was true in Miami in 1980 after the acquittal of the police officers . And the same in Los Angeles in 1992 after the acquittal of police officers for the beating of motorist Rodney King . Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots . And now we have Baltimore 2015 , with the death of suspect Freddie Gray in police custody . My parents were leaders and participants in the nonviolent civil rights movement , and they raised me to understand that youths were the key to the movement . It was the images of young people all over the country -- often facing physical danger , discipline from their parents and suspension from school -- that propelled the civil rights movement into the national spotlight . Juxtapose decades-old images of youths being hosed down by police during nonviolent demonstrations in Birmingham and Selma with Tuesday 's images of Baltimore youths throwing rocks at police , and you wonder what has happened . As a 12-year-old girl in Miami , I did n't understand how people could injure and even kill others and destroy their neighborhoods , and risk going to jail , by rioting . I was afraid because I did n't see my father for days as he and other community leaders walked the streets to try to restore calm . I was also afraid that such senseless violence could only derail the legitimate causes of the African-American community , causes historically advanced by nonviolent civil disobedience and through legislative channels . But two months ago , I agreed to moderate a panel at the National Center for Civil and Human Rights called "  Riot -- The Voice of the Unheard ? " The occasion was to mark the Atlanta premiere of "  Detroit ' 67 , " a play written by Dominique Morisseau and directed by Kamilah Forbes that chronicled the journey of a family as they lived through the turmoil of the Detroit '67 riot , including the joy and love they found with one another . The play and the panel were programmed by Kenny Leon 's True Colors Theatre Company , a nonprofit devoted to presenting artistic interpretations with diverse voices so that individuals and institutions can have a shared platform in their quest for understanding in American society . Inspired by the mission , I had recently joined the board . Although pegged to the past , the purpose of the panel was to examine how current events relating to police actions against African-American men could potentially lead to rioting and what could be done to prevent it . I learned that some questioned whether riots are actually purposeless and uncontrolled violence , or whether they are purposeful uprisings against individuals and institutions . I learned that those who participate in riots often feel hopeless and dehumanized , both as the victims of police action against them that triggered the riots and as perpetrators of violence during riots . I learned that riots in the 1960s played a role in advancing the civil rights agenda , often by galvanizing local and national government officials to work with peaceful community , church and civil rights leaders to address the root causes of riots . This is a controversial part of our civil rights history that has been sanitized . At the conclusion of the 1967 Detroit riot , President Lyndon Johnson condemned the violence but said in his address to the nation that : "  This is not a time for angry reaction . It is a time for action , starting with legislative action to improve the life in our cities . The strength and promise of the law are the surest remedies for tragedy in the street . ... " His administration convened the Kerner Commission to examine the 1965-68 riots , and its findings were that racism had led to joblessness , poverty , a lack of political power , unfair housing , police brutality and inferior schools . After the beating of Rodney King in Los Angeles , the Christopher Commission was established and concluded that racial profiling and excessive force , unjust treatment in the criminal justice system , poor housing , and the lack of jobs and education were triggers for the riots . After all of these riots , the affected city , state and national governments enacted plans and programs to address some of these underlying conditions . Maybe the Baltimore youths involved in the riots felt the way one youth did in Watts in 1965 . As recounted in "  The Great Rebellion " by Kenneth Stahl , Dr. King went to Watts to try to calm tensions , and a hostile youth said to him : "  We won . " King challenged him : "  How have you won ? Homes are destroyed , blacks are dead in the streets , stores you shop from for food and clothes are destroyed . " The young man replied , "  We won because we made the whole world pay attention ... the police chief and mayor had never been here . We made them come . " Dr. King would say near the end of his life : "  It is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots . It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without , at the same time , condemning the contingent , intolerable conditions that exist in our society . These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention . And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard . " When I learned that Baltimore high school students planned a purge based on the movie "  The Purge , " in which people were legally absolved for their anarchistic crimes , it suddenly made sense . They thought they would n't be held responsible for their crimes . They thought they would be absolved -- a word not much different from the word "  acquitted " I learned the day of the Miami riots . But they got it wrong . They will forever live the repercussions of their actions , regardless of the impetus . But the Rev. Jamal Bryant got it right when he said he would open his Empowerment Temple AME Church in Baltimore to youths who would not be in school so he could teach them the power of nonviolence to change society . That power was evident after the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and the decision not to indict the officer who killed him . Those protests were mostly peaceful . And the government responded -- not out of fear of violence , but because of a desire to change the conditions that led to the protests . After several months of investigation , the far-reaching Justice Department report on Ferguson issued in March concluded that the use of policing to raise revenue , combined with a systemic racial bias , had led to a pattern and practice of discrimination and Fourth , 14th , Sixth and First Amendment rights violations against African-Americans in Ferguson . The report made recommendations that the Ferguson Police Department , as well as other departments across the country , should enact to improve police relations in communities of color . The riots in Baltimore have rightfully been quashed , but the voices of nonviolent protesters continue to be heard .	Johnita Due : The anger and frustration I saw in 1980 Miami is repeated in 2015 Baltimore She says teaching the power of nonviolent protest is essential
CNN  -- Cruises are good ; cruises with a pool table that levels itself as the ship rolls are awesome . Here are some of the best gimmicks -- which we 're defining as not strictly necessary but nevertheless fun things -- to be found in the travel world today . What great innovations have you noticed on your travels ? Tell us below . Gyroscopic pool table : Royal Caribbean Radiance of the Seas Royal Caribbean 's Radiance of the Seas has the perfect solution for those considering a game of pool in rough seas . Its gyroscopic pool table has what 's known as gyroscopic self-correcting underpinnings , which means that , in rough seas , when the boat tilts one way , the pool table tilts the other to keep everything on the level . Radiance of the Seas ; from $ 1,155 for 11-night South Pacific cruise Intelligent elevator : QT Hotel , Sydney , Australia Traveling between hotel floors is an interactive experience at Sydney 's QT Hotel . The hi-tech elevator uses sensors to work out how many people are in the elevator and plays a relevant song from its extensive discography . If you 're in the elevator alone , "  Are you lonesome tonight ? " might play , while groups of three or more will hear party anthems such as Kool and the Gang 's "  Celebration . " QT Hotel , 49 Market St. , Sydney ; +61 2 8262 0000 ; from $ 348 per night Glass-bottomed pool : Holiday Inn Shanghai Kangqiao , Shanghai , China Most people probably do n't want the whole world to watch them swimming laps , but visitors going for a swim at the Holiday Inn Shanghai Kangqiao do n't have a choice . The glass-bottomed pool on the 24th floor measures 30 meters  98 feet  in length and half of the pool protrudes out from the building over the street below . Holiday Inn Shanghai , 899 Dongfang Road , Pudong , Shanghai , China ; +862158306666 ; from $ 110 per night Blue screen hotel room : Blue Line room at the Gladstone Hotel , Toronto The Blue Line room 's walls are adorned with silhouettes of scantily clad women and cowboys against bright blue walls . However , it 's no ordinary blue . The shade is chroma-key blue , the color used for blue screens , allowing guests to video themselves against the walls and digitally insert their own backdrops at a later date . Other rooms include the Felt Room , which resembles a sound-proofed chamber , and the Canadiana room , which has enormous forest murals . Gladstone Hotel , 1214 Queen St. W , Toronto , Ontario ; +1 4165314635 ; from $ 202 per night Hotel Montaa Magica , Los Rios , Chile This Chilean hotel is so strange that it 's hard to know where to begin . For starters , it 's a circular , volcano-shaped hotel in the middle of the jungle . It 's also covered with greenery , and at various points throughout the day it erupts , causing water to cascade down the side of the hotel . The lodge was built by craftsmen from local communities who live and work within the 300,000-acre Huilo-Huilo nature reserve in which the hotel is located . Huilo Huilo Montaa Mgica Lodge , Km 55 Camino Internacional Panguipulli , Neltume , Regin de Los Ros , Chile ; +56382233559 ; from $ 202 per night Glass-bottomed walkway : Royal Princess cruise ship This glass-bottomed walkway was unveiled earlier this year , and can be found on Princess Cruises ' Royal Princess ship . The walkway extends eight meters  28 feet  beyond the edge of the vessel and is the first of its kind to be found aboard a cruise ship . Those who choose to "  walk the plank " have nothing to fear -- the glass is more than an inch thick , or four times the thickness of the average car windshield . Royal Princess ; Princess Cruises direct travelers to book through a travel agent ; prices from $ 1,786 for four-day cruise along U.S. West Coast Revolving hotel : Marmara Antalya , Antalya , Turkey Marmara Antalya is the world 's first revolving hotel . The 2,750-ton building floats in a tank holding 478 tons of water . The hotel 's three lower floors are submerged , and it 's the three floors above ground which rotate , with the help of six electric motors . So , although visitors will never get tired of the view , guests who suffer from motion sickness might steer clear . Marmara Antalya , Sirinyali Mah . Lara 07160 , Antalya , Turkey ; +90242249 36 00 ; from $ 117 per night Vegetation wall : Changi Airport , Singapore Located in terminal three , Changi Airport 's green wall is the world 's largest vertical garden , measuring 300 meters  984 feet  by 14 meters  45 feet  and contains more than 10,000 plants . There are four water features and the plants are secured to metal cables attached to an enormous framework , which allows their position to be altered . The misting system used to water the plants also helps to regulate the internal temperature of the airport . Changi Airport , Singapore ; +6565956868 Wine angels : Radisson Blu Stansted Airport , Essex , UK Once visitors to the hotel 's bar have selected their wine , an acrobatic "  wine angel " steps into a harness and retrieves the bottle from among 4,000 in the 13-meter-high  42 feet  wine tower . Radisson Blu Stansted , Waltham Close , London Stansted Airport , Essex , UK ; +441279661012 Cat-obsessed railway : Wakayama Prefecture , Japan If you need proof of how much the Japanese love their cats , a journey on the Wakayama Electric Railway may be in order . Images of cats adorn the interior and exterior of the train and the Wakayama Electric Railway 's official station master is a cat called Tama . Tama is also credited with saving the railway -- before her appointment , the railway was struggling financially , but tourists now come from all over the world to visit Tama and purchase a range of Tama-themed gifts . Wakayama Electric Railway , Wakayama Prefecture , Japan ; +810734780110 Undersea restaurant : Rangalis Island , Maldives Ithaa  meaning Mother of Pearl  is an underwater restaurant in the Maldives . The acrylic shell of the restaurant was constructed in Singapore before being shipped to Rangalis island , where it can now be found five meters  16 feeet  below sea level . The transparent roof and walls provide diners with a 270-degree view of the blue waters and marine life surrounding the restaurant . Ithaa Undersea restaurant , sea floor , Rangalis Island , Maldives ; +9606680629 Underwater escalator : Hualien Farglory Ocean Park , Taiwan Visitors to Taiwan 's Hualien Farglory Ocean Park can travel through the aquarium on an undulating airtight escalator as sharks , rays and other creatures swim above their heads . Equally impressive is the fact that the escalator is staggered , allowing passengers to ascend and descend into the depths of the aquarium on a single stairway . Hualien Farglory ocean park , Taiwan ; +886 3 812 3123 Restrooms at the InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort , Danang City , Vietnam Bill Bensley , the architect responsible for this Vietnamese hotel , has designed more than 100 resorts and hotels in 26 countries . He was eager to incorporate traditional Vietnamese design when he created the Danang Sun Peninsula resort , and this notion even extended to the restrooms , which are rigged out to look like enormous pieces of antique wooden furniture . InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort , Bai Bac , Sontra Peninsula , Danang City , Vietnam ; +845113938888	Pool table on cruise ship Radiance of the Seas levels itself as ship rolls Elevator at QT Hotel , Sydney , detects people inside and plays different songs accordingly "  Wine angels " at Radisson Blu in England retrieve bottles by flying up on wires
London  CNN  -- Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson said she was "  ashamed " of her drug use but preferred to be honest , as she took the stand for a second day Thursday as a witness in the fraud trial of two former personal assistants . Lawson 's first day of testimony Wednesday gripped the media , as she admitted using cocaine in two periods of her life and spoke of her troubled relationship with ex-husband Charles Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . Quizzed again on the subject Thursday , she said , "  I have been frank , and the fact is I would rather be honest , if ashamed , and explain the drug use rather than be bullied with lies about something that happened in a humiliating and very public way . " In light of her tribulations , she described 2013 as "  the longest year of my life . " The former aides , Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo , deny embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds on Saatchi 's company credit cards while employed by Lawson and Saatchi . Lawson was also asked again Thursday about her initial reluctance to come to court . The allegations of drug use emerged in June , around the time Lawson and Saatchi were photographed having an argument in a restaurant , Scott 's . In the photos , which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers , Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat and appears to pinch and look up her nose . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon afterward . Lawson told the court the only thing she objected to was the story "  that I was taking drugs at Scott 's , " a reference to an alleged claim by Saatchi that he was wiping cocaine from her nose at the restaurant . Asked why she had n't sued Saatchi for libel over the claim , Lawson said that she did n't have the money and did not want to go to court because her ex-husband enjoyed litigation . "  I do not appreciate being bullied . I am not going to continue to be bullied , " she said . Lawson said she felt it was her duty to come to court in this case . "  I felt it would be an unpleasant experience , but that 's not an excuse not to do one 's civic duty . " Referring to Saatchi 's request for her to attend the trial , made in a letter sent by his lawyers , Lawson said Wednesday : "  He had said to me if I did n't get back to him and clear his name , he would destroy me . " No ` written-down rules ' The two defendants , who worked for Lawson and Saatchi for a number of years , were supposed to use the cards for household expenses , but allegedly spent large amounts on themselves . Francesca Grillo 's lawyer questioned Lawson on Thursday about exactly what her client was responsible for paying for . Lawson rejected the notion that Francesca had been given free rein to use the credit cards . "  There were not written-down rules . ... But it was known that they were not for personal use unless directed , " Lawson said . "  I do n't think any normal person would think that someone else 's credit card was for their personal use . " Lawson said she disputed "  completely " the claim that Francesca had given money to her two children and stepdaughter to pay for lunches , dinners , public transit and excursions amounting to 29,000 pounds in one year . She also hit out at Francesca 's lawyer for raising personal details about her children . Francesca Grillo 's lawyer listed a number of purchases of luxury goods made on the company credit card , including 7,000 pounds at Chanel in St. Tropez , which her client said had been approved by Lawson as a treat . Lawson responded , "  7000 pounds of designer wardrobe ! No , I would not have said that . " Asked if she had noticed that her personal assistant wore designer clothing , Lawson said Francesca had always claimed they were knock-offs or bought from a sample sale . ' I did not have a drug problem ' Lawson denied defense allegations Thursday that she kept cocaine in a jewelry box , or that rolled-up notes used for snorting drugs were left around her house . "  People who are regular cocaine users do not look like this , " the TV star said , gesturing to her body and face . Lawson said she was a sole parent who looked after herself . "  If you think I am going to sabotage my health and risk leaving my children as orphans , you are very wrong , " she said . Lawson told the court Wednesday that she had used cocaine about six times with her late husband , John Diamond , when he learned that his cancer was terminal , in order to give him "  some escape from his treatment . " She also used cocaine once in July 2010 when she felt subject to "  terrorism " by her then-husband , Saatchi , she said . At that point she felt trapped , isolated and unhappy , she said , and a friend offered her the drug . Lawson also admitted using cannabis but said she has given it up . She said she took the prescription drug Xanax only as instructed by her doctor . Lawson insisted , "  I 've never been a drug addict , I 've never been an habitual user . ... I did not have a drug problem , I had a life problem . " Saatchi had claimed in an e-mail that Lawson had used drugs regularly , but in testimony Friday , he backed off that claim . In the e-mail , which was shared with the court by the defense in a pretrial hearing , Saatchi wrote that the assistants would probably "  get off " because Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Lawson , whose culinary skills and flirtatious manner have long entranced UK audiences , has also appeared as a judge on ABC show "  The Taste " in the United States . A second season of the show is due to air in January . The trial is expected to continue Friday . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : "  People who are regular cocaine users do not look like this , " Nigella Lawson says Lawson says she 'd rather be honest about her drug use "  than be bullied with lies " It was known that the aides ' credit cards were not for personal use , Lawson says Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo deny embezzling large sums
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military 's first and only study looking into ties between Saddam Hussein 's Iraq and al Qaeda showed no connection between the two , according to a military report released by the Pentagon . A U.S. soldier in front of a bus hit by a roadside bomb near Nasiriyah , southeast of Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday . The report released by the Joint Forces Command five years after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq said it found no "  smoking gun " after reviewing about 600,000 Iraqi documents captured in the invasion and looking at interviews of key Iraqi leadership held by the United States , Pentagon officials said . The assessment of the al Qaeda connection and the insistence that Hussein had weapons of mass destruction were two primary elements in the Bush administration 's arguments in favor of going to war with Iraq . The Pentagon 's report also contradicts then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , who said in September 2002 that the CIA provided "  bulletproof " evidence demonstrating "  that there are , in fact , al Qaeda in Iraq . " Although other groups , like the September 11 commission , have concluded that there was no link between Hussein and al Qaeda , the Pentagon was able to analyze much more information . The documents cited in the report do reveal that Hussein supported a number of terrorists and terrorist activities inside and outside Iraq . "  The Iraqi regime was involved in regional and international terrorist operations prior to Operation Iraqi Freedom . The predominant targets of Iraqi state terror operations were Iraqi citizens , both inside and outside of Iraq , " according to the report . Read excerpts from report  pdf Most of the terrorism was aimed at keeping Hussein and his Baath party in power , according to Pentagon officials . "  State sponsorship of terrorism became such a routine tool of state power that Iraq developed elaborate bureaucratic processes to monitor progress and accountability in the recruiting , training and resourcing of terrorists , " according to the report . The report cited such examples as training for car bombs and suicide bombings in 1999 and 2000 , both of which U.S. and Iraqi forces have struggled to contain since the rise of the insurgency in summer 2003 . E-mail to a friend	Joint Forces Command report : No link between Saddam Hussein , al Qaeda Interviews with former Iraqi leaders , 600,000 Iraqi documents were reviewed President Bush cited a link in the runup to the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq Report says evidence was found of Iraqi government-backed terrorism
CNN  -- A dog tapping away at a computer keyboard turns to another dog and says , "  On the Internet , nobody knows you 're a dog . " The cartoon by Peter Steiner , which first appeared in The New Yorker in July 1993 , perfectly encapsulates the world we live in today . How do you trust someone to be who they say they are on the Internet ? The question has bubbled up again after news broke that Notre Dame linebacker Manti Te'o fell for a "  catfish , " someone who fakes an identity online to finagle his or her way into a fraudulent romantic relationship . We do our best to avoid being duped . But it 's not always easy . "  This is so sad , this has happened to me a couple of times in the past when I first started dealing with internet dating , " posted Ronnie Williams in a CNN story on the hoax . "  I got my heart broken just like this , so trust me , this is a creepy , deceptive low life way of either playing with someones emotions or getting money or information out of them . " Twitter offers verified accounts to help us discern public figures from their imitators . Even President Barack Obama in a Reddit chat posted a picture of himself to verify his identity . At CNN , we Skype with eyewitnesses on the scene of breaking news or have them stream live video of themselves and landmarks to verify that they really are where they say they are . At iReport , we call people on the phone to confirm their submissions . Doubters wonder if Heisman Trophy a factor in hoax Still , people fall for tricks by the droves and some of them have become iconic , if not old and dusty . The classic e-mail scam known as the "  Nigerian Letter " or "  419 " asks for money and your bank data to help out someone who claims to be in a pinch . The person promises to repay your kindness bountifully . Right . Help ! A Facebook friend is stuck in a foreign country and needs you to wire him money right away . Or you sell something on Craigslist , and the buyer asks if she can overpay by money order and have you refund the difference in cash . Then the money order turns out to be fake . Online identity scams have multiplied in form and name , phishing via e-mail spread to text messages , prompting the term "  SMShing . " Vishing is the low-tech version , when someone simply lies to you over the phone  "  V " stands for voice  to dupe you into handing over your identity . Timeline : How the story unfolded Te'o , for instance , says he was scammed digitally and over the phone . As naive as someone who falls for a fake online girlfriend may seem , it 's not hard to do , even for a sports superstar , said Nev Schulman , who hosts the MTV reality show "  Catfish . " "  When you make a connection with someone online , oftentimes it feels a little limited , but also safe , " Schulman told MTV News . "  Then people open up and get very close without scrutinizing the other person . " Still , we take steps . Step one : We Google . Relentlessly . Before a blind date . Before picking up a concert ticket we bought off someone . Before hiring someone to rake our yard . Because on the Internet , we the dog catchers have our work cut out for us . Social media jump all over hoax story What steps do you take ? What are the signs you look for to verify someone 's real ? Were you still duped ? Let us know in the comments section below .	Notre Dame Linebacker Manit Te'o falls for a ` catfish ' A 1993 iconic cartoon lampoons Internet identity foibles In an official account , even President Obama posted a pic to positively ID himself After Nigerian banking frauds came phishing , SMShing , vishing
Editor 's note : Tananarive Due is an American Book Award-winning and NAACP Image Award-winning novelist . She is based in Los Angeles . Her Web site is http://www.tananarivedue.com/ . The Due sisters -- Johnita , left , Tananarive , center , and Lydia -- prepare for a Jackson concert in 1984 . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson died Thursday , and my family gathered by telephone from Florida , Texas , California and Georgia to mourn and remember . But we began mourning long ago . I was 17 when the "  Motown 25th Anniversary Special " aired in 1983 , and my parents , sisters and I first saw Michael Jackson moonwalk to "  Billie Jean . " He sent a lightning bolt through our living room , and all of us leaped to our feet with shouts . He may have been the best entertainer I live to see . His music asked us to transcend race and geography , hate and bigotry , and made us feel like we were the world . In recent months , I showed my 5-year-old son , Jason , that Motown performance on YouTube . "  Billie Jean " made Jason want to moonwalk and wear a glove . "  Beat It " inspired Jason to kick his leg and fling his head from side to side like Michael . But it has been a long time since I could watch Michael Jackson videos without feeling sad . His death is only the next stage of the loss . Michael Jackson left the music world to mourn -- but many of us , especially black Americans , felt like we lost a family member on Thursday . He pained and puzzled us , but we still loved him . Until Thursday , some of us had forgotten how much . Michael was not always easy to love . He tested us , sometimes asking us to ignore what we could see with our own eyes . We may never know fully what Michael did or did n't do , but he was like the lost relative we wished we could bring back to shore . When Jason asked questions about Michael 's changing face in the videos , I showed him the beautiful brown-skinned , bright-eyed little boy who grew up in my family 's living room . There is supreme irony in the death of Michael Jackson the same year as the inauguration of the first black president . Michael , who would ascend higher than any black artist in music history , learned a bitter lesson : Even at the top of the mountain , there is only the man in the mirror . Jason is n't old enough to fully understand black and white , why his grandmother was sent to jail for ordering a hamburger at a Woolworth lunch counter in 1960 , or how an ill-used child 's soul might never find its way back home . So I told Jason about the time Mommy , Grandma , Grandpa , Aunt Lydia and Aunt Johnita -LSB- now an assistant general counsel at CNN -RSB- drove from Miami to Jacksonville to see the Jacksons ' Victory Tour in 1984 , when Michael Jackson ruled the world . How his aunties and I dressed up for the concert in our own gloves . After the concert , still floating from the surreal experience , we approached a stretch limousine on the highway . As my father sidled our car closer and my sisters and I pressed our noses to the window to try to see , the limo 's tinted electric window slid down . A sparkling silver glove waved out to us . When we saw that glove , the whole car screamed -- even my father , who was driving . My sisters and I begged my father to follow the limousine ... and it finally came to a stop in front of our budget hotel . When the rear door opened , a white blond-haired decoy stepped out -- wearing a silver Michael Jackson glove . If only we 'd never seen past the tinted window . If only we had a perfect memory of Michael waving goodbye . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tananarive Due .	Tananarive Due : My family mourned the loss of Michael Jackson last week In some ways , she says , the mourning began long ago with his puzzling behavior She says many black Americans forgot how much they loved him
CNN  -- The co-founder of Rap Genius , an online-annotation website , has been fired after marking up the 137-page manifesto of California killer Elliot Rodger with comments that are being called tasteless and creepy . Mahbod Moghadam used his site , which lets users post notes interpreting rap and hip-hop lyrics , to comment on Rodger 's exhaustive autobiography , which includes his reasons for killing six people in Santa Barbara , California , on Friday before apparently turning a gun on himself . In more than one note , Moghadam called Rodger 's writing "  beautiful , " and in another he speculated on the attractiveness of Rodger 's sister . In a journal and in a video posted online , Rodger had expressed frustrations about not finding women to date and resentment toward couples who kissed in front of him . He also wrote that his anger toward women intensified after he overheard his sister having sex with her boyfriend . "  MY GUESS : his sister is smokin hot , " Moghadam wrote . Moghadam also made comments about a girl Rodger described as the only female his age he ever saw naked . "  Maddy will go on to attend USC and become a spoiled hottie , " Moghadam wrote , before adding , "  This is an artful sentence , beautifully written ... . " Rap Genius has removed the notations . But they were captured and reposted online by Gawker , Re/code and other news sites . Why #YesAllWomen took off on Twitter On Monday , Rap Genius co-founder and CEO Tom Lehman released a written statement saying that Moghadam had resigned . "  Mahbod Moghadam , one of my co-founders , annotated the piece with annotations that not only did n't attempt to enhance anyone 's understanding of the text , but went beyond that into gleeful insensitivity and misogyny , " he wrote . "  All of which is contrary to everything we 're trying to accomplish at Rap Genius . " Lehman continued : "  Mahbod is my friend . He 's a brilliant , creative , complicated person with a ton of love in his heart . Without Mahbod Rap Genius would not exist , and I am grateful for all he has done to help Rap Genius succeed . "  But I can not let him compromise the Rap Genius mission -- a mission that remains almost as delicate and inchoate as it was when we three founders decided to devote our lives to it almost 5 years ago . " Lehman said the site , which describes its mission as helping users "  discover the meaning of rap lyrics , " decided to post Rodger 's writings in hopes that users ' annotations "  will eventually be a good resource for people looking to understand this tragedy . " Part One of Rodger 's writings currently appears on Rap Genius between breakdowns of the lyrics to "  Believe Me " by Lil Wayne and John Legend 's "  All Of Me . " In December , Google penalized Rap Genius after a user exposed what he called a scheme to manipulate search results and drive traffic to the site . The site removed the offending links and regained its Google ranking . As is frequently the case in today 's digital world , the social-media backlash against Moghadam 's comments was fast and brutal . "  Appalling use of technology by already questionable behaving site , " Re/code co-executive editor Kara Swisher wrote on Twitter with a link to that site 's story . "  What 's most newsworthy about the story of the Rap Genius founder is n't that he was fired but that he did n't think his words were wrong , " tweeted author and tech journalist Ed Bott . Observers also criticized Moghadam 's own Twitter feed , which features many posts that could be viewed as crude at best and sexist at worst . On Monday , Moghadam took to Twitter to beg forgiveness for his comments . "  I want to apologize to everyone , " he wrote . "  I need to hear these criticisms , reflect for real , and work on becoming a better person . "	Rap Genius co-founder made insensitive comments about killer 's manifesto Mahbod Moghadam called Elliot Rodger 's writing "  beautiful " He also speculated on the sex appeal of Rodger 's sister Rap Genius CEO : "  I can not let him jeopardize the Rap Genius mission "
CNN  -- A liner carrying nearly 2,000 passengers ran into trouble Saturday in Finland 's Aland archipelago in the northern Baltic Sea . Viking Line said its liner , M/S Amorella , had "  touched slightly aground " at about lunchtime local time . None of the 1,945 passengers was injured and the situation on board the ship is calm , a statement on Viking Line 's website said . The company plans to try to move the ship to the port of Langnas on Saturday evening . The ship is not letting in water , but a small leak has been observed on a ballast tank that normally holds water , it said . All the passengers remain on board and are safe , it said . The Amorella , launched in 1988 , measures nearly 170 meters  185 yards  long and can carry as many as 2,480 passengers . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	A liner carrying nearly 2,000 passengers runs aground in Aland archipelago Viking Line says all 1,945 passengers are safe and uninjured The cruise line intends to try to move the ship to a port later
CNN  -- The buildup of separatist forces in Donetsk , Ukraine , and Moscow 's patently confrontational tone are raising the specter of another offensive in eastern Ukraine before winter grips the region . On Wednesday , NATO warned that "  columns of Russian equipment , primarily Russian tanks , Russian artillery , Russian air defense systems and Russian combat troops " had been spotted entering Ukraine . Is this crisis about to flare up again , just two months after Russia withdrew its forces ? Given the strategic costs , it might seem unlikely that Russia would reignite this war , especially with winter looming . Yet both the opportunity and the motivation appear to be there in Moscow . The invasion of Ukraine and confrontation with the West have whipped up nationalist sentiment , but Russia has run out of foreign policy victories to feed to the fire . That might explain why Moscow is aggravating NATO with airspace violations and playing alleged underwater games with Sweden , moves that appear aimed at keeping the Russian public in a confrontational mood . Russia plans bomber flights over Gulf of Mexico The problem for Russian President Vladimir Putin is that none of this is likely to sustain his astronomical approval ratings or keep economic woes from chipping away at public support for the Ukrainian adventure . Another motivating factor could be that pro-Russian separatists simply do not control enough of the Donbass , the populous region that includes Donetsk , to have made this conflict worthwhile for Russia . The territory controlled by them looks awfully small in comparison to lofty talk of re-establishing a grand Novorossiya , and the ceasefire line of control left many separatist home cities under Ukrainian control , so the separatists seem keen to fight for the rest . All this means that the current line of control looks more like a stopping point than the desirable outlines of a frozen conflict for Russia . Of course , for Moscow 's policy aims , the smarter approach would be to keep Ukraine in a permanent state of crisis and use this foothold to maintain pressure on Kiev . However , domestic political considerations and the militarily advantageous position of pro-Russian separatists are themselves compelling arguments for a surprise winter offensive . Why should Putin put off until tomorrow the parts of Ukraine that he can conquer today ? Russian provocations : A new Cold War ? The separatist force now numbers anywhere between 20,000 and 25,000 , half of whom are likely locals , with the other half composed of Russian volunteers and fighting groups from the North Caucasus , particularly Abkhazia , South Ossetia , and Chechnya . Many of the fighters from the Caucasus will go home for the winter if there is nothing for them to do in Ukraine . This suggests that the ideal time to use them in a bid to gain more territory is now , rather than trying to regroup these fighters next year for another season of conflict . Russia , for its part , used the ceasefire to drastically increase the separatist stores of equipment and ammunition . Convoys arrive regularly bringing munitions . Meanwhile a good deal of captured Ukrainian armor is being restored by the separatists themselves inside repair facilities they control . Conversely , Ukraine 's army is in a period of consolidation and has lost a large portion of its best equipment , perhaps 60 % according to President Petro Poroshenko . The country just fired its third defense minister . Volunteer battalions , the country 's most motivated force , are in a period of reorganization . And since the signing of the ceasefire , Ukraine has lost many of its best soldiers inside the meat grinder that Donetsk airport has become . One of the primary constraints on Moscow in this shadowy war has been the lack of public support for Russian casualties in Ukraine . It meant any invasion would have to be brief , decisive , and with few losses in order to be tolerable at home . If the separatists are sufficiently armed , trained and supported that they can seize territory without the need for Russian regulars , then there is much less for Moscow to risk . Still , seizing more territory would come at great cost elsewhere for Moscow . Russia 's economy is badly creaking from the drop in oil prices . Meanwhile , the central bank is failing to contain inflation , while the government has to find a way to roll over billions in corporate debt for companies that no longer have access to the Western financial system due to sanctions . Another military intervention by Moscow would probably result in further Western sanctions on sectors of the Russian economy , meaning Putin could lose any hope of driving a wedge between Europeans to reverse the current sanctions in place . Starting another campaign in Ukraine would mean a new spiral of unpredictable events -- yet Moscow 's calculations might be based on a different reading of the situation . For a start , sanctions are not the source of Russia 's economic woes , but more a humiliating annoyance . In the winter , Russia has a comparative advantage in economic reprisals , because it can threaten gas cutoffs to Europe in retaliation for new sanctions . Ukraine 's energy dependence and broken economy , along with relatively weak Western promises of financial aid , suggest that Kiev would have to sue for peace no matter what Moscow does . And what does Russia gain from maintaining the peace anyway ? It will not raise the price of oil or stop ruble speculation , and the United States does not appear keen to start rolling back sanctions , even though it genuinely needs Russian cooperation on Iran , Syria , and ISIS in the Middle East . Now that Republicans have regained control of the U.S. Senate , Russia knows there is little it can practically do to lift the sanctions anyway . Illegitimate elections in the separatist regions and the massing of Russian forces only reinforce the impression that Moscow has no interest in implementing the Minsk agreement or in reconciliation with the West . And while it is true that a renewed quest to widen separatist-held territory would be a reckless adventure , fraught with costs for everyone involved , reckless foreign policy risk seems to be the new normal in Russia . Now a winter offensive is far from unthinkable .	Moscow is striking a patently confrontational tone , says Michael Kofman Russian economic woes could impact foreign policy , he writes Kofman : Reckless foreign policy risk the new normal in Russia
Washington  CNN  -- Gov. Chris Christie 's office said Monday that the nurse quarantined at a New Jersey hospital is being allowed to transfer to Maine , the latest development in a medical and political saga regarding possible cases of Ebola in the U.S. , and how politicians in charge are responding . A battle of words broke out during the weekend between Kaci Hickox , who returned home from Ebola-ravaged West Africa only to be ordered into quarantine , and the Republican governor . The nurse told CNN that her "  basic human rights have been violated " and that Christie himself was responsible . Hickox will be transported by a private carrier , "  not via mass transit or commercial aircraft , " read the statement , which was blasted out by Christie 's office . Gov. Paul LePage said in a statement Maine will work with Hickox "  to establish an in-home quarantine protocol to ensure there is no direct contact with other Mainers until the period for potential infection has passed . " Steven Hyman , an attorney for Hickox , told CNN 's Alexandra Field her first priority is to get out of the hospital and back to a normal life . Hyman argued "  there is a legal basis to challenge " the New Jersey policy , but "  whether she wants to do it remains to be seen . " While in Florida campaigning for Republican Gov. Rick Scott , Christie stood by New Jersey 's quarantine policy . "  I know she did n't want to be there . No one ever wants to be in the hospital , I suspect , and so I understand that , " he told reporters . "  But the fact is I have a much greater , bigger responsibility to the people and the public , and so I think when she has time to reflect she will understand that as well . " Hickox was the first medical professional to be quarantined in New Jersey immediately upon returning to the United States from West Africa , where she had worked in treating Ebola patients . She lashed out at Christie during the weekend for giving her a diagnosis of sorts as "  obviously ill . " "  First of all , I do n't think he 's a doctor ; secondly , he 's never laid eyes on me ; and thirdly , I 've been asymptomatic since I 've been here , " Hickox told CNN 's Candy Crowley in a phone interview Sunday . "  There always needs to be a balance , because I also want to be treated with compassion and humanity , " Hickox said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " by phone from her hospital isolation . "  I do n't feel like I have been treated that way in the past three days . " Mandatory quarantines : Now what ? In an off-camera interview with CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen , Hickox added , "  I am not , as he said ` obviously ill . ' I am completely healthy and with no symptoms . And if he knew anything about Ebola he would know that asymptomatic people are not infectious . " The White House seemed to agree with Hickox 's sentiment that Christie does n't have the medical authority to impose regulations that trump federal guidelines on handling Ebola patients . A senior administration official told CNN on Sunday that the White House informed Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo -- who also ordered quarantine for people returning to his state from West Africa -- along with other state officials that it "  has concerns with the unintended consequences of policies that are not grounded in science may have on efforts to combat Ebola at its source in West Africa . "	NEW : Quarantined nurse to be discharged , Chris Christie 's office announces NY gov says those coming from Ebola areas can quarantine at home for 21 days White House tells state officials it has "  concerns " over new quarantine policies Quarantined New Jersey nurse lashes out at Gov. Chris Christie
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In a time of economic turmoil , most Americans are being frugal with their money , but one freshman congressman is taking cost-cutting to a new level . Rep. Jason Chaffetz unfolds the cot that fits into a closet in his office . Newly elected Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , opted out of renting an apartment in Washington , instead deciding on a cot in his office every night . "  I will save $ 1,500 a month doing this , " Chaffetz said . "  I get paid a very handsome salary , no doubt about it , but you know , I 've got expenses and a future for my kids and my family , too . " In a stroke of luck , Chaffetz was one of the few freshmen members of Congress to have the chance at an office with a window when he drew number six out of 55 in the office lottery . His office in the Longworth House Building comes with a half-bathroom , a closet that fits a cot , and what he calls his "  breakfast nook " where he stores Fig Newtons , granola bars and mixed nuts . Watch more on the thrifty congressman " The building also has a gym with a shower room , where Chaffetz starts his day about 5:45 each morning . "  My home is in Utah . My wife and kids are there , " he said . "  I 'm here to work . " Cutting out travel to and from the office allows Chaffetz more time to serve his constituents and return more of their e-mail and phone calls , he said . The savings are certainly a plus for the congressman , who has three children to provide for , car payments and a mortgage to pay . But Chaffetz said his decision had a larger meaning . "  We are now $ 10 trillion in debt . $ 10 trillion . Those are expenses that have to be paid at some point , " he said . If he can tighten his belt in these tough economic times , Chaffetz said , Congress should be able to as well . "  Our country has to learn to do more with less , " he added . Although he is a relatively unknown freshman in the House , word of Chaffetz 's sleeping arrangement is spreading . Republican Rep. Judy Biggert of Illinois , whose office is adjacent to Chaffetz 's , said he is n't the first to sleep in his office , and he wo n't be the last . "  This is a job that you have to have , really , two homes . One in your district where you 're there on the weekends and then one here during the week , and it 's expensive , " Rep. Biggert said . "  I 'm really glad we have a neighbor here to make sure that the neighborhood is safe at night when we 're not here , " she joked , adding that Chaffetz is actually projecting the right image of the Republican Party by being a "  fiscal conservative . " Chaffetz said he is finally getting used to sleeping on his not-so-comfortable cot , but that does n't mean he rests easy at night . "  My biggest challenge is what goes on in the hallway at night , " Chaffetz said . "  There 's this cleaning machine that comes down the hall at night . And it 's got that obnoxious beep , beep , beep . " Despite the din , Chaffetz has no plans to search for another form of housing -- unless his back gives out . "  I 've got to keep my back in check , but so far , so good , " Chaffetz joked . "  But look , our troops are sleeping on a lot worse than this . "	Jason Chaffetz says he 'll save $ 1,500 a month by choosing cot over apartment If he is tightening his belt , Congress should also be able to , he says Chaffetz , R-Utah , is a freshman congressman Chaffetz says noises in the hallway can make it difficult to sleep at night
CNN  -- The president she once pointed a gun at has been dead for nearly three years , and her longtime idol and leader , Charles Manson , remains in prison . Lynnette "  Squeaky " Fromme appears in court in Los Angeles , California , in December 1969 . However , Lynette "  Squeaky " Fromme is about to get her first taste of real freedom in more than three decades . According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons , Fromme , now 60 , is set to be released on parole August 16 . Fromme is housed at Federal Medical Center Carswell in Fort Worth , Texas . For years , she was one of Manson 's few remaining followers , as many other "  Manson Family " members have shunned him . A prison spokeswoman would not say whether Fromme continues to correspond with Manson . Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Gerald Ford in Sacramento , California . Secret Service agents prevented her from firing , but the gun was later found to have no bullet in the chamber , although it contained a clip of ammunition . In a 1987 interview with CNN affiliate WCHS , Fromme , then housed in West Virginia , recalled the president "  had his hands out and was waving ... and he looked like cardboard to me . But at the same time , I had ejected the bullet in my apartment and I used the gun as it was . " She said she knew Ford was in town and near her , "  and I said , ' I got ta go and talk to him , ' and then I thought , ` That 's foolish . He 's not going to stop and talk to you . ' People have already shown you can lay blood in front of them and they 're not , you know , they do n't think anything of it . I said , ` Maybe I 'll take the gun , ' and I thought , ' I have to do this . This is the time . ' " She said it never occurred to her that she could wind up in prison . Asked whether she had any regrets , Fromme said , "  No . No , I do n't . I feel it was fate . " However , she said she thought that her incarceration was "  unnecessary " and that she could n't see herself repeating her offense . "  My argument to the jury was , if she wanted to kill him , she would have shot him , " John Virga , a Sacramento attorney appointed to defend Fromme , told CNN on Tuesday . "  She 'd been around guns . And let 's be realistic : We know the Manson family , at least some of them , are killers . " Fromme was sentenced to life in prison , but parole was an option at the time , although the federal system later abolished it , said Felicia Ponce , spokeswoman for the Bureau of Prisons . Inmates do receive "  good time " -- for every year and one day they serve , Ponce said , 54 days are lopped off their sentence . Fromme became eligible for parole in 1985 , Ponce said . According to reports , she for years waived her right to a parole hearing . The Bureau of Prisons would not say whether she changed her mind and requested a hearing , but the U.S. Parole Commission 's Web site says that everyone who wishes to be considered for parole , except those committed under juvenile delinquency procedures , must complete a parole application . Federal inmates serving life are generally paroled after 30 years , unless the parole commission decides to block the release , according to a commission spokesman . Inmates who are paroled remain under supervision until the commission decides to terminate the sentence . Fromme was not granted parole until July 2008 , Ponce said . She was not released then , however , because of extra time added to her sentence for a 1987 escape from the West Virginia prison , which occurred after her interview that same year . She was found two days later , only a few miles from the prison . At the time , prison officials said they were looking into rumors that Fromme escaped after hearing Manson was ill , according to news reports . FMC-Carswell spokeswoman Maria Douglas would not comment on Fromme 's behavior in prison in recent years . Fromme reportedly joined Manson 's family after meeting him in California in 1967 . She was not involved in the murders of seven people , including pregnant actress Sharon Tate , on August 9 and 10 , 1969 , that landed Manson and other followers in prison . However , she and other Manson followers maintained a vigil outside the courthouse during his trial . In the WCHS interview , Fromme said that Manson should not be incarcerated because "  he did n't kill anybody . ... I would rather be in , because I know I laid a lot of my thinking in his mind . " Virga said he told the jury that Fromme assaulted Ford , but did not attempt to assassinate him . If Fromme had killed the president , no one would have listened to her , he said . "  She did n't want people to think she was a kook . " And she was n't , he said , recalling that Fromme was very cooperative during her trial and describing her as "  a bright , intelligent young woman " from a middle-class family . "  It 's just hard to imagine how she got all caught up with Manson , " he said . Fromme wanted to be heard on issues including the environment , he said . "  She had certain causes that she wanted to talk about . But first and foremost in her mind was always Manson . " Explaining herself after the attempt , according to the book "  Real Life at the White House , " Fromme said , "  Well , you know , when people treat you like a child and pay no attention to the things you say , you have to do something . " During her trial , Virga traveled to Washington to depose Ford , who testified on videotape about the incident . In the 1978 interview , Fromme called Manson "  a once-in-a-lifetime soul . ... He 's got more heart and spirit than anyone I 've ever met . " She said she still corresponded with him . "  He 's got everything he wants coming from me , 'cause he gave me everything . " She said then she did n't plan to seek a parole hearing : "  The parole board does not hold my life in its hands . And I do n't want to be too critical , but men tend to think they do . Charlie never thought he did . He never expressed all this desire for power , this desire for acceptance . " Ford died in 2006 at age 93 . The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Foundation did not respond to CNN requests for comment on Fromme 's release . Virga , who is still practicing in Sacramento , said he had not heard from Fromme since her sentencing in 1975 . "  I wish her the best , and hope everything works out for her , and hope she stays out of trouble , " he said . "  She needs to stay out of trouble . She 's been in prison a long time ... it was , in my mind , a tragedy that she wound up a disciple of Manson . "	"  Squeaky " Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Ford For years , she was one of Charles Manson 's few remaining followers According to reports , she for years waived her right to a parole hearing She was not involved in the murders that landed Manson , other followers in prison
CNN  -- Hannah Whiteley laughs in the face of danger -- at least she does now . But it was n't always that way , for this was one kitesurfing tale which almost ended in tragedy . Rewind 11 years and with her father Pete , a five time British senior champion , watching on in horror . Whiteley came within inches of serious injury -- and maybe even death . It was a moment which would have forced lesser beings into nightmares and cold sweats -- but not this British-born battler . "  My dad was teaching me and I was going along fine , then all of a sudden then I was out of control and went flying through the sky , " Whiteley told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I was getting dragged down with the kite and heading into the wavebreakers . "  I thought I was going to hit the pier and that was scary , but I hit the ground and was in a daze . Some guy came and helped tame my kite and made sure I stayed still . "  When you crash in the water , the water turns into concrete , it 's not soft . You get a lot of whiplash in your neck and it gets flung back . "  I was in a semiconscious state , a bit shaken up but that put me off for five years . Looking back , I 'm just so relieved I gave it a second chance . " Rising star Kitesurfing is a fusion of some of the most exciting and challenging water sports , taking components of paragliding , surfing , windsurfing and wakeboarding before sprinkling some acrobatics and gymnastics on top for good measure . Standing on a small board , the rider uses the wind to power the large kite , which propels it across the waves at rapid speed . Since returning to action at the age of 15 , Whiteley has gone on to establish herself as one of Europe 's rising stars -- an outcome which looked unlikely following her first ever event . On that occasion , the amateur competition ended in disappointment after she finished last , beaten by a considerable distance and defeated by a far more experienced field . It was to prove the turning point . "  I was so embarrassed , " Whiteley recalled . "  I could n't do any freestyle tricks and I came last . "  I just sat there and thought , ` What am I doing here ? ' But that competition really inspired me and suddenly I said to myself , ` I 'm never going to be that bad again . ' "  I went out and trained as much as possible after that . " Reaching the top That chastening experience powered Whiteley through months of training , hitting the waves at every opportunity despite the infamous British weather . The rest is history . At just 15 , Whiteley became the youngest ever female to win the British Amateur Ladies title , repeating the feat the following year at the professional championship . Two more title wins followed in consecutive years as did the prestigious Big Air/Board off crown at the 2009 Pro Kite World Tour competition . Now at the age of 21 , and voted as the country 's most influential female kitesurfer , Whiteley has her sights set on reaching the very top . "  I 'd really like to be European champion , " she added . "  At the moment I feel as if I 'm not at my peak . I always want to push it and I think I 'm going to be going for some time . "  There 's plenty of time for me to progress and have fun . " Magical There 's certainly plenty of fun . Whiteley travels across the globe to some of the most exotic places to improve her kitesurfing skills . Australia , Turkey and Hawaii are just three of her favorite places -- although she retains an affection for her local beach at Lytham St Annes in the north west of England . But it does n't matter whether its brown water off the British coast or sharks lurking beneath sunnier climes , nothing puts Whiteley off taking her kite into the deep unknown . "  It 's a pretty magical feeling when you 're out kitesurfing , " she added . "  You 're looking back at the land , you 've got the whole ocean , and it 's just really special . "  We 're using the wind , the sea and the waves . When it 's cold and windy you feel like you 're really in the elements , it 's great , you feel alive . "  When I started to compete at the age of 15 it was a real eye-opener . I got to travel to some amazing places and it was definitely for me . "  You have so much freedom on the water and it takes you to beautiful places you would n't normally go to . It 's amazing . "	Hannah Whiteley is a three-time British freestyle kitesurfing champion The 21-year-old is one of the most exciting prospects in European competition Started kitesurfing at age of 10 but stopped following near death experience Returned to action at age of 15 and vowed to reach top after finishing last in first ever event
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Tickets for Michael Jackson 's 50 "  final curtain call " concerts in London sold out in little over four hours Friday . Michael Jackson has sold out 50 concerts at London 's O2 Arena . The tickets went on sale at 7 a.m. , with fans queuing since Wednesday . They were limited to four tickets per household at a cost of up to $ 105 for general admission . VIP tickets cost up to $ 1,100 . Around 750,000 were sold . Tickets have already appeared online for resale , with one person seeking $ 35,000 for VIP tickets to the opening show on July 8 . Jackson originally announced he would do 10 shows at London 's 20,000-capacity 02 Arena , but huge demand has seen a further 40 dates added . The king of pop 's run is now scheduled to finish next February . Watch Jackson fan nab first ticket " O2 owners , AEG Live , said due to the "  incredible level of interest " -- pre-sale tickets to 10 concerts offered on Thursday sold out within minutes -- Jackson had agreed to add the extra dates . Watch Michael Jackson 's announcement " Chris Edmonds , Ticketmaster 's managing director , said they "  had witnessed an unprecedented level of demand " for the concerts . http://www.michaeljacksonlive.com/ Ayesha Obi was the first in line at the O2 to get a ticket and was in tears . "  I was hoping to just get the opening night . Any good seats would 've been fantastic . But front row ? I 'm over the moon . I 'm very happy . Very proud . Really pleased . " She had been at the venue since Wednesday night but said it was worth it . "  I 've always wanted to see him perform live . I 'm happy he 's given us that opportunity now . "  He 's a legend despite all the controversy in his past . " Gennaro Castaldo , spokesman for UK music retailer HMV , said Jackson was already reaping the benefits of hosting the concerts . "  Sales of Michael 's albums are starting to show a discernible increase , albeit from a relatively low sales base at this early stage . However , if demand is picking up now , imagine what it will be like in July , when Michael actually kicks off his live performances . " Castaldo said sales of his "  King Of Pop " album released in August had increased four-fold , while sales of "  Thriller " had nearly doubled . Jackson , a child star with the Jackson Five who went on to enjoy stellar solo success with classic albums such as "  Thriller " and "  Bad , " has rarely been seen in public since he was acquitted on child molestation charges in the U.S. in 2005 . Timeline gallery of the highs and lows of Jackson 's life " Rumors of financial difficulties and health problems -- in 2008 he was photographed being pushed in a wheelchair -- have swirled around the famously eccentric star in recent years . Last year he sold his iconic Neverland ranch and he has spent much of his time since his acquittal living in Bahrain . The auction house , Julien 's , is selling Jackson 's Neverland property including the gates , the singer 's famed white-jeweled glove and a stretched Rolls Royce . Watch what Jackson memorabilia is being sold " Jackson has n't recorded a studio album since "  Invincible " -- his 10th solo record -- in 2001 . His last major series of concerts was a world tour to promote the "  HIStory " album in 1996 and 1997 . "  Thriller , " released in 1982 and containing classic Jackson hits such as "  Beat It , " "  Billie Jean " and the title track , is the best-selling album of all time . Jackson is estimated to have sold more than 750 million albums in total .	Fans have queued through the night for tickets to Michael Jackson 's concerts 750,000 tickets to concerts at London 's O2 Arena sell out in four hours King of pop calling the performances a "  final curtain call " Tickets already being offered for resale at a price of up $ 35,000
CNN  -- Humans have been doodling in snow , in sand and on cave walls for more than 30,000 years . George Washington , Thomas Edison , John F. Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson , Ronald Reagan and Vladimir Nabokov were doodlers . Bill Gates and Frank Gehry are among today 's active doodlers . Yet most of us have n't reflected on why we feel compelled to draw . In fact , many parts of our society -- including businesses , schools and colleges -- frown on doodling and consider it a waste of time . While we ca n't overcome cultural biases overnight , we can certainly ask a relevant question : Why is doodling so universal ? What is doodling doing for us ? Virginia Scofield , an immunologist at the University of Texas at San Antonio , knows from personal and professional experience what doodling does . After struggling with organic chemistry in college , she decided to try doodling the complexities of the subject rather than memorizing them from the textbook . Scofield happened upon what native doodlers have known for a long time : Doodling can improve cognitive performance . Because of her success in transforming her own learning process , Scofield incorporated doodling and visual note-taking into her university classroom for more than two decades , and she told me it notably improved the success rate of her students . Scofield is not the only one who 's learned to be impressed by the Doodle . Jackie Andrade , a professor at the University of Plymouth , published a study finding a 29 percent increase in information retention gained by doodlers . She noted that , contrary to popular belief , doodling seems to prevent people from losing focus on boring or complex subject matter . It gives learners who may otherwise mentally check out an opportunity to check back in . Other researchers exploring the impact of doodling and drawing have come to equally significant conclusions about this deceptively simple act . A recent article in Science argued that drawing in science education caters to individual learning preferences and motivates students to engage and explore content in a more meaningful way . And classroom research shows that not only do learners better understand concepts through simple drawing , but it sets the stage for innovative and divergent ways of thinking . For a nation with an ego wounded by our decreased scores on the Torrance Creativity Test , this unfettered access to creative thinking should n't be underestimated . Just ask Google , the only company on record with an official Chief Doodler on the payroll . Google 's culture is well known for its 80/20 "  innovation time off " rule . And for many employees , that time is spent using simple visual language to doodle , sketch and prototype new business opportunities . Indeed , many companies seeking an edge are looking to applications of hand-drawn visual language as a prospective lifeboat . In a hyper-competitive marketplace , thinkers need all the mojo they can muster . To the throngs of doodlers around the world , this evidence is likely just the beginning of our gentle "  I told you so " moments . Learning that accommodates more than text-based or verbal information amplifies the effects of cognition and creativity . And when the Science article suggested that drawing should be recognized along with reading , writing and speaking as a key element in education , it was a hallelujah moment for doodlers around the world . I 'm one of them . I use doodling for a variety of reasons : I use it to get clarity around a concept , I use it to relax , I use it to communicate ideas with others and get their refinement of them , I use it to map complex systems for companies , I use it to run innovation games for business , I use it to get insight on something puzzling me . See some examples of how doodles are used So how do you get better at doodling ? It 's a delightfully easy task . Learners can start with the Visual Alphabet , a series of six flows $ " the point , line , arc , angle , spiral and loop , and the six forms $ " the oval , eye , triangle , rectangle , house and cloud . With these 12 "  letters , " prospective doodlers can articulate any visual representation of any concept they can imagine . All it takes is a commitment to learning this language , native to our brain 's visual cortex , and applying it to challenges either at work or at school . Rather than talking in circles about a complex subject , try doodling it using words and pictures . Show your teachers and colleagues another way to see information . The insights and aha moments will arrive naturally in the process . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sunni Brown .	Sunni Brown : Doodles are an ancient human art form She says doodling is a way to visualize ideas and learn more quickly Studies show those who doodle retain more of the information they are taught Brown : Drawing should be recognized with reading , writing and speaking
CNN  -- With Eric Shinseki 's resignation Friday , the top post at the Department of Veterans Affairs goes to interim Secretary Sloan Gibson . Gibson was deputy secretary for just three months before his new role , but President Barack Obama already has laid out some priorities for him . During Friday 's news conference in which Obama announced Shinseki 's resignation , he also addressed some qualities and priorities needed in the next VA secretary . Pressure had been mounting for Shinseki to step down amid a scandal involving long waits for care at VA hospitals . "  At this stage , what I want is somebody at the VA who is not spending time outside of solving problems for the veterans , " Obama said . The President said he wants someone who will spend "  every minute of every day " finding solutions to the problems at the troubled department . Obama ran through a list of problems for the next VA chief to solve : Has the VA reached out to all the veterans who are waiting for care ? Have they had appointments scheduled ? Is the system being fixed ? What new technology is needed ? "  That 's what I want somebody at the VA focused on , " he said . "  Not how are they getting second-guessed , and speculation about their futures and so forth . " Document : VA audit report released Before coming to the VA , Gibson was chief executive at the USO . A West Point graduate , Gibson was an infantry officer in the Army . His grandfather and father served in World War I and World War II , respectively . Gibson also has experience in the private sector , having worked for more than 20 years in banking . Obama said he met with Sloan and "  made it clear that reforms should not wait . " "  They need to proceed immediately , " Obama said . In his last acts as secretary , Shinseki on Friday announced the firings of those responsible for misconduct , including senior leaders at the Phoenix VA hospital , where some of the most egregious cases of alleged fraud may have occurred . Gibson 's immediate priority , the President said , is to ensure that all veterans who call for appointments get them in a timely manner . "  Those are things that do n't require rocket science , " Obama said . "  It requires execution , it requires discipline , it requires focus . Those are things that Sloan  Gibson  has . " Long-term solutions will require a review of the VA 's budget , and its needs for doctors and technology , he said . The VA 's troubled history Shinseki could n't weather firestorm over scandal	President Obama lays out some priorities for the next VA leader The VA 's interim secretary will be Sloan Gibson , ex-USO leader Obama : Priority is for all veterans who want medical appointments to get them in timely manner
Washington  CNN  Richard Trumka , the president of the AFL-CIO , glowingly praised Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Wednesday , and urged Democratic politicians to pick sides on labor in his closing remarks at a labor summit on raising wages . Warren , who also spoke at the summit , is seen by many liberals as the best spokeswoman for their causes . Although the Massachusetts senator has said she is not running for president in 2016 , Warren has been followed by presidential speculation for months as liberal groups have started movements to urge Warren to run in 2016 . Trumka started his remarks by calling Warren an "  inspiration " who embodies labor 's "  highest ideals . " "  Her vision of a Raising Wages America embodies our highest ideals , " Trumka said . "  Senator Warren is that rare political leader : she shares out values , she really connects with us , she is a genius when it comes to policy , and she is tough as nails when it comes to politics . " He continued : "  Senator Warren , thank you . You have always been and will always be a remarkable , remarkable champion of working people . " Despite labor 's power within the Democratic Party , Trumka has shied away from weighing in on 2016 politics . His remarks about Warren , however , are glowing , especially compared to what the labor leader said about Hillary Clinton , the Democratic front-runner and former secretary of state , in August 2014 . "  I think that Hillary did an excellent job as secretary of state . I think she is very , very qualified to be president , " Trumka said at a breakfast with reporters in Washington . "  Would I say she is the favorite now ? Yes . But I think anytime anybody believes there is going to be a coronation , that is dangerous for the candidate . " Last year , the AFL-CIO came to an agreement with all its members that , according to Trumka , "  no one will endorse -LSB- in 2016 -RSB- until we say all of us are going to endorse . " And before doing that , the labor group plans to question all presidential candidates . But on Wednesday , Trumka urged Democrats to take sides on labor ahead of the 2016 presidential election and said that if the party wants labor there on Election Day , they need to get behind the group 's priorities . "  We know that no matter what happens in the 2014 mid-term elections , 2015 would be a pivotal year , " the labor leader said . "  It would be the year that politicians decided to stand up strong , or to retreat , afraid of responsibility . To be very , very clear about what we need , or to be murky , saying a little of this , a little of that , and a lot of ` maybe , kind of , sort of . ' To build our nation 's future , or to protect their own backside with caution and corporate cash . " The AFL-CIO will also step up their 2016 activity this year by taking their Raising Wages summit message to the first four presidential primary states - Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina . Though Trumka did not mention Clinton by name , liberal activists could see 2016 implication in the labor leader 's remarks . "  Trumka 's comments appear to reflect the yearning of so many Americans , who long not just for more leaders like Elizabeth Warren specifically but in general , leaders who stand up for working people and not just for powerful monied interests , " said Sally Kohn , a liberal activist and CNN contributor . "  Is Trumka implicitly endorsing Warren ? I do n't know , but what I think he is explicitly endorsing is more principled , populist leaders like her -- including in the 2016 presidential race . " Wednesday 's meeting is the first AFL-CIO summit on raising wages in the United States . Labor organizations and Democratic politicians used much of 2014 to push raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 . Republicans thwarted the law in Congress , but voters in reliably red Alaska , Arkansas , Nebraska and South Dakota gave labor leaders hope when they voted to approve ballot measures to increase their minimum wages . Trumka pressed those priorities on Wednesday , urging the labor leaders assembled to use their "  collective voice " to "  protect workers ' full rights to engage in collective bargaining and hold employers accountable for violations for these rights . "	Richard Trumka heralds Sen. Elizabeth Warren as an "  inspiration " who embodies labor 's "  highest ideals " on Wednesday Trumka to Warren : "  You have always been and will always be a remarkable champion of working people " Trumka urged Democrats to take sides on labor ahead of the 2016 presidential election
CNN  -- "  When hardship hits , America is at its best . The petty differences that consume us in normal times quickly melt away . There are no Democrats or Republicans during a storm -- only fellow Americans . " -- President Barack Obama "  The problems we need to overcome now are not bigger than we are . We can defeat them . I am offering real change and a real choice . " -- Mitt Romney In the final days of the presidential campaign , President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney offered their visions for America in op-ed columns on CNN . The candidates shared their optimism about the country 's future and described how their visions had shaped their policies . You can read both columns on the CNN Opinion page . The columns sparked a passionate conversation that ran through the weekend . The columns had almost 19,000 comments , and more than 300 iReport users shared their reactions . There was a fair amount of partisan bickering , but some commenters took the opportunity to share what they were voting for in this election instead of focusing on the negative . Others , such as South Carolina college student Byron Thomas and Fubao Wang , a naturalized citizen in Pennsylvania , offered their own visions for America . We 've collected a sampling of the conversation in the gallery above . You can share your vision for America in the comments or post your thoughts on CNN iReport . Compiled by the CNN moderation staff . Some comments edited for length or clarity .	Barack Obama and Mitt Romney 's visions generated a passionate discussion Some readers explained their voting choices ; others offered their own visions Share your vision for America in the comments or post your reaction at CNN iReport
CNN  -- In his first executive order as Illinois governor , Pat Quinn established Friday the Illinois Reform Commission as an official state body under the governor 's office . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn wants a review of state government practices completed in 100 days . "  I think we are sending a message to the people of Illinois that we understand that integrity is No. 1 when it comes to the government of the Land of Lincoln , " he said of his executive order . Quinn had set up the commission earlier this year when he was lieutenant governor under Rod Blagojevich , whom lawmakers impeached earlier this month and removed from office Thursday . His executive order "  formally establishes the Illinois Reform Commission under the auspices of the governor 's office , " he said at a news conference . The commission , led by former U.S. Attorney Patrick Collins , is an independent body that aims to evaluate existing Illinois law and practices in government , according to its Web site . It says it will release an initial report outlining its findings and recommendations in about 100 days . Quinn said there is "  an integrity crisis " in Illinois . "  We 're going to start to fumigate state government from top to bottom to make sure that it has no corruption , " he said . The Illinois Senate on Thursday voted unanimously to remove impeached Blagojevich from office . A second vote , to prevent him from holding future state office , also passed unanimously . Watch reaction to Blagojevich ouster " Blagojevich said he was sad and disappointed by the Senate 's decision but not surprised . He was arrested on federal corruption charges in December . Federal authorities allege , among other things , that he was trying to sell or trade the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president . After the governor 's arrest , the state House voted overwhelmingly to impeach him .	Gov. Pat Quinn wants "  integrity " restored to state government Reform commission will report to Quinn 's office Quinn took over as Illinois governor Thursday when Rod Blagojevich ousted
Greeted by throngs of Catholic worshipers from across the region , Pope Benedict XVI ended his two-country tour in Havana 's Revolution Plaza with a reference to what he described as a need for "  authentic freedom . " Changes between Cuba and the world can come only if "  each one is prepared to ask for the truth and if they decide to take the path of love , sowing reconciliation and brotherhood , " the pope said Wednesday . He also met with the Communist country 's former leader , Fidel Castro , before heading to the airport for a Rome-bound flight Wednesday evening . Conflicting reports emerged Wednesday over whether the pope had met with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Two Cuban sources told CNN the pontiff met Tuesday with Chavez , who is in Cuba for cancer treatment . But Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said reports of the meeting were false . In a farewell speech just before boarding the plane , he criticized the U.S. trade embargo on Cuba , saying "  restrictive economic measures , imposed from outside the country , unfairly burden its people . " Benedict , whose office has routinely cast the trip in the context of a spiritual pilgrimage , at times addressed political issues -- often subtly , and on occasion more overtly . At the start of his visit , aboard a flight from Rome , he denounced violence caused by the drug war in Mexico and blasted Cuba 's Marxist political system by saying it "  no longer corresponds to reality . " Later , he prayed for "  those deprived of freedom " while in Cuba 's southeastern city of Santiago de Cuba . And he made several references to freedom in his final sermon in Havana , addressing a nation that human rights groups have routinely denounced for its abuses . Many in Cuba and around the world listened closely to the pope 's homily at the enormous open-air Mass Wednesday to see whether he would expand on -- or be more forceful in -- his apparent criticisms . But his comments often seemed couched in a broader discussion of religious openness . "  It is with joy that in Cuba there have been steps so that the church can carry out its mission , " but the country must continue to strengthen this path , he said . Tens of thousands of faithful packed Revolution Plaza to hear Wednesday 's Mass. . The pope arrived in the so-called popemobile , his bulletproof vehicle , which slowly made its way to the altar . At some points , he appeared just a few feet from the crowd , which shifted as onlookers tried to get a closer look . Rescue workers carried away at least three people who fainted in what was a comparably mild Caribbean heat , after waiting for hours for the pope to arrive . "  Every time the pontiff comes comes here , there 's always some sort of transformative period for us afterward , " said Jorge Luis Rodriguez , a Havana resident who joined the thousands that filled the square on Wednesday . But Cuban dissidents complained that police prohibited some activists from leaving their homes to attend the Mass and that others were detained . Amnesty International said in a statement that activists were "  facing a surge in harassment in a bid to silence them during the pope 's visit . " Government opponents were detained , threatened or stopped from traveling freely leading up to pontiff 's arrival , according to the human rights group . "  The clampdown has seen an increase in arrests , activists ' phones have been disconnected , and some have had their houses surrounded to prevent them  from  denouncing abuses during Pope Benedict 's tour , " the group said . CNN could not independently confirm those reports . The pope 's visit comes 14 years after Pope John Paul II addressed massive crowds near the towering sculpture of Che Guevara in the historic first papal visit to the island nation . Elsida Martinez , a Havana resident who said she watched from the square when John Paul spoke in 1998 , said there was a noticeable difference between the two pontiffs . Cuba itself was also different , she said . "  When we saw John Paul , Cubans did n't really know anything about religion , " Martinez said . "  Now we 're open more . We practice  religion  more . We believe more . " When John Paul came "  it was a different period in our history , " said Camilo Ortiz , a 50-year-old Havana resident , but the former pontiff 's visit still "  had more power " than Benedict 's . "  During that time , there were many difficulties here , " Ortiz added . "  Now , there are some changes , and things are a little better . " After the island 's so-called "  special period , " which began in the early 1990s after the dissolution of the Soviet Union , Cuba -- which had long enjoyed Soviet subsidies -- was confronted with a prolonged period of economic hardship . When John Paul visited years later , the country was still reeling from its effects . Cuba is Benedict 's second stop on a tour that has also taken him to Mexico , where he denounced the violence-plagued drug war before traveling to the island nation . "  In Cuba , there will not be political reform , " said Marino Murillo , vice president of the island 's council of ministers , responding to the pope 's remarks about its Marxist political system . But some Havana residents at Wednesday 's Mass said they were optimistic . "  For me , there 's a hope " that comes with Benedict 's visit , Ortiz said . "  There 's a hope that something 's going to change . "	Pope Benedict XVI meets with former Cuban leader Fidel Castro The pope ends his trip to Cuba referencing a need for "  authentic freedom " In a farewell speech before leaving , he criticizes the U.S. trade embargo Rights group : Authorities harassed activists , tried to silence them during pope 's visit
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- They chanted "  Osama , Hero ! ... Obama , Terrorist ! ... Destroy America ! " Hundreds of followers of the Islamic Defenders Front gathered Wednesday at its Jakarta headquarters to give Osama bin Laden "  a million thanks and honor . " They sang Islamic songs before chanting prayers for bin Laden . Islamic Defenders Front , or FPI , is an Indonesian Islamist movement which advocates implementation of conservative laws . They 're more known for thuggish attacks on groups deemed un-Islamic or immoral and minority religious groups , according to human rights groups . Men , women and children filed into FPI 's Jakarta headquarters , walking past posters of Osama bin Laden and U.S. President Barack Obama , his face crossed out in red . In a statement read by its Secretary General Sobri Lobis , FPI expressed doubt about the death of bin Laden , saying the news from "  infidel America " should be scrutinized . However , the group also said , if the news was true , it condemned the killing and the way bin Laden 's body was buried at sea . "  Osama bin Laden is a true Islamic warrior figure who defended Islam , " FPI said .	FPI known for militant attacks on groups deemed un-Islamic or immoral Hundreds of FPI followers gathered Wednesday in Jakarta to pray for Osama bin Laden "  Osama bin Laden is a true Islamic warrior figure who defended Islam , " FPI said
CNN  -- Science has brought us incredible gifts : life-saving vaccines and clean water , air travel and instant communication . Modern life is built upon the knowledge that the scientific community has gathered and that society -- markets , governments , workers -- put to use . We have our ancestors to thank . But will our descendants thank us ? Have we put to good use the knowledge we are gaining today to help those who will come after us ? That question is now before one of the highest courts of the United States . As a scientist who has spent the past half-century documenting how mankind is fundamentally altering our climate , I fear that unless the courts understand the threat and require the government to produce a plan of action , the answer of history could be damning . In a new study , I and my co-authors make indisputably clear what the world 's scientists have increasingly warned : Our climate is changing , and the impacts are growing . The changes harm humans and threaten other life on the planet . Our study , published in the prestigious peer-reviewed science journal PLOS-ONE , was written in support of a lawsuit against the federal government . The plaintiffs are young people , those to whom we are handing an increasingly warmer and destabilized planet . They argue that they have a constitutional right to a safe climate , that they have a right to receive from us a planet that supports all life , just as our forebears gave us . It is correctly a legal argument , but it relates to a fundamental moral question . We know without a doubt that gases we are adding to the air have caused a planetary energy imbalance and global warming , already 0.8 degrees Celsius since pre-industrial times . This warming is driving an increase in extreme weather , from heat waves and droughts to wildfires and stronger storms  though mistakenly expecting science to instantly document links to specific events misses the forest for the trees  . More than simply listing calamitous threats , we wanted to jump-start the discussion of how the world can take significant action . Now . First , the good news . We still have time to choose . Will we seek out and exploit ever deeper and dirtier fossil fuels or phase in cleaner carbon-free energy ? If we start aggressively reducing carbon emissions , we can stabilize our climate and avoid cataclysmic change . Our fate truly is in our hands . Our analysis shows that we must rapidly reduce carbon emissions and improve land management policies to restore billions of tons of carbon to soils and forests . We recognize that wo n't be easy . Carbon emissions will decline only if the price of fossil fuels begins to include their costs to society : their effects on human health and climate . Economic analysis shows that a rising carbon fee collected from fossil fuel companies would swiftly drive market innovations and investments in clean energy .  Indeed , many companies are preparing for such a fee . Watch out for climate surprises , scientists warn Courts can not tell the government how to reduce emissions . But they can require that the government provide a plan : How will emissions be reduced to assure that the rights of young people are protected ? There is also painfully challenging news . The widely accepted goal of limiting global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius would lead to continually receding shorelines and growing climate extremes . We must , instead , keep maximum warming close to 1 degree Celsius . Thus , most of the allowed carbon emissions budget has been used up . We must phase out coal emissions . And it would be foolhardy to develop unconventional fossil fuels such as tar sands . In short , our analysis finds that we must act more quickly and more aggressively than politicians and international negotiators have even considered . My co-authors are experts on biology , ecology , law , economics , public health , climate modeling , oceanography and paleoclimatology . We need broad expertise because climate change is not just a science problem . It is the great challenge of our times . Climate change warriors : It 's time to go nuclear Climate change is altering people 's lives , right now , from the United States to Africa to the Arctic . It is as clear and present a danger as we 've ever seen . And the threat will only get worse if left unchecked . If we allow the planet 's energy imbalance to increase and the ocean to continue to warm , we will pass a point of no return . Our children and grandchildren would inherit disintegrating ice sheets , rising seas that inundate all coastal cities , increasingly violent climate extremes and extermination of countless species . We would leave future generations a far more desolate planet than the one that we were blessed to inherit . Science and the knowledge it brings is a gift only if we use it . Failing to act on our knowledge to protect future generations would be the gravest injustice of all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Hansen .	James Hansen : We know what to do to prevent climate catastrophe Ending emissions from coal and stopping development of tar sands are key , he says It 's time to establish a fee for companies that emit carbon , Hansen says Hansen : It would be unjust to bequeath to our descendants a desolate planet
The United States upped pressure on Moscow over the Malaysia Airlines disaster as Secretary of State John Kerry drew a clearer line to Russia over its ties to rebels in Ukraine and the rocket system used to down the jet . He also noted on CNN that it was a "  moment of truth " for Vladimir Putin . Kerry and key congressional lawmakers from both parties especially sharpened the focus on Putin to , as Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said , "  man up " and lead . There was concern , however , that Russia 's behavior since Thursday 's destruction of Flight 17 by a missile the United States believes was fired by the Russian-backed rebels further underscores Putin 's hardening preference for Cold War-era politics . "  This is going back to the days of Stalin , and Khrushchev and Brezhnev , " Republican Rep. Peter King said on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " "  The way he 's responding to a crisis , which he caused , which everyone knows he did , and yet he goes underground . This is what a mafia guy does . This is what a goon does . Not a world leader . Not someone in the civilized world . " Asked on CNN 's "  State of the Union " whether the incident has pushed U.S.-Russian relations back to Cold War-era levels , Feinstein simply said , "  yes . " Outrage expressed Governments from around the world have expressed outrage at the disorderly situation at the remote crash site about 40 miles from Russia 's border and called on Putin to use his influence on the pro-Russian rebels to open up the area to investigators and stand aside . Since the crash that killed nearly 300 people , the Ukrainian government and the rebels have traded bitter accusations over who was responsible and what has been done since . Russia has denied any involvement , and Putin said Ukraine 's military campaign against the rebels was to blame for blowing the Boeing 777 out of the sky . But Kerry said it would be "  ridiculous " for the international community trust what Putin has said . Kerry said there was a "  buildup of extraordinary circumstantial evidence " that the rebels were behind it and that the suspect rocket system used was transferred to them from Russia , which denies its military equipment crossed the border . "  We know with confidence , with confidence , that the Ukrainians did not have such a system anywhere near the vicinity at that point in time , so it obviously points a very clear finger at the separatists , " Kerry said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " He called a "  very , very critical moment for Russia to step up publicly and join in the effort in order to make sure " there is a full investigation . The crash site near the town of Torez in the Donetsk region is under rebel control and the situation was said to be far from organized . Negotiations were being held for the release of nearly 200 recovered bodies , and there were reports some of the dead had been looted . International investigators have limited access . Kerry said that he spoke Saturday with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in what he called a "  direct and tough conversation . " Russia needs to help ensure that investigators can conduct a thorough investigation , Kerry said . "  This is the moment of truth for Russia and for Mr. Putin , " Kerry said . Not shooting from hip But while Kerry urged Russia to allow for a complete investigation , he did not lay out specific repercussions for the Russians . He said they are being discussed with European allies . He added on "  Fox News Sunday " that the United States was n't going to "  shoot from the hip , " but instead respond in a "  thoughtful way . " When pressed on "  Meet the Press " that the Obama administration is giving Russia too much maneuvering room , Kerry said the world is "  complicated . " He pointed to Russia 's cooperation removing chemical weapons in Syria and other parts of the world . "  Russia is working with us in a cooperative way on the P5 + 1 , " which are the talks regarding Iran 's nuclear program . The Obama administration criticized But Senator Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said Kerry 's response was not severe enough . "  He did n't call Putin the thug that he is . He did n't call for arming Ukraine so they can defend themselves , " Graham said on "  Meet the Press . " Reaction from Republicans plays into the ongoing narrative that Republicans paint of the President 's foreign policy leadership as being weak and indecisive . Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker said the response by the Obama administration since Russia began its annexation of Crimea has been "  timid and cautious . " It has "  kept Putin from really paying a price inside his country for the actions that have been taken , " he said on "  Fox . " "  The United States needs to end its tepid response , " Michigan Rep. Mike Rogers , Chairman of the House Intelligence Community , said on ABC 's "  This Week . " He called for "  aggressive " help for the Ukrainian military . Others called for more even tougher sanctions on Russia 's energy and banking sectors , which the administration escalated this past week just before the plane crash . King , who sits on both the Homeland Security and Intelligence Committees , said global response should also consider relieving Russia from hosting the 2018 of the World Cup . Pressure on Europeans Kerry and Republicans and Democrats were in agreement , however , regarding the role of the Europeans who have been reluctant to impose tough sanctions against Russia because of their reliance of Russian energy . "  We hope this will be a wake-up call for some countries in Europe that have wanted to stand back and give this more time and worry about the trade relationship , " Kerry said on "  Meet the Press , " repeating a sentiment expressed by President Barack Obama last week . Corker said the western countries response to Russia in the past six months has been "  tragic . " "  I 've been indredibly discouraged by not only the U.S. response , but by the European response , " he said on Fox . On the same program , Sen. Bob Menendez , D-New Jersey , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said the United States and Europe have "  to have a far more significant response than we 've seen to date . " A new Cold War ? Members of Congress issued their own much more dire warning of Putin . On "  State of the Union , " Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said , "  Mr. Putin is returning to a Cold War " posture . "  And I think this is a game changer , what happened , the downing of this commercial flight by separatists tied to Putin , " McCaul said . Zbigniew Brzezinski , former national security adviser for Jimmy Carter , believes Putin , if anything , has started a new Cold War . "  He has gotten himself into horrendous jam . I strongly suspect that a lot of people in Russia , even not far away from him who are worried that Russia 's status in the world is dramatically being undermined , " Brzezinksi said Sunday on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . "	John Kerry said "  extraordinary " evidence points to Russia providing missile launcher He pressured Vladimir Putin to use influence over rebels to allow international probe He called on the Europeans to increase pressure on Russia , raising issue of trust for Putin Senate Intelligence Chair calls on Putin to "  man up " and lead
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- The parents of a 17-year-old boy killed by a tiger at the San Francisco Zoo said the attack has forever ruined Christmas for them , while police are investigating whether someone helped the tiger escape . The victim 's parents , Marilza and Carlos Sousa , express shock at the death of their son . The area of the zoo in which the Siberian tiger killed Carlos Sousa of San Jose has been deemed a crime scene , San Francisco Police Chief Heather Fong said . The zoo 's director , Manuel Mollinedo , said officials have not determined how Tatiana , who weighed more than 300 pounds , escaped from her exhibit area and attacked three patrons Tuesday before police shot and killed her . Sousa 's parents , Carlos and Marilza Sousa , said they were in shock and were having trouble believing what had happened . "  It 's hard to believe , " said the elder Carlos Sousa , who said he and his wife learned about their son 's death Wednesday morning . "  I had to go identify the body . It 's pretty mangled up . " Watch the family 's reaction to the attack " Marilza Sousa put a photograph of her son on the family Christmas tree and said she 'd never be able to celebrate the holiday again . "  Our Christmas is with him , " she said . "  No more Christmas . " Police said Sousa was killed just outside the tiger 's enclosure . The two others , who were injured , were about 300 yards away by a cafe . The two survivors were in stable condition Wednesday and doing well , San Francisco General Hospital said . Watch as the tiger 's victims are rushed to the hospital " The head of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums said this was the first-ever visitor fatality due to an animal escape at a zoo accredited by the association . Ron Magill of Florida 's Miami Metrozoo told CNN that the Siberian tiger is "  the most powerful cat on the face of this planet . " Speaking to reporters Wednesday , Mollinedo was asked about an incident last year , in which Tatiana chewed flesh off a keeper 's arm during a public feeding demonstration . Mollinedo said that Tatiana "  was acting like a normal tiger " at the time , and that the zoo modified procedures to increase safety . California 's Division of Occupation Safety and Health determined the zoo was at fault because of hazardous conditions in the Lion House and lack of specialized safety training for employees . The zoo made changes that the state safety division ordered . The Lion House , the zoo 's big-cat exhibit , was closed for more than six months after that incident . Sousa 's sister Beatrice appeared told CNN Wednesday night that the family has not received information about the investigation . "  There 's a lot of pain . You know , no words for it . It 's just too much , " she said . "  Our family is very , very hurt . " The zoo was closed Wednesday while officials investigated the tiger attack . Mollinedo said the zoo will probably reopen Thursday , but the Lion House will remain closed "  until we get a better understanding of what actually happened . " Tatiana was held in an exhibit area that included a 20-foot moat and an 18-foot wall , Mollinedo said . The 4-year-old tiger was born at the Denver Zoo and came to San Francisco in 2005 . Experts from other zoos will inspect the setup to help suggest modifications to assure safety , he said . "  We have deemed the site , as of last night , a crime scene , " Fong said Wednesday , and police are working to gather evidence and witness statements . Fong said fire and police responded to emergency calls shortly after 5 p.m. Tuesday . When police arrived , they saw the tiger "  sitting next to a person on the ground , " and the tiger turned back and began attacking the person again , she said . Officers yelled at the tiger to stop , and did not fire immediately "  for fear that they would not be able to contain their fire , " she said . "  When the yelling was occurring , the animal turned toward the officers , " who then shot and killed the animal , Fong said . Watch as animal expert Jack Hanna discusses the attack " Authorities carried out multiple searches to ensure there were no other victims , she said . The zoo had closed at 5 p.m. , and only around 20 people were still there , Mollinedo said . The other victims of the tiger attack have not been publicly identified . Dr. Rochelle Dicker , a surgeon at San Francisco General Hospital , said the two "  young men " injured are "  in very stable condition . " In fact , she said , "  they look absolutely fantastic . " Doctors are focusing on ensuring that the patients do n't develop infections , she said , adding that they "  will be on antibiotics for some time . "  By the time they got here , they were very , very stable -- not close to death , " Dicker told reporters . "  Really , it was just a matter of washing out their wounds . " Jim Maddy , president of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums , issued a statement expressing "  sympathy to the family of the guest that lost his life , and our deepest hope that the two injured guests will recover . " Read about other escapes and attacks by captive animals Maddy called the San Francisco Zoo "  great , " and noted that it is accredited by the association . "  Until this incident , there had not been a visitor fatality resulting from an animal escape at an AZA-accredited zoo . "  AZA mandatory accreditation standards require safety and emergency protocols that go beyond federal , state or local requirements . Regular safety training and annual emergency drills are required by these mandatory accreditation standards . " He said association rules "  require that the San Francisco Zoo provide a thorough report to its independent accreditation commission , which will review it and determine any actions that need to be taken . We will not speculate on what action might be taken until the facts are fully reviewed . " Along with Siberian tigers , an endangered species , the zoo has rarer and smaller Sumatran tigers . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Police investigating whether someone helped tiger escape The parents of mauled Carlos Sousa : There will be "  no more Christmas " Two surviving victims are in stable condition , doctor says Sousa was killed just outside the tiger 's enclosure , police say
CNN  -- Square , the mobile app and hardware that turns a smartphone into a cash register , is now letting users send and receive money as easily as sending an e-mail . Square Cash can be used between friends , say as a way of paying back a buddy for picking up the tab last night , or for small businesses that have been using its plastic card reader to accept credit card payments . "  Square has always believed in creating solutions for individuals and businesses that work with the tools they already have in their pocket , " Brian Grassadonia , head of the Cash project , said in a post on Square 's website . "  Square Cash makes it convenient to send money to anyone -- without making them jump through hoops to retrieve it . "  Now it 's easier than ever to split a bill , send a birthday gift , or settle up with a friend , no matter where you are . " Sending money via Square Cash will be free , according to the company 's post . Created by Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey , the current Square model charges 2.75 % of the transaction cost plus a 15-cent fee -- a price in line with what larger retail stores pay in order to accept cards . Users do n't need to sign up to use Square Cash . Someone can simply send an e-mail to the recipient , with cash@square.com cc ` ed and the amount of the payment as the message 's subject line . That user will then receive an e-mail prompting them to link a credit card to their account . The recipient enters a debit card number once , and will have that account associated with their e-mail afterward . In addition to e-mail , there is a Square Cash app for Apple 's iOS devices and for Android . The service launched Tuesday and is currently only available in the United States . Founded in 2009 , Square offers services that are available in the United States , Canada and Japan . Since then , it has added products like an iPad-holding countertop register and an app that lets users do a mobile check-in at participating businesses and pay even if they do n't have a credit card with them .	With Square Cash , users can make payments remotely via e-mail The system requires sender to register credit card and recipient a debit number Square was founded in 2009 as a way to let small businesses to accept cards
CNN  North Korea on Tuesday served up its latest round of threats against the United States , saying it plans to place military units tasked with targeting U.S. bases under combat ready status . The Supreme Command of the North Korean military said it "  will put on the highest alert all the field artillery units including strategic rocket units and long-range artillery units , which are assigned to strike bases of the U.S. imperialist aggressor troops in the U.S. mainland and on Hawaii and Guam and other operational zone in the Pacific , as well as all the enemy targets in South Korea and its vicinity . " Angered by tougher U.N. sanctions and joint military exercises by the United States and South Korea , Pyongyang has issued a range of bombastic threats in recent weeks . North Korea 's threats : 5 things to know The announcement this month by the United States that its B-52 bombers were making flights over South Korea as part of the military exercises particularly enraged the North , which warned of reprisals if the sorties continued . The North Korean military statement Tuesday , carried by the state-run Korean Central News Agency , referred to the B-52 flights again , saying they had taken place over South Korea on Monday . The U.S. Department of Defense responded to the North 's latest saber-rattling by reiterating its confidence that it can fend off whatever the regime of Kim Jong Un can come up with . "  The U.S. is fully capable of defending ourselves and our allies against an attack " by North Korea , said Lt. Jack Miller , a Pentagon spokesman . "  We are firmly committed to defending the Republic of Korea and Japan , " he added , using the official name for South Korea . Island faces North Korean threat up close U.S. and South Korean generals on Friday signed a new contingency plan "  designed to counter future North Korean provocations . " Military officials from the two allies developed the plan after North Korea shelled South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island in 2010 , killing four people . Weeks of saber-rattling The slew of fiery rhetoric from Pyongyang in the past few weeks has included threats of pre-emptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea , as well as the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is no longer valid . Most observers say North Korea is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile , but it does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . Behind the veil : A rare look at life in North Korea The heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula came after the North carried out a long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions on the secretive regime . The North Korean statement Tuesday also referred to the sinking of a South Korean warship , the Cheonan , which took place three years ago to the day , killing 46 sailors . South Korea blamed the North for the attack , accusations that Pyongyang has repeatedly denied . "  The present South Korean puppet authorities tried to link the Cheonan sinking case with the DPRK and shift the blame for the Yeonpyeong Island shelling on to the DPRK , " the statement said , using the shortened version of the North 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . U.N. human rights inquiry angers North Korea CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	North Korea says it will put military units "  on the highest alert " It says the units target locations including the U.S. mainland , Hawaii and Guam The U.S. says it is "  fully capable " of defending itself and its allies The North is angry over U.N. sanctions and U.S.-South Korean military exercises
CNN  -- Giant jellyfish descend on the Sea of Japan , causing untold devastation to coastal villages and leaving a trail of destruction and human misery behind . A diver attaches a sensor to a Nomura 's jellyfish off the coast of northern Japan in October 2005 . Sounds like a great sci-fi flick . But it 's not . It 's real and a nightmare for Japanese fishermen . The massive sea creatures , called Nomura 's jellyfish , can grow 6 feet  1.83 meters  in diameter and weigh more than 450 pounds  204 kilos  . Scientists think they originate in the Yellow Sea and in Chinese waters . For the third year since 2005 , ocean currents are transporting them into the Sea of Japan . Monty Graham , a marine biologist at Alabama 's Dauphin Island Sea Lab , said the jellyfish grow to an enormous size as they are transported by ocean currents . He said they stay together in packs and as they drift northward , they get caught in fishermen 's nets . The giant jellyfish are one of about 200 species of coastal jellyfish or large jellyfish that exist around the world . But Nomura 's stands out because of its enormous size . "  The sheer size of them , individually , makes them fairly spectacular , " Graham said . Spectacular , perhaps , to scientists , but perilous to villagers along the Japanese coast who have seen the destructive habits of these colossal creatures in the past . They had giant-jellyfish invasions in 2005 and 2007 , and because they 've recently been spotted in the Sea of Japan , they 're bracing for another , potentially harmful wave this summer . The jellyfish destroy fishermen 's nets , getting trapped in them , tearing holes and ruining catches . Fishermen often use expensive mazelike nets that stretch for hundreds of kilometers . When swarms of giant jellyfish tear them , the result is devastating . "  Communities of fishermen and these fishing villages own these nets , " Graham said . "  When these nets get wiped out , it actually has this economic devastation for an entire community . " The good news is that previous attacks have prompted Japan to put in place a warning system for fishermen . While they still risk losing a big catch , they can , at least , save their pricey nets from the invasion of the giant jellyfish . It 's not clear why waves of Nomura 's jellyfish have made it to the Sea of Japan in recent years . Some have speculated that overfishing , pollution or rising ocean temperatures may have depleted the kinds of fish that prey on Nomura 's jellyfish in the polyp stage . However , no one is certain , Graham said .	Nomura 's jellyfish seen in Sea of Japan for third year since 2005 Species can grow 6 feet  1.83 meters  in diameter , 450 pounds  204 kilos Tears in expensive nets can devastate communities
