Hard questions are being raised about the Taliban in Afghanistan now that the United States will formally meet with the erstwhile al Qaeda ally . Why is the U.S. government engaging the hard-line Islamic fundamentalist group , a regime that once sheltered Osama bin Laden and his terrorist network and was eventually routed out of Afghanistan by a U.S. invasion after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks ? Such tough questions were unleashed shortly after the announcement about upcoming U.S.-Taliban talks during a Tuesday news conference held by State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki . She was asked point-blank : "  In the eyes of the U.S. , is Taliban a terrorist group ? " Responded Psaki : "  Well , I 'm not sure how they 're defined at this particular moment . " To be fair , Psaki described the U.S. peace talks with the Taliban -- which Afghan President Hamid Karzai opposes -- as the preliminary step toward long healing process in war-torn Afghanistan and creating "  reconciliation " within the country . At their office in Doha , Taliban make changes In the meantime , many details remain to be worked out about the Taliban , Psaki said . On Wednesday , Psaki dismissed reports that the first meeting had been scheduled for Thursday and said a date has n't been set . "  The important thing here is that we 've long said that moving toward a reconciliation process , of which they are a key part -- the president has said this , the secretary  of state  has said this -- is an important part of moving towards a more stable Afghanistan . That 's why we support these efforts , " Psaki said . "  That 's why we 've been so engaged , why the secretary has been so engaged , at every level of the government . " What has influenced U.S. leaders is the Taliban 's announcement that they oppose "  the use of Afghan soil to threaten other countries " such as the United States and they support an Afghan peace process , Psaki said . To advance peace , the Taliban has chosen , Doha , Qatar , to open an office under the name "  Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan . " On Tuesday , the Taliban told reporters it wanted to improve its international relations . The Taliban announcement has angered the Afghan president , who said the country 's High Peace Council wo n't take part in peace talks in Qatar until the process is led by Afghans . In Kabul , Karzai met with politicians and members of the High Peace Council on Wednesday to talk about the Taliban office in Qatar . Why Taliban would talk as U.S. withdrawal looms In a statement , Karzai said his country wants peace , "  but the messages of continuation of fighting , which were sent out during the opening of the Taliban office in Qatar , are completely in contradiction with the peace-wanting spirit of the government of Afghanistan . " Karzai was referring to how , during Tuesday 's ribbon-cutting in Qatar , a Taliban spokesman said the group would continue its military campaign while at the same time renouncing international terrorism . Seeming to make good on its military pledge , the Taliban later Tuesday claimed responsibility for the attack inside the Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan that killed four U.S. soldiers . Karzai criticized the Taliban 's promise about military advances . "  This shows that the continuation of such policies of the Taliban are for ... foreigners ' strategies and goals , " Karzai 's statement said . He charged that "  foreign powers " are behind the opening of the Taliban 's office in Qatar . U.S. officials , however , view the Taliban office as a good start -- "  good news , " in fact . "  We 've long said that this conflict will likely not be won on the battlefield , and that is why we support this office , " Psaki said . The ability to open a formal line of communication with the Taliban is important to reaching an "  end goal " of disassociating the Taliban from al Qaeda and bringing peace to Afghanistan , Psaki said . Psaki asserted that the rights of women -- protected under the Afghan constitution -- are not open for negotiation with the Taliban , which has oppressed and mistreated women . "  It 's not up for negotiation , " Psaki said of the rights of Afghan women and minorities . "  That is the end goal of the process of reconciliation . This is a first step in the process . I 'm not overestimating or overstating what it means , but certainly , a first step is one farther step than we had just a few days ago . " What to know about the proposed talks Psaki reiterated the "  beginning of the process " theme -- even when asked whether the U.S. government now considers the Taliban "  a legitimate fighting group " as opposed to "  enemy combatants . " "  Our goal in Afghanistan continues to be to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al-Qaeda to ensure that the country can never again be a safe haven for terrorists . We 're doing both at the same time , talking and winding down our fighting in the country , " Psaki said . But what about the several Taliban leaders who are on a most-wanted list ? Will the United States delist them as the Taliban has sought ? "  This is just the first step in the process . There is a journey to go here , " Psaki said . "  So it 's significant because we are taking a step in the process , but there need to be negotiations , there need to be discussions . " U.S. forces in Afghanistan now stand at about 66,000 but are expected to fall to 32,000 by the end of the year , and there will be even fewer in 2014 . Gen. John Allen , the former commander of U.S. troops in Afghanistan , recommended a level between 6,000 and 15,000 troops , but the Pentagon has cut the proposed figure further , to between 2,500 and 9,000 , according to a defense official . That U.S. withdrawal raises the stakes for Afghanistan to govern itself in peace .	Peace talks between U.S. and Taliban are "  a first step in the process " of reconciliation But details remain to be worked out about the Taliban disavowing al Qaeda State Department spokeswoman is asked : "  Is Taliban a terrorist group ? " "  Well , I 'm not sure how they 're defined at this particular moment , " she responds
The company was founded in 1968 by Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore , two of the original brains behind one of the major players in early computer chip development , Fairchild Semiconductors . Intel launched its first microprocessor , the 4004 , in November 1971 , and it was followed by the 8008 and the 8080 , which was used in one of the world 's first personal computers . The 4004 , Intel 's breakthrough invention , powered the Busicom calculator and paved the way for embedding intelligence in inanimate objects as well as the personal computer Today the company is still at the forefront in the development of computer chips and microprocessors offering cutting edge chipsets , processors and motherboards . In 2007 Intel 's total revenue was more than $ 38 billion , with an operating revenue of $ 8.2 billion and a net income of $ 7 billion . The company employs 86,300 people at more than 50 locations across the world , including the Intel Headquarters in Santa Clara , California . Intel particularly supports Achieve 's Mathematics Achievement Partnership  MAP  , a unique collaboration among states that will create a new assessment and teaching and learning strategies to assist U.S. 8th-graders in mastering the challenging foundations of algebra and geometry to the level routinely taught in the highest performing countries . E-mail to a friend	Intel was formed in 1968 by founders of Fairchild Semiconductors It 's first microprocessor , the 4004 was launched in 1971 In 2007 Intel 's total revenue was more than $ 38 billion
Adelaide , Australia  CNN  -- It is just a brief moment in time , the time it takes to draw a breath , to click your fingers , the time it takes to detonate a bomb . Life , as you knew it , changed forever . On the morning of July 7 , 2005 , I was just another anonymous commuter on my way to work during rush hour in London 's crowded metropolis . I was short and spritely , weaving through what seemed like a never-ending sea of people to ensure I had a chance of getting on a Tube train . What I did n't know then was that a 19-year-old named Jermaine Lindsay , determined to detonate a bomb he was carrying in his backpack , was boarding the train carriage at the same time as me . We were just seconds out from the station platform when "  click " -- no bang , no boom , no noise at all , just a split second between life and death , between light and complete darkness . Although we were all anonymous strangers in that carriage , in those crucial moments we became each other 's saviors , a much-needed hand to hold , a comforting and reassuring voice to hear , we became united in our disbelief , our shock , our pain and our absolute horror . An hour passed before rescue could reach us , although the memory is one of timelessness -- the world had ceased to be , nothing made sense and my mind was trying desperately to process every aspect of what I was experiencing . I felt no physical pain , and yet as the thick darkness began to break , the light revealed it was only a thread of skin that was left attaching my legs to my body . It was the brutal images of those who had lost limbs from the Boston Marathon bombing being carried from the scene that resonated deep within my heart -- for I knew , I knew what life is without legs , I knew what they would face in the coming days , weeks , months and years . For me , it was the euphoria of survival , of having Life that ultimately saved me from feeling hatred , bitterness or indeed to seek revenge for my loss . I was Alive and I was still "  Gill " and yes , although there was a significant part of my body missing , somehow my understanding of life grew . It was witnessing and indeed being a recipient of the brilliance of humanity that also shaped my "  new " life -- and there was no better sign of this absolute brilliance than in my hospital wristband . It chillingly read "  One Unknown -- Estimated Female . " I remember vividly reading those words again and again and each time they revealed a deeper sense of humanity and what was important . That tag said to me that people actually put their own lives at risk in trying to save mine , trying to save as many as they could . To them , it did n't matter who I was , whether I had a religion , if I was rich or poor , if my skin was dark or fair , indeed if I was male or female -- all that mattered was that I was a precious human life . Being "  One Unknown " also told me that on that morning Jermaine Lindsay did n't set out to kill or maim me , Gill Hicks . He did n't know me , he did n't know what I thought or what I felt : to him I was conveniently placed in a group called "  Them " as opposed to "  Us . " I 've often thought , what if we had the chance to talk before he detonated his bomb ? I was n't given a choice , I was n't offered a chance to "  defend " my life ; instead he presumed that I was his enemy . Terror knows no names . Its list is broad and cruel , sweeping from Baghdad to Boston , killing and maiming those who have innocently been in detonation range . Humanity knows no names -- just the value of every single life . But must "  we " forgive our hurt in order to heal ? For me , the person whose actions took my legs is dead . He 's gone . He is only a name to me . There is no chance for dialogue or for to say "  sorry , " to even want my forgiveness . My healing is what I now understand to be a continuous journey , one where I must always find strength in love , of self and humanity and to stay focused on what really matters ; leading a life that honors my great gift . Replacing the idea of recovery with a strategy for adjusting , adapting and ultimately accepting "  change " has equally helped me to understand that I will never know what it is like to have my legs back -- to have that physical freedom again . I had to create a "  new " idea of normal . To be filled with hatred , as those who created such devastation , was never an option . I allowed the brilliance of the unconditional love that I had experienced throughout my rescue and the following months and years to fill me and show me how to live . I knew that my life , this Life number 2 had to be dedicated to making a positive difference and to building a sustainable peace -- to endeavor to eradicate ignorance in the world , replacing it with empathy . While I wish the world would just "  Stop " -- for there to be an end to innocent lives being killed or maimed by acts of terrorism or extreme conflict , I now realize , after years of deep thought , that all we can Change is ourselves . I hold onto the belief that If each of us , each "  One Unknown " made a positive contribution to our own lives , that if we strived to grow to our full potential and truly honour the preciousness of being "  here " -- then when multiplied , the acts of one become many and the acts of many can change the world as we know it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gill Hicks .	Gill Hicks says euphoria of survival saved her from feeling hatred for her loss Images of those injured in Boston bombings resonated with her , she says Hicks asks if we must forgive our hurt in order to heal After years of thought , she says she realizes all we can really change is ourselves
CNN  In October , a few days before Joe Fraley 's mom moved into an assisted-living facility , before she stopped recognizing him and responding to his music , he sat beside her on the porch with his guitar and turned on the camera . It was sweet and sad as Judy Fraley asked her youngest son questions he had learned not to try to answer . "  Who are we now ? " she asked him . "  I do n't understand . " "  What , Mom ? " "  I 'm getting very confused , honey . ... I do n't know myself . " Fraley , 33 , looked at his 70-year-old mother and reassured her the only way he knew how . "  It 's OK . Everything 's going to be OK . ... Do you want to hear a song ? " She smiled and kissed his cheek . "  Yes , I do . " Ever since he began playing music , Fraley would write a song and immediately play it for his mom . She was his biggest fan . And when Alzheimer 's disease began to steal her memory , Fraley said , it was amazing to watch the effect of music on her , almost like a drug that relieved her tension and made her feel good , even as the disease changed her into someone new each week , like a child growing up in reverse . In the video , as Fraley starts to play , a smile spreads across his mother 's face and she starts to bounce . She 's singing along , beaming at him . He pauses . "  What do you think , Mom ? " "  I think you 're wonderful . " That was two months ago . She has n't recognized him for a couple of weeks . Last week , Fraley showed up at the Glen Park assisted living community for dementia and Alzheimer 's patients , in Monrovia , California , and began to play . She walked out of the room . As a release for his sadness , Fraley went on the social-sharing site Reddit on Friday and posted the 2-month-old video along with this message : "  I recently stopped bringing my guitar to my Mom 's home because she no longer recognizes me and does n't respond to it anymore . I wish I would have a played a lot more to her when she did . " The video has been watched by more than 1.2 million people . "  I have never seen anything on the Internet as profoundly moving as this , " one commenter wrote on Reddit . "  I know it 's just a short window into your life , but I feel as if your kind soul can be seen clearly . How much love your mama has for you , and how you comfort her is so beautiful . " Fraley works as a technology coordinator for a Catholic high school in Montibello , California . He was a little embarrassed to share something so personal with the whole world -- he feared perhaps he was exploiting his mother and letting strangers see her at her worst -- but having seen the response , he 's glad he posted it . He knew he had captured a special moment that encompassed the essence of who she was , what she was going through and what he was going through all at once . "  To see your mom scared is the worst thing imaginable , and to see her falling away from you slowly , it 's unreal , " he said . "  You just have to be calm and smile and basically just comfort them as they go down , because you have no control over what 's happening . " Judy Fraley was a therapist and healer who taught for over 30 years at different high schools in L.A. and the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena until she started having memory problems . She once appeared as a dream analysis expert on "  The Marilu Henner Show . " She began showing symptoms of memory loss a decade ago , but it took several years to get an official diagnosis of Alzheimer 's , her husband , Joseph Sr. , said . Joe Fraley moved in with his parents to help care for them . Judy Fraley moved to the assisted living facility a few days after the video was shot and since then has gone rapidly downhill . Fraley said hundreds of people have written to him , sharing similar stories of what they 've gone through and how the video reminded them of their parents . Somebody sent him a painting of Fraley and his mom , just based on the video . Fraley has documented other touching moments throughout his mother 's illness , including the last thing she ever wrote and a poignant photo essay of his dad giving his mom her wedding ring at her new home in the assisted living community . In August , his parents will have been married 50 years . The song he plays in the video was written years ago , before his mother was diagnosed . "  It 's about being really close to somebody and having them no longer there with you , " he said . "  I wrote it about a girl , but it ended up being about my mom . " Fraley 's dad said the video and the world 's response is the only positive thing to come out of an awful disease that 's stolen his wife and so many other people . "  I like the idea that Judy will get recognized because she 's such a wonderful person , " Joseph Sr. said . "  She 's the most wonderful person I 've ever known . " The support from people who 've watched Fraley 's video has been so encouraging to him and his family that he said he will continue to play at his mother 's assisted-living facility , even after she passes away .	Joe Fraley has been performing his music for his mom for as long as he 's been playing Judy Fraley recently entered a California assisted-living facility Her son says music is almost like a drug , helping relax her
CNN  -- Hong Kong is fast becoming the Fort Knox of ivory . As one of the chief gateways to mainland China -- the world 's largest market for ivory , according to animal welfare groups -- Hong Kong has seized tons of what Chinese collectors call "  white gold . " In the last six months alone , more than six tons of elephant ivory worth close to $ HK50 million  $ US6 .5 million  was confiscated in Hong Kong . In one shipment alone , Hong Kong authorities seized 3.8 tons of tusks , equivalent to one-sixth of the total illegal ivory confiscated worldwide last year . Where this ivory is stored in Hong Kong is a closely guarded secret . "  For security reasons , we are not in a position to disclose further details of the keeping premises and the seized items , " a spokesman for Hong Kong 's Agriculture , Fisheries and Conservation Department told CNN . With a black market price of almost $ 3,000 a kilogram , Hong Kong 's authorities are taking no chances . "  The keeping premises are equipped with adequate security measures such as security guards and CCTV surveillance , " he said . But high-profile thefts in Zambia and Botswana have highlighted the security headache and the drain on resources that ivory stockpiles pose for countries . "  For many countries where ivory is detected entering the country illegally and seizures take place , especially involving large amounts of ivory , there is the very real possibility , given its current high value and the expense involved with maintaining security , of it finding its way onto the market , " said Dr Naomi Doak , the Greater Mekong Program Coordinator for the wildlife trade monitoring network TRAFFIC . "  A number of countries have come out and acknowledged that they have lost ivory from stockpiles , " she added . Part of the problem , she said , was that countries are only required by international agreements on animal trade to report the weight rather than the number of tusks confiscated . "  If  countries  have to provide detailed records including the number of pieces as well as the weight of individual items , it makes it easier to verify and also allows more information to be used in analysis such as transportation trends , " she said . Scientists have begun a program of mapping poaching hotspots by analyzing DNA from seized tusks . For Grace Ge Gabriel , regional director for the International Fund for Animal Welfare , stockpiles are an invaluable resource in creating a crime database . "  There is a lab that has been set up in the University of Washington in the U.S. where they have already constructed a map of African elephant DNA which will help them pinpoint which country the ivory came from and where the poaching hotspots are , " she told CNN . Gabriel said that more often than not , poaching is repeated in the same areas . Information of this type helps law enforcers to choke off the trade at source . While the Hong Kong stockpile is among the best protected in the region , and authorities have been quick to cooperate with the DNA database program , Gabriel said stockpiles in general present a risk . "  We feel that confiscated ivory requires a lot of capacity to keep it in a secure location and leaving it in these places will always tempt people to get their hands on it . " According to the Convention on International Trade on Endangered Species  CITES  which wrapped up in Bangkok this week , a large amount of confiscated African ivory goes missing every year . "  The size of ivory stockpiles in many countries in and outside Africa , and their possible contribution to the illegal ivory supply chain , remains another important gap in the current understanding of the dynamics of the illegal ivory trade , " a report unveiled at CITES -- entitled "  Elephants in the Dust , The African Elephant Crisis " -- stated . "  This gap could be substantially narrowed through mandatory , regular inventorying , " it said . "  Forensic techniques may help to establish the extent to which ivory in illegal trade is derived from poaching or was leaked from official stockpiles . " The report said the number of large-scale seizures of ivory  more than 800kgs  destined for Asia had more than doubled since 2009 , reaching an all-time high in 2011 . Illegal ivory trade activity has more than doubled since 2007 and is now over three times larger than it was in 1998 , the report said . The report also said that highly-organized criminal networks operate with relative impunity to move large shipments of ivory to markets in Asia as a result of weak governance and collusive corruption at all levels . While ivory has since 1989 been on Appendix I of CITES -- which outlaws its international trade -- critics blame a one-off sale of ivory stockpiled in Africa to China and Japan in 2008 for the latest spike in illegal ivory trading . As elephant numbers increased following the ban , CITES officials agreed to the sale of 68 tons of ivory from stockpiles in the hope that regulated ivory would flood the market , putting further pressure on poached ivory . The paper trail set up by the Chinese government to cover the newly regulated ivory products became the perfect cover for illegal traders . A flurry of false documentation branded poached ivory legal for trade and elephants have been slaughtered in greater numbers than ever . In one case reported by the Environmental Investigation Agency , the employees of a major Chinese ivory distributor were able to register and legalize ` new ' , or illegal ivory , simply by declaring to provincial customs authorities that they had forgotten to register ivory before the ban , but wanted to "  register it now . " According to CITES figures , the number of slain elephants in Africa was estimated at 17,000 in 2011 , 7.5 % of the continent 's elephant population . Conservation groups say nothing short of a complete ban will halt poaching . Meanwhile , alternatives such as mammoth ivory -- legal because the mammoth has been extinct for more then 4,500 years -- has done little to stem the poaching , claim experts , instead fueling demand for ivory products . A report on the mammoth ivory trade commissioned by Care for the Wild in 2010 found that buyers of mammoth ivory were sometimes undiscriminating about the provenance of the piece . "  Some buyers of mammoth ivory items may notice that the quality of elephant ivory is usually superior for larger pieces and may switch to elephant ivory objects , which might encourage more elephant poaching , " the report said . "  If mammoth ivory objects were to be introduced into Africa , businessmen might try to use them as a cover for their illegal elephant ivory objects ; small items can be difficult to distinguish . " In Hong Kong , one of the main hubs for Russia 's $ 20m-a-year mammoth tusk industry , finding mammoth tusks that are large enough to sculpt is becoming increasingly difficult . "  Fossickers  can only work in summer because the tundra in Russia is frozen for the rest of the year and even then they 're having to dig deeper to get the larger tusks , " said one Hong Kong trader who did not want to be named because of the sensitivity surrounding all ivory trade . "  It seems like all the bigger , easy-to-get pieces have already been extracted . " Despite the legality of the mammoth tusk industry , he said people still come into his shop on Hong Kong 's fine arts and antiques strip on Hollywood Road asking to buy elephant ivory . "  Many times , many times  people ask for ivory  . Do they know it 's illegal ? Some do , some do n't , " he said . Conservation groups have now targeted what they call the "  gang of eight " nations at the center of the illegal ivory trade -- Kenya , Thailand , Uganda , Tanzania , Vietnam , Malaysia , Philippines and China . Tom de Meulenaer , a senior CITES official , said the convention 's ruling committee had "  run out of patience " over the ivory issue and last week it moved to toughen up action against the worst offending countries . At its final session in Bangkok , CITES delegates approved a decision to demand an action plan from the so-called "  gang of eight " to reduce the trade in ivory within 12 months . If these countries do not meet these targets , delegates said , they would likely be hit with sanctions barring their own legal wildlife and plant trades . TRAFFIC 's elephant and rhino expert Tom Milliken said it was time for countries on ivory trade routes to produce blueprints for curbing the ivory trade . "  We 've seen trade in illegal ivory double since 2007 and the illegal killing of elephants double since 2005 . We 're really at the highest levels of illegal killings and illegal trade in two decades , " Milliken told CNN . "  There is a general sense that things are beginning to spin out of control . " He said that while Chinese demand was driving the trade due to its increased economic power and its history of ivory consumption , no other country was doing more in terms of making seizures . "  Unfortunately , it 's just not yet registering a deterrent effect , " he said .	Hong Kong has amassed a stockpile of tons of seized illegal ivory Last year , authorities seized more than six tons of ivory destined for China Conservation groups say demand in China is driving the illegal trade Illegal trade in ivory has more than doubled since 2007 , a report says
CNN  -- Police in the Philippines have arrested former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on corruption charges , the state news agency reported Thursday . Arroyo is at a hospital in Quezon City , police said . On Thursday , officers went to her room , where she was hooked up to an IV to treat hypertension and dehydration . Police formally arrested her , but she 'll remain in the hospital because her health wo n't allow her to be moved , said senior criminal investigator Jigs Coronel , CNN affiliate ABC-CBS reported . Police said they 've secured her hospital room . At the time of her arrest , the ex-president 's representative and her lawyer were by her side . She is facing a charge known in the country as plunder . Arroyo is accused of fraudulently transferring money from a Philippine charity , CNN confirmed . Last year , she was charged with electoral sabotage .	Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo was arrested at a hospital where she is being treated for hypertension She 'll remain in the hospital because her health wo n't allow her to be moved , official says She 's accused of fraudulently transferring money from a charity
Los Angeles  CNN  -- If you are parked in front of your TV to watch the Grammys , you only saw a fraction of what happened at the annual music awards show Sunday . In fact , 70 of the 81 trophies were handed out in a pre-telecast ceremony in the Nokia Theatre L.A. LIVE , next to the Staples Center where the last 11 Grammys were presented between a record 20 star-studded performances . Plenty of action takes place backstage where the winners go to talk after they leave the stage , as well . There were hints backstage that the Zac Brown Band , which claimed the best country album Grammy , may be veering into other music genres . "  I love great music of all different kinds , " Zac Brown said . "  We 're just getting started . One project ahead is an acoustic album , Brown said . "  We really control all of our destiny now and all of our rights to everything we do now , so we can really experiment , " he said . He especially enjoyed the Grammy performances of Rihanna , Sting , Justin Timberlake and Kelly Clarkson , Brown said . Brown used the Grammy weekend to develop relationships with other artists . "  My rolodex got strong this weekend , " He said . After Carrie Underwood won her sixth Grammy , the latest for best country solo performance , she made it clear backstage that she 's sticking to country music and would never cross over into pop music . "  I love that world , " Underwood said . "  I love the people in it . I love making country music that anybody can get into . If it ever crosses over , then it does it on its on . I do n't think I can see myself making a pop album . " We learned backstage why Jay-Z teased The Dream about the "  Boyz in the Hood " he was wearing when they accepted their Grammy for best rap/sung collabotation . "  I would like to thank the swap meet for his hat , " Jay-Z said in his acceptance . "  He was just digging on me , " The Dream explained backstage . "  Yeah , we do that . " The trigger for the kiddng was that Jay-Z 's wife , Beyonce , had just said she wanted the hat . And in fact , he bought the cap at a swap meet in Compton , Caifornia , he said . The Dream also revealed he would fly to Paris soon to work on an album with Kanye West , who shared the collaboration Grammy with him . "  Hopefully we can get another Grammy together , " he said . The televised presentations target pop , country , urban , rock , and rap categories , leaving the jazz , gospel , classical , Latin and other categories to the pre-show . The Nokia Theatre was far from full , because many of the 754 individual nominees and their teams were on the red carpet or still getting ready for the big show while the pre-show was under way . But if you were there for the pre-show -- or watched it streamed online -- you would have heard Rihanna , Drake , Jay-Z , Kanye West , Usher , Beyonce and Paul McCartney win Grammys . You still would not have seen them , however , because those stars were not present to accept . You would have seen Taylor Swift making an effort to appear excited and surprised as she accepted a Grammy for best song written for visual media . She won it because she was a co-writer of "  Safe & Sound , " a song made for "  The Hunger Games " film . "  This is unbelievable ! " Swift exclaimed . It was her sixth Grammy in her young career . The Beach Boys ' Brian Wilson also took the pre-telecast stage to accept the Grammy for best historical album . He co-produced "  The Smile Sessions , " a resurrection of an abandoned Beach Boys album project from 45 years ago . He hinted that the Beach Boys have "  a lot of stuff in the can that has n't been heard " and that the group would "  try to get an album together " this year . Wilson , 70 , appeared frail , requiring two men to walk on each side backstage . Janis Ian , another major star from the past , was there to accept a Grammy . Ian called it a "  big upset " when she beat first lady Michelle Obama , former President Bill Clinton , Ellen DeGeneres and Rachel Maddow in the best spoken word category . "  I keep thinking there must be a punchline here , " Ian joked . "  An ex-president and the first lady and three lesbians walk into a bar . " Ian won for narrating "  Society 's Child : My Autobiography . " It was just her second Grammy after nine nominations in eight different categories . "  I made a choice to be a songwriter and not be part of the circus all the time . I do n't do popular music because that 's not what I 'm good at , " Ian said backstage . Bonnie Raitt was there to get her 10th Grammy , the latest for best Americana album given for "  Slipstream . " "  I did n't expect this , " Raitt said . "  I have enough . " Jazz legend Pat Metheny took home his 20th Grammy out of 36 nominated . The latest for best jazz instrumental album , given to him for "  Unity Band . " Esperanza Spalding , the bass-playing jazz singer whose best new artist win upset Justin Bieber fans two years ago , was present to win two more Grammys in the pre-telecast . Spalding , 28 , won for best instrumental arrangement accompanying vocalists and for best jazz vocal album for "  Radio Music Society . " Drake , whom Spalding also beat two years ago for best new artist , may now wish he had been there because the rapper was awarded his first Grammy after 13 nominations . Then again , he also lost twice Sunday when Jay-Z and Kanye West beat him in the best rap song and best rap performance categories . Paul McCartney was a no-show to pick up his Grammy for best traditional pop vocal album . It was awarded for his "  Kisses on the Bottom " album . While there are plenty of household names announced in the pre-show , it is also the chance for the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences to honor people who perform important jobs for the music industry . For example , Billy Vera won a Grammy for writing the best album notes . He composed the notes for an album of Ray Charles music , "  Singular Genius : The Complete ABC Singles . " Fritz Klaetke , the art director for "  Woody At 100 : The Woody Guthrie Centennial Collection , " won a Grammy for producing the best boxed or special limited edition package . While this may seem to be the most unglamorous of all Grammys , Klaetke said the category was important for "  recognizing the role packaging design plays in these days of downloaded music . "	NEW : Best country album winner Zac Brown hints his band may try new music NEW : Carrie Underwood reveals backstage she would never make a pop album 2011 best new artist Esperanza Spalding accepts two Grammys in Sunday 's pre-show The pre-telecast honors categories such as best album notes and best album package
NEWTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- For Laura Geraghty , April 1 , 2009 , started out just as any other day . It was sunny but cool , she remembers . Laura Geraghty was shocked 21 times before she came back from cardiac arrest with tales of the afterlife . The mother of two , also a grandmother , was at her job , driving a school bus for the Newton Public School District in suburban Boston , Massachusetts . Her passengers , special-needs children , were wheelchair-bound . Seemingly in good health and in good spirits , Geraghty was finishing up her late-morning run , transporting a student and teacher back to Newton South High School , when she realized she was in trouble . As she was pulling into the school parking lot , she began having sharp stomach pains . She was able to park her bus , but she kept feeling worse . The pain "  went right up my arm and into my chest , and I said , ` Uh-oh , I 'm having a heart attack , ' " she said . The teacher ran from the bus to get help . Newton South 's nurse , Gail Kramer , and CPR instructor Michelle Coppola arrived moments later with the school 's new automated external defibrillator . Geraghty , barely conscious , was fading fast . She was weak and having trouble breathing . And then she went into full cardiac arrest . "  Her eyes were wide , and all of a sudden she stopped talking to us , " Coppola said . "  I grabbed the two pads , stuck them on her , started it up , and I 'd say within 20 seconds , she had her first shock . " Coppola and Kramer performed CPR while they waited for paramedics . See an expert give a quick lesson in CPR " At that point , Geraghty says , her body died . She remembers watching the scene unfold -- as if from above . "  I floated right out of my body . My body was here , and I just floated away . I looked back at it once , and it was there . " Geraghty says she saw deceased loved ones , her mother and her ex-husband . "  It was very peaceful and light and beautiful . And I remember like , when you see someone you have n't seen in a while , you want to hug them , and I remember trying to reach out to my ex-husband , and he would not take my hand . And then they floated away . " Next , she says , she was overwhelmed by "  massive energy , powerful , very powerful energy . " "  When that was happening , there were pictures of my son and my daughter and my granddaughter , and every second , their pictures flashed in my mind , and then I came back . " What Geraghty had was a near-death experience , fairly common in people who go into sudden cardiac arrest . Geraghty was down for 57 minutes . No blood pressure , no pulse , no oxygen , no blood flow . She was shocked 21 times before she finally came back with tales of the afterlife . According to the Near Death Experience Research Foundation , nearly 800 near-death experiences happen every day in the United States . Dr. Kevin Nelson , a neurologist in Lexington , Kentucky , studies near-death experiences and says they 're not imagined . The explanation , he says , lies in the brain itself . "  These are real experiences . And they 're experiences that happen at a time of medical crisis and danger , " Nelson said . Humans have a lot of reflexes that help keep us alive , part of the "  fight or flight " response that arises when we 're confronted with danger . Nelson thinks that near-death experiences are part of the dream mechanism and that the person having the experience is in a REM , or "  rapid eye movement , " state . "  Part of our ` fight or flight ' reflexes to keep us alive includes the switch into the REM state of consciousness , " he said . During REM sleep , there is increased brain activity and visual stimulation . Intense dreaming occurs as a result . And the bright light so many people claim to see ? "  The activation of the visual system caused by REM is causing the bright lights , " Nelson said . And the tunnel people speak of , he says , is lack of blood flow to the eye . "  The eye , the retina of the eye , is one of the most exquisitely sensitive tissues to a loss of blood flow . So when blood flow does not reach the eye , vision fails , and darkness ensues from the periphery to the center . And that is very likely causing the tunnel effect . " Nelson is doing studies now to prove that the same effect results from fainting . "  The most common cause of near-death experience in my research group is fainting . Upwards of 100 million Americans have fainted . That means probably tens of millions of Americans have had these unusual experiences . " But Geraghty says this was no dream . "  I know I went someplace else . I know I went someplace else other than here . " Dr. Bill O'Callahan , the emergency room doctor who shocked her back to life , agrees . "  Cynics out there would say and agnostics would say that 's phenomenon that comes from a dying brain . I think that 's hogwash . I firmly believe that people experience these events . " Cheating Death : Back from the dead Bob Schriever , co-founder of the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Association , was refereeing a high school football game seven years ago when he went into cardiac arrest , died and was revived . He , too , questions the dream explanation . "  Why are so many people dreaming the same thing ? How can so many people , and there 's hundreds of thousands of people who have experienced this , how can we all be dreaming the same thing and describe the exact same thing ? " Schriever says these experiences are so profound that only someone who has gone through them can truly understand . Seven years later , he is still consumed with his own near-death experience . "  I think about that every morning when I wake up , first thing , during the day , I do n't know how many times and every night before I fall asleep . I think about that . People do not understand or appreciate what we go through . " Scientist uses poison gas to suspend life For Geraghty , it 's a daily struggle to put the pieces back together again . "  I 've been someplace that not everybody can go , and there 's not a lot of people you can sit down and have that conversation with , " Geraghty said . "  My own daughter tells me , ` It 's freaky , Mom . ' I 've literally lost friends over this the minute they hear it . " Tweet your own experience and you could win a copy of "  Cheating Death " Geraghty says she became depressed once she left the hospital because her perspective on her entire life changed . She still gets depressed , she says , and is on medication . "  I actually went to my doctor and said to her , ' I think I 'm losing my mind . This ca n't be really happening , ' you know , and she said it 's OK , it 's very hard to understand when you 've been through an experience like that . " Geraghty has joined the cardiac arrest group , hoping that connecting with others who understand what she 's been through will allow her to come to terms with what happened to her that cool spring day six months ago . And allow her to heal and move on .	Woman whose heart stopped describes "  floating , " seeing dead loved ones "  It was very peaceful and light and beautiful , " Laura Geraghty says Doctor links "  fight or flight reflex , " intense dream state to near-death experiences Those who have experienced it say it has changed their lives
CNN  -- When Typhoon Haiyan made landfall in the Philippines on November 8 , 2013 , it struck the city of Tacloban hard . The capital city of Leyte province , nearly 400 miles south-east of Manila , was one of the first places hit by the storm and was devastated by a huge "  storm surge " fueled by winds that reached an average of 195 mph  310 kmph  . Around 200,000 people were made homeless in a matter of hours as a wall of ocean water flattened their homes . Tacloban City Stadium was one of just a handful of structures in the area to withstand the storm , despite its coastal location . CNN camera operator Scott Clotworthy visited it and other locations in Tacloban used by the AFP agency seven months ago and shot these updated photos . Read more : Returning to a city still struggling , but determined Is Tacloban ` building back better ' after Typhoon Haiyan ? See : Tacloban stadium before and after Typhoon Haiyan	Scroll the slider above to see Tacloban after the storm that struck on November 8 , 2013 and six months later The stadium was one of just a handful of structures in Tacloban to withstand the storm CNN revisited the city in May 2014
Thousands of now-state-run restaurants in Cuba will move into the private sector and be run by citizen owners , the island nation 's government announced Friday . The Cuban Domestic Trade department put the number eateries being privatized at 9,0000 -- compared with 1,261 private family-run restaurants already operating . The state will still own the land the restaurants sit on . This is not the Cuban government 's first step towards a more private economy for Cuba . Self-employment including the creation of privately owned "  paladares " was first authorized in 1993 . Moreover , in May 2011 , President Raul Castro 's government announced a new reform plan that shifted toward the free market and announced that some state-owned businesses such as barbershops or beauty shops would become private . "  In order to lift the economy , the Cuban government took the decision to get out of businesses they have been running badly for the last 50 years , " Philip Peters , president of the Cuban Research Center , a Washington-based analysis organization told CNN Friday . The privately owned restaurants already in business in Cuba "  offer interesting new dishes and they are doing very well , " according to Tomas Bilbao , executive director of the Cuba Study Group . "  Cuban entrepreneurs can now buy these  newly privatized  places from the government and negotiate the price , " he told CNN . "  They will also have to pay taxes and social security . "  The benefit of buying one of these state owned restaurant is the location , the reputation and the utensils available that may be hard to find in Cuba , " Bilbao said . The Cuban government had previously said that it would get out of the restaurant business , and Friday 's announcement is "  part of the updating of the economic social model , " said Deputy Minister of Domestic Trade Ada Chavez . Cuba 's Domestic Trade department said that the government was seeking to expand "  services with quality and safety that the Cuban people and tourists visiting the island deserve . " According to the Cuban National Statistics office , Cuba hosted around 2.8 million tourists in 2012 , and private restaurants are very important to the development of the tourism industry . "  For many people who visit Cuba , these restaurants are part of the attraction , " said Peters . "  It is a socialist economy , it 's going to stay a socialist economy but with a much bigger private sector in it . "	The restaurants had been government-owned , as are many businesses in Cuba By being privately run , the restaurants will better serve tourists , an analyst says Some restaurants in the island nation already are privately owned They "  offer interesting new dishes and they are doing very well , " the analyst says
Mexico City  CNN  -- Delia Garcia traveled hundreds of miles to spend Mother 's Day marching in Mexico 's capital . It is her latest stop in the search for her son , who went missing more than two years ago after he was kidnapped by a group who drove up in trucks to the doors of her house in the northern city of Torreon . "  That day , they took my son 's life and they took mine . They took half my life , because this half , I am using to search for him , " Garcia said . She was among a group of mothers and other family members marching in Mexico City on Thursday , Mother 's Day in Mexico and several other Latin American countries . Holding signs with pictures of their missing sons and daughters , they said they came with the hope of being heard . But they said they were also tired of waiting , claiming that the authorities have not done enough to find the thousands of people who have disappeared as a brutal drug war embroils the nation . "  The first few days I lived with fear . I lived with a lot of fear , but seeing that they were not doing anything , I decided to make my signs and go out and look for him , and let people know that I am searching for my son , " said Irma Alicia , whose said her son disappeared in Mexico 's capital on March 23 . Alicia said she was still waiting for answers . Vanishing victims : The ` open wounds ' of Mexico 's drug war Others told similar stories . Jose Antonio Torres said communication was even more difficult for his family ; many of them are deaf , including five people who went missing while selling calendars in the state of Coahuila on February 23 . "  The authorities do n't give any response . They do n't give information , and there is a lack of communication between the authorities and people with disabilities . There are not translators in the government offices , " he said . Without information , they have searched on their own , finding whatever details they can about the cases . "  They were at an intersection in Piedras Negras , and we know that a black truck with armed and masked gunmen took them , " Torres said . "  They were simply working in the street , on a public road . " Such stories are becoming increasingly common throughout the country , where government statistics indicate more than 47,000 people have died in drug-related violence since President Felipe Calderon declared a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . According to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission , more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period . And the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified . Officials fear the total number of missing could be far higher , because many disappearances go unreported . In October , Calderon said the "  very high " number of missing people was a growing concern . He listed them among the victims of violence that he described as "  open wounds " in Mexican society . "  We do n't know the size of the problem , " the president said during a speech inaugurating a new prosecutor 's office aimed at helping victims . But no matter the statistics , mothers marching in Mexico 's capital Thursday said they would not stop until their children are found . "  This is a call for help , a call for an immediate search , but above all a call of love , " Garcia said . "  Let our children know that we love them , that we are searching for them and we need them . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Mothers and others march with pictures of their missing sons and daughters They say they came to Mexico 's capital on Mother 's Day with the hope of being heard "  They took my son 's life and they took mine , " one mother says Human rights commission : More than 5,300 people have disappeared in five years
CNN  -- For many years , I had a pretty good working definition of cool : It was the thing that I was not . I was a chubby , bespectacled kid with a bowl haircut and my nose buried in the nearest book . When it came time to choose up sides for sports , they assigned me to the team with the best players -- as a handicap . The cool kids came to school in Jordans and Polo . I rocked Keds and fake Sanrio T-shirts my aunts sent to us from Taiwan . And that , of course , pointed to the biggest and most insurmountable obstacle standing in the way of my joining the ranks of the cool -- the fact that I was one of just four Asian kids in my entire school , a tally that included my younger sister . The cool kids were all white , except for a handful of black and Latino athletes . My fellow Asian students , meanwhile , were to varying degrees just like me : We were seen as permanently different , always out of sync with the shifting tides of style and status . Not quite outcast , but never part of the in crowd either . So when the phenomenon of Asian cool first arrived , I was caught off guard , and frankly , more than a little suspicious . When I was in college , Japanese and Hong Kong pop culture were first catching fire at the fringes ; they 'd attracted plenty of enthusiasts , but those fans were no cooler than I was .  Possibly less cool .  By the time I was working as a young journalist , I found myself on a beat covering anime and action cinema , J-rock and Cantopop , gadgets and gaming -- all things I was personally fascinated by , but could n't quite believe had attracted the attention of the so-called mainstream . And I secretly thought that it could n't last . The popularity of Asian pop culture was a fad , and like all fads would eventually fade . I was n't entirely wrong . After 1997 and reunification with mainland China , Hong Kong 's star ebbed . Anime and manga remain hugely popular , but have lost the dominant position they once held among youth . Japan 's once unassailable titans of technology -- Sony , Panasonic , Toshiba -- have seen their products fall out of place as the must-haves among mobile millennials . And yet , even as Hong Kong and Japan have moved out of the centerpoint of cultural cool , another Asian nation has stepped into the spotlight : South Korea -- the origin point of Samsung , "  Snowpiercer , " Girls Generation and "  Gangnam Style . " The surging popularity of Korean pop culture can be seen in the booming attendance at KCON , the annual California-based gathering for fans of Korean music , TV and cinema , which opens its doors this weekend at the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena . "  Our numbers have doubled each year , " says Angela Killoren , chief marketing officer of the event 's organizer , the North American subsidiary of Korean entertainment giant CJ E&M . "  We had 10,000 fans at the first KCON 2012 , 20,000 in 2013 , and expect 30 , around 40,000 to 50,000 persons overall enjoying the KCON experience this year " -- which includes the appearance of major TV drama stars , a head-to-head pro gaming throwdown , a talent contest called SuperstarKCON and a concert featuring chart-busting idols Girls Generation and G-Dragon as headliners . But even if Korea is the king of pop-culture cool now , can Korea hold onto the crown better than its Asian predecessors ? That 's a question Euny Hong addresses in her new book , "  The Birth of Korean Cool : How One Nation Is Conquering the World Through Pop Culture . " "  I think it can , " she says . "  The difference between cool Korea and earlier Asian pop culture waves is that Korea has been working to make this happen for almost two decades . Korea is cool because it decided to be cool -- it 's the first country in history that has made being cool a massive policy priority , backed by the Korean government to the tune of billions of dollars . " The fact is , the machine of Korean pop culture is as sleekly designed , systematically engineered and massively marketed as any Samsung gadget . It 's not just a gigantic money-making industry , it 's also the primary source of "  soft power " by which the nation seeks to shorten its path from war-torn , third-world country to the top ranks of world influencers . "  Koreans have a deep-seated desire to see the nation recognized and validated , " Hong says . "  We study harder than anyone in the world , we work more hours , and it 's all because of this need to see us finally come on top . " Japanese cool is quirky , the sum of the nation 's eccentricities . Hong Kong cool is frenetic , representative of the society 's freewheeling striving spirit . American cool is casual : It 's cool that 's anchored in doing without trying , it 's about being quintessentially effortless . By contrast , Korean cool could not be more effort-ful . The hypnotic appeal of K-pop videos are not just their candy-colored , otherworldly aesthetic , it 's also because their performers -- sometimes numbering in the dozens -- are invariably dancing in perfect sync , with a level of precision possible only because candidates for K-pop glory are recruited as adolescents and trained for years in groups that are required to live , take classes , eat , sleep and rehearse together until they 've achieved a transcendent level of harmony . It all underscores the fact that the rise of Korean cool was hardly an accident -- and that it could well have staying power . American pop is often seen by nations around the world as an invading force , crushing native alternatives with the unfair-to-the-point-of-being-weaponized scale of its marketing budgets . Korean cool , by contrast , is recognized as the product of hard work and ingenuity , developed by a nation that just a few generations ago was newly bisected by war and mired in desperate poverty . In the fastest-growing markets in the world -- Southeast Asia , Latin America , Africa , the Middle East -- K-pop is aspirational in part because it holds out hope that they , too , will someday be able to join the ranks of the global economy 's cool kids . Which means that lifelong nerds like myself might not be a completely lost cause , either . Back to practicing my precision dance routines .	Jeff Yang : For many years , I was never one of the cool kids , part of the in crowd Yang : I was surprised when Japanese and Hong Kong pop culture became popular He says South Korea is now hot -- with K-pop , Samsung , "  Gangnam Style , " movies Yang : Latest Korean cool can be sampled at KCON this weekend in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Wednesday , January 20 10:13 p.m. -- Thousands of people went to a wharf in devastated Port-auPrince today , hoping to board a ferry -- paid for by the Haitian government -- bound for another part of Haiti . The ferry 's owner told CNN the craft is licensed to carry 600 people , but on the last trip , more than were 3,000 onboard , CNN 's Ivan Watson and Rich Phillips reported . 7:52 p.m. -- The head of the International Monetary Fund has called for for a modern-day Marshall Plan to rebuild Haiti . "  My belief is that Haiti ... needs something which is big , not only a piecemeal approach , but something which will be much bigger to deal with the reconstruction of the country , some kind of a Marshall Plan , " Dominique Strauss-Kahn said on CNN 's "  Amanpour . " Strauss-Kahn did not offer specifics of what he envisions for a Haiti rebuilding effort , nor did he outline a timeframe . 7:36 p.m. -- President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama have given $ 15,000 to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , which was set up to help Haiti after last week 's earthquake . Obama had asked his two immediate predecessors -- former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton -- to set up the fund for relief and recovery efforts in Haiti . 7:31 p.m. -- Trained dogs have indicated at least one person may be alive under the rubble of an auto parts store in Port-au-Prince . A Los Angeles , California-based search and rescue team is checking the rubble for survivors . 7:25 p.m. -- Seven search and rescue teams are searching the rubble of he Hotel Montana in Petionville , Haiti , a senior Obama administration official says . Rescuers heard some faint knocking early this morning , but the knocking stopped after the morning 's aftershock , rescuers on the scene said . The hotel was popular with tourists and visiting officials . Americans are believed to be among the trapped . 6:49 p.m. -- People trapped because of the January 12 earthquake still could be alive if they were well hydrated when the quake happened , said Dr. Michael Gerardi , a pediatric emergency specialist in Morristown , New Jersey . "  It 's conceivable , and not unheard of , for people to live seven to 10 days with no water or food -- if they have not been exposed to the elements , " he told CNN 's Tom Watson . Gerardi 's comments come on a day when a 5-year-old boy was rescued from rubble in Haiti , eight days after the earthquake . 5:38 p.m. -- CNN 's Karl Penhaul reports on a mixed welcome for U.S. soldiers in Port-au-Prince . 5:15 p.m. -- Retired U.S. Lt. Gen. Russel Honor , who led relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , has expanded on comments he made to CNN yesterday about his belief that the most vulnerable in the earthquake zone should be evacuated . "  I do n't know if the flow of supplies can keep up with demand , unless we evacuate the injured , elderly , pregnant women , babies , and the disabled , " he said Wednesday . "  It is wishful thinking to add more hospitals . We need to think how these airplanes can leave with patients to the U.S. and other countries to be distributed to hospitals to stabilize them . " Read 4:55 p.m. -- A 5-year-old boy named Monley was pulled alive from a collapsed Haitian home on Wednesday , eight days after the earthquake . His mother was killed and his father is missing . It was unclear whether the boy had access to food and water , but doctors attributed his survival to resilience and the strength of his young body . He was taken to a hospital -- doctors said he had no broken bones but was suffering from severe dehydration . Read | Watch 4:52 p.m. -- The magnitude of Wednesday morning 's aftershock was 5.9 , the the United States Geological Survey now says . The USGS initially said the magnitude was 6.1 . The 7.0-magnitude earthquake on January 12 was more than 40 times stronger than Wednesday 's aftershock . 4:48 p.m. -- The Canadian military also is opening other aid routes  see U.S. military efforts in previous entry  . Canadian troops are working to open an airfield in the southern city of Jacmel by Thursday , Canadian Defense Minster Peter Mackay said . Two warships also are landing supplies by sea , and Canada has reached an agreement with Jamaica to fly supplies into southern Haiti from there . The moves come amid complaints from relief agency Doctors Without Borders that air traffic congestion in Port-au-Prince was delaying aid and costing lives . 4:45 p.m. -- The U.S. military , trying to open other aid routes into Haiti , says it has obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic 's air base at San Isidro , about 150 miles east of Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince . In addition , the Pentagon is dispatching a ship equipped with cranes that could get the port of Port-au-Prince back into operation "  within a week or two , perhaps , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates says . 4:39 p.m. -- David Gazashvili did n't have much time to settle into his new role as acting emergency director of Atlanta , Georgia-based humanitarian group CARE -- the job started January 12 , the day the earthquake hit Haiti . Now he 's in that country , directing CARE workers as they try to get aid to tens of thousands of Haitians in need . "  We did have a preparedness plan in place in Haiti , but the magnitude of this emergency was way above our plans , " he told CNN 's Wayne Drash . "  We escalated our plan and we 're implementing it as we go . " 3:43 p.m. -- Fears that Haitian earthquake survivors would engage in a massive and deadly ocean migration to South Florida have thus far been unfounded , according to U.S. federal and local government officials . Read 2:25 p.m. -- "  We will not let red tape stand in the way of helping those -LSB- orphans -RSB- in need but we will ensure that international adoption procedures to protect children and families are followed , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday during at appearance in the Washington area . 2:05 p.m. -- Oxfam said it expected to send a water truck into Port-au-Prince 's Delmas 48 district for a mass distribution at 3 p.m. 1:11 p.m. -- Followers mourn as Myriam Merlet , Magalie Marcelin and Anne Marie Coriolan , founders of three of Haiti 's most important advocacy organizations working on behalf of women and girls , are confirmed dead . Story 1:03 p.m. -- At least 11,000 U.S. military service members are now in Haiti or on ships nearby , and the military said Wednesday that it plans to send an additional 4,000 sailors and Marines . 12:46 p.m. -- The House of Representatives on Wednesday unanimously passed legislation that would allow individuals who make charitable contributions to victims of the earthquake in Haiti to claim an itemized charitable deduction on their 2009 tax return instead of having to wait until next year to claim these deductions on their 2010 tax return . The legislation will not become law until it is passed by the Senate and signed by the president . Read 12:35 p.m. -- The state of Florida reports 191 flights with 6,836 passengers have flown into Florida airports from Haiti since January 13 . The state 's Department of Children and Families has provided services to 2,731 Americans returning from Haiti , including 1,611 on Tuesday alone . 12:19 p.m. -- A funeral is scheduled Wednesday afternoon for Molly Hightower , a 22-year-old from Port Orchard , Washington , who was killed when the earthquake struck a school for disabled children in Petionville where she was volunteering for the charity NPH  Friends of the Orphan  . Fellow volunteer Ryan Kloos of Phoenix , Arizona , also was killed . 12:07 p.m. -- On Wednesday afternoon , Mercy Corps will distribute nutrient-rich biscuits to nearly 5,000 injured earthquake survivors -- many of them children -- and their families at General Hospital , Port-au-Prince 's largest hospital . 12:01 p.m. -- The hospital ship USNS Comfort , which saw duty in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina on the Gulf Coast in 2005 and the 2001 terror attacks in New York , arrived Wednesday morning in the waters off Port-au-Prince . U.S. helicopters will ferry patients aboard , bringing relief to overloaded hospitals and clinics . 11:51 a.m. -- Ena Zizi , a woman in her 70s who was rescued from rubble near Port-au-Prince 's ruined cathedral on Tuesday , is reported to be in stable condition in the care of doctors aboard the USS Bataan . Watch and read about her rescue 10:38 a.m. -- Missionary Troy Livesay in Port-au-Prince tweeted : "  We have seen little to no violence.It is hppng in isolated areas/incidents . Even now there is less violence/crime here than major US cities . " 10:33 a.m. -- CNN iReporter Juliano Puzo used his laptop 's webcam to shoot video of the aftermath of the January 12 earthquake . Watch  Warning : Video includes some profanity in English Share your earthquake stories 10:21 a.m. -- As of Monday , more than $ 210 million in donations had been raised for earthquake relief , according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations . The estimate is based on a survey of 25 charities contributing the largest amounts of money to Haiti . How you can help 10:16 a.m. -- An engaged couple in Minnesota donated $ 2,500 -- a quarter of their wedding budget -- to an agency providing medical care in Haiti . Watch 9:02 a.m. -- Louis Belanger , media officer for the relief agency Oxfam , sent a message via Twitter : "  Ppl quite edgy after aftershock , especially Haitian staff . Still , we are starting distribution in 5 sites today in Haiti . " 7:30 a.m. -- Wednesday morning 's aftershock sent patients at a hospital near Haiti 's airport in Port-au-Prince into loud prayers for forgiveness and protection , a nurse said . iReport.com : Looking for loved ones 6:03 a.m. -- A strong magnitude 6.1 aftershock struck Haiti . Its epicenter was 36 miles west-southwest of Port-au-Prince , the United States Geological Survey said . 4:17 a.m. -- The Navy hospital ship USNS Comfort is due to arrive off Haiti at midmorning Wednesday , carrying nearly 550 doctors , nurses , and other medical personnel . The ship will have six operating rooms available and can house up to 1,000 patients . Follow daily developments : January 12 January 13 Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday	Watch Anderson Cooper live from Haiti at 10 p.m. ET tonight . Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake iReport : Looking for loved ones
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There was no shortage of superstars in Washington this week , including the middle school students of Atlanta , Georgia 's Ron Clark Academy . Ron Clark Academy students singing their newest song , "  Dear Obama , " in Washington this week . "  There are those Obama kids ! " "  Those are the kids from TV ! " "  Sing for us ! " The middle schoolers ' ode to the political process , "  You Can Vote However You Like , " set to the tune of rapper T.I. 's "  Whatever You Like , " has garnered exhilarating fame nationwide . Invited to perform at inauguration events , the boys and girls were stopped along every block in the capital by people who asked them to sing and pose for a picture . "  I have a sleepy energy , " sixth-grader Kennedy Guest Pritchett said . "  I feed off of the crowd and their cheers . " The students ' new song , "  Dear Obama , " which they have performed this week , offers advice to the president on energy , taxes , financial regulation and al Qaeda and urges him to "  control Ahmadinejad . " "  Dear Obama hear us sing/We 're ready for the change that you will bring/Gonna shine the light for the world to see/to spread peace hope and democracy . ... Fight for health care for the young so that coverage is available to everyone/It 's time to find a renewable way to fuel our needs so we do n't end up depending on Chavez and the Middle East . " Watch the students sing "  Dear Obama " " The kids will perform Tuesday at the Africa and International Friends Inaugural Ball , sharing a stage with Usher and Patti LaBelle , one of many events in their packed schedule highlighted by a luncheon gala Monday to honor the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . "  I want to do good every song we perform . When the crowd cheers , I feel like we did a good job , " said Willie Thornton , a seventh-grader . "  I feel a lot of adrenaline afterwards . " The students have met the Kenyan Boys Choir , who told their American counterparts what kind of animals they might see when the Ron Clark students travel to Kenya on a school trip in June . At another luncheon , the sixth - and seventh-graders were thrilled to catch a glimpse of actor Ed Norton , the man who played the Incredible Hulk . But he did n't compare to singer Beyonce , who closed Sunday 's star-studded Lincoln Memorial concert and drew giggles and shouts . The kids gained notoriety just before the election when they appeared on CNN , singing "  You Can Vote However You Like . " They became media favorites overnight , appearing on several networks and shows . Dressed neatly in their school uniform of khaki pants , light blue shirts and navy blue blazers , they discussed the Iraq war , the economy and taxes with the composure of adults . Their teacher , Ron Clark , known for his innovation , has used pop music to teach his students . He once changed the words of Rihanna 's infectious hit "  Umbrella " to teach geography . "  You have to give students something they can identify with , something that catches their enthusiasm and spirit , " he said . "  I 'm so proud of them all . They 've taught me a lot . " Before founding his school in the rough neighborhood of South Atlanta , Clark taught in Harlem , where he penned "  The Essential 55 , " a rule-book for educators that caught Oprah Winfrey 's eye . She talked about it on her show , and it soon became a New York Times bestseller . This past Christmas , Clark received another gift from the talk show host : $ 365,000 . Winfrey donated $ 1,000 for each day of the year . Clark has said that the money will help provide scholarships for a year . The teacher said he plans to incorporate Barack Obama 's inauguration into lessons throughout the rest of the school year . "  Our school is about politics and world issues and helping the kids understand that they have an important role in all of that , " he said . CNN 's John Murgatroyd and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Singing Atlanta schoolkids perform at inauguration festivities "  I have a sleepy energy , " one 6th-grader says of the group 's packed schedule Ron Clark Academy singers gained fame for their "  Vote However You Like " song They have written another song , "  Dear Obama , " which offers advice to the president
CNN  -- Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick urged a school district to revise its policy allowing students as young as in elementary schools to get condoms if they are believed to be sexually active . "  It is simply not age appropriate to have a program in place for such young children , not to mention not having parents of such young children involved , " Patrick said in a statement . "  Comprehensive reproductive health education needs to be done in an age appropriate manner . " The policy -- passed this month -- has no minimum age on supplying condoms to students . It allows nurses to give condoms to students they think are sexually active after counseling and education without informing their parents . Provincetown school district superintendent , Beth Singer , who wrote the policy , said she wanted to ensure students of all ages requesting condoms get information on their use . "  Sex has no age limit . It 's an individual scenario for each person , " Singer said . "  We ca n't put out an age for using condoms . " Singer said the policy is being misunderstood and was never intended for elementary school students . It makes it clear that "  we are against  students  being sexually active , " she said . The superintendent urged parents to discuss sex issues with their children , including letting them know that abstinence is the only safeguard . A Provincetown school committee voted unanimously for the policy June 10 . It was due to go into effect in the fall , but the committee plans to re-examine its wording amid the concerns . Some parents in the school district decried the policy , saying it encourages children to be sexually active . "  This policy is stripping children of their innocence and making them more vulnerable to sexual predators , " said Sherri Smitt , whose daughter graduated from Provincetown High School . Evelyn Reilly of the Massachusetts Family Institute called the policy "  absurd " and said it does not give parents a say . "  Sex ed allows parents to make the decision to opt their child out , this policy is essentially saying it 's not the parents business if their child is having sex , " Reilly said . "  It is emotionally , physically and psychologically disturbing . " CNN 's Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	Massachusetts school district passes policy allowing condom distribution Students in elementary school can get condoms Policy allows school nurses to give condoms to sexually-active students Some parents say it encourages kids to have sex
CNN  -- Santos secured the Brazilian club 's first Copa Libertadores title since 1963 on Wednesday , defeating Uruguay 's Penarol 2-1 in the second leg of an ill-tempered final . After a scoreless first leg in Montevideo last week , goals from young Brazil striker Neymar and midfielder Danilo ensured Santos won South America 's premier club competition for the first time since legendary football icon Pele played for the team half a century ago . A late own-goal from defender Durval offered Uruguayan side Penarol hope of snatching a sixth Libertadores title , but Santos prevailed at the Estadio do Pacaembu in Sao Paulo . Neymar , who has been linked with a move to a host of European clubs including Real Madrid and Chelsea , broke the deadlock with a well-struck shot early in the second half . Danilo , a Brazil under-20 international , scored what proved to be the winning goal after 68 minutes with a driven shot beyond Penarol goalkeeper Sebastian Sosa . Santos ' post-match celebrations were soured by a mass brawl which broke out between both sets of players , immediately after referee Sergio Pezzotta had blown the full-time whistle . Multiple kicks and punches where thrown amid chaotic scenes , with a small number of Santos fans running onto the pitch to celebrate with their team , having clinched the title for the third time in the club 's history . Police stepped in to separate the two squads , with players from both sides also attempting to make the peace .	Santos have won the Copa Libertadores after a 2-1 over Uruguay 's Penarol Goals from striker Neymar and midfielder gave Santos victory , despite late own-goal It 's the first time Santos have won the competition since the days of Pele in 1963
Tulsa , Oklahoma  CNN  -- They 'd gone to W. Scott Harrington 's dentist office in a Tulsa , Oklahoma , suburb to have a wisdom tooth pulled or perhaps have their jaw realigned . On Saturday , scores of his patients were waiting to be checked once again -- this time not to replace missing teeth , say , but to find out whether they 'd been exposed to hepatitis or HIV . By 3 p.m. local time Saturday , one hour later than planned , some 420 people -- out of 7,000 of Harrington 's patients from the past six years who health authorities reached out to -- had been screened for hepatitis B , hepatitis C and HIV at the Tulsa Health Department . They came after investigators discovered unsanitary , unprofessional conditions at Harrington 's office in Owasso , 14 miles northeast of Tulsa , that one official said created a "  perfect storm " for infections . Within two weeks , those tested Saturday  and when the screenings resume starting Monday  should get the results back -- all because they 'd gone to see an oral surgeon with 35 years of experience . "  How do you say you 're sorry to 7,000 people that you could possibly have infected ? " said Melissa Wood , whose daughter -- a patient of Harrington 's -- spent part of her 18th birthday getting tested . Harrington , 64 , surrendered his dental license on March 20 after health investigators found sterilization , staffing and other infractions . "  I will tell you that when ... we left , we were just physically kind of sick , " Susan Rogers , executive director of the Oklahoma Board of Dentistry , said earlier this week . "  That 's how bad it was , and I 've seen a lot of bad stuff over the years . " The dentistry board launched its probe after one of Harrington 's patients came down with hepatitis C . That patient originally tested positive for HIV , too , but a subsequent test came back negative , the Tulsa Health Department said . While other states conduct random inspections of dentist offices with some regularity , Rogers told the Tulsa World newspaper that dentists ' offices in Oklahoma are inspected only after a complaint is filed . 5 things to check at the dentist 's office Investigators raised a number of sterilization and "  cross-contamination " alarms -- such as "  unauthorized , unlicensed " employees using IVs to sedate patients and that needles were n't handled properly . The outward cleanliness of the office belied the mess elsewhere , Rogers said , noting that "  just basic universal precautions for blood-borne pathogens " were n't followed . Besides being "  unlocked and unattended , " the drug cabinet was rife with issues -- containing , for example , a drug that expired in 1993 -- according to the official complaint filed before the state dental board . Other records showed that morphine had been used in patients throughout 2012 , even though the dentist had not received a morphine delivery since 2009 . Harrington and his attorney have not returned multiple calls from CNN . And the oral surgeon was n't home when a CNN crew went there on Saturday . "  He seems highly competent to me , just a smart guy , " said Frank Dale , one of Harrington 's neighbors . "  I was just shocked when I heard it . And I feel badly for him . I feel badly for his patients . " A teenage patient , who asked not to be named , told CNN he had a bad experience at Harrington 's office a year ago . During a surgery to remove three molars , he awoke momentarily to see profuse bleeding . He said he became alarmed but was told to "  shut up " and hold gauze in place . When he awoke a second time , he was tied up on the floor . Harrington 's staff explained that he had been "  combative " during the operation , he said . Dentist 's office a ` perfect storm ' for HIV , hepatitis exposure "  I felt when I got out of there and went through all I went through , I felt they did n't know much of what they were doing at all , " he said . Wood 's teenage daughter , Marissa , said she finds it "  horrifying " that her June 2011 visit to get her wisdom teeth extracted may have put her at risk for HIV or hepatitis . She remembered thinking of Harrington as a "  really nice guy " -- but that was then . "  I 'm angry , " she said . "  I feel like he 's ... let us down . I feel like he 's let a lot of people down . " The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention provides national guidelines for dental offices to help prevent the spread of infections . They include cleaning and sterilizing all nondisposable items such as dental tools between patients , disinfecting surfaces and requiring staff members to wear protective masks , gloves and eye wear . Since 1991 , only three cases of dental infection in patients have been documented -- two with hepatitis B and one with HIV , according to the CDC . No cases of hepatitis C have been reported . "  This is exceedingly rare , " said Dr. Matt Messina , a consumer adviser and spokesman for the American Dental Association , of the allegations levied against Harrington . "  I 'm just angry , because this is a case , I think , so far outside of the bounds of normal that it makes it remarkable . " The infection risks are compounded given that Harrington told investigators he had a higher-than-normal population proportionally of HIV and hepatitis patients , Rogers said . HIV is a condition that over time destroys a body 's immune system , thus its ability to fight infections . If not treated , nearly all those infected with HIV will develop AIDS , according to the National Institutes of Health . Hepatitis -- the most common types being hepatitis A , B and C -- refers to inflammation or viral infections of one 's liver . Some 4.4 million Americans have chronic hepatitis , though most of them do n't know it , the CDC says . Oklahoma dentist let unlicensed staffers give IVs , state official says CNN 's Greg Botelho and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : 420 people are tested for hepatitis B , hepatitis C and HIV , health department says Scores of W. Scott Harrington 's patients undergo tests at a Tulsa government building 7,000 patients of his patients were warned that they might have been exposed An investigation found unsanitary conditions and "  cross-contamination " issues
CNN  I did not know Kayla Mueller , the American aid worker and ISIS hostage whose death was confirmed by her family this week . But like many people who read her letter to her family , I wish I had . And in some ways I feel I have . In my two decades working in the humanitarian field responding to conflict , I have met some incredibly brave individuals who poured themselves into the work they did to build up the societies in which they were working . But at the same time , I have watched our ability to enter into places of need begin to disappear . One by one I have seen cities I love crumble . Daily life becomes intolerable . But the most painful thing has been watching our physical space and mobile access to do humanitarian and conflict mitigation shrink . Long gone are the days when the Red Cross , a press badge or the U.N. flag were perceived as neutral . The targeting of aid workers is not new . And it is not limited to the Middle East or ISIS strongholds -- it first came to international attention in Somalia in the late 1990s , and became of true global note in the early 2000s in Iraq and Afghanistan as the blurred lines between civilian , military , aid workers , journalists , security actors and intelligence created a justification for extremist and terror groups to pursue anyone . In other words , we can not find our way in . When we do , we are seen as one of the aggressors or potential spies . We are seen as a commodity to embarrass Western countries by exploiting the media to shape public opinion . We are , in short , targets . Despite growing attention over the problem , little has been done to change this reality . Instead , the response has been that the decades-long practice of civil society groups not having weapons on their premises or traveling in armored vehicles was reversed . More and more , civilian and military cooperation has been the only way to enter conflict zones , and security is now a necessary component to most organizations ' budgets . I do not know an aid worker , a war reporter or a conflict mediator who has not lost a friend in the past decade . Mueller 's death reminds many of us of those selfless individuals we 've encountered who worked , and were killed , while carrying out their humanitarian missions . I often remember my dear friend Margaret Hassan , a woman I worked closely with in Baghdad in 2003 , who was kidnapped and killed in 2004 . When I remember Fern Holland and Salwa Oumashi , dear friends of mine who shared my passion for women 's rights in the southern governorates of Iraq , I do n't remember the gunmen that killed them . When I think of Fern and Salwa , I remember women who were so courageous that they took on the Sadrists to create women 's centers in southern Iraq . And I remember Marla Ruzicka , who traveled in and out of Afghanistan and Iraq to advocate for innocent victims of conflict . As I meet with the families of those who have been lost , I also experience a deep sadness , and survivor 's guilt that I should have done more , too . When I spoke with Fern Holland 's sister after she was brutally killed in Iraq , I was sure she would have anger in her heart and be seeking to have someone to blame . I could not have been further from the truth . Instead , she had lots of questions , all centered on wanting to support and know the women Fern believed so passionately in . Kayla Mueller lived my worst fear . Over and over , from Afghanistan to Iraq to Libya , my colleagues and I have agreed that death was far better than being kidnapped . We 've even discussed how we might get cyanide pills . We were ready to sacrifice our lives . Yet it was unbearable to think of making a choice that would affect our loved ones . Those who work in conflict know very well what other people call us . Some call us emergency junkies . Some say we are ambulance chasers . Some say we have such meaningless lives , that we seek meaning through this work . We have savior complexes . Perhaps there is truth in these labels . But the one thing I have in common with all my friends who work in conflict areas is idealism . We believe in the power of one individual to make change . I did not know Kayla . I do not know her family . But I hope that her family is hearing the same message I shared with Fern Holland 's sister . With the friends and family of Marla Ruzicka and Margaret Hassan . I hope they know beyond a shadow of a doubt she was loved by the people she served . That in addition to the entire global community , the vast majority of Palestinians and Syrians are mourning her death as one of their own . Most importantly , I hope the world knows none of those labels I mentioned describe her . She was not a naive idealist . She was part of a greater change and a rise in collective consciousness that will eventually lead to a global shift toward a better world . She will be remembered by those to which she fought to give a voice . She is an inspiration for many of us to continue our work -- to fight for access and demand for humanitarian space and conflict resolution . She is a true heroine .	American aid worker and ISIS hostage Kayla Mueller was reported killed Manal Omar : The targeting of aid workers is not new
CNN  -- Argentina booked their place in the second round of the World Cup after a 2-0 win over Greece and were joined by South Korea , who secured their berth with a thrilling 2-2 draw against Nigeria . Late goals from Martin Demichelis and Martin Palermo maintained Argentina 's 100 % record as they booked a last 16 knockout match with fellow Latin American side Mexico . Nigeria and South Korea battled it out for second spot in the group in a game that swung one way and then the other in Durban . Nigeria took an early lead through Kalu Uche but Lee Jung-Soo equalized . Park Chu-Young then put South Korea ahead before Yakubu leveled from the penalty spot . Nigeria poured forward in search of the goal that would have put them through at the expense of their opponents but they could n't find a winner . South Korea will now play Uruguay in the second round . Argentina 2-0 Greece Argentina coach Diego Maradona rested strikers Gonzalo Higuain and Carlos Tevez as Diego Milito and Sergio Aguero came into the starting line-up . Greece adopted their familiar defensive approach but they struggled to contain a potent Argentina side in the opening half . Maradona 's side came close to opening the scoring when Sergio Aguero powered into the area , but the Atletico Madrid striker 's effort was parried by Greece ` keeper Alexandros Tzorvas . Seconds later Juan Sebastian Veron stang the goalkeeper 's palms with a fierce drive from distance . Tzorvas was grateful to defender Vasilis Torosidis in the 32nd minute as he blocked a goal bound Aguero shot after the ` keeper had spilled Diego Milito 's cross . The goalkeeper was busy again soon after with a double save -- first from Maxi Rodriguez 's shot , then from Lionel Messi 's curling effort . Greece 's first chance of the game came just after the break when Georgios Samaras worked his way into the area before firing wide of the target . But despite needing more than a point to go through due to the score in the Nigeria versus South Korea game , Greece continued to sit back . They paid the price in the 77th minute when defender Martn Demichelis smashed home a loose ball in the penalty area . Messi nearly made it two in the closing stages as he jinked into the area before rifling a shot against the post . Veteran striker Martin Palermo , on as a substitute , then made the game safe when he slotted home a rebound after Messi 's shot had been saved . Nigeria 1-0 South Korea Nigeria and South Korea met in Durban knowing that a win for either side would more than likely secure their passage into the next round . In the 17th minute Nigeria took the lead as Chidi Odiah 's right wing cross was turned home by Kalu Uche . Midfielder Chinedu Ogbuke very nearly doubled Nigeria 's advantage with a powerful shot from distance but the ball flew the wrong side of the upright . Kalu Uche went close soon after when his thunderous 30-yard drive cannoned back off the post with the ` keeper beaten . But in the 38th minute South Korea equalized when Lee Jung-Soo met Ki Sung-Yuen 's free-kick at the back post , to volley into the net . The whole complexion of the group changed in the 49th minute when Park Chu-Young 's curling free-kick wrong footed ` keeper Vincent Enyeama and nestled just inside the post . Yakubu then spurned a glorious chance to draw Nigeria level , missing the target from just six yards out . But moments later he redeemed himself , scoring from the penalty spot after Kim Nam-Il fouled Ogbuke . Argentina 's late strikes meant Nigeria just needed a goal to qualify at South Korea 's expense and they went in desperate search of it . Substitute Obafemi Martins nearly grabbed it when he went clean through but his chip past the ` keeper dropped agonizingly wide of the post .	Argentina beat Greece 2-0 to finish top of World Cup Group B South Korea qualify as runners-up after drawing 2-2 with Nigeria Argentina will now face Mexico in the last 16 South Korea will play Uruguay
New York  CNN  -- Sunday 's graduation ceremony at Hofstra University was a bittersweet affair marked by a moment of silence for a 21-year-old student killed by a police officer two days ago . Many students at the university in East Garden City , New York , wore white ribbons on their gowns in tribute to Andrea Rebello , CNN affliate WCBS reported . "  I want to express our community 's collective grief and our sorrow over the senseless and tragic death of a very young member of the Hofstra family , " university President Stuart Rabinowitz said . "  Our hearts and our thoughts and our prayers are with Andrea 's family , and with her friends and classmates , many of whom are in this room this afternoon . " She was killed by police gunfire during a confrontation between a home invasion suspect and authorities Friday night , a police spokeswoman said Saturday . An officer fired eight shots at the intruder , who authorities say was holding a gun to Rebello 's head during a home invasion robbery at an off-campus house in Uniondale . One shot hit Rebello in the head , Maureen Roach , a spokeswoman with the Nassau County police , said . The intruder , whom authorities identified as Dalton Smith , 30 , of Hempstead , was struck seven times and died . Smith invaded the home Rebello shared with her twin sister and two others during the predawn hours on Friday . At some point , a female roommate of the twins was able to leave the home and call police , a police spokesman told CNN on Friday . When a police officer arrived , Smith told the officer he was going to kill Rebello . He turned the handgun toward the officer , she said . The officer , fearing for his life , drew his gun and fired , Roach said . Authorities have not identified the officer . At the time of the shooting , Smith was wanted for jumping parole , police said . He was on parole for first-degree robbery and had an "  extensive " arrest history that includes robbery , assault , and promoting prison contraband , said police in Nassau County . A warrant for his arrest was issued April 25 for allegedly absconding from parole , police said Rebello 's high school principal , Carol Conklin-Spillane , said the twins ' home community in Westchester was heartbroken . She described Rebello as a fun-loving , personable and self-aware young woman . Her parents , Fernando and Nella Rebello , are closely tied to the Portuguese community , and always worked to create opportunities for their children , Conklin-Spillane said . Rebello , a junior , was majoring in public relations . At Sunday 's graduation ceremony , Rabinowitz recalled a Bob Marley quote that Rebello found inspiring : "  Live the life you love and love the life you live . " Hofstra University said it is offering counseling to students . A funeral Mass is planned for Wednesday . Friendly fire led to officer 's shooting during Boston manhunt Police : All Empire State Shooting victims were wounded by officers CNN 's Michael Martinez , Brittany Brady and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Students wear white ribbons at Hofstra 's graduation Student Andrea Rebello was killed by police gunfire , police say New York home invasion suspect killed in shootout was Dalton Smith , 30 He was on parole for first-degree robbery , Nassau County police say
WESTERN DESERT , Iraq  CNN  -- The hot wind swirls around the human bones and cracked skulls that litter the forsaken desert lands in Western Iraq . The entrance to the bunker complex where al Qaeda terrorized enemies in Iraq . We are standing in the middle of what was an al Qaeda execution site , just outside an intricate bunker complex that the organization used to torture and murder its victims , the bodies left to rot or be eaten by animals . From the back of the police truck the opening to the first bunker is barely discernible in the distance . "  Al Qaeda came in as a massive force " one of the officers says as we bump along the harsh terrain . "  They stole our cars , our personal cars . They kidnapped two of my brothers . They blew up the house over there . " In the distance we can see his village -- a set of sand colored homes surrounded by parched farmlands . As we approach grubby children chase the truck and then stand to the side , despondent , as the officer points to their home . "  Their father was killed by al Qaeda , " he says . In 2007 the U.S. military launched a series of airstrikes that drove out al Qaeda . As we enter the first bunker Captain Khaled Bandar tells us they found the floor littered with bodies . A gaping hole is evidence of the U.S. firepower . Insurgents used the layered and intricate labyrinth of passageways and hatches to carry out summary trials and executions . The police show us clothing and shoes , saying they are leaving them in place in case the families of the victims decide to come back . The stench of decay still lingers . Al Qaeda has been on the defensive in recent years , notwithstanding spectacular attacks attributed to the group like last week 's blasts in the capital , including suicide truck bomb attacks on the ministries of foreign affairs and finance . At least 100 people were killed and more than 500 wounded . But the concerted security campaign against the group has forced it to change its structure and strategy . According to one man who has close connections to al Qaeda in Iraq and asked not to be identified , the group lost support because it lost the protection of the people . "  There is an old saying about the basics of war . Whoever wins the people wins the war . So when al Qaeda did n't win the people over , it lost its battles , " he explains . "  Al Qaeda 's strategy of taking control of areas has been abandoned for now . Their method is propaganda , instilling fear , terrorizing . " He adds that the group stopped recruiting over the last six months because of a shortage in funding and increased infiltration . "  Al Qaeda is moving towards selecting the elite and condensing its forces rather than expanding . The Americans nearly defeated al Qaeda by cornering it and reducing its operations , " he says . But those operations are still deadly , and the war is by no means over . "  No , the war is not over in Iraq , a type of battle is over , but there are new battles cloaked in politics . Now politicians try to pay militias , al Qaeda , or armed factions ... in order to eliminate political foes , " the man with knowledge of al Qaeda says . And al Qaeda is still able to send a message to those who dare oppose them . The police officers show us blood stains in the desert near the bunkers and tell us how they found two beheaded bodies just a month ago . They were identified as being the brothers of two police officers from another city , Ramadi . Meanwhile , al Qaeda 's global war has sifted to a place it believes it can still win -- Afghanistan . "  Al Qaeda in Afghanistan is made up of true believers , those who believe in jihad and fighting , and that 's why they joined , " the man with connections says . "  As for most of al Qaeda in Iraq 's members , they are just looking to benefit themselves , or they join out of resentment for a certain sect or to avenge their families . " As for Iraq 's longterm stability , that very much still hangs in the balance . He says : "  Peace will not be achieved by a magic wand or the rhetoric of a politician . Peace will be accomplished through the will of the Iraqi youth . We have to wait for this generation to change ... so that a generation that hates  the violence  will emerge . " Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Abandoned al Qaeda in Iraq bunker base littered with bones of its enemies U.S. bombed bunkers in 2007 but stench of decay remains in desert base Source close to al Qaeda says it lost in Iraq as it lost support of the people He says al Qaeda 's focus is now Afghanistan
CNN  -- People traveling early for Christmas in the center of the country will be dashing through the snow and the rain and the wind . The first major storm of the season has prompted the National Weather Service to issue a blizzard warning for a huge swath of the Midwest stretching from eastern Colorado to Wisconsin 's Lake Michigan shoreline , including virtually all of Iowa . The declaration warns of snow accumulations of up to 12 inches , complemented by 25 - to 35-mph winds that will occasionally gust to 45 to 50 mph . A 156-mile stretch of Interstate Highway 70 between Denver and the Kansas state line was closed in both directions for a time Wednesday . The westbound side reopened about 7 p.m. MT , but the eastbound lanes remained closed . Cheyenne Wells , in east-central Colorado , reported a 67-mph wind gust with zero visibility just after 2 p.m. MT , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . U.S. Highway 385 was closed for 65 miles in the Cheyenne Wells region , Colorado 's Department of Transportation reported . "  Most of the storm is on its way out across the state , except for the Eastern Plains , where there are still high winds , blizzard conditions , and highway closures , " the department 's Facebook page said . "  Whiteout conditions are likely and travel could become impossible " Wednesday night and into Thursday , the service 's Omaha , Nebraska , office warned . Is the storm hitting you ? Send images to iReport "  Far southeast Nebraska and extreme southwest Iowa could see rain or a wintry mix for several hours yet this evening , so blizzard conditions may not develop over that area until mid-evening or later , " the service said . Airlines were reporting relatively few cancellations or delays in areas affected by the storm Wednesday night , but that could change overnight . The storm will race into western Illinois , the weather service said . Rain will quickly change over to snow as the storm advances northeast , with the heaviest snow occurring overnight . "  Snow drifts several feet deep will be possible given the strong winds , " the blizzard warning states . At least 17 people were sent to hospitals near Lubbock , Texas , after a 23-vehicle chain-reaction crash on Interstate Highway 27 north of New Deal , Texas , state safety officials told CNN . There was at least one fatality , said Clinton Thetford , emergency management coordinator of Lubbock County . A stretch of the freeway in Lubbock County remains closed indefinitely . Wrapping around the blizzard warning on the north , south and east is a winter storm warning , which will be no picnic either . The winds wo n't be quite as strong , but residents should expect a strong dose of rain , sleet and snow , with a few hail-packing thunderstorms thrown in for good measure . A winter weather advisory is in effect for the Indiana-Ohio-Michigan tri-state area , as well as central Missouri and Kansas . The "  intense cyclone " will crawl across the Great Lakes region Thursday and slog into northern New England by Friday evening , the National Weather Service predicted . Dodging the heavy precipitation but not the high winds is an area from western Texas and eastern New Mexico through the Oklahoma Panhandle and into southwest Kansas . Much of the Southwest and Mississippi Valley is extremely dry , and the high winds have kicked up blinding dust near Lubbock , Texas . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : 156-mile stretch of freeway closed in Colorado 23-car pileup in Texas dust storm kills one , injures 17 Heavy snow , high winds stretch from Colorado to Wisconsin in season 's first blizzard Storm to crawl from Midwest to New England by Friday
CNN  -- Vacationers at Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks this summer should make extra efforts to wash their hands , the National Park Service urged Wednesday , after noting a spike in sicknesses among visitors so far . In a news release , the park service noted "  greater than normal reports of gastrointestinal illness " among those visiting the park in northwestern Wyoming as well as areas in Montana outside the two parks . That includes an incident June 7 , when members of a tour group visiting Mammoth Hot Springs -- a part of Yellowstone that 's located on the Montana/Wyoming border -- began complaining of stomach and other issues . Park employees who had been in contact with this group reported similar symptoms within 48 hours . Subsequent tests indicated that they were suffering from norovirus , which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes is "  a very contagious virus that  can be contracted  from an infected person , contaminated food or water or by touching contaminated surfaces . " In addition to visitors , there have been more than 100 suspected cases of norovirus among Yellowstone employees and another 50 suspected cases among Grand Teton workers , the National Park Service said in a press release . The park service and businesses servicing visitors are taking special steps given the surge in illness , including more frequent cleaning and disinfection of public areas . As part of these measures , park employees showing signs of infection must be symptom-free for 72 hours before returning to work . News of the spate of norovirus cases spurred a wide range of comments on Yellowstone 's Facebook page , including some offering appreciation for the update and others expressing concern to hear of the illness before their planned trip to the park . One woman said she was among the visitors who got sick around June 7 , calling it "  the worst pain I have ever had . " "  I 'm going this weekend and will be washing my hands like crazy , not to mention using disinfecting wipes after leaving public areas , " another woman wrote . "  This sounds like a quick way to ruin a trip hope everyone is ok ! " This is n't the first time that illnesses have plagued national parks out west . Last summer , at least eight visitors to Yosemite National Park contracted hantavirus pulmonary syndrome . Three of them died . Another Yosemite camper dies in hantavirus outbreak Officials at that park , which receives about 4 million visitors a year , reached out to all people who stayed between mid-June and the end of August at the "  signature tent cabins " that quickly became the epicenter of the investigation . Rare but serious , hantavirus pulmonary syndrome has symptoms that mimic a cold or the flu and can be spread through contact with the urine , droppings or saliva of infected rodents , primarily deer mice . This year , national parks are saddled with another problem : $ 113 million in budget cuts tied to the federal government "  sequester . " But there 's been no indication lower funding will have any impact on how officials from Yosemite and Grand Teton parks tackle the rise in norovirus cases .	NEW : Some commenters on Yellowstone 's Facebook are concerned ; others are thankful The National Park Service notes "  greater than normal reports of gastrointestinal illness " They have occurred in Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks and other areas A group visiting Mammoth Hot Springs showed symptoms this month
CNN  -- A man suspected of flying with tuberculosis tested negative for the disease , according to Maricopa County health officials , meaning there was never a risk to other passengers on his flight . The man was held in Phoenix from Saturday until Monday night , when he was released from the hospital . He is free to travel as he is no longer on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's "  Do Not Board " list , health officials said . Passengers aboard US Airways Flight 2846 were waiting on the tarmac at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor Airport on Friday when their pilot came on the intercom . "  We 've been notified about a health emergency aboard the aircraft , " passenger Dean Davidson heard . A few minutes later , Davidson saw a flight attendant walk toward another passenger sitting a few rows ahead of him . The flight attendant handed the slender middle-aged man a medical mask . Emergency personnel boarded the plane a short time later and removed the man , Davidson said . A firefighter then came on the intercom and announced that the passenger had active tuberculosis and was contagious and that other passengers on the flight had been exposed . He advised them to contact their physicians immediately , Davidson said . The Phoenix Fire Department was operating under the assumption that the CDC only puts a passenger on its "  Do Not Board " list if the passenger has a confirmed infectious disease , said Dr. John Gallagher , the fire department 's chief medical officer . Gallagher and battalion chief John Mure instructed Captain Ron Horne on what to say to passengers aboard the plane . Arizona health officials did not recommend passengers on Flight 2846 seek medical care because even if the passenger had tuberculosis , their risk of being infected was "  very , very low , " said Dr. Rebecca Sunshine , disease control director for Maricopa County Public Health . "  To put this in perspective ... We 're much more concerned that the passengers on this flight contracted influenza than that they contracted TB , " she said Monday . The US Airways flight took off from Austin , Texas , according to airline spokesman Bill McGlashen . It landed in Phoenix approximately two hours later on a layover before it was scheduled to fly to Los Angeles . There was no warning or flag on the passenger 's record when he was going through security or when he boarded the plane , McGlashen said . After the plane took off , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notified the Transportation Security Administration of a possible risk . The TSA then notified US Airways , McGlashen said . Fast facts about tuberculosis Tuberculosis is caused by a bacterium called Mycobacterium tuberculosis , which mainly affects the lungs . It can also infect other parts of the body including the kidneys , spine and brain . There are two types of TB : latent TB infection , which is not contagious , and TB disease , which is contagious . A person infected with latent TB shows no sign of symptoms and may not feel sick . Someone with TB disease usually feels ill ; they may be coughing up blood and may have a fever , night sweats and/or chest pain . TB spreads through the air when a person with an active TB infection coughs , sneezes or speaks . Germs can stay in the air for hours . People who contract TB must take several medications for six to nine months to combat the infection , according to the CDC . Some varieties of the TB bacterium have developed a resistance to common antibiotics and may be more difficult to treat . People with weakened immune systems , such as those with HIV , are particularly susceptible to the disease . The number of TB cases in the United States has been declining since 1992 , according to the CDC . In 2010 , the most recent CDC data available , there were 569 deaths from TB . In January 2010 , a person infected with an active case of tuberculosis flew from Philadelphia to San Francisco on US Airways despite being on the CDC 's "  Do Not Board " list , which is different from the TSA 's "  No Fly " list . The Do Not Board list was created in 2007 after Atlanta lawyer Andrew Speaker traveled abroad with a drug-resistant case of tuberculosis , setting off an international health scare . Speaker insisted that he had not been told he was contagious ; public health officials disagreed . The CDC manages the Do Not Board list in coordination with the Department of Homeland Security . The list is authorized under the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001 , according to the CDC . Local and state health officials can contact the CDC to request that someone be placed on the list . "  To include someone on the list , CDC must determine that the person 1  likely is contagious with a communicable disease that would constitute a serious public health threat should the person be permitted to board a flight ; 2  is unaware of or likely to be nonadherent with public health recommendations , including treatment ; and 3  likely will attempt to board a commercial aircraft , " the CDC website states . "  Once a person is placed on the list , airlines are instructed not to issue a boarding pass to the person for any commercial domestic flight or for any commercial international flight arriving in or departing from the United States . " The Do Not Board list does not apply to other methods of transportation . The CDC reviews the records of every person on the list every two weeks to see whether they are eligible to fly again . In general , airline passengers are not legally obligated to tell an airline when they are sick , said Jeff Ment , an attorney who specializes in travel law . Unlike cruise lines , which require you to disclose illnesses leading up to the cruise , he said , airlines do not include any language in the ticket purchasing process that would prevent you from traveling . "  If you have some disease and its contagious , where 's the threshold ? " he asked . "  If you have the flu ? If you have a really bad cold ? I think that once you establish some rule that there has to be notification , it becomes a slippery slope . " As a "  common carrier , " Ment said , airlines are legally required to do as much as possible to ensure the safety of their passengers . If a passenger appears too ill to survive the flight without medical assistance , an airline could prevent him from flying , he said . Or if the airline knew that a passenger had a contagious disease , employees could require her to wear a mask during the flight to prevent germs from spreading . In this kind of situation , any legal troubles would more likely stem from a civil lawsuit . After the 2007 incident , Speaker was sued by eight of his fellow passengers in a Canadian court . Ment said plaintiffs would have to show that the infected passenger knew that he had the disease and was extremely careless around his fellow travelers . "  The line is crossed when the person knows they 're sick and intentionally tries to do something  to infect others  or acts with callous disregard for your well-being , " Ment said . CNN 's Jacque Wilson , Chuck Johnston , Matt Sloane , Casey Wian and Miriam Falco contributed to this story .	NEW : Passenger pulled from US Airways Flight 2846 has tested negative for TB Health officials are not recommending other passengers seek medical care Man was removed in Phoenix after CDC added him to Do Not Board list
CNN  -- Torrential rains and flooding since June have affected 600,000 people in 16 West African nations , the United Nations reported Tuesday . People walk in the flooded streets of Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso , last week . The worst hit have been Burkina Faso , Senegal , Ghana and Niger , said Yvon Edoumou , a spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , or OCHA , in the Senegalese capital , Dakar . So far , 159 people have died , he said . Sierra Leone has also been hard hit , according to the U.N. Edoumou said removing water from flooded areas is a top priority , but powerful pumps are in short supply . "  Some people refused to leave their homes so they are living in floodwaters , " he said . The United Nations has not yet received reports of waterborne diseases , but Edoumou said a real threat exists of diarrhea or , worse , cholera . The U.N. World Food Programme said Tuesday it has begun distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims . WFP has set a goal of feeding 177,500 people , mainly in Ouagadougou , the capital of Burkina Faso , where 150,000 people have been affected and key infrastructure -- including a central hospital , schools , bridges and roads -- has been damaged . The flooding in Burkina Faso is the worst in 90 years , WFP said . Many of those in Ouagadougou most needing help were already receiving aid from WFP , but those rations were lost in the floodwaters , the U.N. reported . "  It is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods like these as their few remaining assets are swept away , leaving them hungry and destitute , " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said . Roads and buildings have been ruined from Mauritania to Niger , the U.N. reported . In Agadez , Niger , a town about 458 miles  738 km  north of the capital , Niamey , close to 988 acres  400 hectares  of vegetable crops and hundreds of livestock were washed away . Herve Ludovic de Lys , head of OCHA in West Africa , said natural disasters have a lasting effect that unravels years of progress against poverty . "  The situation is very worrying , " he said in an OCHA statement issued Tuesday . The rainy season in West Africa begins in June and continues through late September . In 2007 , 300 people died and 800,000 were affected by the storms . This year , fears abound that more heavy rain will fall in already waterlogged areas . Despite the misery , Edoumou said the rains are a mixed blessing for countries dependent on agriculture . The harvest this year will be more bountiful , he said .	U.N. begins distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims U.N. says 159 have died due to flooding ; key infrastructure damaged Waterborne diseases like cholera are a concern , U.N. official says "  It is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods , " official says
CNN  -- A former Ford Motor Co. employee pled guilty on Wednesday to two counts of theft of trade secrets , handing them over to a Chinese competitor . Federal prosecutors in a U.S. District Court in Detroit , Michigan , say Xiang Dong Yu -- a 49 year-old former product engineer at Ford -- used his company access to steal trade secrets . Yu admitted to copying 4,000 internal company documents -- including sensitive Ford design plans -- prior to his departure from Ford , according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's office for Michigan 's Eastern District . He then went to his new employer 's office -- Beijing Automotive Co. -- in Shenzhen , China , bringing the stolen trade secrets with him , the statement said . Yu returned to the United States in October 2009 , it said , where he was arrested by FBI agents who searched his computer and discovered 41 Ford design specification documents . Under a plea agreement , Yu faces at least five years in a U.S. prison and fines of up to $ 150,000 , the statement said . "  We will vigilantly protect the intellectual property of our U.S. automakers , who invest millions of dollars and decades of time in research and development to compete in a global economy , " U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade said in the statement . "  Those who do not play by the rules will be brought to justice . " Yu 's defense attorney David DuMouchel declined to comment . Yu is currently in federal custody and will face sentencing early next year .	Former Ford employee pled guilty to two counts of theft of trade secrets Xiang Dong Yu faces at least five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 150,000 Prosecutors say Yu gave Ford design specs , other secrets to a Chinese competitor Yu admitted copying 4,000 Ford documents , taking them to Beijing Automotive Co. .
CNN  -- There has been no change in NBA players ' position in the face of an ultimatum from the owners as the two sides try to reach a collective bargaining agreement , the president of the players ' association said Tuesday . "  There is n't any player that wants us to take a bad deal , " Derek Fisher said . The league on Sunday gave the players ' association until Wednesday afternoon to accept a deal after eight hours of meetings over the weekend . Fisher said Sunday that the offer was not acceptable , and he reiterated Tuesday that the players ' association is holding firm . "  That does n't mean we wo n't continue to negotiate , " Fisher said at a news conference after a meeting of players representing all but one of the NBA 's teams . NBA Commissioner David Stern has said the newest proposal gives players between 49 % and 51 % of revenues . If the players ' association does not change its mind by Wednesday , the NBA will offer up another proposal -- one that offers players 47 % of basketball revenues . The current proposal says that if the league exceeds certain revenue forecasts , the players would receive 51 % . If it did n't , the share would fall to 49 % . But Fisher said Sunday that "  there 'd be no way in the world we 'd ever get to 51 % " under the provisions . The players ' association 's executive director , Billy Hunter , told CNN sister network TBS that Tuesday 's meeting was intended to spell out the details of the owners ' proposal , which they were "  misunderstanding " based on media reports that focused on the revenue sharing offer . Once they heard the details of the proposal , he said , "  they were all horrified by it . " He said it would "  decimate " gains made by players in recent years . Hunter said he is likely to meet with Stern before the owners ' deadline Wednesday to see if there was any movement in their position . Fisher , during the news conference , said the players are confident an agreement giving players a better deal would still be possible despite the owners ' ultimatum . The NBA season has been canceled through at least November 30 , and the two sides are hoping they can reach a resolution before more games are called off . Stern has said the 2010-2011 season was not profitable for most of the league 's 30 owners , who want cost-cutting help from players . The league lost as much as $ 300 million last season , according to Stern . One of the battles has focused on the owners ' rejection of calls by the players ' union for an average $ 7 million player salary in the sixth year of a new labor deal . The current average salary is about $ 5 million . Other big issues include a fight over a move by owners to gain the bigger share of revenues and whether the NBA will strengthen its salary cap . The league 's owners began a lockout of players in early July .	"  There is n't any player that wants us to take a bad deal , " NBA players president Derek Fisher says Tuesday 's meeting was to explain the owners ' latest offer to player representatives The owners have given players a Wednesday deadline to accept the offer
CNN  -- Two brothers previously jailed for cannibalism and then released , have been arrested again after police discovered a child 's severed head at their home in a remote village in northwest Pakistan . Mohammed Arif Ali was arrested early Monday after neighbors alerted police to a "  foul smell " coming from his house in the village of Kahawar Khan in the Bhakkar district of Punjab , district police chief Ameer Abdullah Khan told CNN Tuesday . When they went to investigate , they discovered the decapitated head of an infant next to a burning stove . The head , which is now being examined at a hospital in the nearby village of Darya Khan , looked to be around five days old , Abdullah said Arif Ali was arrested at the scene , while his brother , Mohammed Farman Ali , was apprehended by police hours later on the outskirts of their village . Police said both men confessed to eating human flesh . The brothers were released from prison last year after serving a two-year jail term for similar offenses -- they admitted dismembering a woman 's body they had stolen from a graveyard in Darya Khan where they lived at the time . With no explicit law on cannibalism in Pakistan , the two men were convicted of desecrating a dead body and other public order offenses in a case that provoked widespread revulsion across Pakistan , according to CNN affiliate Geo TV . German policeman arrested in alleged cannibalism case Man who plotted to kill and eat children gets more than 26 years in prison	Mohammed Arif Ali and his brother jailed in 2011 for dismembering female corpse Brothers released two years later after completing their jail term Police arrest Arif Ali after neighbors complain about smell coming from his home
CNN  -- Carrie Johnson is representing the United States at the 2012 Olympics in pursuit of the gold medal in women 's kayaking . But while she battles for the gold , Johnson is fighting another battle : with Crohn 's disease , one of the two most common inflammatory bowel diseases , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In a recent SI.com interview , Johnson talked openly about her illness . One of the first things she did after being diagnosed in 2003 , she said , was "  take to the Internet and library to read about the disease . " She had to -- like many people , she had heard of Crohn 's disease but had little understanding of it . More than 1 million people currently suffer from Crohn 's disease , and thousands more are diagnosed each year . However , many suffer in silence , as the effects of Crohn 's are often not openly discussed . About seven of every 100,000 people in the United States are diagnosed , most of them between the ages of 15 and 30 , according to the Crohn 's and Colitis Foundation of America . There is no cure for the chronic condition . Crohn 's disease is named after Dr. Burrill Crohn who , along with two colleagues , recognized and documented the symptoms in 1932 . Those diagnosed with it include some well-known personalities such as former President Dwight D. Eisenhower ; Mike McCready , guitarist for Pearl Jam ; former Miss America Mary Ann Mobley ; and actress Shannen Doherty . Crohn 's disease is an autoimmune disease of the digestive tract that most often affects the small or large intestines , and sometimes both . According to the CDC , Crohn 's is "  a condition of chronic inflammation potentially involving any location of the gastrointestinal tract , but it frequently affects the end of the small bowel and the beginning of the large bowel . In Crohn 's disease , all layers of the intestine may be involved and there can be normal healthy bowel between patches of diseased bowel . " In a healthy body , the immune system creates an infection-fighting protein called tumor necrosis factor . When Crohn 's disease is present , TNF is produced in excess as the immune system mistakenly identifies healthy bacteria as a foreign presence . This causes the body to launch an attack and begin fighting the excess TNF , which leads to more inflammation , which results in more TNF . As this internal battle takes place , it causes severe pain , abdominal swelling , cramping , bleeding , diarrhea and deterioration of the affected portion of the intestinal tract . Dr. Dennis Choat , a board-certified colon and rectal surgeon with the Georgia Colon and Rectal Surgical Associates , is all too familiar with the effects of Crohn 's on patients . "  Crohn 's is a chronic , lifelong disease for which there is no cure , " he said . "  Because its cause is unknown , and because flare-ups happen without warning , those diagnosed with Crohn 's face a life of challenges and uncertainties . "  For some , treatment will bring about favorable results . For others , treatment will have little or no effect . Each patient is different , and treatment is a trial-and-error process . The only certainty is that it is a lifelong battle . " The cause of Crohn 's is not known , but the National Institutes of Health notes that it can run in families and have a genetic component . Unknown triggers can also be caused by the environment . Early treatments for Crohn 's disease primarily centered on steroid drugs such as prednisone , which relieved the inflammation but did little more . In recent years , there has been significant success in treating symptoms , and in some cases bringing about remission , with the use of newer anti-TNF drugs such as Remicade , Humira and Cimzia . However , they too have their own set of complications and side effects . The man who could n't eat A diagnosis of Crohn 's disease often brings more questions than answers , and patients can face a long list of ever-changing complications . In addition to pain , bleeding and bowel changes , they have difficulty absorbing nutrition and often deal with malnourishment , anemia and crippling fatigue . Left untreated , Crohn 's spreads throughout the intestinal tract , causing more severe symptoms and a bleaker prognosis . The disease itself is not classified as a terminal illness , but the complications that arise from it can sometimes be life-threatening . Crohn 's patients face another stark reality : In spite of their and their doctor 's best efforts , the disease can stop responding to medication . When that happens , surgery becomes a last resort . According to the Crohn 's and Colitis Foundation of America , about 70 % of Crohn 's sufferers eventually require surgery . About 30 % of patients who have surgery for Crohn 's disease experience a recurrence of their symptoms within three years , and up to 60 % will have a recurrence within 10 years . The two most common surgeries for Crohn 's disease are bowel resection surgery , which involves removal of the deteriorated portion of intestine , and fistula repair surgery . Fistulas can result from Crohn 's disease permeating the intestinal wall , leaving an opening or "  hole " in the intestinal tract . This is one of the most serious complications of Crohn 's . Developing infection during the healing process is not uncommon , and often leads to temporary ostomies and lengthy periods of intravenous feeding . Could I have inflammatory bowel disease ? Crohn 's will always bring about a change in the quality of life , but recent studies are painting a picture for a more hopeful future . Medical research funding is critical , and raising funds presents a challenge in the current economic environment . "  It 's not a matter of if we find cures ; it 's a matter of when , and that 's determined by available funding , " said Richard Geswell , president of the Crohn 's & Colitis Foundation of America . The foundation is the largest voluntary nonprofit health organization dedicated to finding cures for inflammatory bowel diseases , a classification that includes Crohn 's and colitis . It is one source of funding for studies across the country and has chapters nationwide . The foundation 's website allows patients to become part of online study groups by sharing their symptoms , progress and complications . This allows the patient to develop an understanding of his or her individual case , and allows the foundation to have access to more patient histories for use in its research . Living with Crohn 's disease : ` Today I will fight again '	More than 1 million people in the United States have Crohn 's Patients face ever-changing complications Those with Crohn 's include Olympian Carrie Johnson
CNN  -- A defiant Donald Sterling calls the NBA "  a band of hypocrites and bullies " in a written statement the longtime Los Angeles Clippers co-owner sent to the media through one of his lawyers . He also wrote that the NBA needs to examine its own "  discriminatory practices " rather than try to take away his personal property . "  We have to fight for the rights of all Americans . We have to fight these despicable monsters , " Sterling wrote in the statement , provided to CNN by Bobby Samini . In Sterling 's 420-plus word statement , he says the NBA has been able to "  exact its reign of terror " through revenues from the fans . He slams new Commissioner Adam Silver , who has worked for the league since 1992 but took over the top spot in February . Sterling said Silver is "  focusing his energy on violating my rights , attempting to take my property , and signing autographs for TMZ . " Talking to ABC about the Sterling accusation at the halftime of an NBA finals game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Miami Heat , Silver said he had "  no idea what he 's talking about . " "  This is about Donald Sterling and his conduct , " the commissioner said . "  And if he wants to litigate , he 'll litigate . " Sterling said the NBA has been sued many times for discrimination . He said Silver and the NBA need to look at their own conduct and the conduct of the other 29 owners in the league and they are centering their attention on him to "  draw attention away from their own discriminatory and repulsive conduct . " The statement comes as a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN that Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly Sterling , intends to ask a California probate court on Wednesday morning to "  verify her standing " as the head of the family trust and rule that she had the right to sell the Clippers . Referring to this apparent disagreement between the Sterlings about what to do with the Clippers , Adam Silver said the NBA is planning to step back and let the situation play itself out . "  This is really now a dispute between the Sterlings , " he told ABC . "  So we 're on the sidelines . " Shelly Sterling announced May 30 that she had reached an agreement to sell the franchise that her husband bought in 1981 to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for a record $ 2 billion . Technically , a family trust owns the Clippers . Last month , two sources with detailed knowledge of the situation told CNN that two neurologists have deemed Donald Sterling to be mentally incapacitated . According to one of the sources , there is a provision in the Sterling family trust that says if either Donald Sterling or Shelly Sterling become mentally incapacitated , then the other becomes the sole trustee . Donald Sterling is mentally sound , another lawyer , Maxwell Blecher , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  It strikes me as totally incredible to argue that this man -- I talk to him every day -- is incapable of making decisions and is mentally incompetent , " Blecher said on Tuesday afternoon . "  And I do n't believe any court is going to make a finding to the contrary . " Donald Sterling initially vowed to fight the sale and filed a lawsuit against the NBA , then said he was going along with the sale -- until Monday , when he again pulled his support . "  From the onset , I did not want to sell the Los Angeles Clippers . I have worked for 33 years to build the team , " Donald Sterling said . Sterling , 80 , has been embroiled in controversy since a recording of a conversation with his friend V. Stiviano surfaced . The recording included a series of racist comments . The comments , first posted on TMZ , sparked outrage among NBA players , executives and fans . The commissioner fined Sterling $ 2.5 million and banned him for life from the NBA . In Tuesday 's statement , Sterling said he has apologized for the remarks and his apology is sincere . He also made inflammatory comments to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " about African-Americans , which the NBA had planned to use as part of its evidence against Donald Sterling in an owners ' meeting where a vote would be taken on whether to terminate Sterling 's ownership rights . The meeting was canceled . His lawsuit makes clear that he believes the NBA has no right to force such a sale , and the league was wrong in banning him for life and fining him . In addition to damages , the lawsuit seeks a restraining order . NBA commissioner to CNN : Donald Sterling saga not over yet	NEW : NBA Commissioner Adam Silver dismisses Donald Sterling 's accusation NEW : Silver : NBA is stepping back amid dispute between Donald , Shelly Sterling LA Clippers co-owner Donald Sterling says he will no longer support the team 's sale Donald Sterling 's lawyer says no court will believe his client is mentally incapacitated
Washington  CNN  --  CNN  -- The words "  budget " and "  compromise " have n't been connected in Congress in recent years . But legislators stunned observers and perhaps each other this week when Republicans and Democrats proved that they can , indeed , agree on government spending . Republican Rep. Paul Ryan and Democratic Sen. Patty Murray worked out a budget framework to fund the government into 2015 . The House approved the compromise agreement Thursday . The measure now goes to the Senate , where it is expected to pass as early as next week . The White House supports the proposal . It was the first full budget agreement by a divided Congress -- in which different parties control the House and Senate -- since 1986 , Ryan boasted in announcing the deal . After years of bruising political fights over spending and the federal borrowing limit , dysfunction reigned supreme in October when the government shut down for 16 days . A short-term spending plan got it going again , but a CNN/ORC International poll found that 71 % of Americans thought another shutdown would occur when the money ran out in January . Instead , such repeated budget brinksmanship would be put on hold if Congress passes the Ryan-Murray proposal . While neither side loves the compromise legislation , it appears to be on a path to approval . So , what changed this time ? Republican leaders stood up For two years , the most conservative members of the Republican Party , with the help of outside conservative groups , have been driving the agenda in the GOP-led House . House Speaker John Boehner endured humiliating leadership lapses when he was unable to corral sufficient votes from his majority caucus for legislation and agreements opposed by the tea party wing . The government shutdown in October was apparently the last straw . Led by tea party conservatives , Republicans forced a showdown over their demand to dismantle Obamacare . When Democrats balked , the public blamed the GOP for the dysfunction . Plummeting poll numbers emboldened Boehner and other establishment Republicans to assert their leadership this time by defying conservative opposition to the budget agreement . In particular , Boehner has blamed outside conservative groups that exert influence on Republican politics for pushing GOP legislators into the politically disastrous government shutdown in October . "  The day before the government re-opened , one of these groups stood up and said ` well , we never really thought it would work , ' " he told reporters Thursday before animatedly asking : "  Are you kidding me ? " At the same time , Boehner and other GOP leaders want to keep the political focus on problems with Obamacare , such as the botched launch of the HealthCare.gov website and policy cancellations despite President Barack Obama 's promise that people could keep coverage they liked . Rep. Paul Ryan : From Republican VP candidate to fiscal deal maker In defense of defense In general , members of Congress hated the untargeted forced spending cuts known as sequestration from a 2011 agreement , albeit for different reasons . Democrats disliked the indiscriminate nature of the dramatic spending reductions , with priorities such as education and social programs targeted equally with other less-valued categories . Republicans , meanwhile , opposed the deep cuts to military spending that top generals said weakened America 's defense readiness . The budget deal would eliminate $ 45 billion worth of sequester cuts set to hit in January , as well as another $ 18 billion scheduled for 2015 . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel praised the agreement Thursday , saying it provided certainty for military planning . "  This agreement does not solve all  Department of Defense  budget problems but it helps address readiness especially in 2014 with putting more money back in training , in particular , and procurement , " said Hagel , a former Republican senator . "  It also gives us some new certainty , predictability for our planning , for our budgeting over the next two years which is particularly important , " he added . No one likes Congress Years of dysfunction have really torpedoed the public 's view of Congress . After the October government shutdown , a CNN/ORC International poll showed only 14 % of respondents expressed satisfaction with how the government was operating . By comparison , 26 % of people were dissatisfied with the government during the Watergate scandal . Congress was under pressure from the public as well as the business community , including the influential Chamber of Commerce , which warned that another manufactured government crisis would harm the economy . Perhaps lawmakers are sick of being the least popular kids in town . Pat Murray emerges as bipartisan figure after budget deal Democrats do n't want to be blamed Republicans got the most blame for the October shutdown , and Democrats want to make that a permanent association in the mind of the public . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told CNN on Thursday that the anti-government tea party wing had sullied the GOP brand . "  In many ways , those people have hijacked the name Republican , which has been such a valuable contribution to our country , the Republican Party , " the California Democrat said . "  But they 've taken it over the cliff . " With congressional elections coming up next year , Democrats want to ensure that voters think of Republicans whenever the word shutdown comes up . Agreeing to the budget plan avoids the possibility of another shutdown until at least 2015 , preserving the negative connotation for Republicans through the next election cycle . Certainty at last Actually passing a formal budget for the first time in several years benefits everyone . Congress returns to what leaders call "  regular order " on the budget , meaning spending proposals are debated and passed instead of the practice in recent years of merely authorizing spending at previous levels . Bureaucrats can develop strategies and plans based on known figures , rather than wallowing in uncertainty over how much money the bickering legislators finally would authorize . Legislators up for re-election next year can campaign on their political and fiscal philosophies and accomplishments -- such as passing a budget -- instead of engaging in spending showdowns that anger voters and hinder economic growth . "  I came here to cut the size of government . That 's exactly what this bill does , " Boehner said Thursday of the budget deal . Meanwhile , Pelosi made sure to point out that passing the budget agreement would require Democratic votes because too many Republicans oppose it for the majority party to push it through on its own . "  They have n't passed anything with their own votes that was any good for the country , " she said . Opinion : A budget deal that 's bad for America CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	For the first time in years , leaders agree on a full budget plan Republicans want to avoid another government shutdown and focus on Obamacare Democrats can still brand Republicans as the shutdown party due to October Bureaucrats , politicians and the economy benefit from the funding certainty
Mbabane , Swaziland  CNN  -- We met her in the car park of a small shopping mall on the edge of Mbabane , Swaziland 's capital . She was too shy to get out of the car her friend had brought her in , too nervous of who might see , or what might be overheard . She told us that she knew an isolated place where we could talk . Ten minutes later we are in scrubland standing by the rubble and remains of someone 's home . Here Nelsie - not her real name - stops fiddling with her plastic necklace and starts looking me in the eye , but even that appears to take considerable effort . She tells me that for the last two years , since both her parents died in a car crash , she has lived on the periphery , isolated from her remaining family and society . "  Right now I do n't feel that I am a human being " she confesses . "  Right now I am scared to greet my family because if I say that I am a prostitute all of the people will just say that I am a prostitute " . She wants us to know that this was not her first choice ; she did try to find work . "  Here in Swaziland there are no jobs " she says . The necklace fiddling starts again . "  I have no choice to be a sex worker , whether I like it or not , I must do that " . Tucked away in one corner of Swaziland 's annual International Trade Fair we find the HIV/AIDS stands . It is an unusual addition at a trade fair but then so is the large number of children who have come here for a day out with their parents ; there is barely a businessman or woman in sight . These stands are testimony to a tragic accolade ; Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV and AIDS in the world . A staggering one in four people have HIV/AIDS in Swaziland . Read related : Opinion : How to end AIDS At one stand Zelda Nhlabatsi , who runs the Family Life Association of Swaziland , is trying to raise awareness about the disease . The free condoms on her table seem to have attracted quite a crowd . Her organization offers support and education to sex workers and she believes there is a growing number of women , just like Nelsie , who are turning to prostitution because of the country 's financial woes . "  Everyone needs food , those are basic needs and the unemployment rate is quite high so sex work for most people is a livelihood you know " . And the situation is likely to get worse she warns me . "  You are going to be seeing more and more people engaging in different kinds of work , including sex work . " Swaziland 's government blames the financial woes on a drop in income from the Southern African Customs Union following a new tariff deal . Organizations like the IMF have urged Swaziland 's government to cut its bloated civil service , reduce spending and attract foreign investors . At the height of the crisis , anti retrovirals were scarce , cancer treatment was stopped and schools were closed . According to the African Development Bank , youth unemployment in Swaziland is currently over fifty percent . Political parties may be banned here but the unions are emboldened and have led angry protests on the streets . Read related : South African girl brides abducted as fabled HIV cure South Africa 's President Zuma has offered some respite after the IMF refused Swaziland a loan . A three hundred and fifty five million dollar bailout was agreed but so far , none of that money has materialized . Majozi Sithole , Swaziland 's Finance minister , tells me . "  Right now I am not sure , we are waiting for the South Africans to engage with us whether that money is still available or not and if it is then we will gladly take it . It will assist us in meeting some of the fiscal challenges that we are currently facing but if it is not available then we are already taking steps to say let 's look at what we have . " Critics of King Mswati believe he and his array of wives have contributed to the financial demise of this small landlocked kingdom . There are reports of shopping trips to Europe , a private jet from a private sponsor and plans for a second international airport for a country with just over one million people . However , the country 's finance minister denies this . "  I can assure you that his Majesty , the Royal Family , they never overspend in what they have been allocated . If there are any challenges then they are in other ministries , " he tells me when we met him in his office . "  Those who would blame it on his Majesty they do not have the information , he never overspends , we discuss the fiscal challenges on a weekly basis , I brief him , he has concerns and he will , as he did this year , say whatever you work do n't even increase my budget because I understand the fiscal situation . " Read related : India 's sex slaves face lifelong cycle of abuse Sitting on a block of rubble with the sun fast descending behind her , Nelsie tells me she always wants the men she meets to use condoms . "  I am HIV positive , I have got HIV by rape , I was raped . While I was not raped I was HIV negative because I did not like to sleep with a man without a condom . " She and around 20 other women working in the neighborhood hide in the shadows of the night waiting for a car to pull up . To feed herself she says she has to have sex with twenty men in two weeks "  but sometimes in a day I used to sleep with five or six men " . Like many people who are struggling to make a living in Swaziland , there is no respite or prospect of a bailout . "  In this work we will die so while they do not think about us I do not think they are making an improvement in this country . We know that our economy is down but they must try , whether to supply us with food , whether to supply us with work . "	A growing number of people in Swaziland are turning to prostitution because of unemployment More than half of young people in Swaziland are out of work IMF refused loan to country and South Africa 's promised bailout money has not arrived Increase in sex work threatens to further compound country 's HIV/AIDS epidemic
CNN  -- A new search for an American teen who went missing on a mountain in Ecuador turned up no clues , the teen 's father said Friday . August Reiger has been missing since Sunday , when he went on a hike on a mountain overlooking the town of Banos . He was supposed to reunite with his family on the trail , but he was nowhere to be found . Ecuadorian authorities have been searching for him for days , and on Friday , they once again scoured the mountain where he was last seen . "  There 's nothing to tell , really , " said his father , Chris Reiger . "  We still do n't have anything . " Search crews that have canvassed the mountain will do so once again to make sure he is not there . Chris Reiger says the family has n't ruled out the possibility of a kidnapping but adds that "  none of this adds up . None of it . " August Reiger , who was his class valedictorian , has experience traveling abroad , including in his mother 's home country of Syria , his father said . "  He 's traveled so much before , " Chris Reiger said . "  We always went  to Damascus  every summer before the war broke out there . He 's been to way more dangerous places than this . " Family members say it appears he vanished without a trace after they split up during a hike in the mountainous area 100 miles south of the capital , Quito . Lira de la Paz Villalva , governor of Ecuador 's Tungurahua province , said local authorities do n't have any leads about what could have caused the teen 's disappearance . August had just graduated from the Classen School of Advanced Studies in Oklahoma City , said Shannon Schmoyer , Reiger 's father 's cousin . The 18-year-old had asked his parents for a trip to a Spanish-speaking country as a graduation present , she said . Gallery : Missing children who were found The faces of some of America 's missing	August Reiger has been missing since Sunday Another search was conducted Friday where he was last seen No signs of him have turned up
Libyan authorities are trying to round up 1,200 inmates who spilled out of a Benghazi prison . The prisoners escaped the al-Kwyfah facility in Benghazi early Friday , but only 18 have been captured , city security spokesman Mohammed Hujazi told Libya News TV on Saturday . A few others have surrendered , Hujazi said . Residents living next to the prison stormed the facility because they did n't want a prison in their neighborhood , said Ali Zaidan , prime minister of Libya 's transitional government . Authorities rushed to the scene , but were instructed "  not to draw arms against citizens , " Zaidan said . So the al-Kwyfah residents were able to open the floodgates for the prisoners . Zaidan said the country 's border posts have lists of the escaped prisoners . He also ordered the closure of Libya 's border with Egypt , to the east . "  Nobody will be allowed to cross , but we will allow the goods only to enter in the month of Ramadan , " Zaidan said . Hujazi , the city 's security spokesman , said the security apparatus in Benghazi "  suffers from the lack of manpower and equipment . "	Of the 1,200 who escaped , 18 have been captured and a few have surrendered Prime minister : Residents stormed the prison because they did n't want it in their area Authorities could n't draw their arms on the residents , allowing them to help the prisoners City official : Benghazi 's security apparatus "  suffers from the lack of manpower and equipment "
By day , Scott Loeser works from home for a company based in Hong Kong , selling stationery and school supplies to American big-box retailers . In the afternoon , he rides a bus about 30 minutes from St. Paul , Minnesota , to a studio where he makes small leather goods by hand in the hopes of one day selling them for his own company . Before he can do that , though , he figures he needs to know how to use a sewing machine and make a scalable product . "  I want to be the guy selling stuff to Asian companies instead of selling for them , " said Loeser , 35 , whose background is product development , sales and retail branding . "  I want to make a name for myself , but even if I have a product that 's successful and great , how cool would it be if I could also say that I sew my own product ? " To get closer to his dream , Loeser enrolled in a "  sewing and production specialist " course at Dunwoody College of Technology in Minneapolis , where he 'll learn the basics of sewing in an industrial setting and the production process . The program includes on-the-job training and a paid internship with a company in the Twin Cities region that could lead to a full-time job . Upon completion of the 22-week program , which began in January , he 'll earn a certificate in industrial sewing through Dunwoody . It may not sound like the sexiest gig ever , but Loeser is one of 18 students who see the program as a ticket to a brighter future . Ranging in age from 18 to 64 , their reasons for joining are as varied as their backgrounds . Some are lifelong Midwesterners , but nearly half are legal immigrants from as far as Somalia , Myanmar and Mexico . Some of them want to make use of a skill they utilized in their homeland or find a steady job that keeps them off their feet ; others , such as Loeser , see a path to entrepreneurialism . Made in America markets create communities of like-minded consumers That the class exists is a testament to the growing demand for a trade considered nearly obsolete in the last decades of the 20th century . The last time Dunwoody offered a cutting and sewing class was in the 1940s before it was dropped because of a lack of industry demand , said Debra Kerrigan , dean of workforce training and continuing education . Fast forward six decades and the demand for a skilled cut and sew industry has returned to Minnesota , home to about 8,000 manufacturing companies , many in desperate need of a workforce trained in trades lost in an era of outsourcing and automation . Read more : The high-tech return of high school shop class "  Dying trades are coming back to life , " Kerrigan said . "  Companies are looking for people with the right skills and people want to recareer and get back into the work force , and they want to do it quickly . " Birth of a movement Sure , there are online sewing tutorials and workshops at community centers or crafts stores for hobbyists . Colleges also offer degrees in fashion design and manufacturing and apparel technology . But organizers of the course say its specific focus on skilled sewing certification makes it unique -- and cheaper for students since it 's not a course for credits . The genesis of the course also makes it unique . Representatives from companies that historically manufactured in Minnesota got together in January 2012 and realized they had a shared need for skilled labor that could work with a variety of materials , from clothing and shoes to medical supplies , tarps , banners and HVAC vents . Spearheaded by Jennifer Guarino , CEO of luggage maker J.W. Hulme , the coalition moved fast once it identified common goals , reaching out to Dunwoody to create a curriculum suiting their needs and LifeTrack , a nonprofit human services organization that helps job seekers . Thus was born the Makers Coalition , which bills itself as "  a hands-on movement to rebuild the industrial sewing heritage of America " through the collaborative efforts of businesses and industry , educational institutions and nonprofits . The coalition represents a variety of sectors : established accessory and apparel brands like J.W. Hulme , Red Wing and Allen Edmonds ; independent designers of bridal collections , dance recital costumes and lingerie ; cut and sew facilities and makers of industrial sewing machines . The story of J.W. Hulme , a heritage brand that has been making bags and accessories in its St. Paul facility for more than 100 years , mirrors the experience of other coalition members . The brand relies on a skilled workforce that 's rapidly approaching retirement age in a time when it has begun to see dramatic growth , thanks to swelling brand awareness and interest in American-made goods . Made in America : The short list "  The more we 've grown , the more we 've found it very , very difficult to find skilled labor to stay at capacity , " Guarino said . "  We lost a whole generation of skilled labor , so we have to jump-start training again . We 're the guardians of our trade and , if we do n't , it will go away . " The coalition has a nonprofit arm that provides partial funding for scholarships and materials for the course . Additional funding for scholarships , which 16 of the 18 students receive , came from a $ 75,000 grant awarded to LifeTrack from the Greater Twin Cities United Way 's WINGs Giving Community . Beyond training a skilled workforce , Guarino says the larger vision for the coalition is to create a cut and sew industry in the Twin Cities that compares to those in New York and Los Angeles . But to do so , it needs to convince people that these are n't dead-end jobs -- that they have opportunities for advancement , especially as current workers retire . A chance to start fresh The program has its share of creative types in their 20s and 30s looking for alternatives to corporate life . Rhea O'Connor , 34 , already has a full-time job in Web design . She decided to enroll in the program 's night classes so she 'd have a skill that would allow her to potentially change careers . "  I want to actually be able to sew in way that I can produce something from the production standpoint instead of just creating a one-off , " she said . Other students are approaching middle age and looking for a chance to start fresh . Marcus Cook , 47 , has held his share of jobs in telecommunications and the service industry ; in darker days , he served time in prison for robbery . But , that 's all behind him , he says . Now , he 's engaged and has monthly bills , child support and a daughter looking to go to college . He sees the course as a ticket to getting his life back on track in an industry that appears to be growing . Plus , after more than a decade working on his feet in kitchens , it satisfies his desire to be creative in a job that wo n't require him to stand all day . "  I 'm still 20 years from retirement so I took this as an opportunity to learn a trade that will give me another notch in my belt and keep me employed , " he said . "  I do n't see this industry becoming totally automated and robotic ; there will always be a human application to it . " Scott Loeser also enjoys making things with his hands , which is why he got into leather-making in the first place . And , if growing consumer interest in the "  made in USA " trend translates to a real revival of American manufacturing jobs , he wants to be at the forefront . Running his own successful leather goods business is the ultimate goal -- he already has a name for it , Marked . But , in the short term , he simply wants to learn a marketable trade that interests him . "  The desire for made in USA is out there , the problem is there 's no one to make it , which is a need this program is filling , " he said . "  I want to be part of a movement that makes factory work cool and sexy again . "	Sewing and cutting class draws job-seekers from various backgrounds Class organized in response to Minnesota businesses in need of skilled workforce "  Dying trades are coming back to life , " school rep says Student : "  I want to be part of a movement that makes factory work cool and sexy "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jon Hamm has a confession to make : He hates his hair . Jon Hamm poses with his partner , Jennifer Westfeldt , at the premiere of "  The Day the Earth Stood Still . " That may come as a surprise to fans of the actor , whose slick-backed hair is part of his signature look on "  Mad Men " -- the show that just earned him another Golden Globe nomination for best actor in a TV drama . In the new movie "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " Hamm sports a slightly different ` do , with his bangs combed rakishly over one eye . It was in the context of promoting the sci-fi remake that Hamm revealed his tonsorial frustration . "  It 's the bane of my existence . Goofy hair , " he said in a self-deprecating interview with CNN . "  It never looks good ... It 's a pain . " Hamm says he 's always worn his hair long , but had to cut it for AMC 's TV series , in which he plays a 1960s Madison Avenue ad executive . He says stylists on the show , armed with hair spray and blow dryers , mold his coiffure into a hard shell . Helmet hair has come in handy at work . "  I 've had a piece of the set fall on my head and my hair did n't move , " he said . "  I had seven stitches in my head and my hair did n't move . That 's impressive . " Whether it 's his hair , good looks , acting chops or a combination thereof , Hamm 's star is on the rise in Hollywood . Apart from his co-starring role in "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " Hamm recently completed work on the murder mystery "  The Boy in the Box . " He hosted "  Saturday Night Live " this fall , he 's due to play Tina Fey 's love interest on "  30 Rock " and he continues to receive accolades for his work on "  Mad Men "  nominations for an Emmy and a Golden Globe so far  . How does that make Hamm feel ? "  Exciting is the right way to say it . It 's been a good year . It 's very exciting , " he said . "  I get to read a lot more scripts . I get to meet interesting people . I get to work with interesting people ... It 's fun to be sort of invited to the party . "	"  Mad Men " star Jon Hamm earned another Golden Globe nomination Hamm says hair is a pain -- especially short and lacquered for "  Mad Men " Actor currently appearing in "  The Day the Earth Stood Still "
CNN  -- Investors of Russian assets have had their first real chance to assess the situation in Ukraine and they did n't like what they saw . The two major indices in Moscow , the MICEX and the RTS , slumped more than 8 % on opening Monday and worsened as they day carried on . Investors do not like uncertainty and they were delivered more than their fair share over the weekend . With the ruble hitting a record low of about 37 to the dollar , central bank governor Elvira Nabiullina surprised the market by pushing interest rates to 7 % to buffer a run on the currency . The reality is quite simple : Russia 's economy has seen a dramatic slowdown for the past year . After growing 3.4 % in 2012 , it came in at about a third of that level last year with an expansion of just 1.3 % . The forecast of 2.5 % growth in 2014 , many suggest , looks ambitious with incursions into Ukraine part of the equation . While this is being positioned domestically in Russia as a move by President Vladimir Putin on behalf of Russians in the east of Ukraine , the military action probably will not sit well with those in the middle class who took to the streets over the past year . They have been frustrated by slow growth , a lack of transparency within government , and a lack of oil and gas revenues trickling down to those with higher aspirations and expectations . During the height of the global financial crisis , Putin , whether at a G8 or G20 Summit , took the opportunity to criticize western powers for not being vigilant enough with their commercial bankers -- whether on Wall Street or within the City of London . He proudly predicted Russia would continue to grow at 4 % with ample reserves of a half trillion dollars saved for a rainy day . That day may have arrived . Strategists I have interviewed complain that Putin relied on one asset -- energy -- for far too long . At the World Energy Congress in South Korea late last year , the energy minister Alexander Novak spelled out plans for Russian reserves to expand handsomely over the coming years . Gas pipelines , like the South Stream , are being constructed to bypass Ukraine and provide Europe with ample supplies for the next generation . Russia also has inked strategic energy partnerships with China and South Korea . But as the world is finding out , one can not live on energy alone with an economy of 140 million people . Government ministers I have spoken with admit they are well behind the curve when it comes to infrastructure investment . Another worrying sign for the economy is that it is expanding only modestly -- despite the projected $ 50 billion that was spent on the Sochi Winter Games and projects earmarked for the 2018 World Cup . So where does dispute over Ukraine lead us ? There are a number of tricky questions that need to be answered . Executives at Gazprom , Russia 's state-run gas giant , have declared that Ukraine is one and a half billion dollars in arrears on payments and that discounts given to the previous , pro-Moscow government expire at the end of the month . It is not clear whether Russia will turn off the taps as it has done twice before . Ukraine is carrying an unmanageable amount of debt -- nearly $ 30 billion comes due by the end of 2015 , about half of that this year . The IMF is sending a team over for an initial consultation this week , but until the political situation is sorted out before elections , it is not clear whether the fund will step in . There is a co-dependency between Russia and Europe . While major European Union members like Germany and France have reduced their reliance on Russian gas , about a quarter of all supplies still comes from pipelines filled by Moscow . About a third of Russia 's daily oil output of nearly ten million barrels a day goes to Europe as well . Finally , the U.S. may be suffering from military fatigue after years in Iraq and Afghanistan and the European Union from expansion fatigue . With 28 members after of an era of enlargement and sluggish growth of just a 0.5 % projected for this year , Brussels can ill afford to jump into a political mess on its eastern flank . Read more : Why Ukraine crisis matters to world economy Watch more : Yulia Tymoshenko exclusive : Draft bill would annex Crimea from Ukraine	Investors in Russian assets do n't like what they see in Ukraine , as CNN 's John Defterios explains Russia 's central bank governor has pushed up interest rates to 7 % to protect from a run on the currency Russia 's economy is expanding only modestly , despite huge expenditure on the Sochi Winter Olympics Huge questions still remain over the dispute in Ukraine and the global economic repercussions
CNN  -- Big company . Big salary . Big sendoff . Jason Shellen says he left Google because the chance to build something new "  outweighed the need for stability . " That 's the formula millions of American workers used for years to map their career trajectory . Conventional wisdom advised workers to land a job with a big company and retire with generous benefits . But there 's a new breed of worker who is making that formula seem as quaint as a VHS tape . They are the ultimate risk-takers -- they leave large , successful companies to pursue their own dreams even though the economy is reeling . They are people like Jason Shellen , who resigned as Google 's manager of new business development in 2007 to launch Plinky.com , a startup that 's designed to inspire bloggers and users of social media sites . Shellen says he was getting complacent working at Google , despite the company 's domination of the Web . He says he decided to leave Google despite a shaky economy because he wanted to force himself to change . "  Being an entrepreneur is all about risk and innovation , not timing the market , " Shellen says . "  A good idea does n't wait for the perfect time to emerge . The ability to build something new outweighed the need for stability . " iReport.com : Are you striking out on your own and starting your own project at home ? Why leave a sure thing ? Stability , though , seems to be a rare quality in the workplace . Those who contemplate leaving the corporate cocoon ca n't help but pay attention to the constant news about corporate layoffs . Their challenge : Why leave a comfortable position in corporate America when there seem to be so few ? Michael Rhim had to face that question . He says he was a regional vice president at TIAA-CREF , a company that provides retirement plans for nonprofit groups . He says the company had 5,000 employees , $ 400 billion in assets and 17,000 clients at its peak . But Rhim says he started contemplating a change because TIAA-CREF 's corporate culture was changing . He started talking with a friend who ran a consulting firm , and he started paying attention to his emotions . "  It was getting more difficult to get up in the morning , " he says . "  I was n't enjoying my old job as much as I used to . The more I talked about the job with my new partner , the more excited I got . " Rhim left TIAA-CREF in March of 2008 . He is now an executive at a new company , PRM Consulting , which has 25 employees . Now he does much of his own typing . He ca n't take clients to fancy restaurants . He even uses recycled paper for scrap paper to save costs . Though Rhim misses the perks of a large company , he says he received a lot more in return . "  There 's much quick decision making , " he says . "  I work in a culture where we are not afraid to try new things . " Shellen , who resigned from Google to start Plinky , says the large resources of a company can actually slow down the creative process . A person might want to invent a product , but small things like the name of the product end up being discussed in a committee . "  You do n't find that in a small company , " he says . "  At my new company , Plinky , we sometimes dream things up in the morning and by the afternoon have it live on the Web . That never happens at a big company . " Greater freedom is also what inspired Vanessa Fox to resign from her position at Google , where she helped build Webmaster Central , one of the company 's most successful projects . Today , Fox is the founder of "  Jane and Robot , " which helps Web site developers ensure their sites can be found by potential customers , and "  Nine By Blue , " which helps businesses use online data to better understand their customers . Fox says the challenge of creating something in an evolving space like the Internet was too great to pass up . "  As hokey as it sounds , there 's more to life than money , " she says . "  As much as I loved working at Google , I am really enjoying the flexibility I have now , as well as the ability to really make a difference in the direction I choose to go in . " Planning your exit Those who leave the security of corporate life should not do it without research and a plan , some say . The notion of suddenly bolting a cushy corporate dream to follow one 's bliss may seem romantic . But some who 've done it say those thinking about making a change should make a frank appraisal of their talents and latch onto something unique that they have to offer . Rhim , the retirement planning consultant , says he knew the IRS would soon change the retirement plans for nonprofit groups . He knew his expertise would be in demand . "  I sat down and put together a three-month planning process , " he says . "  I knew there was going to be a market out there where firms needed additional guidance . " All the careful planning , though , did n't remove his fear , Rhim says . But he discovered something remarkable . Once he committed to leaving , doors suddenly opened for him : People materialized to help him and amazing coincidences led to business opportunities . Rhim , a devout Christian , says it seemed like his leap of faith was being rewarded . "  No question , it was a scary proposition , " Rhim says . "  But my pastor preached about when you do the right things , the Lord will bless you as he sees fit . " Yet Rhim says he knew he could n't just lean on faith . "  If you realize that you have some skill sets that are valuable , you can market yourself accordingly , " Rhim says . "  If not , you 're sitting there , waiting to see if you 're going to be downsized . " Rhim says he 's happy with his move . He sometimes misses having the muscle of a big company behind him , but he no longer feels he 's being controlled by larger forces . He may have to do his own typing now , but at least he is writing his own script , he says . "  If you allow yourself to have other people continue to dictate your future , " Rhim says , "  you 're at their mercy . "	Google manager leaves during slow economy to force himself to change He says large resources can actually slow down the creative process Exec at another firm misses big firm 's muscle but enjoys trying new things Another ex-Google worker says , "  There 's more to life than money "
Washington  CNN  -- Since Barack Obama was first elected president in 2008 , the word "  change " was popular with Democrats who were seeking to win elected office . Obama effectively used it to tap into voters ' disenchantment with President George W. Bush , and he ultimately swept into the White House in a watershed year for Democrats . But with the 2014 election on the horizon , Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin , chair of the Democratic Governors Association , said this year 's gubernatorial contests wo n't be about that operative word . Key gubernatorial races in 2014 "  I am not so sure that this is the change election , " Shumlin said Tuesday during an editorial board meeting with CNN . "  I think this is the election where voters care about one thing , middle class voters , both independents and Democrats , care about one thing : Did you or can you create better opportunities for us and our kids ? " The Democratic leader continued by stating that voters who have suffered through "  10 years of a stagnating economy " and have slowly "  seen jobs trickle back , " want to know what candidates are "  going to do to improve my wallet . " "  I do n't think it is going to be a lofty , idealist change election , " Shumlin concluded . 2014 : What 's at stake Four years removed , the 2010 midterm election looms large over this November 's contests . Republicans - in both Congress and in the states legislatures - won major gains by tapping into anti-Obama sentiment and riding the tea party wave . But those same Republicans now have to defend their wins -- Republican governors are left to defend 22 governorships in November compared to only 14 for Democrats . According to CNN 's initial analysis , roughly half of this year 's 36 races for governor could be competitive . Democrats are on the defensive in two highly competitive races , in Illinois and Arkansas , while Republicans are defending four toss-up races , in Florida , Maine , Michigan and Pennsylvania . Five races are "  tilting " in favor of Democrats - Colorado , Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Rhode Island - and another five are "  tilting " in favor of Republicans - Ohio , Arizona , New Mexico , South Carolina and Wisconsin . The other seven Democratic seats and 13 Republicans seats are considered safe . For Shumlin , the man in charge with ensuring Democrats make gains in November , the map is tiling in his favor . In particular , the Vermont governor said Democrats plan to use the way Republicans ran in 2010 against them . "  These guys got elected as the reformers , do you remember that ? " Shumlin said . "  In 2010 , tea party governors got elected as reformers . " Shumlin went on to hit a number of Republican governors for ethics investigations and tax cuts for high-income earners . He said that the last four years of leadership from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , Florida Gov. Rick Scott and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker prove that Republicans are n't reformers . "  Any myth that these guys are reformers is officially dead , " Shumlin said . By pressing a message centered on raising the minimum wage and strengthening the middle class , those campaigning for Democratic governors and candidates feel like they are in better position to make gains in 2014 than congressional Democrats , where it is looking more likely the Democrats will continue to be a minority in the House . Republicans , as expected , have a different view of the map . In a Tuesday statement , Jon Thompson , spokesman for the Republican Governors Association , said , "  While Democrat governors continue to raise taxes , increase spending , and waste hardworking taxpayers ' money on failed Obamacare exchanges in their states , Republican governors are cutting taxes , lowering spending , balancing budgets , reforming education and driving the American Comeback . " Will GOP 's Obamacare focus pay off ? Why are some Dems running from Obamacare ? Obama : Republicans ` were wrong ' about Obamacare Republicans also have bragging rights when it comes to money in the bank . The Republican Governors Association raised $ 23.5 million in the first quarter of 2014 , nearly doubling the $ 12.5 million their Democratic counterpart brought in . The RGA haul was a record for the group and more than doubled what it raised in the first three months of 2010 . "  RGA 's strong financial position will give us the resources to push back against the public sector unions and the White House , who have targeted Republican governors and candidates for defeat , " Phil Cox , the group 's executive director said earlier this year . Democrats hope to make up those fundraising gaps in the coming months and are using a prolific Democratic fundraiser - former President Bill Clinton - to do just that . Clinton will headline a May fundraiser with Mike Ross , the Democratic gubernatorial hopeful in Arkansas , and the former President will also headline a DGA fundraiser for Charlie Crist in Miami on May 6 . Hillary Clinton , however , has not been asked by the DGA for help in the midterms . Clinton , who left the State Department in early 2013 and is now considered the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 if she runs , has largely stayed away from highly political events in favor of paid speeches and corporate engagements . Shumlin downplayed the fact that Clinton has yet to campaign for the DGA and noted that she did help her longtime friend Terry McAuliffe , who ran and won the Virginia governor 's mansion in 2013 . "  The Clintons have been really helpful to us , " Shumlin said . "  Obviously , you know Hillary is kind of laying a little bit low these last few months since she stopped being secretary of state but President Clinton has been hugely helpful . ... Everybody would love to have the Clintons help and we are getting it . " Meet the woman who could turn Texas purple Haley 's re-election bid : It 's complicated Kashkari mounts long-shot bid Special Coverage : The 2014 midterms CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Leading Democratic governor : Middle class voters in 2014 care about economic opportunity Shumlin : "  I am not so sure that this is the change election " According to CNN 's initial analysis , roughly half of this year 's 36 races for governor could be competitive GOP group : Democratic governors continue to raise taxes and increase spending
CNN  -- Talk about something to be grateful for this Thanksgiving . The American Samoa soccer team , ranked dead last among soccer teams around the world by FIFA , soccer 's international governing body , made history this week when it won its first ever international game . That 's cause for celebration for a team that for 16 years had never savored victory . A team that played 30 games since 1994 , losing all 30 . One that set a record for the largest loss in international soccer history , when Australia trounced it 30-1 in 2001 . But all that changed Tuesday when it beat Tonga 2-1 in a pre-qualifying game for the 2014 World Cup . "  I hope that we can now improve our standing in the FIFA rankings and get into the hundreds , " said coach Thomas Rongen to the country 's football federation . "  We are 204 at the moment and this win will have helped . " Rongen , who until May coached the U.S. Under-20 team , was hired just three weeks ago . He told the Football Federation he was n't even sure where the tiny U.S. protectorate in the South Pacific was located when he was approached for the job . "  I live in Florida and own some property in the Bahamas , so I 'm an island kind of guy , " he said . "  I looked at a map and said to my wife , ` Hey , it 's an island . Do you want to do it ? ' She said , ` Let 's go . So we headed down . " Soccer is n't a big draw in the island of about 55,000 . And , Rongen said , the sport is a labor of love for the squad . "  They 're not getting anything to be here and some are spending time away from their jobs and are losing money because of that , " he said . "  It 's amateur football at its best . The game at the highest level can be very cynical , but this is just about 23 guys making sacrifices , " Rongen said .	The team is ranked 204th in FIFA soccer standings It made the record books when it lost to Australia 30-1 It lost 30 consecutive games before its win against Tonga
CNN  -- When a sinkhole gobbled up a large rental condo at a resort complex in Clermont , Florida , this week , I was n't particularly surprised . Hundreds of sinkholes form every year in Florida . They really are not that unusual . But it is surprising how little we know about them and how much bad sinkhole policy there is in the state . Sinkholes are natural phenomena that form when limestone dissolves bedrock and the overlying land surface collapses . This is a problem in a state whose population has doubled every 20 years or so in recent decades . For a time , all homes in Florida were required to have sinkhole coverage . But the state legislature passed insurance reforms in 2011 . Now , insurance companies must offer sinkhole insurance , but if you are in a high-risk zone , you can easily be turned down for coverage after a rudimentary inspection . When I tried to get sinkhole insurance for my 1961 concrete block ranch home near Tampa , I was told I needed to get an inspection . I paid $ 50 , and someone came and walked around the house and briefly came inside . I was then told by my insurance company that my home was ineligible for sinkhole coverage . The explanation : There were cracks in the 50-year-old plaster . Who does n't have cracks like that in an old home ? In February , a sinkhole opened under a home in Seffner , causing the death of a resident , the only known fatality from a sinkhole collapse in Florida in modern history . This home had passed the same inspection that my home failed . It 's not clear why . Sinkholes have affected property values in neighborhoods across Florida : Few want to buy into a neighborhood where there have been sinkholes . Some have lost more than 70 % of their investment , and many have walked away from mortgages . Florida has lax building standards when it comes to sinkholes . Home builders are not required to do detailed assessments of property to assess sinkhole risk , and because telltale signs are out of sight , under the earth , unsuspecting homeowners can buy into an area without knowing that they may be heading for trouble . There are also few planning rules for building in sinkhole-prone areas . Local governments are happy to gain the taxes from expansive building booms but are unwilling to limit development in high-risk areas or even require investigations where there is risk . In the face of all this , lawyers have happily stepped into the breach . If you travel across Florida , you will see many billboards advertising legal services to those who are impacted by sinkholes and want what they feel is just compensation . In fact , due to vagaries of law and science , a sinkhole industrial complex has evolved that includes those lawyers , plus geologists and engineers . While the state 's Division of Financial Services does provide helpful advice about what to do if you have a sinkhole , homeowners often have to dive into this expensive world to try to understand what to do if they have a sinkhole on their property . Surprisingly , the state has not seriously invested in sinkhole science . Although the Florida Geological Survey does provide some key information , there is no clear coordinated research effort on Florida karst landscapes , the landscapes that foster sinkholes . A well-funded sinkhole research institute at the University of Central Florida was founded after a huge sinkhole opened in Winter Park in 1981 , but it was defunded a decade later . The state has not reinvested in comprehensive sinkhole or karst research in any thoughtful or meaningful way since then . Most of the key publications published by the state on sinkholes and other types of karst features in the state date back at least a generation . The state did recently receive a federal grant to study Florida 's vulnerability to sinkholes , but there does not seem to be any clear long-term research plan to address the broad problems associated with the region 's unique geology . Florida is failing its citizens in sinkhole science and policy . It is time for the state to get serious about trying to understand this vexing problem . It is also time for policy makers to take another look at insurance , building codes and land use rules , and it 's time to rebuild a Florida sinkhole research institute . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Brinkmann .	Robert Brinkmann : Florida sinkholes all too common , but state 's policy on them terrible He says recent law makes it easier for insurers to deny homeowners sinkhole coverage He says builders are n't required to check for sinkholes , and there are few planning rules Brinkmann : State should rethink regulations and land use , revive sinkhole research institute
CNN  -- Earlier this year , Matt Keller sat down with officials in Afghanistan -- not to discuss troop deployments , suicide bombings or opium traffickers . He was there to talk about getting laptop computers into the hands of little girls . Girls in India take a seat on the floor and get to work on their new laptops . As Taliban insurgents continue to crack down on girls who go to school and women who dare to teach them , Keller was awestruck by the Afghan government 's determination to educate all children , even if it means finding tools that allow them to intellectually grow in the privacy of their own homes . "  For them to propose this was astounding , " said Keller , who works for One Laptop per Child , a Cambridge , Massachusetts , nonprofit committed to creating and distributing affordable , durable and solar-powered laptops to the world 's poorest children . "  That hunger for knowledge , that desire to learn , is pretty profound . " From Uruguay , Haiti and Mexico to Mongolia , Ghana and the small Polynesian island of Niue , at least 750,000 kids -- a number that will double by June , Chairman Nicholas Negroponte said -- are tapping away on One Laptop per Child-produced XO laptop keyboards . They 're exploring mathematics , composing music and art , learning new languages , designing animation , collecting data , collaborating with peers across borders and accessing learning tools  including textbooks  that they would never see otherwise . Targeting current and historic conflict zones , including Iraq , Rwanda and most recently the Gaza Strip , not only fulfills the group 's mission to offer equal-access education to the most isolated children , it may also promote world peace , Keller said . By putting laptops "  into the hands of kids who would otherwise be indoctrinated , " he explained , "  we can make the case pretty successfully that doing this is a long-term solution to root causes . " When the laptops , which incorporate free wireless Internet connectivity and open-source programming , first rolled out in 2007 , they cost $ 205 each . Now , they 're down to $ 180 . The price is higher than Negroponte 's original goal of $ 100 a pop , but it 's a figure he believes will keep going down as One Laptop per Child finds ways to engineer the product with fewer components . The hope is that with corporate sponsorships and donations , collected through a program called Give One Get One , the computers can be delivered to kids at no cost to the poorest host-country governments . The laptops allow students to engage in learning differently , enjoy a customized approach and hone critical thinking skills , explained David Cavallo , One Laptop per Child 's vice president of learning . And their mere existence , he said , keeps kids coming to school . Cavallo spoke of a school in Rwanda that lacks electricity and traditionally had a 50 percent attendance rate . It is now drawing 1,000 more students than its previous full capacity , he said , and is even attracting kids -- who in turn are teaching their parents and grandparents -- on weekends . "  Rwanda is recovering from genocide , " he said . This is a "  real engagement of a society directing itself to a different future . " And the kids , no matter their previous exposure to technology , immediately gravitate to the machines . Keller , the group 's director for Europe , the Middle East and Africa , recalled a visit to rural Ethiopia . As he passed out the laptops , he kept one eye on the children , the other on his watch . Seven seconds was all it took for an 8-year-old boy to flip open the never-seen-before computer , find and then hit the power button . Within two weeks , that boy and his classmates would be programming . Meanwhile , the nearby adults stared at the oddball objects and flashed the international look of , "  What the hell is this thing ? " Keller said . "  Kids are technology natives , and adults are technology immigrants . " Despite its ongoing successes , the downturn in the economy has taken a toll on the nonprofit . The last Give One Get One promotion brought in $ 2.5 million , while the first incarnation brought in $ 37.5 million , Negroponte said . And corporate sponsors fell from 11 to three in the span of 30 days , he added . Early this year , the organization laid off half of its staff , bringing the total on payroll to just 32 . These economic realities , though disappointing , wo n't impede the mission , said Negroponte , who created One Laptop per Child with others from the MIT Media Lab . Thousands of volunteers around the world offer technical support and training , and serve as translators and programmers . "  If we could get all the children in the world -- 1.2 billion of them between 6 and 12 -- to have a connected laptop , that would be success , " Negroponte said . "  Roughly half of those children have no electricity at home or school . The poverty is so extreme , and the environmental conditions are so extreme , we have to focus on them . " The push has been to reach out to developing nations , but that has n't precluded the group from serving American communities that can pursue the program at a scale that makes sense financially . Birmingham City Schools in Alabama , for example , now has 14,000 of the group 's laptops in students ' hands . Michael Wilson , principal of Glen Iris Elementary School in Birmingham , opened his building 's doors last year as the district 's pilot school for the free laptop program . "  It 's been an overwhelming success at our school , " which has a poverty rate of 83 percent , Wilson said . Through professional development and a summer camp for kids , the school is learning how to best utilize the computers . And the students , who own their laptops , are learning about responsibility . They 're "  totally engaged in what they 're doing , " Wilson said . "  I have kids getting out of cars in the morning with their laptops open . " One of those kids might be Amicah Bitten , a fourth-grader who is using the computer on her own time to learn Spanish with her mother , Kamonia Bates . "  It gets me more interested because she 's interested . ... She does n't put it down , " said Bates , who used to take her daughter to the library when she needed a computer . "  I like it because people can learn stuff , " Amicah , 9 , said after school . "  You can listen to music . You can take pictures . You can also learn how to make different things . I can learn Spanish . I can learn French . I can learn how to use the keyboard . ... Yes ma'am , my laptop can do many things . "	One Laptop per Child targets kids in poorest and most conflicted regions Laptops can help girls learn in Afghanistan , where Taliban cracks down on schools 1.5 million laptops will be distributed by June , chairman says Economy may be a challenge , but goal to give equal access to all kids wo n't stop
Atlanta  CNN  Robert Lewis Burns Jr. , the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd , died Friday night in a car crash , a Georgia State Patrol spokesman said . Burns , 64 , died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville , spokesman James Tallent said . No other cars were involved in the crash , which occurred shortly before midnight . "  He was not restrained at the time of the crash , " Tallent told CNN . The musician lived in northern Georgia . Burns was part of the genre-defining band 's original lineup , which formed in Jacksonville , Florida , in 1965 . Lead singer Ronnie Van Zant started Noble Five with Burns , guitarists Gary Rossington and Allen Collins and bassist Larry Junstrom in their hometown . It then made a name change in a reference to a high school gym teacher . Lynyrd Skynyrd changed members over the years as it produced rock anthems including "  Sweet Home Alabama " and "  Freebird . " Burns left the band before its third studio album , "  Nuthin Fancy , " in 1975 , "  exhausted by touring , " according to the band 's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame biography . He was not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members , including Van Zant . The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006 . Lynyrd Skynyrd still tours with Rossington , the only original member still in the band . "  Today I 'm at a loss for words but I just remember Bob being a funny guy , " Rossington said on the band 's official Facebook page . "  My heart goes out to his family and God bless him and them in this sad time . He was a great great drummer . " People we 've lost in 2015	Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd 's original lineup His car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight
CNN  -- "  Theatre of Dreams " reads the plaque on the classroom door of Manchester United Soccer School in Mumbai . Nutritional advice and tactics are scribbled on the whiteboard and a Wayne Rooney portrait hangs on the wall . But if the future of the domestic sport lies at the feet of new talent , youngsters are dreaming of playing in stadiums abroad , not at home . Endemic problems over the last four decades have slumped the nation to a low 149 out of 209 in FIFA 's world rankings , moving FIFA president Sepp Blatter to describe Indian football as a "  sleeping giant . " However , the arrival of Dutch coach Robert Baan as the nation 's first technical director signals a possible revival of a country with a 1.2 billion population . Appointed in October 2011 , Baan was previously the technical director in the Netherlands and caretaker coach for the Australia Under 23 team . In India , he says he had spotted about five boys aged below 10 whose skills were on par with European youngsters of that age group . Qualifying for the World Cup It is still early days , but Baan believes with continued development of India 's grassroots , the country might be ready to participate in the 2022 World Cup . "  Or more realistically , 2026 or 2030 , " he adds . "  As India has just started to implement grassroots football it will take 10 years or more to get these players to the same level as in Japan , Korea , or Europe and South America . " This grassroots project involves the All India Football Federation  AIFF  opening residential academies all over the country , free to athletes and providing education alongside football training . These are different to the academies run by overseas clubs such as English Premier League champion Manchester United , which require fees and are non-residential . The first AIFF academy opened in Navi , Mumbai in May 2012 , the second in September 2012 in Pailan , another recently in Goa , with a fourth coming soon in Bangalore . "  We already have our under-19 boys in Goa and that will now be our elite academy , possibly moving to Pune in the coming months , " said Baan . Sunando Dhar , CEO of the AIFF 's domestic I-League , has high hopes for this new development . "  I think this is the first positive step that Indian football and the AIFF have taken in the last 30 years , " he said . Up until the 1970s , India , which has long been one of the world 's top sides at cricket , was among the best sides in Asian football and the national team was even invited by FIFA to play in the 1950 World Cup in Brazil . In the end India failed to make it to Brazil . According to football historian and statistician Gautam Roy , the journey by ship was too expensive and the players were unable to fulfill the compulsory requirement to wear football boots , as they usually played with bare feet . The AIFF has governed football in India for 75 years and was responsible for appointing Baan . Located in Dwarka in southwest Delhi , the AIFF 's headquarters is an impressive building crowned with a huge football . Is India a sporting country ? Despite that bold architectural statement , Dhar is more downbeat in his assessment of the country 's competence : "  India lacks sporting passion and is not really a sporting country . " That surprising admission provoked astonishment from two Indian football experts . "  India has been playing football , as well as cricket , for over 100 years , " Roy told CNN . "  There are so many individuals in cricket , football , athletics and hockey . "  We 've won gold medals and been world champions , despite being amateur players . If India is not a sporting nation , then why are there so many people playing sport on the ground ? " Former Indian soccer star Baichung Bhutia , who briefly played for English lower division team Bury FC in 1999 , added : "  If the AIFF says India 's not a sporting nation , then what are they doing there ? You have to make it a sporting nation ! " Dhar defends his view and says India does not have a strong presence at the Olympics . Referring to how interest in cricket soared after the first World Cup win in that sport in 1983 , he says : "  If the national team does well , it suddenly changes the equation completely . " India 's national captain Sunil Chhetri believes the AIFF 's criticism of the team dampens their confidence and argues everyone should be working together . Chhetri gave India a sign of hope when he joined the reserve side of Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon in July last year , with Indian football pundit Arunava Chaudhuri describing the move as the "  biggest ever transfer of an Indian footballer . " But the main goal should be for Indians to renew national pride in their home game , which currently rejoices in its past . Beating the British British soldiers introduced the sport to the country in the 19th century and an Indian team even beat them at their own game to win a domestic tournament in 1911 . Roy says this victory gave India the confidence to make the move towards independence , which finally happened 36 years later . However the influence of England -- or rather the English Premier League -- still hangs heavy over Indian football . At Bhutia 's academy in Delhi , 14-year-old Somil , Vansh and Tannay say they stay awake until the early hours to keep up with the European Championships and the World Cup . And they all wish to go to Europe to play professionally . "  In the English Premier League , I support Chelsea . And for La Liga , it 's Barcelona , " says Somil , without hesitation . "  But I do n't really know much about Indian football . " In December 2010 , AIFF signed a 15-year lucrative seven billion rupee  $ 1.3 million  marketing deal with India 's IMG Reliance -- a world-leading sports management company -- to boost the promotion of domestic football . Dhar says revamping the I-League is a priority . But that was over two years ago and experts say little improvement has been made since . The Indian Football Association  IFA  , which manages football in West Bengal , organized the country 's first international friendly between the hugely popular Venezuela and Argentina in 2011 . Crowds packed out the 120,000-capacity Salt Lake Stadium in Kolkata for a glimpse of Argentina 's superstar Lionel Messi . But while tickets were in short supply to watch arguably the world 's best player , local matches remain abandoned on unpopular television channels and without effective promotion . Last year , private company Celebrity Management Group organized a Premier League Soccer , spending almost $ 7 million bidding for retired World Cup players , including former France international Robert Pires . However , the stadiums were not ready in time , which led to an indefinite postponement and players left in limbo without their wages . Again , these efforts , independent of the AIFF , did not make noticeable improvements to the home game . Kolkata-based Mohun Bagan A.C. and East Bengal F.C. are the biggest Indian clubs with a historical 86-year long rivalry , comparable to the Scottish clubs Celtics and Rangers . In fact , a derby match can attract a crowd of 100,000 people . "  These clubs do n't know how lucky they are because they did absolutely nothing to get this kind of commitment from fans , " says Hindustan Times sports journalist Dhiman Sarkar . Anjan Mitra , general secretary of Mohun Bagan A.C. , boasts about the club 's "  worldwide " following . But when asked about the lack of merchandise available for fans , he says they have run out and will re-order soon . Sarkar says : "  Mismanagement is a huge part of the problem . " Bhutia now co-owns the United Sikkim club , which has risen to the I-League 's top division just five years after its formation . He argues that AIFF should be working with and advising clubs on management , attracting investors and developing players . "  The AIFF does n't help club owners who are n't as knowledgeable as me , " he said . "  Football has n't changed ; it 's still the same from the '60s and '70s . It has n't caught up with world football and where it 's gone . "  That 's the story of India itself . " ` Unclaimed territory ' However Roy feels worldwide perceptions are changing . "  Everyone 's looking towards India , " he said . "  Here you have over one billion people ; if you can make football popular , it will be one of the most popular things . " The scope for development is also being keenly monitored by some of Europe 's leading clubs . Along with Manchester United , Liverpool and Barcelona have also opened football academies in the country . Dhar describes India as "  unclaimed territory . " Former Liverpool player Steve McMahon began the Steve McMahon Football Academy in October 2011 in New Delhi . Anshuman Tripath , supportive father of 12-year-old Utkarsh who attends the school , says it has "  the best facilities and training , much better than government facilities " and that "  British coaches also bring a completely different perspective . " Education , education , education But these initiatives still have to overcome the emphasis Indians place on education , which has traditionally overshadowed sports . Shaji Prabhakaran -- FIFA 's South Asia development officer -- says schools in India should give sport as much importance as math and promote its health benefits . Baan says children aged between six and 12 years old need to be offered a weekly program of fitness and sports run by quality coaches at all schools . "  Let the child learn to play all kinds of sport and find out for which he has most talent . " According to Baan , Indian children are increasingly able to tell their parents "  what they want . " In addition , attractive salaries , and the opportunities to become a coach or a physio , are incentives for parents to allow their children to pursue football . In fact , Roy says I-League players earn more than cricketers : "  The prize money is low at five million rupees  $ 93,000  but the clubs are paying a lot because they 're sponsored . " Last year , India placed a bid to host the FIFA Under-17 World Cup tournament in 2017 , and would be given automatic participation if it is successful . Das points out that this would be the first time that India would play in a World Cup . But FIFA is demanding certain guarantees from the Indian government , such as security , tax and foreign exchange inflow , and acceptance of the bid is uncertain . However , Baan is hopeful : "  It will give Indian football a big boost . " Ultimately , heroes are made , not born . "  The Messis of the world only come through if we create the right kind of environment , " Prabhakaran argues . "  If Messi was growing up here , he may not have been so successful . " .	India 's national football team ranks 149 out of 209 FIFA member nations India used to be among the best in Asia at the sport until the 1970s FIFA president Sepp Blatter describes Indian football as a "  sleeping giant " Dutchman Rob Baan signals hope as the nation 's first technical director
CNN  -- Beyond skateboards , Silicon Valley and hippies , California has a trendsetting streak of a different kind . The state has been first to pass major public health initiatives that have spread throughout the country . California was first to require smog checks for clean air , pass anti-tobacco initiatives and bike helmets laws . While these laws were met with skepticism and ridicule , they 've often become standard practice in other states . The Golden State was first to ban smoking in workplaces , bars and restaurants in 1998 . Now similar rules exist throughout the country . Some advocates tout the state as a forward-thinking vanguard in which its health and safety laws are routinely emulated by other states . "  There have been progressive legislations in tobacco , environment and obesity prevention , " said Mark Horton , a lecturer at the University of California Berkeley School of Public Health . "  In some respect , the rest of the country looks to California as a laboratory for moving forward with those various types of initiatives . " But some critics liken the Golden State to a nanny state . California has 151,002 health and safety laws . "  It never ends , " said Laer Pearce , who works in public affairs in Orange County . "  Every year , several hundred bills come through and dozens of them tell us how to live our lives . " Starting in January , 760 new California laws went into effect -- for example , the importing of shark fins is prohibited , student athletes are required to have medical clearance after suffering a head injury , teens are banned from using tanning booths and the sale of caffeinated beer is forbidden . There 's a perception that California has "  more folks who are health-oriented and more health-minded , " said Horton , former director of the California Department of Public Health . It 's not just workout fanatics hanging out at Muscle Beach , Sierra Club members hiking mountains or the uber-health-conscious touting organic foods . Californians in general tend to have healthier habits , ranking 10th for physical activity , fourth for healthy blood pressure and fifth for a diet high in fruits and vegetables compared with other states , according to America 's Health Rankings . Californians have a stake in their health and the environment , because they want to enjoy the state 's natural landscape , said several people interviewed for the article . "  What brings many people to California is the climate and the culture , " said Matt Rodriquez , California 's Secretary for Environmental Protection . "  That means people who do come here have an interest in preserving ... a beautiful environment , clean air and clean water . " The willingness to innovate in health laws is part of the California 's culture , said Marice Ashe , founder and executive director of Public Health Law & Policy in Oakland , California . "  You see that in technology innovation in Silicon Valley , there 's a lot of sharing of ideas and resources that lead to major breakthroughs . " A similar vibe exists in public health because there is a high concentration of medical , public health and law schools and organizations exchanging ideas , she said . Since California started allowing ballot initiatives in 1911 , its voters have swept in many several pioneering health laws . In 1986 , the state 's voters passed a ballot initiative requiring information on products if they contain chemicals known to cause cancer , birth defects or reproductive harm . Products like electrical cords and Tiffany-style lamps carry statements : "  WARNING : This product contains lead , a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm . Wash hands after handling . " One of California 's biggest examples of its influence on public health law is tobacco regulation . In 1988 , voters approved a proposition to become the first state to tax cigarettes to fund a tobacco control program . Ten years later , California banned smoking in public places such as trains , planes , buses , workplaces and restaurants . Now , about half of the states have similar policies about smoking in public places . California became a guide for developing anti-smoking policies , said Lawrence Green , who formerly served as the acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Office on Smoking and Health . The state also has a long history of limiting air pollution . California was the first state to ban a chemical used in laundromats called perchloroethylene , prohibit leaded gasoline , require smog checks and reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases . The state 's air resource board passed another rule in January requiring reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and putting more zero-emission vehicles on the road . California , home to more than 37 million people and the world 's ninth-largest economy , has major clout . "  It 's a large and powerful state , it can challenge national industries and has done so , " said Green , professor of epidemiology and biostatistics at the University of California at San Francisco School of Medicine . In certain cases , California laws have gone too far , according to the courts . Last year , the Supreme Court struck down a California law that would have banned selling violent video games to children . The state asserted that it had a legal obligation to protect children from graphic interactive images , but the court ruled the law violated the First Amendment . "  As far as red states and blue states go , it 's probably the largest blue state with more progressive attitudes towards issues around public health , " Green said . "  And some cities , San Francisco and Los Angeles , have been passing some of the laws at municipal level , that lays the ground for state legislation . " California 's cities often grab headlines with health-oriented initiatives . The City of Los Angeles recently passed a law requiring all adult film workers to use condoms to prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases . Pornography filmmakers have responded by threatening to move elsewhere . Santa Clara County , located in northern California , became the first to ban fast - food restaurants from handing out give free trinkets with their kid 's meals in 2010 . San Francisco quickly passed a similar law and New York City 's leaders have also indicated interest . But California does not rank as one of the healthiest states , according to America 's Health Rankings . It ranks in the middle , at 24 , when the health of its residents is compared with other states . California came in as the worst for air pollution and near the top in cancer deaths  sixth  , infant mortality  fifth  and occupational fatalities  fourth  . Because California houses more than 10 % of the U.S. population , it may not be fair to compare a state with such a huge , diverse population with one that 's more homogenous and smaller , like Vermont , which ranks as the healthiest state . "  The amount of cultural and income diversity in the state , the huge size of low-income population puts health equity to test here , " said Ashe , a lawyer who specializes in public health issues . "  We are not the healthiest state despite innovations ; we have challenges that we embrace and try to offer solutions . " Pearce , author of "  Crazifornia : Tales from the Tarnished State " said all the regulations have hurt California 's economy . The state has lost manufacturing jobs and companies because of too much regulation , he said . For years , California has faced budget shortfalls , and its governor , Jerry Brown , is now calling for tax increases in sales and high-end income . "  It 's a love-hate , " Pearce said about his views of California . "  There 's so much to the government , it drives me a little crazy . " Ashe said people who blame regulations for economic woes do n't see the bigger picture . "  People love to beat up on the nanny state and point a finger at regulation , " said Ashe . For example , she said that not regulating air quality means more people would have health problems such as heart disease and asthma . "  If we do n't do something , we are costing the state untold billions of dollars , " she said . "  It 'd be worse without protection . "	California led several public health efforts in tobacco control , air quality Residents tend to be health-conscious because of culture , environment Critics say the state over-regulates , stifling freedom and economy Several metrics show laws do n't translate into healthy population
CNN  -- He might have walked alone in a crowd of 15,000 fans , but for one Italian soccer fan that lonely experience has resulted in internet stardom . The unusual story of Arrigo Brovedani , who was the only Udinese supporter to turn up to the club 's top-level away game earlier this week , has swept around the world . "  I feel a little overwhelmed , I do n't think I deserve all this attention ! " the 37-year-old told CNN on Thursday . Brovedani has had a memorable few days . He went to Sampdoria 's stadium in Genoa on Monday evening expecting few fellow Udinese fans -- but he did n't expect to be the only one . A wine seller , he had been in the city on business , having started the four-hour drive from the northeastern city of Udine that morning . "  When I travel to away matches , there 's about 200 or 80 of us but on Monday , because of the time of the game and the location I thought I would n't find more than five or six people there , " he said . "  When I got there I found out I was the only one . I understand that it 's cold now , it 's a long drive plus , the economic crisis does n't help , so people are not moving en masse as you would expect . I was lucky because I 'm used to traveling and just happened to be in the area . " The stewards at Stadio Luigi Ferraris gave him the option of sitting in the main stand , but Brovedani chose the deserted away end . Liverpool squeeze into Europe League knockout stages "  The home fans started booing , shouting and insulting ... the usual , " he said . "  But when I saw that the Udinese players were warming up I shouted out to them saying , ` Guys , I 'm all alone here . Alone ! You can hear me now but you wo n't be able to hear me once the game starts ! ' "  When the home fans eventually understood what was happening , they gave me a huge round of applause . They were cheering even though Sampdoria lost the game in the end . They were actually really nice -- they offered me food and coffee and the club manager gave me a shirt , which was nice . " Brovedani has since been swamped with media requests as the popularity of his story grew . He said he has been invited to a Premier League game in England by broadcaster the BBC , Udinese officials have asked him to come to the club 's next home match and Italian TV stations "  keep calling me . " "  I do n't think it 's that big a story -- there are so many keen fans that really never miss a game , so I 'm sure I 'm not the first one ! " he said . Udinese , which last season finished third in Serie A to qualify for the preliminary rounds of Europe 's top club competition this term , has an average home attendance of 18,000 . Monday 's 2-0 win at Sampdoria lifted the team into the top half of the table , with captain Antonio Di Natale among the scorers . He personifies the fierce loyalty the club inspires , refusing lucrative offers to join bigger sides . Brovedani , meanwhile , is happy to support anything from his home region . "  I 'm not a representative of the Udinese fan club , I 'm just passionate about all things that my region has to offer -- from sports to food and everything inbetween , " said Brovedani , who hails from the town of Spilimbergo . "  I 've been a Udinese fan for years , since I was a little boy . Udinese represents my region : if you come from Friuli , you have to be a Udinese fan . "  I always carry a flag and my scarf with me in the car . Whenever there is a sporting event that involves people from my region I just go along , because I 'm very proud of my origins . " The supporters of English club Liverpool traditionally sing the anthem "  You 'll never walk alone " -- and from now on it can apply to at least one Italian fan . A new ` dark age ' for English football ?	Story of Italian soccer club 's lone supporter sweeps the internet Arrigo Brovedani was outnumbered by 15,000 Sampdoria fans on Monday The 37-year-old says he did n't expect to be the only Udinese fan present He says he has been besieged by media requests , including an invite to England
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- The doctor currently in charge of Gabrielle Giffords ' neurological recovery , the man who 's had his very hands in Giffords ' brain , was once mistaken for a kung fu expert . It was 1972 , and the second-graders at Ed Smith Elementary School in Syracuse , New York , did n't quite know what to make of Dong Kim , the boy who 'd just arrived from Korea . "  There were probably not that many Asian people there at that time , so a lot of the kids just assumed I knew kung fu , " Kim remembered , laughing . "  I got some notoriety out of that . I knew nothing about kung fu , but I could kind of fake it and impress people , or at least impress other 7-year olds . " That boy grew up to be chairman of the director of the Mischer Neuroscience Institute at Memorial Hermann Texas Medical Center . Giffords came under his care last week when she was transferred to Texas from the University Medical Center in Arizona . On Monday , Kim removed a drain from Giffords ' brain , which had been placed there to remove excess fluid . Kim , whose father was studying library science at Syracuse University , recalls his early days in the United States sitting in a classroom not understanding anything "  a little anxiety-provoking , but I felt pretty comfortable . " He enjoyed math from the beginning , since the numbers made sense , and within the year , he learned English . "  I do think that the immigrant experience is quite a strong one , " he said . "  I remember growing up feeling strongly that my parents had come here for me and my sister . I remember them commenting over and over again what a great country this was and how we 're lucky to be here . I think that kind of instills in you that you 're getting this real opportunity and you should try to take advantage of it . " Kim 's family later moved to Southern California , and he received his bachelor 's degree from Stanford University . Medicine was not his first love . "  At 18 or 19 , I was trying to write the great American novel , but I would stare at the page for an hour and half and get two sentences out , so that 's not good , " he said , laughing . "  What I wrote did n't read well , even to me . " By his junior year at Stanford , Kim had taken an interest in medicine , and he received his medical degree from the University of California-San Francisco . Within a few years of finishing his residency , he arrived at one of his chosen fields of research , the genetics of brain aneurysms , a condition in which a blood vessel bulges out and can later rupture and bleed , causing a stroke . His interest lay partly in his own family history . Three of his four grandparents died of brain hemorrhages , or bleeding in the brain , as did his 37-year-old uncle , a surgeon who Kim says was kidnapped by the North Koreans . Kim and his team discovered several genes related to aneurysms . He had his parents tested , and both were negative . Another area of research involves using stem cells from a patient 's skin to treat spinal cord injuries . The treatments they developed have allowed paralyzed rats to walk again , and they hope to begin studies in humans in the next two to three years . Kim says his favorite part of his work is when a patient returns to his office after undergoing a traumatic illness , such as a brain injury , stroke or tumor . "  When I first meet a new patient with a new problem , it 's tough for everybody . They 're upset . I 'm worried about them . I feel for what they 're going through , and it 's the best thing to get them through it , " he says . The hardest part of his job is when things do n't go so well . Sometimes , for example , he has a patient with cancer , and there are few treatments . Or "  even worse , " he said , is when a patient has a surgical complication . "  No matter who you are , a few times a year , that happens , and the thought that you did something , even though you were trying to help them , and things did n't go well , is very , very difficult , " he says . "  But nobody 's perfect , and you ca n't have a 100 % success rate . " As for his most famous patient , Kim has very little to say aside from a few comments at news conferences . At a recent interview with CNN , a public relations representative from his hospital interrupted whenever a question was asked about Giffords . When asked whether he could n't speak because the hospital had limited him or because Giffords ' family had asked him not to , he laughed . "  I do n't know if I can comment on not commenting , " he said . "  It would be dishonest if I said  treating Giffords  was n't different , because there 's all this scrutiny . Everybody 's calling , " he added . "  Certainly , that heightens the situation . " But he knows that doing anything different for her , breaking with regular protocol , would be a mistake . "  I think the best way to handle it is in the mechanics of care of the patient is to do everything the same , " he said . "  I think you can potentially get into trouble when you try to start doing things differently or making exceptions . "	Dr. Dong Kim in charge of Gabrielle Giffords ' neurological recovery Kim is chairman of the dept. of neurosurgery at the University of Texas Medical School Doctor says medicine was not his first love ; it was writing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday that he has been the victim of racial profiling but believes Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. could have been more patient with the police officer who arrested him . Former Secretary of State Colin Powell told Larry King that he has been subject to racial profiling . At the same time , Powell also faulted the Cambridge  Massachusetts  Police Department for escalating the situation beyond a reasonable level . "  I think Skip -LSB- Gates -RSB- , perhaps in this instance , might have waited a while , come outside , talked to the officer and that might have been the end of it , " Powell said in an interview with CNN 's Larry King . "  I think he should have reflected on whether or not this was the time to make that big a deal . Watch what Powell would advise Gates " "  I think in this case the situation was made much more difficult on the part of the Cambridge Police Department , " Powell said . "  Once they felt they had to bring Dr. Gates out of the house and to handcuff him , I would 've thought at that point , some adult supervision would have stepped in and said ` OK look , it is his house . Let 's not take this any further , take the handcuffs off , good night Dr. Gates . ' " Gates , a top African-American scholar , was arrested July 16 for disorderly conduct outside his Cambridge , Massachusetts , home after police responded to a report of a possible burglary . The charge was later dropped . Powell said that under the circumstances , Gates may not have been in the appropriate frame of mind to best handle the situation . "  He was just home from China , just home from New York . All he wanted to do was get to bed . His door was jammed and so he was in a mood where he said something , " Powell said . He recalled a lesson he was taught as a child : "  When you 're faced with an officer who is trying to do his job and get to the bottom of something , this is not the time to get in an argument with him . "  There is no African-American in this county who has not been exposed to this kind of situation , " Powell said . "  Do you get angry ? Yes . Do you manifest that anger ? Do you protest ? Do you try to get things fixed ? But it 's the better course of action to try and take it easy and do n't let your anger make the current situation worse . " The former secretary of state said he has been racially profiled "  many times , " including an incident that took place while he was the national security adviser to President Reagan . "  Nobody thought I could possibly be the national security adviser to the president . I was just a black guy at Reagan National Airport , " Powell said . "  And it was only when I went to the counter and said , ` Is my guest here waiting for me ? ' that someone said , ` Oh , you 're Gen. Powell . ' It was inconceivable to him that a black guy could be the national security adviser . " When asked how he dealt with the situation , Powell said , "  You just suck it up -- what are you going to do ? It was a teaching point for him . ` Yes , I 'm the national security adviser , I 'm black , and watch , I can do the job . ' " In the interview , Powell touched on other issues , ranging from North Korea to U.S. figures such as Sarah Palin and Rush Limbaugh . While North Korea may be "  bizarre , " he said , their negotiators are second to none . "  They are some of the best , toughest negotiators I 've ever dealt with , " Powell said . "  And you can read the whole history of our negotiations with North Korea , going back to the Korean armistice discussion , and you 'll find they know what their negotiating positions are , and they will drive you crazy , and they will use your impatience against you . " The former secretary praised the United States ' current top diplomat , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Powell said Clinton was handling North Korean relations "  properly " by insisting that dialogue with Pyongyang be limited to the six-party framework . Powell said Clinton seems to be "  in the mold of almost all secretaries I have known . " Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , he said , is a "  fascinating figure ... you have got to hand it to her . " Palin transferred power to Gov. Sean Parnell on Sunday . He repeated his assessment that the former Republican vice presidential candidate had not been ready for the Oval Office last fall , but said she was worth watching . "  Apparently , she is going to re-enter public life ... . We will have to see what her plans are , " he said Tuesday . "  I do n't know if she is doing all of this for political purposes or just to start a new life in the wonderful world of speaking . And we will all be watching with great interest . " Powell , who has previously been critical of radio host Rush Limbaugh , restated his opinion that members of his party ought to do the same . "  The problem I 'm having with the -LSB- Republican -RSB- Party right now is that when he says something that I consider to be completely outrageous and I respond to it , I would like to see other members of the party do likewise , but they do n't , " he said . Watch Powell talk about Limbaugh and the GOP " Asked whether he thinks Republicans are afraid to take on Limbaugh , Powell pointed out that several prominent Republicans have criticized Limbaugh but that "  within 24 hours , they were backing away because there is a strong base of support for Mr. Limbaugh . " Powell discussed his reaction to the news that then-Sen . Barack Obama had won the presidency . "  I cried , " he said . Powell was in Hong Kong to speak to Chinese leaders , and it was late morning in Hong Kong when the final votes were cast in the United States . "  I just sat down in a chair and said ` By God , we did it . ' There were people who said America could not do this , America would not do this , but he did do it . " The former top diplomat also had some advice for now-President Obama . "  Everybody comes into office -- the new president -- and they 're told by everybody ` You 've got to get it all done in the first year . ' Or ` the first hundred days are important , ' " Powell said . " ... You have to have a main attack , as we say in the military . You have to make sure you 're focusing on things that are most important . Not try to have a dozen main attacks at once because you end up sort of frittering your energy and your troops . "  Now President Obama is out there trying to solve all of the problems he said he would solve . And I think that he and his staff over time will start to do a better job , in my judgment , of setting priorities . " Powell did n't limit his advice to the president . He also offered counsel to his party . "  If the party is going to succeed in the future , the advice I 'm giving to my Republican friends is you 've got to find some way to reach out and draw moderates and independents more toward the right so that we can build a party that will win , " Powell said . "  A base , as I 've said before -- the base is no particular use if all you can do is sit on it and you ca n't build on it . "	Ex-secretary of state says Harvard professor should have stopped to think Powell also faults Cambridge Police for escalating the situation Former Alaska governor is "  fascinating figure , " he says Powell says North Korean negotiators are second to none
CNN  -- The Texas Giant roller coaster reopened Saturday with improved safety measures and long lines of eager riders , nearly two months after a woman plunged to her death while on the ride . Riders lined up at the roller coaster just after Six Flags Over Texas opened at 10:30 a.m. , and long lines were still there by evening , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . The Texas Giant had been closed since July 19 , when Rosa Esparza , 52 , fell out of a car and plummeted to her death . Her family filed a civil wrongful-death lawsuit Tuesday , accusing Six Flags of negligence . At 14 stories , the wood-and-steel coaster boasts a steep drop of 79 degrees and a bank of 95 degrees , according to Six Flags . The improved safety measures include a test seat at the ride 's entrance so riders can voluntarily check how well they fit into the seat . Cars have a newly designed "  T-bar " restraint along with seatbelts , WFAA reported . A nearby diagram shows the right way for the bar and belt to fit : both snugly at the rider 's waist . The wrong-way diagram shows the seat belt in the correct position but the metal bar well above the rider 's waist . "  You can tell they 're being extra-careful , " one rider told WFAA of park officials Saturday . According to the lawsuit , Esparza 's daughter , who was riding in front of her mother , heard screams and turned around to see her mother being thrown out of the car . Esparza was thrown against the ride and catapulted onto the metal roof of a tunnel below , the lawsuit says , dying from traumatic injuries . "  As Rosa Esparza 's tragic death starkly illustrates , errors on the part of the Six Flags Defendants turned a thrilling illusion into a nightmarish reality , " the lawsuit says . "  Customers of the park expect mock scares and delighted screams as they ride the Texas Giant roller-coaster , but they certainly do not expect to be placed in any real danger , whatsoever . " Six Flags spokeswoman Sandra Daniels responded in a statement Thursday , "  While our thoughts and prayers remain with Ms. Esparza 's family and friends , there are a number of inaccuracies contained in the recent lawsuit and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously . " Park officials said in a statement Tuesday that an investigation at the Arlington , Texas , park revealed that there had been no mechanical failure on the ride , but it declined to release more information because of pending litigation . Texas state officials have approved the reopening of the ride , the statement said , adding that it had undergone extensive testing . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas has been closed since the July death Rosa Esparza , 52 , was killed when she fell out of the ride Her family has filed a wrongful-death suit against Six Flags New safety measures include an improved safety bar and lap belts
CNN  -- A 12 meter yacht bobbing off the coast of England is about to be blown to smithereens . Or at least , that 's the plan . In a scene reminiscent of a James Bond film , the boat is slowly filled with gas while a sailor in a nearby vessel holds his finger over the detonator , ready to blow the floating target sky high . These are n't undercover spies , but sailing experts undertaking a controlled explosion as part of a series of ground-breaking experiments into nautical safety . Over eight months , the team from British magazine Yachting Monthly , took one boat and sank it , capsized it , ran it aground , set it on fire , and finally blew it up -- all in the name of safety . Their "  Crash Test Boat " series recreated eight nautical disasters -- ranging from a leaking hull to a dismasted sailboat -- to find the best methods for preventing and dealing with them . From January 2013 the incidents will be documented together for the first time in a new book titled , aptly enough , "  The Crash Test Boat . " The results featured in the book have turned much conventional sailing wisdom on its head and earned praise from both safety experts and readers across the world . "  These are rare situations and when they do happen , people are n't in a position to test every method for dealing with it , " Yachting Monthly technical editor , Chris Beeson , told CNN . "  For example , if your mast breaks off , the age-old answer was to use bolt croppers to cut away the rigging and prevent more damage . "  But we found that hanging over the edge of the boat while it 's rocking around like a fairground ride , with both hands on the croppers , was n't practical . A simple hacksaw , which you could use with one hand , was much more effective . " Roger Brydges , sailing accident investigator at the Maritime Accident Investigation Branch , said recreating sailing disasters to such minute detail had never been done before . "  Being able to monitor the effects and test a range of responses was invaluable , " he added . The Crash Test Boat series was first floated as Beeson and fellow sailing enthusiasts mulled over enduring maritime questions such as : ` What would you do if your mast fell over ? ' or ` How would you survive in a capsized boat ? ' "  We wanted to take theses problems and deal with them in real life , " he said . Each experiment was modeled on real-life disasters , such as the 1979 Fastnet race in which storms in the Irish Sea capsized many of the competing yachts , resulting in 15 deaths . The series ended quite literally with a bang , in an impressive gas explosion . Though it very nearly did n't get off the ground to begin with . "  The authorities were telling us that a gas explosion was too dangerous , that we were crazy , " former Yachting Monthly editor Paul Gelder said . "  We were considering everything -- traveling the 12 mile  19 kilometer  limit into international waters to escape the rules , even using a special effects expert from the Harry Potter films to simulate an explosion . " After finally gaining permission to carry out the explosion , the boat was anchored in a 200 meter exclusion zone and Royal Navy explosives experts were enlisted to set up the blast . But after an anxious 25 minute wait , the flash igniters set up around the leaking gas pipe failed to go off . Deflated but still determined , the team vowed to give it one last shot . This time , the explosion was detonated by a wireless trigger -- and it did n't disappoint . "  There was a brief orange fireball followed by the explosion . A hundred pieces of debris were hurled skywards amidst a plume of smoke , " says the report in the book . "  The scale of the carnage was clear -- the entire coach roof had been blasted off the hull . " For the team , the explosion was also a thrilling chance to live out a few Bond-style fantasies , as Gelder said : "  How many people get to blow up a 40 foot  yacht  as part of their job -- and all in the name of safety ? " Now a battered mess , the Crash Test Boat continues to educate the public , exhibited at boating shows across Britain and used as a teaching aid at the International Boat Building College in Suffolk . "  A bit like the equivalent of a dead body in an anatomy class , " Gelder explained . Beeson says the boat 's greatest gift was showing sailors that "  you really can rely on yourself . " "  All the situations are recoverable . Your boat wo n't sink if there 's hole in it . If your mast falls down you can still row to shore . The real importance of these tests was getting definitive answers in situations where people might normally panic . "	12-meter yacht is sunk , capsized , set on fire and blown up -- all in the name of safety Team of British journalists conduct experiments as part of "  Crash Test Boat " series Using shock-resistant cameras , footage is posted on Youtube , attracting over 1mill hits Ground-breaking tests into nautical safety available for first time in new book
CNN  -- We had joy . We had fun . We had loathing . In 2006 , this website conducted a highly unscientific survey to find the worst song of all time . One year stood out in its bad-song production : 1974 . That included two of the top five -- Terry Jacks ' "  Seasons in the Sun " and the runaway top choice , Paul Anka 's "  Having My Baby " -- and several more leading vote-getters , including Paper Lace 's "  The Night Chicago Died , " Maria Muldaur 's "  Midnight at the Oasis " and Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods ' "  Billy , Do n't Be a Hero . " Summer rewind : Looking back at 1974 And yet the year was n't a pop-cultural wasteland . Far from it , as a matter of fact . As a year for movies , 1974 is often ranked as the best since the sainted slate of 1939 . The releases included best picture winner "  The Godfather Part II , " "  Chinatown , " Mel Brooks ' one-two punch of "  Blazing Saddles " and "  Young Frankenstein , " not to mention disaster movies , revenge flicks , conspiracy thrillers and family features . It was enough to make you kiss your movie theater while kicking your radio . These days , that kind of movie mix is almost unimaginable , when studios race to dominate box-office weekend tallies with comic-book blow - 'em - ups . And music ? Depends whom you ask , though it has certainly splintered over the last four decades . What gives ? ' I think the country was exhausted and traumatized ' It 's worth a look back at an unbeloved year . With President Richard Nixon 's resignation , the wind-down of the Vietnam War , the end of the Arab oil embargo , the rotting of New York , bad weather outbreaks and failing governments , it was a fatiguing time . "  I think the country was exhausted and traumatized by all the hubbub that was going on , " says UCLA professor Mitchell Morris , the author of "  The Persistence of Sentiment , " a book about 1970s pop music . In addition , the events "  took the wind out of the sails " of the counterculture , which had been setting musical trends since the mid-1960s , says Georgia Tech performance studies professor Philip Auslander . Into the breach came escapist and comforting songs appealing to a new generation . Escapism and comfort often get a bad rap in pop music , Morris observes . If you 're a teenager or college student trying to impress your friends and form your own cool identity , the last thing you want to confess is a fondness for "  Seasons in the Sun . " But that sort of feeling is underrated , he observes . "  One of the important roles that rock 'n' roll has played is it 's the music you can use to piss off your parents , " he says . "  But  sometimes music is for solace . We do n't like things that too obviously want to be liked . But what 's wrong with wanting to be liked ? " Reinforcing confusion At the movie theater , on the other hand , a lot of the hits were anything but comforting . Instead , they reinforced the confusion of the times . One reason is that the movie counterculture had risen to positions of power while the old studio system was falling apart . Directors such as Francis Ford Coppola and William Friedkin liked to shake up their bosses -- and the audience . "  There 's sort of this brief period where Hollywood studios are willing to take a chance on smaller-budget , more independent-minded films , mainly trying to reach out to the countercultural audience that had emerged during the late 1960s , " says Rodney Hill , a film professor at Hofstra University . That audience had made hits of such films as "  Easy Rider , " "  The Last Picture Show , " "  The French Connection " and "  American Graffiti , " among many . In fact , Coppola 's original "  Godfather "  1972  -- a gangster epic with some New Hollywood twists -- was the highest-grossing film ever at the time . The burst of creativity reached a peak in 1974 with a number of films that were both critically praised and financially successful . Coppola 's "  Godfather Part II , " despite its three-hour-plus running time and complicated structure , was the fifth biggest-grossing film of the year . Roman Polanski 's "  Chinatown , " a hard-boiled Los Angeles mystery , and Martin Scorsese 's "  Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore , " about a single mother 's attempt to build a life , also finished in the top 20 . Brooks ' comedies "  Blazing Saddles " and "  Young Frankenstein , " the first as anarchic as the latter was meticulous , were No. 1 and No. 3 . The year 's other hits included the conspiracy thriller "  The Parallax View , " the vigilante drama "  Death Wish , " Burt Reynolds ' prison comedy "  The Longest Yard " and the gritty "  The Taking of Pelham One Two Three . " ` Boy , do we need it now ' However , years are never that simple . Pop music had more variety than its bad-music boosters might remember . Joni Mitchell had her biggest success with the album "  Court and Spark . " Philadelphia International Records had big hits with the Spinners , O'Jays and the eventual theme to "  Soul Train , " "  TSOP  The Sound of Philadelphia  . " Stevie Wonder was at his "  Fulfillingness ' First Finale " zenith . And movie audiences still hungered for old-fashioned pleasures . Disaster films , the all-star forerunners of today 's CGI destruct-o-ramas , had both traditional heroes -- Steve McQueen 's fire chief in "  The Towering Inferno , " Charlton Heston 's pilot in "  Airport 1975 " -- and the latest in special effects . There were also heartwarming , family-friendly hits , including "  Benji " and "  The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams , " two low-budget , no-star successes aimed at Middle America . The slogan for "  That 's Entertainment , " a hit collection of MGM musical clips , summed up the feeling : "  Boy , do we need it now . " But even "  That 's Entertainment " was n't without its 1974 ironies , says Peter Alilunas , a media studies professor at the University of Oregon . "  MGM was falling apart . In that movie  the stars are  literally touring the destroyed back lot , " he says . The personal touch What can we make of all this ? If 1974 did anything , it was lay the groundwork for the future . The music business was getting shaken up . Disco started making inroads . Punk was on its way , being birthed in downtown New York . "  The paradigms are about to shift , " says Georgia Tech 's Auslander , pointing out that the year 's anomalies would n't be anomalous for long . And movies ? They were going the opposite direction , getting ready to embrace the escapist blockbuster and wide openings . First came 1975 's "  Jaws " and then , two years later , 1977 's "  Star Wars . " The suits reasserted control and the days of the New Hollywood ended . "  The studios are reminded , with one movie we can make as much profit as we do with all those others , " says Hofstra 's Hill . The shift continues to play out today . In the blockbuster era , it 's become increasingly rare for a dialogue-heavy drama or awards-season favorite to break through . Tentpoles falling , ` Gravity ' rising , money spinning : The year in movies 2013 The music business , on the other hand , has gotten more chaotic and splintered . Whatever : Grumblers can take refuge in micro-genres and , thanks to their Pandora recommendations , never have to listen to the kind of variety AM Top 40 -- which was fading in 1974 -- used to symbolize . Do you remember rock 'n' roll radio ? That 's one kind of personalization . But what 1974 offered was a different kind , says Morris . Great filmmakers were following their muses and doing well . And heard today , even its much-maligned music has its charms , he says . "  There 's a sense that  the artists  have n't done their market research , " he says . "  They do n't know what people necessarily want , so you get things that are very quirky at times . " That season , you might say , is all gone .	1974 featured some much-maligned pop songs but great movies Year was fatiguing , with Nixon , Vietnam finally leaving stage Pop was in statis at the time , getting segmented ; movies reveled in chaos Some patterns still borne out today
CNN  -- While all about him were losing their heads , Roger Federer kept his cool . In a week when grand slam champions have been falling like flies at the Australian Open , the old master survived a fourth-set fightback to defeat world No. 4 Andy Murray 6-3 6-4 6-7  6-8  6-3 . Federer 's win means he advances to the last four in Melbourne for the 11th year in a row , with his archrival Rafael Nadal standing between him and a sixth final . Top seed Nadal had beaten Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov earlier on Wednesday to continue his bid for a 14th grand slam title . Federer and Nadal met in the semifinals two years ago , the latter emerging victorious , while the Spaniard holds a 22-10 winning record over the Swiss star having won the last four matches between them . "  He 's been tough to play against , no doubt , " Federer told reporters when asked about Nadal . "  I 'm happy I get a chance to play him in a grand slam again . I do n't remember the last time we played . " Federer recently recruited six-time grand slam winner Stefan Edberg to his coaching team , with the Swede set to spent 10 weeks working with the former world No. 1 throughout the season . With Edberg now onside , Federer is hoping he can reverse his fortunes against Nadal . "  The head-to-head record is in his favor , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  I 'm looking forward to speaking to Stefan , because when we spoke together , you know , when he came to Dubai and we spoke about the game , we clearly spoke about playing Rafa , as well . "  He thought he had some good ideas , so I 'm looking forward to what he has to say . " Nadal narrowly avoided joining second seed Novak Djokovic -- beaten by Federer 's compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka on Tuesday -- on the sidelines , eventually overcoming Dimitrov , the Bulgarian 's cheering section and a nasty blister on the Spaniard 's left palm . The world No. 1 prevailed 3-6 7-6 7-6 6-2 , saving three set points in the third set . "  I was so lucky , " Nadal said in an on-court interview . "  I felt anything could happen in the third set . "  A lot of Bulgarians here today . Thanks everyone for supporting -- it was a great atmosphere . I hope you enjoyed it . I suffered a lot . " Nadal said the blister , which troubled him in the previous round , particularly affects him on serve and he duly struck three double faults in one game . But it was Dimitrov -- the man , now to his dismay , still being compared to Federer because of their similar styles -- who faltered on the key points . He missed a makeable forehand and return on two of his three set points in the third . His backers were frequently out of their chairs chanting his name throughout the three-and-a-half-hour encounter , prompting one fan to counter , "  Shut up and sit down . " Dimitrov left the court in tears and then became emotional when speaking to reporters . "  It should hurt , and it does hurt , " said the Bulgarian .	Roger Federer beats Andy Murray to reach the semifinals of the Australian Open The sixth seed appears in the last four for the 11th year in a row 17-time grand slam winner Federer advances to a meeting with top seed Rafael Nadal World No. 1 Nadal defeats Grigor Dimitrov in his quarterfinal
CNN  -- If you live in the South , you probably know not to ask for a mustard-based BBQ sauce in North Carolina and you 'd never , ever think of using soap on your cast-iron skillet . But even if you call some corner of the South "  home , " you might not know how to properly shuck an oyster , prepare the perfect wedding toast or start a fire . It wo n't be held against you -- but bless your heart -- you might consider picking up a copy of "  The Southerner 's Handbook , " a new book from the editors of Garden and Gun magazine . With a name inspired by a long-gone late-night club in the magazine 's hometown of Charleston , South Carolina -- "  the Studio 54 of the South , " as editor David DiBenedetto put it -- Garden and Gun is n't just about gardens or guns . Nor is the magazine and its new book directed solely toward Southerners . More than 40 % of the magazine 's readership is based above the Mason-Dixon line , he said . It 's about the culture , people and places that make the South -- well -- Southern , with a strong sense of sophistication the region has earned . "  The Southerner 's Handbook " is billed as a "  guide to living the good life " and features illustrations , tips and tricks to help readers embrace Southern living . Yet despite the magazine 's predilection for all things Dixie , DiBenedetto says transplants to the South -- no matter where they hail from -- can benefit from flipping through the handbook 's pages . Here 's what DiBenedetto , a native of Savannah , Georgia , had to say about the book and modern Southern culture . CNN : Why a handbook ? DiBenedetto : The South is a vast place with pockets of culture that are really different from each other . If you 're in the low country , you better know how to shuck an oyster . If you 're in the Appalachian mountains , you better know when to find ramps . When it 's Mardi Gras , you 're gon na need to know how to avoid any throw up flying off a balcony . There are so many nuances to different parts of the South . So many traditions and passions , there are a lot of great skills that get passed down . The South has an unbelievable natural bounty ; we 've developed a set of skills to address that bounty . CNN : For someone who 's never been to the South , or is new here , what does it mean to be a Southerner ? DiBenedetto : It means to have pride in place ; it means to be connected to the land and to understand that land . So much of the book is a bit of tutorial , but it 's also about telling great stories . It 's about bringing people to the table , about having conversations . Food is a leveler , and Southern food unites us in so many ways . CNN : The topics addressed seem to range from outdoorsy -- the fastest way to start a fire -- to pretty sophisticated -- how to talk Faulkner . Is that what a Southerner is ? DiBenedetto : Around here we call it high and low . A Southerner is at home in a BBQ shack in the middle of nowhere ... and at the same time dressed in style in a black tie event . The South is these juxtapositions of high and low . To bridge the gap you have to experience them , you 've got ta be open to going to the middle of nowhere to a small BBQ shack in Mississippi . You have to be open to experience , open to listen to the folks that have experience , tradition and skills . If you 're willing to listen and learn , it 's all there for you . CNN : How could a transplant benefit from the handbook ? DiBenedetto : There is an unbelievable amount of details and information  in the book .  If you 're at a party and there 's football on , the book addresses great SEC football rivalries and why they 're important . You 'll also learn the difference between mustard and vinegar based BBQ sauces . There 's a lot to take away CNN : Why is it important that someone new to the South understand these two things ? DiBenedetto : I think it lets you get in on the conversation ; it lets you in on the party . To understand why the Alabama-Auburn game , which has been going on since the late 1800s and was postponed for a number of years because the rivalry was so intense , helps you understand how far football goes back in the South and what it means to football fans . The same way with pepper vinegar versus mustard sauce . It helps understand place , and so much of what the book is about is understanding place and tradition . CNN : How can already established Southerners use this book to up their game ? DiBenedetto : This being such a vast place in terms of different cultures and geography , there 's plenty to learn . There 's so much variety in the South and a variety of skill sets , even a Southerner would find plenty to enjoy in the book . CNN : There are phrases like "  Bless your heart " that mean something else entirely when said a certain way . What are the best phrases to learn that are genteel , yet communicate something deeper ? DiBenedetto : The go-to is "  Bless your heart " and how that can be said with tone or the way someone cuts theirs eyes . A Southern woman can say so much with the way she cuts her eyes when she says something . There 's a section of the book where we talk about the proper way to say goodbye . At the end of an evening the host might say "  Well , this has been a fun time . " It means what it sounds like -- it 's been fun , but it 's over now . While that 's not very Southern , it 's the Southern way to say "  Get out of the house . " CNN : Given the heat and humidity , clothing in the South can be as much about fashion as it is about function . Which wardrobe choices help beat the heat but still help maintain a Southern sense of style ? DiBenedetto : Seersucker . There 's a danger of overdoing seersucker , but if you 've got ta look stylin ' you can impart just enough Southern sense of style , and it 's still good for a hot climate . CNN : What are the three things any self-respecting Southerner should have on hand for impromptu entertaining ? DiBenedetto : Bourbon , proper seating and deviled eggs . CNN : Mastering all of the topics in the book seems a little intimidating , are there a few every transplant and Southerner should master ? DiBenedetto : Food and drink are so important to Southern culture . And understanding why is important . There are great recipes in the book and stories about food . Those two chapters are core . Southerners love to have a good time , they 're not afraid to have a good time . A lot of that centers around food and drink . We have parties where you bring out your grandmother 's pimentos cheese or deviled eggs and it 's about that tradition . Good food and drink leads to great stories . To master some of these basics is to be able to be in the conversation . To know what a cat head biscuit is and know how to make it , to understand why we crave and lust after the perfect fried chicken . Knowing that stuff gets you closer to the traditions and the passions and the people and the land .	The magazine Garden and Gun released "  The Southerner 's Handbook : A Guide to Living the Good Life " The handbook includes how-tos to "  Mardi Gras like a local " and "  Dance like a cowboy " Handbook editor David DiBenedetto says it 's for Southerners new and old
CNN  -- Afghans continued to grieve , and continued to fume , as a new day dawned on Sunday , exactly one week after a U.S. soldier -- described by some who knew him as "  happy " and a "  nice guy " -- allegedly went house to house , shooting dead 16 villagers . Much to the villagers ' disgust , decorated combat veteran Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales is more than 7,000 miles away from where he is suspected of single-handedly carrying out the grisly attack . Attorney Emma Scanlan said in a statement late Saturday that she and two other members of Bales ' defense team plan "  to spend several days meeting " with their client next week . She said others have accurately cast Bales "  as a level-headed , experienced soldier . " "  Sgt. Bales ' family is stunned in the face of this tragedy , but they stand behind the man they know as a devoted husband , father and dedicated members of the armed services , " Scanlan said . Bales is accused of leaving a remote U.S. combat outpost on foot before dawn on March 10 and killing people in their homes in villages in the Panjwai district of Afghanistan 's southern Kandahar province . He arrived late Friday at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , where he is being held in solitary pre-trial confinement at the Midwest Joint Regional Correctional Facility , the Army said Saturday in a statement . The chilling images of bloodied , limp bodies -- among the dead , nine children -- from that rampage are difficult to reconcile with positive recollections of some who know him growing up , as well as an official military account documenting his humanitarian battlefield exploits . Bales attended elementary , middle and high school in Norwood , Ohio , a suburb of just over 19,000 people , located five miles northeast of Cincinnati , according to people who knew him . Family friends who knew him growing up spoke highly of Bales . He played football and graduated in 1991 from Norwood High School . "  He was quiet , " one woman said . "  He 's just a very nice person , not arrogant , just a nice guy . " He then attended and played football at the College of Mount St. Joseph in Cincinnati , two family friends said Saturday . Records indicate Bales later lived at multiple addresses in the Columbus area , not far from Ohio State University . He joined the Army two months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and was assigned in September 2002 to Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington , according to a brief summary released Saturday by the Army . It listed multiple decorations for Bales , including three Army "  good conduct " medals . He deployed to Iraq right after the 2003 invasion and then again in 2006 , when he served 15 straight months as part of then-President Bush 's so-called surge of 20,000 additional troops . According to one of Bales ' attorneys John Henry Browne , the soldier was wounded that tour and had to have part of his foot amputated . An Army account recalled a 2007 incident in Iraq , when an operation to recover a helicopter that had been shot down near Najaf turned into more of a humanitarian one to help wounded civilians . Bales , who was serving then as a team leader , said he was "  proud " and his unit "  discriminated between the bad guys and the noncombatants and then afterward we ended up helping the people that three or four hours before were trying to kill us . " "  I think that 's the real difference between being an American as opposed to being a bad guy , someone who puts his family in harm 's way like that , " he said in the account , posted online in February 2009 . The soldier went to Iraq a final time between 2009 and 2010 , according to the military . This time , he suffered a traumatic brain injury after his vehicle flipped after striking a roadside bomb , his attorney said . Bales deployed to Afghanistan in January with the 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team , 2nd Infantry Division for his fourth combat tour . Before then , he 'd been living near Lewis-McChord with his wife and two young children in Lake Tapps , in a house that he and his wife purchased for $ 280,000 in 2006 , according to records . That two-story house was put on the market this week with a $ 229,000 asking price , according to realty records . It was vacant Friday afternoon , its front porch littered with boxes and children 's toys . Neighbor Cassie Holland described the Bales family as "  happy " and "  normal . " "  I mean , we would go over there for birthday parties and they would come to my kids ' birthday parties , " she said . "  I would describe  Bales  as super fun to hang around with , kind of the life of the party kinda guy . Super loving , great with his kids . I do n't see how this has happened . " Bales and his family "  were not happy " that he 'd been deployed to Afghanistan on what ultimately became his fourth combat tour , his lawyer said , citing conversations with the soldier 's family . "  He was told that he was not going to be redeployed , " Browne said . "  The family was counting on him not being redeployed . " According to excerpts of blog posts written by Bales ' wife a year ago and published Friday by The Tacoma News-Tribune , the family was disappointed that Bales had not been promoted to sergeant first class . "  It is very disappointing after all of the work Bob has done and all the sacrifices he has made for his love of his country , family and friends , " Karilyn Bales wrote . "  I am sad and disappointed too , but I am also relieved , we can finally move on to the next phase of our lives . " The family was preparing to move last year and hoped to be stationed in either Germany , Italy , Hawaii , Kentucky to "  be near Bob 's family , " or Georgia "  to be a sniper teacher , " she said , according to the News-Tribune . On the homefront , public records show that Bales had a brush with the law in 2002 , when he faced a criminal assault charge in a Tacoma court . He pleaded not guilty . A judge ordered anger-management counseling for Bales , the Wall Street Journal reported . The case was dismissed , records show . He has not yet been formally charged in relation to the Afghanistan killings , though the military has made a determination of probable cause that allows him to be detained . The military has seven days to bring Bales in front of a magistrate and 120 days to take him to trial , said Greg Rinckey , a former judge advocate . Neighbors and relatives of those killed , meanwhile , are demanding Bales return to Afghanistan to face justice . "  Punish him in Afghanistan . Put him on trial here and heal our broken hearts , " one villager told Afghan President Hamid Karzai during a meeting with the victims ' families on Friday . At this meeting , Karzai suggested U.S.-Afghan relations were at a breaking point . "  It is by all means the end of the rope here , " he said . "  The end of the rope that nobody can afford such luxuries anymore . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Casey Wian , Moni Basu , Chelsea J. Carter and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Sgt. Bales ' family is "  stunned " and stands by him , one of his lawyers says Family friends who knew Bales growing up speak highly of him Bales is accused of killing 16 Afghan villagers inside their homes last Sunday Villagers demand the soldier be returned to Afghanistan to face justice
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigerian authorities arrested 10 people believed to be gay men under a bill signed this week that bans same-sex marriages , a human rights group said . Police detained men in various states and have dozens of pending arrests based on perceived sexual orientation , according to Amnesty International . "  Those arrested under this draconian new legislation must be released immediately and the charges against them dropped . Locking someone up for their sexual orientation violates the most basic human rights standards , " Makmid Kamara , a researcher for the rights group , said in a statement Wednesday . Nigerian police spokesman Frank Mba angrily suggested no one had been arrested due to the new law . "  I challenge Amnesty International to publish details of persons alleged to have been arrested in connection with the new anti-gay law , stating clearly when they were arrested , where they were arrested , the police station or department that carried out the arrest , etc. , " Mba told CNN Thursday . "  The new anti-gay law is primarily designed to prevent same sex marriages and unions in Nigeria . So far ,  to the best of our knowledge  no Nigerian has come out to declare his intention of engaging in such an illicit union . Therefore , the question that naturally arises is : how can the police arrest ` suspects or offenders ' not known to them or to the law ? " In Bauchi state , Amnesty said an assistant commissioner of police confirmed that authorities had placed "  a list of suspected gay people " under surveillance . The group said police arrested the men in Anambra , Enugu , Imo and Oyo states . "  Reports that the police in one state are apparently drawing up lists of members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex community to target are extremely worrying , " Kamara added . Mba took issue with that claim as well . "  Who is this assistant commissioner of police ? Amnesty International should provide his name and designation . Without providing details of the sources of their stories , third parties like CNN can not independently verify the authenticity or accuracy of such stories . The anonymity of the story raises a big credibility question . "  Bauchi State Police Command alone has a total of seven assistant commissioners of police . There are hundreds of ACPs nationwide . Thus , without properly identifying the ACP in question , I will treat the story as mere fiction . " President Goodluck Jonathan signed the bill Monday after parliament passed it last year , despite international pressure against it . It bans same-sex marriages and civil unions , and includes sentences of up to 14 years in prison for gay couples . The bill also forbids the operation of gay clubs , societies or meetings in Nigeria . The punishment for such acts is 10 years in prison . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry joined the United Nations in condemning the bill . "  This law dangerously restricts freedom of assembly , association and expression for all Nigerians , " Kerry said . "  People everywhere deserve to live in freedom and equality . No one should face violence or discrimination for who they are or who they love . " U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon expressed concerns , saying he was alarmed by reports of arrests and torture . He said he fears the bill will lead to violence and discrimination . . Last month , the Ugandan parliament passed controversial legislation that would make some gay acts punishable by life in prison . President Yoweri Museveni has not signed it yet . Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era . The laws are perpetuated by cultural and religious beliefs . Punishments across the continent range from fines to years in prison . Last year , a Pew Research Center report found African and Muslim nations are the least accepting of homosexuality . Of the 39 countries surveyed , Nigeria was the most intolerant . At least 98 % of respondents in the nation said homosexuality is unacceptable . CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers reported from Lagos , and Faith Karimi from Atlanta . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Police spokesman denies arrests , denounces Amnesty report as fiction Police also compile a list of people for surveillance At least 98 % of respondents in the nation say homosexuality is unacceptable Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations
CNN  -- Jenson Button underlined the potential strength of the McLaren-Mercedes in 2012 with a convincing victory in the Australian Grand Prix at Albert Park , Melbourne , the opening race of the new Formula One season . Button had a quicker start than teammate and fellow-Briton Lewis Hamilton , who was on pole position , and never looked likely to relinquish his advantage , despite the intervention of the safety car giving some brief hope to world champion Sebastian Vettel . Vettel overtook Hamilton after the safety car was deployed on lap 38 when the Caterham of Vitaly Petrov stalled on the track and , for a moment , the German 's Red Bull threatened to catch Button . Latest Formula One standings But 2009 champion Button began pulling away once again and took the chequered flag a comfortable 2.1 seconds ahead of Vettel , with Hamilton a further 1.9 seconds adrift in third position . Vettel 's teammate , local favorite Mark Webber , ensured McLaren and Red Bull took the first four places , while two-time world champion Fernando Alonso produced a superb drive to finish fifth for Ferrari , despite starting a lowly 12th on the grid . Japan 's Kamui Kobayashi finished an impressive sixth for Sauber while 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen came home seventh in his Lotus on his return to the sport after two years in rallying . The second Sauber of Mexican Sergio Perez finished eighth while Daniel Ricciardo ensured both Australian drivers ended up in the points by securing ninth place for Toro Rosso , just ahead of Force India 's Paul Di Resta . Button , who has now won at Melbourne in three of the last four years , told the official Formula One website : "  Every win means a lot and , for us as a team , it really shows how important the winter is . "  We 've had a strong winter , Saturday 's qualifying really showed that , so it 's nice to come away with a victory in the first race of the new season . " Vettel , who is bidding to win a third successive world title , was philosophical in defeat , adding : "  Jenson drove a fantastic race and was unbeatable , but I 'm very happy to finish second , it 's a lot of points . "  I think a lot of people would not have expected that after our performance in qualifying but I think we had a better car in the race and it seems to have a lot of potential , " added Vettel .	Jenson Button dominates season-opening Australian Grand Prix for McLaren 2009 world champion Button claims his third Melbourne victory in four years Defending world champion Sebastian Vettel is second with Lewis Hamilton third Local favorite Mark Webber and Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso complete the top five
CNN  -- People have strong views about the way police officers treat minorities -- and they 're eager to share those opinions . That became clear after CNN asked people on Twitter to use #AskACop to pose questions to police officers . Police conduct has been in the spotlight since the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner . The idea was that the network would use that hashtag to mine social media for questions to ask current and former police officers for a show that aired Tuesday night . People on Twitter responded in force , making #AskACop a trending hashtag well into Wednesday . People posted message after message -- but many of them were eager to make a point rather than ask a question . This reaction was not necessarily what was intended when the network asked : "  Are you curious about the police point of view re : recent US protests ? " for the show on Tuesday night . The show featured a calm , civil , evocative conversation with police officers . What unfolded online was a different story , with the proposal stirring up a lot of raw emotion . A majority of these tweets echoed the views of protesters in recent weeks , who have loudly railed against police in America for -- in their opinion -- profiling African-Americans . Many of them claim that Brown , Garner and other unarmed black men who died at the hands of white police officers might still be alive today if not for the color of their skin . Some were sarcastic , like one man who asked , "  if 1 Black man has zero guns , zero knives and 2 hands , how many bullets does it take to disarm him ? " Another on Wednesday openly wondered , "  If I 'm only a quarter black do I get the benefit of the doubt before you shoot me ? " Others expressed the distrust some minorities have for police nowadays . For example , a "  young black/Hispanic woman " asked , "  Any tips for who I 'm supposed to teach my future children to go to if they need help ? " Some slammed what they called the "  senseless , excessive force and police brutality " of some officers . One person suggested that the words "  Seek and Destroy " rather than "  Serve and Protect " should be on cruisers . And one wrote , "  When you were a child , did you want to grow & do heroic things ? What went wrong ? " Of course , even if such voices dominated #AskACop , this debate is anything but one-sided . Many have defended police , saying they put their lives on the line daily and must make difficult , split-second decisions intended to save others . They say police are civil servants who work , day and night , to make this country safe -- not to divide it . That sentiment was reflected some on Twitter , like one person who posted a picture of three white officers surrounding a young , handicapped black boy with the words , "  Defend our first responders . " Another wrote , " #AskACop if they know people are praying every day that they make the right choices in their stressful jobs . " At the least , the #AskACop hashtag showed that , while grand juries have their made decisions on the deaths of Brown and Garner , this debate is n't over . Whether intended or not , this social media endeavor became another forum for people to voice their strong views on this topic . As one man tweeted , "  if you really want to see what the public thinks of police officers just take a look at #AskACop . " .	CNN starts #AskACop so people can pose police questions amid great debate Many Twitter users pick up on the hashtag , using it to vent at police officers Some suggest black people are treated differently , more at risk from police "  Just take a look at #AskACop " to see public 's view of police , one man tweets
CNN  -- All 25,000 people living in a refugee camp in Sudan 's Darfur region have fled amid fighting between armed militia groups and Sudanese government forces , U.N. officials said Friday . Many of the refugees have sought shelter in nearby Kutum town or the Zariba area , the African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur  UNAMID  said , but lack water , food and sanitation . The U.N. humanitarian agency OCHA said reports indicated that the entire population of the Kassab camp had "  fled because of the fighting . " The camp in North Darfur housed those who had already been displaced from their homes during nine years of conflict in the region . Chris Cycmanick , head of media relations for UNAMID , told CNN that many people had fled Kutum as well as the Kassab camp . "  It is a complex situation with multiple armed groups , " he said , describing the fighters as tribal militia . "  What the people have asked for mostly is security and medical care , so we are trying to provide that , " he said . "  They say they want to return to Kassab camp , but very few of them have returned . " Cycmanick said Darfur was still troubled , although the media has largely turned its attention to South Sudan and the Arab Spring "  The situation is troublesome , it is not supposed to be happening in Darfur , but there is still fighting going on , " he said . "  Between 2010 and 2011 , we saw a decrease in civilian casualties here . But recently , there has been an uptick in criminal activity . " Those newly forced from their homes say they fear to return unless security is improved . "  We are afraid to return to the camp , because armed men may come back to attack us , " Fatima Adam Badaui , a woman from the Kassab camp , told UNAMID . Asked if the organization was doing enough to safeguard civilians , Cycmanick said : "  I think there is always more that can be done . We are in a difficult situation . We are looking at a sovereign country . It is ultimately their responsibility to protect the civilian population . " President al-Bashir feels heat from ` Sudanese Spring ' In its weekly bulletin , the OCHA said it had "  received reports of looting of houses of displaced people , markets and businesses " in the camp and Kutum town . Members of the Sudanese Armed Forces removed the "  armed tribesmen " from Kutum town last Saturday , but the militiamen returned a day later to fight again , the OCHA said . "  It has not been possible to determine the number of civilians killed and injured , " the agency said . "  During the violence , the premises of five humanitarian organisations were looted . Humanitarian staff have been evacuated to El Fasher town . " A UNAMID statement Monday said the violence began after an incident on August 1 , when three armed men carjacked the local district commissioner and his driver and shot them dead . "  Subsequently , on the same day armed men surrounded Kassab , looted the market , burnt down the Sudanese Police post in the camp and reportedly killed four persons  three civilians and one police officer  and injured six others , " the statement said . Security continued to deteriorate over the following days in Kutum town , Kassab camp and another camp , Fataborno , "  including fighting between the armed elements and government forces , as well as looting and displacement of civilians , " it said . UNAMID said it had bolstered its presence in the camps and urged the government to protect civilians there . Four days later , all those living in the Kassab camp have fled . Conditions for the refugees now in Kutum are poor , with the majority of those displaced from the camp living in open areas without basic services , such as clean water , food , sanitation facilities and health care , UNAMID said Friday . "  The situation there is very bad , houses and shelters are crowded , the health situation is getting worse and they lack sufficient food , " said Altheir Ismail Ali , a community leader in the camp quoted by UNAMID . UNAMID said it had worked with local health officials and the World Health Organization to give medical aid to 170 people Thursday . They were treated for ailments including respiratory infections , trauma and malaria , as well as injuries that occurred during the attacks on the camp , UNAMID said . Children were also treated for fever and diarrhea . U.N. workers have also been giving out drinking water . The United Nations estimates as many as 300,000 people have been killed and almost 3 million people have been displaced from their homes since the Darfur conflict broke out in 2003 . A paper published by the independent monitoring group Small Arms Survey last month , titled "  Forgotten Darfur : Old Tactics and New Players , " details how the violence in the troubled region continues . New non-Arab "  Popular Defense Forces " have been recruited , trained and armed by the Sudanese government since late 2010 to force Zaghawa rebel groups out of a swath of the eastern Darfur region , the paper says . As a result , about 70,000 people had been displaced by mid-2011 , and retaliatory attacks by both sides continue , it says . Meanwhile , aerial bombardment has continued to target rebel forces and civilian villages believed to support them , in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions , the paper says . Weapons and ammunition also continue to flow into the hands of proxy forces and government forces in defiance of a "  wholly ineffective " embargo on Darfur , it says . In March of this year , the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Sudan 's defense minister for 41 counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes allegedly committed in the Darfur region . Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein is wanted for actions from August 2003 to March 2004 in Darfur , where rebels have fought government forces and allied militiamen such as the Janjaweed since 2003 . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is also wanted for crimes against humanity by the ICC in connection with the Darfur conflict . Four ways social media could transform the conflict in Africa CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It is a complex situation with multiple armed groups , " says UNAMID spokesman All 25,000 inhabitants of the camp , which housed those displaced by conflict , have fled The violence started 10 days ago with attacks on an official and the Kassab camp , U.N. says Millions have been displaced and many killed in nine years of conflict in Darfur
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A bomb flattened a hotel Sunday in southwest Pakistan , killing at least 12 people , police said . The attack came hours after five rockets fired at a paramilitary training camp in the country 's tribal region killed three people , a paramilitary spokesman said . The incidents took place as Pakistan celebrate its Independence Day . The bomb was planted inside a hotel in Dera Allah Yar , a town in Balochistan province , said police official Israr Umrani . Dozens of people were inside the hotel when the blast took place , Umrani said . In addition to those killed , another 14 were wounded . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Balochistan is Pakistan 's largest province but also its poorest and most sparsely populated . In recent years , the province has been plagued by sectarian violence and separatist Baluch militant groups who demand political autonomy and a greater share of profits from the province 's natural resources . The earlier attack Sunday took place at the Tochi Scouts camp at Miranshah in North Waziristan . The rockets struck while the paramilitary group was preparing for an Independence Day parade , said Maj. Niaz Khan . In addition to those killed , 25 people were wounded , Khan said . The Tochi Scouts are a federally-controlled paramilitary force that has been primarily recruited from Pakistan 's tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . Pakistan celebrates its independence every year on August 14 , the day it was made an independent country based on borders created by the British as they ended their colonial rule in India . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : Hotel bombing kills 12 and wounds 14 others , police say Earlier , rockets struck a paramilitary training camp , killing three and wounding 25 , officials say The attacks came as Pakistan celebrates its independence
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Heavy flooding has left at least 50 people dead and hundreds homeless in South Africa 's Eastern Cape Province as residents continue to battle adverse weather conditions that have plagued the country since mid-December , authorities said Friday . "  We have requested the national government to declare the Eastern Cape a national disaster , " said Provincial Minister of Social Services Pemmy Majodina . "  We are going to need billions of Rands to help residents reconstruct their homes and repair the damage caused by the floods . " Dozens were killed as homes and buildings collapsed around them as a result of the flooding , which washed away bridges and destroyed roads , she said . Authorities continue to search for at least two flood victims , Majodina said . Many rural residents in the Eastern Cape live in mud hits that are unable to withstand heavy flooding . Eighteen others have died during recent electrical storms , Majodina added . In the neighboring province of KwaZulu Natal , at least 13 people have been killed by flooding and storms .	Adverse weather has plagued the country since mid-December Dozens were killed as buildings collapsed around them in Eastern Cape Province At least 13 people have died in the neighboring province of KwaZulu Natal
Legislation to allow same-sex marriage in England and Wales won passage Tuesday in the House of Commons . The vote was 366 for , 161 against . The bill now goes to the House of Lords , where it will face further opposition . A rebellion within Prime Minister David Cameron 's Conservative Party threatened to derail the bill . Tuesday brought the second day of discussions on the legislation . Members of Parliament voted Monday on a series of amendments to the Marriage  Same Sex Couples  Bill . Cameron backs the bill but his commitment to it has put him at odds with many in his own party and its grassroots supporters . The Conservatives govern in coalition with the Liberal Democrats . The bill was kept on track Monday thanks to the support of members of the opposition Labour Party , who voted to oppose an amendment that many Conservative rebels backed . Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ? The amendment , which was put forward by MP Tim Loughton , proposed extending civil partnerships to heterosexual couples as well as same-sex couples . Minister for Women and Equalities Maria Miller , the sponsor of the same-sex marriage bill , argued that this would result in significant expense and delay , thus derailing the whole bill . Labour leader Ed Miliband tweeted Monday : "  David Cameron 's inability to control his party must not be allowed to wreck the Equal Marriage Bill . Labour 's commitment unwavering . " A law recognizing civil partnerships in England and Wales was passed in 2004 . The Church of England is among the religious bodies opposed to the new legislation . The issue of same-sex marriage has exposed painful divisions within Cameron 's party , with many lawmakers already fractious over his position on Europe . Under pressure , Cameron 's government last week published a draft bill promising a referendum by 2017 on Britain 's membership of the European Union . The Conservative Party faces a political threat from the UK Independence Party , which has vowed to take Britain out of Europe . Controversy has also blown up following weekend UK media reports that quoted a senior ally of Cameron describing party activists as "  swivel-eyed loons . " In an effort to dampen the flames , Cameron sent an e-mail late Monday to party supporters , according to UK media reports , saying he was proud of their work and would "  never have around me those who sneered " at them . Same-sex marriage around the world The issue of same-sex marriage has also prompted wide disagreement elsewhere . On Saturday , French President Francois Hollande signed into law a bill allowing marriage and adoption for same-sex couples despite vocal opposition from many conservatives and the Catholic Church . The step made France the ninth country in Europe to allow same-sex marriage . If Uruguay and New Zealand enact legislation approved by their lawmakers as expected , the count of nations worldwide allowing same-sex marriage will rise to 14 . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 , with others following suit in Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . Argentina was the first Latin American nation to legalize such marriages , in 2010 . Other countries on the list are Denmark , Iceland , Norway , Portugal and Sweden . Many countries remain split over the issue . A Brazilian court this week issued a directive removing a barrier that had limited same-sex marriage , but no bill has made it through Congress . In the United States , the question went before the Supreme Court and justices are deliberating over the matter . Twelve U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized same-sex marriage . On the other side , many states have specific laws blocking same-sex couples from legally marrying . UK lawmakers approve same-sex marriage in first vote New Zealand 's Parliament votes to legalize same-sex marriage	House of Commons approves same-sex marriage PM David Cameron backs the bill , but many in his party oppose it Cameron is also under pressure from party members over Britain 's role in Europe The Church of England is among religious bodies opposed to same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal returned to singles action Wednesday at the Rogers Cup in Montreal but his comeback lasted just 36 minutes as his opponent , David Ferrer , was forced to withdraw with injury . Nadal was on court for just 36 minutes on his singles return . World No. 2 Nadal -- playing his first singles match since losing in the fourth round at the French Open -- was leading 4-3 by a break in the first set of the second round clash when fellow Spaniard Ferrer was forced to quit with a knee injury . Nadal , who had already played two doubles matches this week , said he was happy to be back on the court after spending two months on the sidelines with tendonitis in both knees . "  The first movements is tough and hard to move well and to feel confident when you are touching the ball . But that 's the normal thing . I must be happy , because I did n't play terrible , " said the 23-year-old , according to the ATP 's Web site . "  And the next round , I have another chance tomorrow to continuing to improve . Every match , every game is important to feel better for me . " Nadal faces Philipp Petzschner on Thursday after the German eliminated Spanish 15th seed Tommy Robredo 7-6 , 7-6 . Seventh seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also advanced , beating Germany 's Rainer Schuettler 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 to set up an all-French quarter-final against Gilles Simon .	Rafael Nadal returns to singles action at Rogers Cup in Montreal World No. 2 's return cut short as David Ferrer quits because of knee injury Nadal was leading 4-3 by a break of serve ; had been on court just 36 minutes Nadal : "  Every match , every game is important to feel better for me "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan has announced a ban on polio vaccines for children as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region , according to a statement by the Taliban . "  Polio drops will be banned in North Waziristan until the drones strikes are stopped , " said the statement , released Saturday . "  Almost every resident of North Waziristan has become a mental patient because of the drone strikes , which are worse than polio , " the statement continued . "  On one hand , the U.S. spends millions of dollars to eliminate polio , while on the other hand it kills hundreds with the help of its slave , Pakistan . " Pakistan remains one of only three countries that have yet to eradicate polio . Photos : Faces of the Taliban The country 's polio campaign made headlines last year when a Pakistani doctor was linked to a CIA operation to verify Osama bin Laden 's whereabouts with a door-to-door vaccination campaign in the town of Abbottabad , where the al Qaeda leader was hiding before he was killed . U.S. officials have said the plan did not work , but aid groups and Pakistani health officials have said the CIA 's alleged meddling with a vaccination campaign undermined Pakistan 's efforts to eradicate polio . Taliban commander Hafiz Gul Bahadur made the decision on the vaccination ban after consulting with other Taliban leaders , according to the statement . Bahadur commands the faction of the Taliban based in North Waziristan , the district Washington believes is the main safe haven for the Haqqani network and other militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . It 's not clear how Bahadur 's decree will impact the polio eradication campaign in North Waziristan or in nearby districts , where he does n't wield as much power . It is widely believed that Bahadur is allied with the Haqqani network and provides shelter for the group in North Waziristan . The United States has pushed Pakistan to launch an offensive against the militant groups in North Waziristan , but Pakistani military officials have resisted , saying their troops are stretched too thin . In April , U.S. President Barack Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser John Brennan acknowledged the use of U.S. drones . "  Yes , in full accordance with the law -- and in order to prevent terrorist attacks on the United States and to save American lives -- the United States government conducts targeted strikes against specific al Qaeda terrorists , sometimes using remotely piloted aircraft , often referred to publicly as drones , " Brennan said . Official : Drone strike kills four in Pakistan White House : Al Qaeda No. 2 leader is dead	The leader of a Taliban faction in North Waziristan says drone strikes are worse than polio The U.S. believes the district is a haven for the Haqqani network and other militant groups It 's not clear how the Taliban 's decree will impact the polio eradication campaign Pakistan is one of three countries that have yet to eradicate polio
It 's as simple as making eye contact and flashing a smile or knowing when to back off and stop talking so much . Social cues . Body language . Basic conversation . They make up the toolkit for meeting new people . But for those whose romantic realm is constructed entirely through social media and online dating , these intuitions might be eroding away . "  People have an easier time picking out an emoticon to display the emotion they are feeling rather than actually showing it on their face , " Blake Eastman , body language expert and founder of The Nonverbal Group , said . "  Unfortunately , for the past 10 years , people have been really confident behind the computer keyboard , but then you see them in person and things are very different . " Dating coach and author Adam LoDolce has a simple solution : meet people organically . But the paralyzing fear of rejection often can make us long for the distance technology offers . To help people overcome the anxiety of approaching someone new , LoDolce made a 45-minute film including his advice : "  Go Talk to Her . " Like Eastman , he believes that people are killing off social skills by hiding behind a glowing screen of information that offers no chemistry . "  People want to go back to the day where you 're sitting at a coffee shop , make eye contact and there is this mysterious moment where you do n't know each other , " LoDolce said . "  Online dating is one tool in the tool kit , but I think we as a society are seeing that there is still a real way to meet people . " How technology has changed romance Anti-social media Users mistake social media for being social . It is n't , Eastman said . Instead it creates a group of people that are highly connected online but feel socially isolated . "  We feel that we do n't need to look people in the eyes to communicate anymore -- a keystroke has replaced that look , " Eastman said . "  But at the end of the day , we 're designed for human contact , not a computer screen . " Online daters and social media users easily fall into a new way of communicating . Instead of the rules and social norms used in face-to-face meeting , they create ones for digital interfacing . But the rules are looser and harder to enforce , Patricia Wallace , psychologist and author of "  The Psychology of the Internet , " said . Psychologists highlight pitfalls of online dating "  When you 're in front of a computer or an iPad , you 're not interacting with a human face , " Wallace said . "  All of the millennia of evolution that helped us learn how to read all of the nuances to do that choreography of conversation are n't there . " Social media also allows "  loose ties " with acquaintances and low-risk ways of communicating . The fear of rejection when someone does n't answer a Facebook message lacks the impact of an ignored phone call , according to Wallace . But a general lack of satisfaction is perhaps the most noticeable effect of online dating . "  Online dating is like a buffet , " Marni Battista , founder and CEO of Dating with Dignity , said . "  People are ruling out more than they 're ruling in . After a date , they go home , get online and look for someone else . We 're in this digital instant gratification age , and there is no patience for the dating process . " The upside of online dating : Always a funny story to tell Bucking the standard Unfortunately , offline dating has lost some of its charm . Eastman believes that dates are too "  standardized , " especially in restaurants . A table in between two people -- staring at one another -- becomes an interview with adversarial posturing , he said . Keep the date moving along , stopping at a few places that will create an experience , which builds memories and intimacy , Eastman recommends . Shifting gender roles are also contributing to the confusion experienced on first dates . "  Men are almost afraid of being in the role of pursuing because they do n't want to be perceived as creepy , " Battista said . "  And successful , independent women still want men to step up . As a result , it 's almost like a standoff . " Rejection , the kind that manifested itself in the awkward insecurities of middle school and survived maturity , remains the biggest enemy of dating success , LoDolce said . "  People think that being rejected is going to be the worst moment of their life , " LoDolce said . "  This does not have to be the end of the world . " LoDolce , Eastman and Battista all coach clients in maneuvering the dating world . Here are some of their words of advice , especially for people re-entering offline dating : Reach a social peak Like preparing for a sprint , warm up to a peak social state when you 're going out , day or night . It makes you the person in the room that everyone wants to meet . "  When we 're nervous , we give off a bland , shy , introverted vibe with bad body language , " LoDolce said . "  Learn how to talk to new people -- fake it until you make it , smile as if you won the lottery , bring the energy . People remember the best five percent and the worst five percent of what you say , the rest is up to body language . " Laughing , smiling and talking all contribute to facial animation , something we gravitate toward as human beings . It shows that a person is listening and interested . Movement and clear communication are signs of a good date , Eastman said . Online dating and a formula for love Be self-confident and genuine "  What people really need is to be in that place of self-love and confidence , being authentic to who they are , " Battista said . "  Then you have a different energy out in the world -- you see yourself as a dater and on the market , and that confidence is attractive . " When approaching someone , be open , honest and genuine -- it creates an instant connection . If you think someone is stunning and you 'll kick yourself later if you do n't let them know , tell them , LoDolce said . Orient yourself Ever stand in line at Starbucks and hear someone mention a common interest ? Strike up a conversation , instead of sticking your nose in your phone . Take opportunities to practice being social everywhere . "  Understand when someone is orienting towards you -- it 's the best time to say something to them , " Eastman said . "  If we put ourselves out there for a little bit , it can be incredibly powerful in terms of what we get in return . " Young women dating even younger men Take your time One of the biggest mistakes people make is rushing into something and falling in love with who they want a person to be , and not the person , Battista said . "  Intimacy comes from slowly but surely discovering things about someone you never knew until you went through this phase of slow discovery , " LoDolce said . Many of these small discoveries can happen only in person , these dating experts say , so perhaps it 's time to close the laptop and take a walk .	Some dating experts say online dating has sapped our social skills Approaching people and starting conversations can be hard if you 're not used to it Users mistake social media for being social , says body language expert Blake Eastman Practice talking to others by striking up a conversation in the coffee line
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Mika knows how to dress for the occasion . Mika 's new album , "  The Boy Who Knew Too Much , " acknowledges some of his teen issues . The singer showed up to CNN.com 's interview in bright blue felt suspenders , or "  braces " as they 're called in his UK homeland ; "  suspenders " are the naughty things ladies wear to keep their stockings up . "  On CNN you 've got a thing about suspenders , do n't you ? " he says , referring to Larry King 's penchant for wearing them .  CNN International anchor Richard Quest is fond of suspenders as well .  "  So I thought , why not join the ranks ? " Not that Mika , born Michael Holbrook Penniman , likes to do what everyone else is doing . His 2007 breakout album , "  Life in Cartoon Motion , " introduced him as an eccentric , wild-haired singer with a falsetto voice that might 've seemed out of place on the modern pop scene . But he certainly commanded attention . Watch Mika hold the scene " Fueled by peppy hits such as "  Love Today " and "  Grace Kelly , " Mika 's bejeweled star shot high , with more than 6 million albums sold worldwide and top fashion designers wanting to dress him  Christian Louboutin designs shoes for the 6-foot-4 singer  . Mika , 26 , now has a follow-up album , "  The Boy Who Knew Too Much , " which addresses some of the awkwardness he experienced as a teen . "  I was terrified of talking to people , " he says . "  I was a bit of a loner . I 'm angry with myself about that . I wish I had more guts when I was younger because then I would 've said things to people 's faces instead of just running away all the time . " No matter . Now he just turns his gripes into songs . "  If you put a message and a catchy melody together , suddenly they want to listen to what you 're saying . That 's the thing about pop music : it hoodwinks you into listening to it before you even know what it 's talking about . I guess that 's why I fell in love with it . It 's funny because I think when you look at most of the people in the world who write pop music , they were never popular when they were younger . " Tracking Mika Mika kicks off a 10-city North American tour in Toronto , Canada , on October 12 . Check his Web site for dates , or just listen out for the "  doom da da di da di doom da da di da di . " Like pop , like comics Mika and his sister do all the illustrations for his album artwork and posters . Says Mika : "  I 'm a big illustration and comic book fan . In my eyes , comic books and illustration are the same kind of art forms . They 're immediate . It has to hit you really fast . Pop music works from the same principles . In comic books , you always have black outlines . It 's almost like the melody of a pop song is the black outlines you find in a comic book . " Mum kills the fun Mika had booked a luxury home in Beverly Hills , California , as a base to record his new album . But two days before he was to move in , his mother put the kibosh on the plans and insisted her son work from the same dingy apartment he recorded his debut . "  Mum said the more money you spend on your comfort , the worse your album will be . You make the choice . " He relented . Was it worth it ? "  No ! I still wish I stayed in the big fancy house . It would 've been a lot more fun ! " How high can he go ? Mika : "  Some people say I 've got a five-octave range , which is ridiculous . That would mean I 'd sing like Mariah Carey or that alien in ` The Fifth Element . ' And I 'm nothing like that blue alien . I 've got a range of about 31/2 octaves . "	Mika 's new album is "  The Boy Who Knew Too Much " Singer of "  Grace Kelly " says album is about awkward times as youth He 's had great success now , almost recorded new album in plush mansion Mother said he should n't , that comfort would make the album worse
CNN  -- Alvaro Bautista will start a MotoGP race from first on the grid for the first time in his short top-level career after outshining motorcycling 's big names in qualifying for Sunday 's British Grand Prix . The 27-year-old gave the San Carlo Honda Gresini team its first pole position since the late Marco Simoncelli topped the timesheets at Assen just over a year ago . The Spaniard , whose best race finish is fifth since his debut in motorcycling 's elite class in 2010 , headed off Yamaha 's American rider Ben Spies and Repsol Honda 's world champion Casey Stoner at Silverstone on Saturday . It is the first time since that Dutch race last June that pole has not been won by Stoner , Jorge Lorenzo or Dani Pedrosa "  I 'm really happy for myself and also pleased for the team . This pole position has n't happened by coincidence -- it is the fruit of a lot of hard work from all the guys who have all been giving 100 % and sometimes a little more , " Bautista . "  The conditions today were strange and difficult but we managed to find a good setting , I was up front for the whole session and set my fastest lap on my own . "  It started to rain for the last few minutes and nobody was able to improve their time but I still had a fresh tire to use and made a couple of mistakes on my best lap , so could have gone faster too . Tomorrow I start on pole and have a good race pace , so hopefully we can convert it into a good result . " Series leader Lorenzo will head the second row for Yamaha , almost half a second off Bautista 's fastest time , with Honda 's Pedrosa fourth and another Spaniard -- Hector Barbera on a Ducati -- setting the fifth quickest lap . American rider Nicky Hayden was seventh fastest , with his seven-time world champion teammate Valentino Rossi back in 10th after another disappointing session . Lorenzo , the 2010 world champion , leads Stoner by 20 points in the championship standings after winning three of five races so far this season -- including the last two in France and Catalunya .	Spanish motorcyclist Alvaro Bautista earns his first top-level pole position He will head the grid for Sunday 's British Grand Prix at Silverstone It is his team 's first pole position since Marco Simoncelli a year ago He breaks stranglehold of sport 's top three riders since Assen last June
There 's been a lot of news over the past few days about the hacker collective Anonymous . Last Friday , the group claimed to have posted an internal FBI conference call discussing investigations into Anonymous and the FBI acknowledged the call was intended to be private . This week , Anonymous posted e-mails that it claims are from an adviser to the Syrian president , suggesting how Bashar al-Assad could downplay violence in the country when he was interviewed by Barbara Walters last summer . So who is Anonymous ? Consider its motto : "  We are Legion . " In strict Merriam-Webster terms , legion means a group of fighters , a faceless army more powerful as a whole than each individual . Still maddeningly vague enough for you ? That 's the point . Anonymous takes great pains to be undefinable and amorphous . Because its members are impossible to isolate as a single thing , they 've been called pranksters and criminals . Some have dismissed them as nerds with too much free time . There are others , though , who contend Anonymous is the future form of Internet-based social activism . They laud the "  hactivists " for their actions . Wired has called Anonymous a culture , complete with its own "  aesthetics and values , art and literature , social norms and ways of production , and even its own dialectic language . " As for the literal operation of Anonymous , becoming part of it is as simple as going onto its Internet Relay Chat forums and typing away . There are numerous Twitter accounts which claim to be affiliated with Anonymous , and more websites that post and repost  known as mirroring  Anonymous content than there is room to mention here . The real-life people involved in Anonymous could be behind their laptops anywhere , from an Internet caf in Malaysia to a Michigan suburb . Anonymous appears to have no spokesperson or leader . One could participate for a minute or a day in a chat room , and then never go back again . It is poor etiquette to ask in a chat forum for real names or identifying information behind someone 's IM handle . You just trust that the others ' intentions , for the most part , are to serve the whole . Online discussions can eventually wind toward a "  vote " on whether to go after a target , which anyone in the chat can suggest , according to Gregg Housh , a Boston web developer who 's tried to explain Anonymous on many media outlets , including CNN.com . He says he 's not a spokesperson for Anonymous and that he merely observes Anonymous chats but does n't participate in its activities . "  If the group at that given time decides to go after a website and take it down , then that happens , " he said . "  If the majority of the people chatting disagree and make their case , then it wo n't happen . " It 's an uphill battle verifying information for stories about Anonymous . Law enforcement is in an equally tricky spot when pursuing Anonymous participants if authorities believe they have violated the law . There have been several arrests involving alleged Anonymous members , several of them teenagers . Over the past two years , Anonymous has been known primarily for attacks called DDOS , short for distributed denial of service , a kind of network stress test in which each attacker gives consent to have his or her computer linked to a bot net . The force of all those computers working together , focused on one site , overwhelms the targeted site 's server and consequently disrupts or takes the site down . DDOSing is the Internet equivalent of standing behind a much bigger guy in a fight that you 've started because you could never win the fight alone . Anonymous most recently claimed to take offline sites belonging to the FBI and the U.S. Department of Justice after an announcement that Megaupload fans were arrested .  What is Megaupload ? DDOS attacks made Anonymous famous in 2010 when it targeted the sites of MasterCard , Visa and PayPal . Anonymous claimed online that it was lashing out at the corporations because they had stopped doing business with WikiLeaks . Read more about Operation Payback . In 2010 , WikiLeaks leaked hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. intelligence documents on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well nearly a quarter million State Department cables . WikiLeaks editor and founder Julian Assange said at the time that he had no affiliation with Anonymous and nothing to do with the attacks . Since then Anonymous has branched out across the world , or at least caught the attention of hackers everywhere . In November , it claimed in an online video to have obtained information about people in Mexico who were leading double lives as drug cartel helpers . Anonymous never released that information , yet by that time the sensational claim itself had drawn a huge amount of media attention to the group . Anonymous grabbed many other headlines in 2011 , notably claiming that it attacked government websites in Tunisia and Egypt as a way to show support for protesters during Arab Spring uprisings . A video -- laced with Anonymous ' typical computer-voiceover -- appeared online during the January 2011 revolution . It threatened Egyptian authorities if they attempted to censor Internet access and other freedoms . "  Anonymous is you . You will not be denied your right to free speech , free press , free association and your universal right to freely access information both in real life and on the Internet , " the voice said . Anonymous had a hand in organizing and agitating in the Occupy movement throughout 2011 . Protesters have been seen at Occupy demonstrations across the globe wearing Anonymous ' distinctive Guy Fawkes mask , the same icon that appeared this week on sites carrying the alleged e-mails related to Syria .	Anonymous is an amorphous collective of hackers that are hard to define Anyone can be a member and the group has no spokesperson Anonymous has been making headlines since 2010 , most recently attacking the FBI The group claims to have leaked e-mails related to the Syrian president
WINFIELD , Missouri  CNN  -- Players on Francis Howell Central High School 's football team thought they would be doing their strength training in a weight room this week . Teens from miles around came to Winfield , Missouri , to help the community strengthen its levee Friday . But when team members learned that the community of Winfield -- 25 miles to the northwest -- needed help battling a swollen Mississippi River , they had no trouble choosing a different sort of workout . About 30 members of the team from the St. Charles , Missouri , area were among the hundreds of people filling and moving sandbags Thursday and Friday to bolster levees preventing the river from overcoming Winfield . "  We were going to be working out anyway , " said Devon Doll , a 17-year-old who plays cornerback for FHC . "  We just wanted to come out and help . " Parts of Winfield flooded this week because of failed levees , but authorities , locals and volunteers from elsewhere were working to reinforce levees that still were working . The National Weather Service said the Mississippi River at nearby St. Louis was cresting Friday and was expected to begin slowly receding Saturday . The football players were n't the only teens giving up their summertime activities to help the community . Watch volunteers fill sandbags " Erin Andres , a 17-year-old from O'Fallon , Missouri , normally takes summer trips to Florida to help build houses with Habitat for Humanity . This year , however , she could n't go , but she was more than happy to find she could be helpful closer to home . Erin and her younger sister went to Winfield with a few people from their church Friday morning . They helped fill sandbags and carry them to those who would transport them to the levee . Her house in O'Fallon , 15 miles south of Winfield , is n't threatened by the flooding , but she decided to help the Winfield effort because she wanted to "  help people that need the help . " "  Anyone who can help , should -- even if you 're not strong , " she said . "  If my 8-year-old sister is out here helping , anyone can help . It 's a good experience . " Erin said that if she was n't helping , she would have been hanging out with friends , something she was glad to put aside temporarily . The work also had a bit of benefit for her , she said . "  It takes care of my workout for the day , " she said . The football team helped from 7 a.m. to 2 p.m. CT Thursday and expected to help during the same hours Friday . Lincoln County authorities said that by about 2 p.m. Friday , sandbagging was suspended , with the Army National Guard having nearly completed its efforts to fortify the levees . The coach of the football team had given the players a choice between working out as scheduled or helping with the sandbagging . Those who obtained parental permission went to Winfield . "  It 's kind of fun because we 're working with our teammates , and everyone 's happy because we 're working for a good cause , " Devon said . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this report .	NEW : Winfield sandbagging halted , with National Guard efforts nearly complete Football team skips weight training , travels 25 miles to help Winfield , Missouri Volunteers trying to bolster at-risk levees Teenage girl glad to help locally after annual house-building trip canceled
CNN  -- Jefferson Thomas , one of the so-called "  Little Rock Nine , " the nine students who integrated Central High School in Little Rock , Arkansas , in 1957 , has died , according to Carlotta Walls LaNier , president of the group 's foundation . He was 67 . Thomas died of pancreatic cancer on Sunday , the Little Rock Nine Foundation said in a statement . He was living in Columbus , Ohio . As a 15-year-old , Thomas was one of the nine African-American students who braved segregationist mobs to integrate the all-white school under the protection of military forces . A retired federal accountant for the Department of Defense , Thomas "  had spent the last decade of his life doing community service , traveling to promote racial harmony and supporting young people in seeking higher education , " the foundation said . In 1999 , he and the others received a Congressional Gold Medal from President Bill Clinton . Thomas ' oldest sister , Alma Hildreth , told CNN she believes God protected Thomas so that he could accomplish a mission that God had given him : "  To stand up and do what he thought was right , -LSB- and to show -RSB- that education belonged to him and all the children . " "  He did a lot of good that he really enjoyed doing and wanted to do . He did a lot of speaking and encouraging young people to reach for the stars . That was his mission , to do that , " Hildreth said . President Barack Obama expressed his condolences to Thomas ' family in a statement issued Monday , and praised Thomas ' bravery in entering Central High School . "  Mr. Thomas was just a teenager when he became one of the first African-American students to enroll in Little Rock Central High School . Yet even at such a young age , he had the courage to risk his own safety , to defy a governor and a mob , and to walk proudly into that school even though it would have been far easier to give up and turn back , " the Obama statement said . Obama said the action "  helped open the doors of opportunity for their generation and for those that followed . " The surviving members of the Little Rock Nine "  expressed their heartfelt sadness at the passing of the man they called their brother in a unique group for the past 53 years , " the foundation 's statement said . The nine have remained close , and through their foundation they provided college scholarships and mentoring to students . "  I will miss his calculated sense of humor , " said LaNier , another member of the nine . "  He had a way of asking a question and ending it with a joke , probably to ease the pain during our teenage years at Central . He was a Christian who sincerely promoted racial harmony and took his responsibilities seriously . " "  Jefferson has always been , to us , a brother , " said Melba Pattillo Beals , another one of the nine . "  He 's funny and very strong , like when we would have a very difficult day , things were absolutely at their worst , he would say , ` Smile , you 're on Candid Camera , ' or , you know , ` Look at what you 're wearing ! ' He was just really , really funny . " She said Thomas sent other members of the group funny e-mails almost until the day of his death . On September 4 , 1957 , a national furor erupted as the nine students attempted to enter Central High . Then-Arkansas Gov. Orval Faubus , in defiance of a federal court order desegregating schools , called out the Arkansas National Guard to prevent them from entering . "  The nine students , chosen by Little Rock school system administrators for their excellent grades and records of good behavior , were stunned by the presence of hundreds of rioting segregationists and the Arkansas National Guard , the foundation said . The group was turned away . For two weeks , the group remained at home , attempting to keep up with their schoolwork . The federal court ordered Faubus to stop interfering with the court order , so he removed the guardsmen from the front of the school . On September 23 , the nine entered the school for the first time , but an angry crowd outside beat African-American reporters who were covering the events , according to the encyclopedia . Little Rock police , who feared they could not control the mob , pulled the nine from the school that day , and they returned home . President Dwight D. Eisenhower then mobilized the Army 's 101st Airborne Division to escort the nine into the school , calling the mob 's actions "  disgraceful , " according to the encyclopedia . The nine entered on September 25 . The military presence remained for the entire school year , according to the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History and Culture . However , the harassment did not end after the nine integrated the school . Military guards were assigned to escort the nine students to classes , according to the encyclopedia , but could not go everywhere , and name-calling , kicking and shoving continued in restrooms and locker rooms . "  I do remember -LSB- the family -RSB- got a call that he had been knocked out -- someone had hit him on the back of head while he was at a locker in hallway , " said Jessie Agee , another sister of Thomas ' . "  But he wanted to continue on with it . " When it was time to leave school , he 'd run home , and one of his older brothers -- armed with a tire iron -- would wait around a corner to escort him the rest of the way , Agee said . The following year , Faubus closed all the Little Rock high schools to avoid integration , the foundation said . When the high schools reopened for the 1959-60 school year , Thomas and LaNier returned to Central High and graduated in May 1960 . "  We 're very sad , " Minnijean Brown Trickey , also a member of the nine , told CNN Monday . "  We were friends before the Little Rock Central crisis , and we 've been very close over the years , so it 's a great tragedy for us . " Thomas was a track athlete at the African-American Dunbar Junior High School in Little Rock when he volunteered to attend Central High as a sophomore , according to his biography on the Little Rock Nine Foundation website . Hildreth said one of the reasons Thomas was inspired to volunteer came to him in biology class . At his old school , the class and the teacher had to share one frog when it came time to dissecting an animal . "  But he heard at Central , all the students had their own frog to dissect . And he said he wanted to go to Central High because he would be in a class where each student had their own frog , " Hildreth recalled . "  We would laugh about it -LSB- later -RSB- . He said , ' I just want my own frog . ' " "  He found out about the wonderful education they were getting there , and that 's what he wanted to experience , " Hildreth said . Agee told CNN that everyone in their family , except their mother , thought Thomas ' attempt to go to Central was a good idea . "  She was n't too keen on it , but she went along with it . His father wanted him to do it . She finally gave in . Him being the youngest , she was very protective of him . And he managed to do it , " Agee said . After graduating from Central , he entered Wayne State University in Detroit , Michigan , but joined his family after they relocated to Los Angeles in 1961 . He attended Los Angeles State College , where he was a member of the student government and president of the Associated Engineers . He was inducted into the Army in 1966 , and was assigned to duty in south Vietnam with the 9th Infantry Division , the biography said . "  He served as an infantry squad leader and directed numerous field campaigns as they confronted enemy troops . " He returned to civilian life in 1968 , where he helped his father run the family business and obtained his bachelor 's degree from Los Angeles State College . He went to work as an accounting clerk and later a supervisor for Mobil Oil Corporation 's Los Angeles Credit Card Center , while still working with the family business . When Mobile moved its operations to Kansas City , Missouri , in 1978 , Thomas chose to stay in Los Angeles and went to work for the Defense Department . When the department relocated some of its Los Angeles operations in 1989 , he sold the family business and moved to Columbus . In Columbus , he was active in education and community service . He received an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Ohio Dominican University "  in recognition of his life-long efforts in human rights and equality , " the biography said . Thomas was a recipient of the NAACP 's Springarn Medal . "  Date and time are pending for a celebration of Thomas ' life in Columbus , Ohio , and Los Angeles , California , " the foundation said . Thomas is survived by his wife , Mary ; a son , Jefferson Thomas Jr. ; and two stepchildren , identified as Frank and Marilyn by the foundation . "  We volunteered to go to Central , not anticipating the opposition that we would face , " Trickey told CNN . It was only after Eisenhower sent in the 1,200 troops that the group was able to enter , she said . "  We stay in contact because we had that experience , and we grew up together in Little Rock , " she said . " ... we cared so much about each other and felt that , that common experience bonded us in an amazing way . " In 1999 , the group formed the Little Rock Nine Foundation , which according to its website aims "  to promote the ideals of justice and equality of opportunity for all . " CNN 's Jason Hanna and CNN Radio 's Michelle Wright contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama praises Thomas ' bravery Thomas died of pancreatic cancer on Sunday He was 15 when he and others integrated Arkansas schools in 1957 Other Little Rock Nine members remember Thomas as being able to keep them laughing
CNN  -- I despise Rush Limbaugh . I despise almost everything I have ever heard him say . I wish that he were no longer on the air . That is why I write today to defend him against those who call for him to be silenced . Far too frequently , Americans find offense in another 's art , music or other expression , and then they call for censorship . This is intolerable . The First Amendment stands for principles like that espoused by the Supreme Court in West Virginia v. Barnette : "  Of there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation , it is that no official , high or petty , can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics , nationalism , religion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein . " Or that wisdom given to us by New York Times v. Sullivan , "  Debate on public issues ... -LSB- should be -RSB- ... uninhibited , robust , and wide-open . " The First Amendment requires neither tact nor politeness . It requires that we permit all views to set up stalls in the marketplace of ideas , and we let that marketplace decide which ideas prevail . Rush Limbaugh has a right to his views . Just as important , his fans have a right to hear him . Those of us who disagree with him have a right to fight him , but we must do so on our own . Using the government to support our view is constitutionally intolerable . Trying to bully him off the air is wrong . Some call for the Federal Communications Commission to pull Clear Channel 's broadcast licenses if they keep Limbaugh on the air , because they believe that Rush Limbaugh does not "  serve the public interest . " This is inaccurate and not permissible under the Constitution . It is a terrifying prospect that the government might review the political and social positions of a broadcaster when deciding who gets access to the airwaves . Should the government censor books that it finds to be unpopular or offensive ? Opinion : FCC should clear Limbaugh from airwaves There is the argument that with a limited number of radio frequencies available , broadcasters should use them in the "  public interest . " But how would these would-be censors expect the FCC to make that determination ? Should there be a "  politeness test ? " Would this ban programming featuring George Carlin , Bill Maher , Lenny Bruce or Snooki ? These would-be-censors want Limbaugh off the air because he does not serve their interests . That does n't mean he does n't serve a "  public interest . " There is no clearer "  public interest " than the dissemination of political speech . Limbaugh brings together millions of listeners who share his views . If that is not the "  public interest , " then what is ? Another way to get Limbaugh off the air is to try and pressure his syndicator or his advertisers -- gathering people of like mind to use their collective economic power to force Limbaugh off the air . This is constitutionally tolerable , but morally wrong . If you disagree with someone who is on stage , it is wrong to stand up and yell to drown out his voice . This improperly interferes with your fellow citizens ' right to receive information . Limbaugh 's audience has a right to hear him . Drowning out his voice by organized bullying is no way to pay tribute to our most cherished liberty . It may be your right to do so , but it does n't make it the right thing to do . Should the marketplace of ideas lose a stall because someone in it said some "  naughty words ? " Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. wrote : "  When men have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths , they may come to believe even more than they believe the very foundations of their own conduct that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas -- that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market , and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out . That at any rate is the theory of our Constitution . " The challenge in this view is that it requires hard work on the part of those who wish to beat Limbaugh . It requires us to place our ideas into competition with Limbaugh 's . I despise Limbaugh not because he uttered one or two nasty words , but because his views are truly evil . I debate those who agree with him . I place my ideas into the marketplace , and I believe that ideas like mine will win out . I realize that my work is difficult , and I may not even live to see Limbaugh 's ideas repudiated . But my commitment to free expression requires me to engage his ideas , to parry them and to let my beliefs stand on their own -- without using the government or other improper means to tip the scales . Free speech means tolerating views that you despise . Otherwise , one day , it will be your views that someone does n't like . If you do n't stand up for Limbaugh 's liberty today , someone may come for yours tomorrow . Discredit him , but do n't silence him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc J. Randazza	Marc Randazza says he ca n't stand Rush Limbaugh but will defend his right to be heard He says the First Amendment does n't require politeness ; it requires right to express ideas He says Limbaugh draws millions to hear his views . That 's not "  in the public interest ? " Randazza : Debate Limbaugh in the marketplace of ideas ; discredit him , do n't silence him
CNN  Usain Bolt will retire from athletics after the 2017 World Championships in London , he confirmed in an interview to a British tabloid published Saturday . The Jamaican sprint star -- who has won six Olympic gold medals and is the reigning world record holder over the 100 meter and 200 meter disciplines -- had previously intimated he would quit the sport after the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro . However , Bolt now says he will stay on for one more year but will only compete in the 100m event in London . "  That was the initial plan  to retire in 2016  , " he told the Daily Mail . "  But my sponsor has asked me to go on for another year , to 2017 and London . "  I 'll be doing one event , the 100  m  . I 've already discussed it with my coach . I can concentrate on that , and on retiring on a winning note . " The 28-year-old had a quiet 2014 , competing in only three races . But he still took gold in the Commonwealth Games 100m relay in Glasgow , his first Commonwealth medal . He confirmed his main focus for 2015 will be the World Championships in Beijing in August where he hopes to add to his collection of eight world titles . Bolt also indicated he will be looking to beat his own 100m world record of 9.58 seconds that he recorded at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin . "  If everything goes well this season ... in my life anything is possible , " he said "  If I can get myself in good shape , it should be wonderful this season . "  I live for competition . I thrive on competition . I live to compete against the best . It means a lot when you beat the best . "  I remember when I won in Beijing  at the 2008 Olympics  , people were saying how Tyson  Gay  was n't there . So for me the World Championship the following year , when everyone was there , that was good . "	Usain Bolt tells UK tabloid he will retire in 2017 The 100 meters at the World Championships in London will be Jamaican 's final event Bolt previously indicated he would retire after 2016 Olympic Games
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry outlined Sunday a $ 4 billion economic development plan for the West Bank that he hopes will help encourage peace in the region . Details were scant on the proposal , which he announced in Jordan during a meeting of the World Economic Forum . "  The fact is that we are looking to mobilize some $ 4 billion of investment , " Kerry said . A team is looking at opportunities in tourism , construction , energy and agriculture , among other industries , and will make recommendations to the Palestinians , he added . Experts believe the plan could increase the Palestinian GDP by as much s 50 % over three years and cut unemployment to 8 % from 21 % , Kerry said . The initiative is supported by both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . "  Now , is this fantasy ? I do n't think so , because there are already great examples of investment and entrepreneurship that are working in the West Bank , " Kerry told the crowd , which included Abbas and Israeli President Shimon Peres . "  So we know it can be done , but we 've never experienced the kind of concentrated effort that this group is talking about bringing to the table . " He did not mention the names of any companies involved in the proposal , nor was it clear when and exactly on what the money would be spent . Kerry has made the Israeli-Palestinian issue the centerpiece of his tenure as America 's top diplomat . He has spent more time on this issue than any other , is in almost daily contact with Netanyahu and speaks with Abbas several times a week . "  Negotiations ca n't succeed if you do n't negotiate , " he said Sunday . "  We are reaching a critical point where tough decisions have to be made . And I just ask all of you to keep your eyes focused on what can really be done here . Think of all that can change . " CNN 's Dana Ford and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	The initiative could increase Palestinian GDP by as much as 50 % , Kerry says He announces the plan during a meeting of the World Economic Forum in Jordan Netanyahu , Abbas support the plan , but specific details are scant
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A top Republican lawmaker is accusing employees at the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency of blocking investigations into the downing of a missionary plane in Peru that killed two Americans in 2001 . Rep. Pete Hoekstra has called for a new hearing on the finding related to the downing of a plane in Peru . Rep. Pete Hoekstra on Thursday criticized "  rogue " CIA employees involved in a joint CIA-Peruvian anti-narcotics program of withholding information after declassification of a CIA report identifying "  routine disregard " of safety procedures that led to the plane being shot down . A 7-month-old girl and her mother died . The comments come after a new internal report by the CIA 's inspector general -- parts of which were released Thursday -- that said Congress and investigators were not given appropriate access to internal documents regarding the incident . "  This issue goes to the heart of the American people 's ability to trust the CIA , " the Michigan lawmaker said Thursday . "  Americans deserve to know that agencies given the power to operate on their behalf are n't abusing that power or their trust . " Hoekstra , the top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , has called for new hearings into the incident and further declassification of findings . The report identifies "  sustained and significant violations of required intercept procedures " and found that the "  agency incorrectly reported that the program complied with the laws and policies governing it . " CIA senior managers "  withheld information " and "  denied Congress , the NSC -LSB- National Security Council -RSB- , and the Department of Justice access to these findings , " the report says . The Justice Department in February 2005 ended investigations into whether CIA officers lied to lawmakers and to CIA officials about the operation . Immediately after the incident , the Peruvian air force said an unidentified plane that had not filed a flight plan had been detected entering Peruvian air space from Brazil . "  Facing such circumstances and , in agreement with established procedures , the intercept system was activated , " the air force said in a written statement . After the missionaries ' Cessna 185 did not respond to a command to identify itself , the air force fired on the plane , the statement said . Michael Loftus , president of the Association of Baptists for World Evangelism , which sponsored the missionaries , said their plane never left Peruvian air space . It had flown to the Brazilian border town of Benjamin Constant , site of the nearest consulate , to obtain a visa for the infant , he said . Loftus said pilot Kevin Donaldson had been in radio contact with a tower in Iquitos , Peru . "  Central aviation authorities had given him a landing slot . How could he be in contact with the civil authorities and their own military not know about it ? " he said . The pilot 's wife said the Cessna aircraft was brought down in a hail of machine-gun fire . "  Within hours , CIA officers began to characterize the shootdown as a one-time mistake in an otherwise well-run program . In fact , this was not the case , " according to the declassified report . "  In many cases , " the report says , "  suspect aircraft were shot down within two to three minutes of being sighted by the Peruvian fighter -- without being properly identified . " CIA Director Michael Hayden has reached no decision in regard to the recommendations contained in the report , said CIA spokesman Mark Mansfield . Hayden recognizes the seriousness of the matter and is seeking input from an outside expert before making any decisions , Mansfield said . A senior U.S. intelligence official said Hoekstra 's comments are "  puzzling and disappointing " and could be "  perceived as political pressure . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	New report says CIA "  withheld information " from investigators , Congress Rep. Pete Hoekstra criticized "  rogue " employees , called for new hearings Hoekstra : Issue is at "  heart of the American people 's ability to trust the CIA " Two Americans were killed when plane was shot down in Peru
CNN  -- The rumor : Girls love a guy who helps out at home If you 're the kinda gal  or guy  who thinks there 's nothing more appealing than a man who cuts the grass , folds the laundry and shuttles the kids to lacrosse practice , you 're not alone . So guys who help more at home get more at home , right ? That makes sense , but then some are saying men who do chores get less sex than men who do n't . The verdict : Helping around the house improves guys ' chances , but not every chore counts Interestingly enough , it seems a guy can bring home the bacon and fry it up in a pan , but once he cleans the pan , women forget he 's a man . A study published in the American Sociological Review claims men who engage in "  traditionally female labor "  dishes , laundry , etc.  get less sex than those who do not . But , the study also finds that , "  A couple 's sex life is governed by a gendered set of sexual scripts , " meaning that men who do typical "  guy " chores , such as mowing the grass , do , in fact , get lucky more often . upwave : Tips for having more sex this week Ever since my husband got wind of this , he 's been nervous to do the dishes , supervise homework or scrub the grizzle from the hamburger pan . "  Does this mean I wo n't get any ? " he asks as he 's folding my gym shorts . It 's not that we , ladies , prefer lazy men who drink beer and watch football . Get real . Does that image send you to the bedroom ? The authors indicate that this whole huff might just involve a distinction between the kind of work we subconsciously categorize as "  manly " versus the chores we want them to do -- but as they are doing them , something in the primitive parts of our brains alerts us that something is very off , so we quite literally turn off . Cutting grass ? Peachy . Grilling steaks ? Nice . Moving furniture ? Awesome . Wearing the apron your mom sent him last Christmas as he begins to boil the noodles ... um ... yes , but no . upwave : 6 ways getting horizontal makes you healthy Are we just not as evolved as we thought ? Could none of us be true feminists ? As much as I want to participate in an egalitarian "  peer marriage , " will my brain not allow it ? I 'll have to do my part to prove this study wrong in my household by rewarding my other half with a hot time for scrubbing the hamburger pans and folding my gym shorts , flowery apron be damned . This article was originally published on upwave.com . & COPY ; 2013 upwave , All Rights Reserved .	Any spouse appreciates a little help around the house , but does it lead to sex ? A study published in the American Sociological Review says chores can result in ` getting lucky ' Men who do ` masculine ' chores at home get more sex than men who do n't , the study says
CNN  -- An opposition plan calling for an investigation into violence against protesters in Yemen and the departure of the president was being reviewed by the ruling party , a government official said , and was "  being received positively " so far . The government official , who asked not to be named , told CNN late Wednesday the plan was being "  reviewed by the GPC  Ruling Party  leadership committee . " The official 's comments came as the ruling party claimed that it is continuing a dialogue with the opposition -- but the opposition denied it . "  We will not have any dialogue with the ruling party . Our only demand is that this regime leaves and then we can talk about dialogue , " said opposition bloc spokesman Mohammed Al-Qubati . The two sides both said that the opposition delivered a list of five points to the ruling party via a committee of Islamic scholars , but did not agree on whether it was a "  plan , " as the government says , or "  advice for the ruling party , " as the opposition says . Opponents of Yemen 's long-time President Ali Abdullah Saleh have been demonstrating against him since the beginning of the year , part of the wave of popular protests that has been crashing over the Arab world . Saleh 's party says the opposition "  points " include a demand for an investigation into who was responsible for violence against protesters , and prosecutions , plus compensation for the victims ' families . They also want Saleh to step down and transfer power peacefully by the end of the year , according to the official . Saleh caused a stir Tuesday when he said in a public address that "  there is a control room working for the media and you know where it is -- in Tel Aviv . These events are managed by the White House . " The comments referring to Washington were later edited out of a rebroadcast of his speech . Saleh called the White House on Wednesday "  to convey his regret for misunderstandings related to his public remarks that Israel and the United States have engaged in destabilizing activities in Arab countries , " a White House statement said . In the call to John Brennan , U.S. President Barack Obama 's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism , Saleh also said that he is "  firmly committed to meaningful political reform in Yemen and that he is reaching out to opposition elements in an effort to achieve reform through a democratic , inclusive , and peaceful process . " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley rejected Saleh 's remarks before the Yemeni leader retracted them . "  The protests in Yemen are not the product of external conspiracies , " Crowley said on Twitter . "  President Saleh knows better . His people deserve a better response . " Saleh 's stinging comments came as a powerful cleric -- labeled a terrorist by the United States -- joined the ranks of the Yemeni protesters Tuesday , leading them in prayer and telling them to stick to their demands . It marked the first time a radical Islamic voice had joined those calling for democracy . Sheikh Abdul Majid al-Zindani , a provocative cleric with a flaming red beard , was accused by Washington in 2004 of supplying weapons to al Qaeda . Last year , al-Zindani made a public plea to recruit millions of young men to fight jihad against Israel . But in Yemen , al-Zindani is a free and influential man and his support of the demonstrations could prove key . Saleh also fired the governors of five of the nation 's provinces , where anti-government protests have been raging for several weeks . All five were appointed to other positions , according to a decree released Tuesday . The protests continued Tuesday as thousands gathered outside Sanaa University in the capital . Even members of Saleh 's powerful tribal group were among the protesters calling for an end to the president 's rule . In a counterdemonstration , thousands of government loyalists descended on Sanaa 's Tahrir Square . Opposition to Saleh has solidified in the wake of violent confrontations between security forces and protesters Friday in Sanaa , Aden and elsewhere . Four people were killed and 26 were wounded in the clashes , according to medical officials . Amnesty International said it had reports that 11 people died in Friday 's protests , bringing the overall death toll since protests began to 27 . Saleh , in power since 1978 , has already said he will not seek re-election but his attempts to form a unity government have run into roadblocks . The country 's main opposition bloc rejected Saleh 's call for calm until elections to replace him are held . The bloc said its goal is simply "  the fall of the regime . " The nation has been battling al Qaeda as well as a Shiite uprising and secessionist movement . High unemployment , lack of political freedoms and government corruption have also stoked Yemeni anger . CNN 's Gena Somra and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : The governing party is receiving the opposition 's five points "  positively , " an official says Yemen 's government says it 's in dialogue with the opposition The opposition denies it Yemen protesters are demanding the president step down
CNN  -- In a perfect world , our most popular Twitterer might be a brilliant scientist , writer , philosopher or spiritual leader . In this world , he is an 18-year-old pop star with famous hair . On Monday night , Justin Bieber surpassed fellow singer Lady Gaga to become the most-followed person on Twitter . As of Tuesday morning , The Biebs had more than 33,333,000 followers , while Gaga was closing in on 33,329,000 . Both numbers continued to creep up , but it appeared Bieber was gradually increasing his lead . Neither had immediately acknowledged the milestone on Twitter . Gaga 's latest tweet was a message to fans about her concert Monday night in Hollywood , California , while Bieber 's was a plug for a recent Teen Vogue photo shoot . Based on their respective rates of growth , Bieber and his hordes of Beliebers were projected to overtake Gaga on Sunday afternoon , according to Twitter Counter , but Gaga 's Little Monsters put up a fight . The coiffed Canadian crooner is Twitter 's first new king or queen since Gaga dethroned Britney Spears in August 2010 . But Gaga still has more fans on Facebook -- almost 55 million , compared to Bieber 's 50,666,000 .  Rihanna tops both with 65 million . Twitter 's top 10 users  seven of them are singers  : 1 . Justin Bieber -- 33.333 million 2 . Lady Gaga -- 33.329 million 3 . Katy Perry -- 31.4 million 4 . Rihanna -- 27.9 million 5 . Barack Obama -- 26.1 million 6 . Britney Spears -- 23.3 million 7 . Taylor Swift -- 23.1 million 8 . YouTube -- 22.2 million 9 . Shakira -- 19.3 million 10 . Kim Kardashian -- 17.2 million	Justin Bieber surpasses Lady Gaga to become the most followed person on Twitter As of Tuesday morning Bieber had about 33,333,000 followers to Gaga 's 33,329,000 But Gaga still has more "  Likes " on Facebook
CNN  -- The Rancho Bernardo Inn , a San Diego luxury resort , is offering rooms for $ 19 a night . But there 's a catch -- you have to sleep in a tent and bring your own toilet paper . "  For $ 19 a night , a customer gets a shell with a tent inside , " says Rancho Bernardo Inn 's John Gates . The declining economy has taken a toll on the Rancho Bernardo , a 200,000 acre luxury resort which has three pools , a golf course , three restaurants and a spa that was named No. 1 by Conde Nast in 2008 . "  During a brainstorming session , we were talking about discounts and promotions and wanted to come up with something different than the same promotions and discounts , " said Rancho Bernardo general manager John Gates . "  We wanted to do something fun and clever . It 's a way of making the best of these bad economic times and trying to give customers an experience . " Rancho Bernardo 's "  Survivor Package " starts at $ 219 per night , but customers are allowed to customize and pick their price point . Guests can lower the cost by opting to give up breakfast and other luxury items , including toiletries . "  For $ 19 a night , a customer gets a shell with a tent inside , " said Gates . The bed , lighting , bed sheets , towels and toilet paper are all removed . "  We ran a similar promotion in June which was very popular . About 100 people took the offer . " Gates said he has received several phone calls , and 50 customers have already booked a reservation at the $ 19 price . The promotion will run from August 16 to 31 . And do n't forget your toilet paper and toothpaste !	Rancho Bernardo Inn , a luxury resort , was named No. 1 by Conde Nast in '08 "  We wanted to do something fun and clever , " general manager John Gates says The San Diego resort 's "  Survivor Package " starts at $ 219 per night Fifty customers have already booked the promotion , which runs August 16 to 31
AOL Autos  -- A directive recently handed down by a Detroit-area suburban mayor has ignited the latest round of a seemingly endless debate -- one that always burns with more intensity in the home of the Big Three than anywhere else . Many residents in the Detroit , Michigan area are auto workers . Thousands have been laid off recently . It 's the debate that relates to cars and goes something like this : "  Buy American ! " vs. "  I 'll buy what I want ! " That debate sometimes , but not always , begins as a civil conversation . But the Detroit area has been hit hard in the last five years by the ongoing , sometimes enormous financial losses posted by the Big Three . The Big Three 's financial woes have had a direct impact on the Michigan economy with hundreds of thousands of layoffs and/or buyouts . Given that so many of the state 's workers have lost their jobs -- and in some cases , their homes - it sometimes does n't take long before the car debate escalates into an emotional one . That can lead to angry name-calling and insults - like many of the reader comments that flooded the online edition of the Detroit newspaper that first reported a controversial story . AOL Autos : Best new car deals this month This latest round of the discussion was inspired by a decision made by Jim Fouts , the mayor of Warren , Michigan , a large Detroit suburb and Michigan 's third-largest city , and where a good portion of the residents are  or were  autoworkers . In mid-August , Fouts told his department heads , which amount to 40 or 50 of the city 's more than 700 employees that he "  expects " the next car they buy will be an American model . More to the point , he expects them to drive General Motors or Chrysler vehicles , since both companies have various manufacturing or assembly plants in Warren -- not to mention GM 's sprawling Tech Center -- and therefore are the city 's two highest taxpayers . Fouts , who drives a 2001 Chrysler Concorde himself , is n't being draconian about it . That is , he has n't ordered his appointees to run right out and dump their Hondas , Toyotas , Saabs or Audis immediately . "  But I strongly suggested that the next car they buy should be an American one , and that I had an equally strong expectation that they will do so , " Fouts said . "  Legally , since they are ` at-will ' employees , I have the right to mandate , and an expectation that they will meet that mandate . " AOL Autos : Best hybrid SUVs Some have accused Fouts of over-stepping his authority by "  butting in " to his employees ' private lives , while others have given the policy a hearty "  thumbs up . " "  Some of them are not enthusiastic about it , " Fouts said , noting that one department head currently drives a Mercedes-Benz vehicle . "  But many of these department heads make more than $ 100,000 a year , and I told them that they might not be able to enjoy the economic comforts they currently enjoy if it were not for the amount of taxes that GM and Chrysler pay to the city . AOL Autos : Luxury cars with the best MPG "  I think of it as ` economic patriotism . ' " Fouts said he did not know how many of his department heads currently drive imports , although one of his appointees , Warren Police Commissioner Bill Dwyer , guessed that about 90 percent of the appointees already drive American-made cars . "  But the ones who are not happy about this -- well , they wo n't talk to -LSB- reporters -RSB- about that , because they know how I feel about it , " said Fouts . Dwyer , who drives a Jeep Cherokee , supports the mayor 's "  buy American " expectation . "  I believe that , the way the economy is that Americans should be buying American cars . And , as department heads , I think it 's important for us to be setting an example for the other city workers . " AOL Autos : Safest cars One of the reasons usually cited for the U.S. automakers ' loss of market share are consumer perceptions that imports are higher in quality -- although several recent surveys by various research groups have revealed that Detroit carmakers have closed the "  quality gap " in recent years to the point that it is almost negligible . And the handful of Detroit-area residents/natives we talked to about the "  Buy American " debate had no complaints about the quality of their American-made cars - or their foreign-made ones , for that matter . One is Tracy Balazy of Dearborn , Michigan - the Detroit suburb that is home to the Ford Motor Company 's world headquarters . AOL Autos : Most popular crossover vehicles "  I drive a 2000 Saturn , because it was cheaper than a Honda , " Balazy said . "  And other than brakes and the usual things , I 've had no problems with it , and it now has 101,000 miles on it . " Balazy has an interesting take on the topic of whether we should feel compelled to "  buy American , " when it comes to cars , however - and whether we should be instructed to do so . "  The average American probably spends a lot more on other things - clothes , household goods , you name it - than on cars . I think it 's hypocritical for someone to tell everyone to ` buy American ' as it pertains to cars , but then take advantage of the great prices on imported goods at say , Wal-Mart , " Balazy said . "  I 've passed up many good deals , and have abstained from buying a lot of consumer goods I 've wanted over the past year , just to avoid buying foreign-made products . " Ken Reibel , a Michigan native who 's lived in Milwaukee for more than 20 years , drives a 2002 Mazda Protg , while his wife motors around in a 2001 Toyota Corolla . "  We bought both of them used , from neighbors , " he says . "  They 've both been good runners . No serious problems . The Protg is a sweet ride . "  But I 'm not even sure what it means to ` Buy American ' anymore , " says Reibel . "  Ford has a huge stake in Mazda , and Japanese automakers build most of their cars for the American market right here in the U.S. , with American labor . It 's easier to ` Buy American ' if you 're purchasing a shirt or case of beer . But cars are different . I 'm sure if you disassembled a Chevrolet Malibu or a Ford Windstar you would find an appalling number of foreign-made components and assemblies . " Gary Galusky is a Detroit-area native/resident who gives high marks to quality of his American-made vehicle . For the last couple of years , Galusky has actually maintained two residences : one in Dearborn and one in Sutton 's Bay , in Northern Michigan - a five-hour drive . "  I make that commute regularly , about every three weeks , in a 2005 Ford Escape that I bought new . It now has 103,000 miles on it , and it 's never required anything other than ordinary maintenance , " says Galusky . Conrad Sutter grew up in Harper Woods , a Detroit suburb just a few miles from Warren , and now lives in Richland , in western Michigan . Sutter says he agrees with the "  Buy American " sentiment . "  I believe what the mayor of Warren is doing is okay , " says Sutter . "  I would n't suppose there are a lot of Apple Computers being purchased in Redmond , Washington  home of Microsoft Corp.  , either . "  Nothing wrong with that . "	Detroit mayor sparks debate when he tells employees to buy American cars Big Three 's financial woes have had impact on Michigan economy Customer : Hypocritical to buy American cars then buy other imported goods Differences in quality between American and foreign are negligible
The government of Liberia says that sample doses of the experimental Ebola drug ZMapp will be sent there to treat doctors who have contracted the deadly virus . The White House and Food and Drug Administration approved the Liberian request for the drug to be made available to them . Liberia identified itself as the recipient of the drug after the company that makes ZMapp said earlier that its supply was exhausted after fulfilling the request of a West African country , which it did not name . The delivery of the ZMapp to Liberia follows a request made on Friday from Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf to President Barack Obama . The sample doses will be brought to Liberia by a U.S. government representative this week , the Liberian government said . A World Health Organization panel convened Monday to discuss the ethics of using experimental medicine to fight Ebola in West Africa . In the current outbreak , the virus is believed to have infected 1,848 people and killed 1,013 , according to WHO 's latest figures . There are no proven vaccines or drugs to treat Ebola , but ZMapp was given to two American missionaries infected with the disease early last week . Both patients had to give consent to receive the drug , knowing it had never been tested in humans before . Their conditions are said to be improving . ZMapp is also being given to Miguel Pajares , a Spanish priest infected with Ebola while working in Liberia , Spain 's Ministry of Heath announced Saturday . The drug was sent from Geneva , Switzerland , to Madrid , where Pajares is being treated in a special isolation unit at Hospital Carlos III . The patients ' treatment has raised questions about the use of unproven and unlicensed drugs to treat Ebola and why these three have received the serum when so many others in West Africa also have the virus . Ebola outbreak Patient Zero found ? Medical ethicists , scientific experts and lay people from the countries affected by the Ebola outbreak will discuss the use of unlicensed medicines to combat the virus during the WHO teleconference Monday . The panel will look at issues including whether it is ethical to use "  unregistered interventions with unknown adverse effects , " and , if so , who should receive them . WHO last week declared the Ebola outbreak a "  public health emergency of international concern . " Since an Ebola epidemic was declared in Guinea in March , the disease has spread to Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria . On Sunday , Ivory Coast banned flights to and from those countries affected by Ebola . Emirates this month become the first major international airline to suspend flights from Guinea , followed by pan-African airline ASKY and smaller regional carrier Arik Air . British Airways stopped its flights to Sierra Leone and Liberia last Tuesday , because of the "  deteriorating public health situation . " The Ebola virus causes hemorrhagic fever that affects multiple organ systems in the body . It can kill up to 90 % of those infected . Early symptoms include weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . The most common treatment requires supporting organ functions and maintaining bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . Ebola virus : 9 things to know about the killer disease WHO says it 's an international health emergency Initial Ebola response called a ` failure '	The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has killed more than 1,000 people , WHO says The experimental drug ZMapp is on its way to Liberia There is no proven or licensed cure for the virus , which can kill up to 90 % of those infected A WHO panel is discussing the ethics of using experimental drugs to combat the virus
CNN  -- Sylvain Chavanel reclaimed the leader 's yellow jersey at the Tour de France after a bold attack in Saturday 's seventh stage gave him his second victory in this year 's 97th edition of cycling 's premier race . The Frenchman finished the 165.5-kilometer leg from Tournus to Station des Rousses ahead of Spaniards Rafael Valls Ferri and Juan Manuel Garate , having burned the reluctant chasing pack in the hot conditions . He claimed an overall lead of one minute and 25 seconds over Cadel Evans , the runner-up in 2007 and 2008 , who finished 14th in the 35-strong peloton -- who all came home 1:47 behind the Quick Step team rider . Previous leader Fabian Cancellara fell way off the pace as he finished more than 14 minutes behind Chavanel in 84th place , to be 58th overall with a deficit of 13:11 . Defending champion Alberto Contador was 13th to be sixth overall , 2:27 behind Chavanel , while seven-time winner Lance Armstrong is 3:16 adrift in what is his final attempt at the race . Canada 's Ryder Hesjedal moved into third place after finishing eighth , while Saxo Bank 's 2009 runner-up Andy Schleck was fourth overall after coming home in 20th . Sprint points leader Thor Hushovd finished back in 179th , while his main 2009 rival Mark Cavendish could not follow up Friday 's second successive stage win as he placed 161st . It was a good day for Quick Step as Jerome Pineau successfully defended his lead in the mountains classification , attacking in the opening kilometer and collecting first-place points at five of the six climbs before falling back to 44th . Pineau lead with 17km to go , but was caught by Chavanel at the foot of the final climb and the 31-year-old was not caught as the race favorites saved energy ahead of Sunday 's eighth stage into the mountains at Morzine-Avoriaz . "  I began to think of the yellow jersey on the last climb , and I told myself that after having lost , it was quite a coup to take it back again , " Chavanel , who also won a crash-marred second stage , told the Tour de France website . "  Tomorrow I will do everything to defend it , but I know that the battle will mainly concern Contador , Schleck and Evans . In the midst of it , I 'll always give everything but if I lose it does not matter . "  Right now I 'm on my little cloud , I 'm floating and I do n't know how else to describe it . But I see that I have great support on the road and everywhere . It warms my heart . " Evans said he was happy to let Quick Step attack ahead of a testing stage on Sunday . "  Tomorrow is the first day with really big climbs and another mountain-top finish , " he said . "  It 'll be another day where the main contenders look at each other , test themselves and we 'll see if someone really wants to lay it on the line and blow it apart -- for someone like Alberto or Lance , it 's probably in their interests to try and do that . For me it 's a case of see how they go and how I cope . "	Quick Step rider Sylvain Chavanel returns to top of Tour de France standings Frenchman wins his second stage of this year 's race , the seventh leg to Station des Rousses He leads two-time runner-up Cadel Evans by one minute and 25 seconds Previous leader Fabian Cancellara fell more than 13 minutes off Chavanel 's pace
CNN  -- The world of "  EVE Online " is brutal . There are enemies and alliances , death and destruction . Gamers fight for territory , profit and fame in a never-ending quest to top their opponent . It 's a bit like the real world that way . When Marcus Dickinson first created his "  EVE " character , Roc Wieler , the two had little in common . Roc was a retired colonel from the Minmatar tribes -- a stoic , physically imposing disciplinarian . Dickinson was a 230-pound Canadian with an affinity for bacon . Over time , the line between fiction and reality has blurred . "  I 'm a role player inherently , " Dickinson says . "  I take it seriously . " For Dickinson , Roc Wieler is a brand . The 40-year-old advertising director has a blog called Roc 's Ramblings that he writes for daily -- as Roc . He also creates music albums and 3-D artwork . He even sells Roc-related paraphernalia to his fans through the blog and social media sites . Brand loyalty is one of the reasons Dickinson first decided to shape up . During his trip to the 2009 "  EVE Online " FanFest , real life hit him smack in the face . Walking into the convention , he did n't feel like Roc . He felt like a stereotypical geek , surrounded by other stereotypical geeks . "  We were all just a bunch of pathetic losers , " Dickinson remembers . "  We paid good money to fly all the way to Iceland and instead of enjoying Iceland , most of us spent all our time sitting around playing the video game we already played back home . " "  Something snapped inside me , and I realized I was n't being true to my brand . Why ca n't I be this character ? Why ca n't I look like this ? He acts and talks like me because he is me . I 'm the one who gave him life . " Why gamers are a great fit at the gym For years , Dickinson 's wife , Farah Iqbal , had been bugging him to go the gym . When he returned from Iceland , the pair joined on a trial basis . The first month was hard , Dickinson says -- his knees hurt , his feet hurt and he could barely run a mile . But he kept at it . He executed his fitness plan as seriously as Roc would execute a mission . He told himself his weight loss was a matter of life or death . "  If I do not make these changes today , and every day going forward , I will die , " he says . "  I know it sounds tragic but that 's what it took for me . " So he made the changes . He got up at 5:30 every morning . He did leg workouts that made him collapse . He pushed himself until he vomited . He did fitness programs like P90X and Insanity . He ran a half-marathon . Dickinson also changed the way he ate . Iqbal remembers a trip to visit friends in Montreal when Dickinson created a grocery list for their hosts and made all his own meals . "  It was almost embarrassing , " she says of the grocery list creation , "  but you know what , I got over myself . Because he 's on a path that I support . " Dickinson now eats 3,000 calories a day -- mostly lean protein and vegetables -- to sustain his body-building lifestyle . "  Five years ago if I was eating 3,000 calories a day , it was because I had bags of Doritos in front of me , " he says with a laugh . He 's rigid about his lifestyle . He does n't eat dessert or allow for cheat days . It 's a struggle , but one he embraces as a sort of real-life challenge . "  He always had this attitude of not giving up , but now it 's extreme , " Iqbal says . "  He 's become very well-focused -- or stubborn -- with  the  journey he 's on . " His laser focus has paid off . Dickinson now weighs 185 pounds and is only 14 % body fat . He can squat almost twice his weight and dead-lift 450 pounds . "  I 'm closer to looking like Roc than I 've ever been , " he says . Dickinson realizes he sounds slightly schizophrenic . But if you think about it , he says , all guys have fantasy lives . When they read comic books , they envision themselves as caped crusaders . When they watch James Bond , they envision themselves as suave womanizers with oodles of money . "  Superman , Vin Diesel -- we want to be them so badly , " Dickinson says . "  The difference is you 'll never be Superman . You 're setting yourself up to fail . "  The reason Roc worked was that he was a fantasy hero of my creation , so I was already part way there . I just had to get the physical . " Iqbal says she keeps her husband from crossing the line between fantasy and reality . She 's not a big fan of Roc -- she prefers her men balanced , with a feminine side . When Dickinson slips into Roc 's deep voice with a "  Hello , darling ... " greeting after work , "  I 'm like ` Oh , shut the hell up , ' " she says . "  I have to remind him that it is a character . " Still , Iqbal encourages him to blog and play "  EVE Online " as much as possible because she knows his fans are eager for more advice on how to get fit . Plus , there 's that other side benefit ... "  If I said to him , ` This is affecting our relationship , ' I know he would  stop  , " Iqbal says . "  But I do n't want to -- he looks yummy ! " ` The Beast ' races to lose 100 pounds	Marcus Dickinson has lost 45 pounds and toned up to be more like his character Roc Wieler is a retired colonel from the Minmatar tribes with an affinity for discipline Dickinson blogs as Roc , in addition to creating 3-D artwork and music albums
CNN  -- Will you marry me ? That question carries an extreme amount of significance for those who are popping the question and for those who must answer . While weddings have long been planned to a T and photographed and videotaped , marriage proposals are rapidly becoming public events with some videotaped for the enjoyment of family , friends and millions of strangers . Posted on sites such as YouTube and Vimeo , the videotaped proposals can go viral overnight with millions of viewers . That 's what happened to one video of an elaborately orchestrated proposal in a movie theater . "  We had no idea it 'd be such a viral success , but there were particular elements that made it so successful , " says Michael Escobar , the videographer who recorded both Matt asking his fiancee 's father for her hand and Matt 's epic route to get to the theater where Ginny was with her brother . Famously dubbed the movie trailer proposal for Matt and Ginny , Escobar 's production got more than 10 million views in less than two weeks . What is it about proposal videos that draw so many viewers from around the world ? "  These videos reflect our need to ` connect ' with one another , " says Steven Sherwood , a sociology professor at Los Angeles Valley College . "  They are therefore just the most contemporary version of the smoke signal of communicating what 's important to us . Escobar says proposal videos "  give hope for a lot of people , " and that "  when you see something genuine and heartwarming you gravitate towards it . " For Christina Nelson , 42 , a Kenyan immigrant who 's been married for six years , the emotional aspect of these videos are what touch her . "  I know what they 're feeling and wow . I just love how they feel , " Nelson says , adding that her girlfriends often pass links to such videos along to her . Nelson explains , "  Women are emotional beings -- so are men -- but we have another degree of emotion and we love the fact that it 's being exposed . " It 's the same factor that made songs by Elvis , and now Justin Bieber , wildly popular in today 's culture : women who want to be warmed by romance -- theirs or someone else 's . Ashli Reese , a young bachelorette living in Atlanta , sums up her reaction to watching proposal videos : "  I want that one day . I want that to be me . I want to feel the way they feel . " For men , these public emotional displays online can elicit a different reaction . "  I 'll watch for the entertainment , " says 24-year-old Tracy McClades . And even though he says he has n't found "  the one " yet , he admits he can "  get ideas from them " and be prepared when he is ready to propose to his future wife . Atlanta resident George Nelson proposed six years ago in the middle of a busy restaurant while his friends documented the moment . He offers another reason why people videos of these used-to-be private moments . "  When there 's a new trend , we want to be a part of the trend -- both male and female , " says Nelson . John Schlueter , who proposed last year while running with the Olympic Torch , says public proposals and videos represent "  competition for men , " while being , "  heartwarming for women . " Although he did n't have a video made of his proposal , he and his wife are reminded of their emotional moment every time they see the Olympic torch that he carried during the proposal hanging in the middle of their living room . Escobar does n't see the proposal competition as a bad thing . "  If it does have people step up their game , if it sparks a person to go the extra mile for the person they love , that 's a good thing . " For even more fun , check out these recent viral videos of proposals : CNN Center proposal , accompanied by the band , Train Tweeted Old Spice proposal Madison Square Park musical number proposal "  Luck " -- romantic rooftop proposal University of Michigan musical proposal * And if you videotaped your proposal , share it on CNN 's iReport .	Videos of marriage proposals have gone viral on YouTube and Vimeo The "  movie trailer proposal for Matt and Ginny " had over 10 million views in under 2 weeks These videos are popular because they give viewers hope and make them feel optimistic
EW.com  -- The Kardashians are already a staple on E! Network . But they 've chosen the month of November to assert their dominance on the book world . Earlier this month , "  momager " Kris Jenner 's released her memoir . Kourtney , Kim , and Khlo  's first novel , "  Dollhouse , " hits shelves today . And next week fans will be treated to the re-release of "  Kardashian Konfidential . " "  Dollhouse , " the first fiction endeavor from the Kardashians , follows sisters Kamille , Kassidy , and Kyle Romero . And like all the other Kardashian books , I read it so you do n't have to ! Here 's a short plot summary . Warning : spoilers ahead ! The Romero girls live in California where their mother , Kat , owns a family restaurant . Their father , David , made some shady investments prior to his untimely death and left his family broke . Kat remarried Beau , a retired baseball player , who has two children from a previous marriage . The girls are essentially trying to make ends meet by helping out at the restaurant . Everything changes when Kamille is discovered by a modeling agent . She becomes famous overnight , and begins dating a professional baseball player she meets at one of her many red-carpet appearances . Their whirlwind romance eventually becomes a whirlwind engagement when Kamille and her fiance agree to have their pending nuptials and wedding filmed for a TV show . Kassie just adds to the family drama after she gets pregnant after a one-night stand with Kamille 's fiance . Ooops ! And I 'd be remiss without mentioning the taboo attraction between Kyle and her step-brother . Those are just the highlights , people . I wo n't spoil all of the novel for you . "  Dollhouse " is fiction , but there are clearly some parallels between the lives of the Kardashians and Romeros . And in light of Kim 's divorce , it 's entertaining to read about a celebrity fairy-tale wedding filmed for TV .  You 'll have to read to see whether the marriage lasts longer than 72 days ...  All in all , "  Dollhouse " is just Kardashian camp packaged in a neat novel . It 's completely ridiculous , but entertaining nonetheless . And with the Kardashians I would n't expect any less . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kourtney , Kim , and Khlo  's first novel , "  Dollhouse , " hits shelves today "  Dollhouse , " is the first fiction endeavor from the Kardashians There are clearly some parallels between the lives of the Kardashians and Romeros
CNN  He 's accused of plotting with his brother and carrying out an attack near the finish line of the Boston Marathon that killed three people , wounded more than 260 and spurred a massive manhunt that terrorized the city for days . And now , nearly 19 months after the bombings , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's trial is starting . Here are 13 things to keep in mind as the proceedings get under way this week at the federal courthouse in Boston : 1 . It 's going to take time to pick a jury . Lawyers have more than 1,000 people to choose from . About 1,200 potential jurors have been summoned , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . The prosecution and defense will have to pare down that pool to 12 jurors and six alternates . Prosecutors have said the trial could last up to four months . 2 . We already have some clues about the arguments on both sides . Court documents filed so far by the defense and prosecution paint a pretty clear picture of where things are heading -- though their portrayals of Tsarnaev , 21 , are dramatically different . Prosecutors cast him as a deliberate killer inspired by jihadist literature . The defense has tried to pin the blame on Tamerlan Tsarnaev , describing Dzhokhar as a youngster manipulated by his older brother , who "  was an all-powerful force who could not be ignored or disobeyed . " Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , was killed in a confrontation with police days after the bombing . Police surrounded Dzhokhar Tsarnaev two days later as he hid inside a boat in a backyard in Watertown , Massachusetts . He surrendered with rifle lasers tagging his head . 3 . Tsarnaev faces 30 federal charges . He has pleaded not guilty to all of them , including using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death . In addition to accusations tied to the two pressure cooker bombs that blew up at the marathon , the indictment against Tsarnaev also alleges that he and his brother killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer by shooting him in the head at close range . 4 . It 's a capital case , even though Massachusetts abolished the death penalty . Massachusetts got rid of the death penalty three decades ago , but this is not a state case . Federal prosecutors can seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev because of the nature of the crimes he 's accused of committing . Federal prosecutors say he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner " and lacks remorse . 5 . This is n't the prosecutor 's first time tackling a prominent case . In 2011 , The Boston Globe named U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz "  Bostonian of the Year " for prosecuting corrupt politicians , winning a terrorism case against an al Qaeda supporter and pushing the prosecution of notorious mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . When Bulger was sentenced in 2013 to two life terms plus five years in prison , Ortiz did n't mince words , describing him as a terrorist driven by "  his desire for power , for greed and ambition . " 6 . Tsarnaev 's lawyer is known for representing high-profile clients in death penalty cases . Her name is Judy Clarke , and you 've seen her before . The federal public defender represented "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski and Jared Lee Loughner , the gunman who seriously wounded former U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and killed six people at a meet-and-greet for the congresswoman . An ardent opponent of the death penalty , she has kept some of the nation 's most despised criminals -- baby killers , bombers , white supremacists and terrorists -- off death row . 7 . Prosecutors and defense attorneys talked about a possible plea deal for Tsarnaev , but it did n't work out . Several of Clarke 's most notorious clients have pleaded guilty and avoided the death penalty . Kaczynski and Loughner both faced capital charges but are now serving life sentences in prison . In Tsarnaev 's case , discussions in recent months have centered on the possibility of him pleading guilty and receiving a life sentence without parole . The talks have reached an impasse because the Justice Department has resisted removing the death penalty as a possibility , officials told CNN . 8 . Some people in Boston want to see a deal like that for Tsarnaev . In an opinion column published in the Boston Globe earlier this month , a retired federal judge , a former prosecutor and another lawyer argue that a trial and the media frenzy surrounding it will needlessly force victims to relive the horrors of the bombing . "  Let 's write a last chapter that guarantees just punishment for Tsarnaev while putting the victims and the community at the center of the legal system 's concerns , " Nancy Gertner , Michael B. Keating and Martin F. Murphy wrote . 9 . Others want him to get the death penalty . When federal prosecutors announced last year that U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder had decided to seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev , a number of victims and their family members said it was a step in the right direction . Marc Fucarile , who lost a leg in the bombing , told WCVB he has no doubt about where he stands . "  I prefer the death penalty , because I prefer that people know that if you terrorize our country , you 're going to be put to death , " he said last year . "  And I strongly believe that 's how it should be . " 10 . Tsarnaev 's lawyer tried to get the case moved out of Boston . The judge said no . So did a federal appeals court . Clarke argued that Tsarnaev could n't get a fair trial there . Federal prosecutors argued that changing the location of the trial would deny victims a chance to see justice carried out . Experts are split on how the location could influence whether Tsarnaev is sentenced to death . On the one hand , Boston is a liberal city where opposition to the death penalty is widespread , CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . On the other hand , because it 's a federal case , the jury will be drawn from a broader pool that could include more conservative suburban or rural residents who are more inclined to support executions , New York lawyer Ronald Tabak , a leading expert on capital cases , told CNN last year . In a 2013 Boston Globe poll , 57 % of Boston respondents supported a life sentence for Tsarnaev . Thirty-three percent favored the death penalty . 11 . It 's unknown whether Tsarnaev will testify . At a hearing last month , he appeared in court , telling a judge that he was satisfied with his defense lawyers . 12 . Bombing survivors might . They told The Boston Globe that they 're prepared to take the stand . 13 . Even if Tsarnaev is found guilty , that 's not the end of the trial . Since Tsarnaev 's trial is a capital case , there will be a separate court proceeding on whether he should get the death penalty if the federal jury finds him guilty . That phase , Toobin says , would be like a "  small , separate mini trial . " CNN 's Michael Martinez , Deborah Feyerick , Sunlen Serfaty , Ann O'Neill , Kristina Sgueglia , Ronni Berke and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Jury selection in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's trial has started Federal prosecutors are seeking the death penalty His attorney has secured plea deals for past clients
CNN  -- Bahrain Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa has insisted Sunday 's grand prix in the Gulf kingdom will go ahead despite continued anti-government protests on the country 's streets . As the first practice session got underway at the Sakhir circuit , the Crown Prince and Formula One chief Bernie Eccelstone defended the decision to press ahead with the race , amid continuing demonstrations . The Force India team decided not to take part in Friday 's second practice session , opting to return to their hotel before night fell . On Thursday a petrol bomb exploded near a car carrying four of their staff back to the capital Manama . The Bahrain Grand Prix was canceled twice in 2010 and several UK politicians , as well as human rights group Amnesty International , have called for this year 's installment to be shelved . Why is Bahrain F1 race under fire ? On the track , Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg continued the impressive form which saw him clinch his first ever F1 victory at last week 's Chinese Grand Prix by posting the fastest overall time . But at an impromptu press conference , the Crown Prince was inundated with questions relating to off-track matters . He said : "  Canceling the race just empowers extremists . For those of us trying to navigate a way out of this political problem , having the race allows us to build bridges across communities and celebrate our nation as an idea that is positive not divisive . "  We are not trying to say we are perfect , we are a real country with real issues . I genuinely believe this race is a force for good , it unites many people from many religious backgrounds under the roof of Formula One . "  This race should continue because it a big event for this country , it is important economically and socially . I absolutely can guarantee that any problems that may or may not happen are not directed at Formula One . "  There are people who are out to cause chaos . The attack that happened around Force India was aimed at the police , it was unprovoked and quite dangerous . At no time was anyone from Formula One in danger . Vettel aims to bounce back in Bahrain "  I 'm very confident that protests which will happen at some point , there 's one today , is part of the political process in any country . The race is the race and we are here to celebrate that . I 'm here to go racing . " Eccelstone maintained that the protests in Bahrain and the arrival of Formula One were unrelated . "  If people have got a complaint about something else it is nothing to do with F1 . " On the track , German Rosberg was half a second clear of Red Bull 's Mark Webber in practice , while reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel came fourth . McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton was fourth with Rosberg 's teammate Michael Schumacher sixth . Rosberg told his team 's official website his fast pace represented a good start to the weekend : "  Whilst it 's nice to be quickest today , we know that does n't count . The most important thing still is to improve our race pace . "  For the moment , it looks reasonable but we need to analyze where we are on high fuel levels compared to our competitors and draw our conclusions . The conditions are really tough out there , so the race will be quite demanding from the tire perspective . " Force India chose not to participate in the afternoon session so their staff could return to the team 's hotel before dark . Their decision comes a day after four of their team were caught up in an anti-government protest on their way back from the track , when a petrol bomb was thrown near to their car . Deputy team principal Robert Fearnley told CNN World Sport : "  The most important thing for us is that we 've got to have the well being of our crew foremost in our minds . That is what the objective was . "  Unfortunately we had an experience that was uncomfortable on Wednesday evening . We have n't seen anything since , there has n't been any issues since , it was just an unfortunate destabilizing program . "	Bahrain Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa insists grand prix will go ahead Practice for Sunday 's race takes place despite anti-government protests in Gulf kingdom Force India team decide no to race in second practice session to return to their team hotel Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg is fastest during practice for Sunday 's grand prix
CNN  -- As someone who has often worked from home during her career , I 've been obsessed with the firestorm Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer ignited earlier this month by demanding that her telecommuting employees get themselves to a bricks-and-mortar office -- and soon . Predictably , the blogosphere , TV news shows and critics everywhere blew up . How dare Mayer snatch this benefit out from under Yahoo! 's virtual workers ? And how dare she prompt more progressively minded employers to consider doing the same to theirs ? Talk about negative trendsetting . Last week , Best Buy 's much-heralded "  Results Only Work Environment " for nonstore employees got downgraded , too . Most of the commentary around Yahoo! 's decision has looked at how telecommuting cutbacks affect working parents -- and in particular , working moms , like Mayer herself . I agree that 's huge . But what has fascinated me about this telework debate is how almost no one has specifically addressed its impact on those of us without children . Why should n't all of us , whether we parent children or not , have access to civilized ways of working that simplify our lives , decrease our commutes , allow us to be more efficient and maintain our sanity at the same time ? Or do we have to have kids at home in order to have a valid "  excuse " to benefit from the 21st century reality of virtual work ? Yahoo work-from-home policy riles workers everywhere Hear me out . Throughout my career , my single and child-free status have certainly benefited my employers and freelance clients , as I was able -- and willing -- to pick up and move to the other side of the country for long-term work assignments . Even when living and working in France last year , I could take on last-minute writing projects that demanded "  all-nighters , " as there was no spouse or youngster requiring attention . The fact that I have "  neither chick nor child , " as one of my Chicago Sun-Times colleagues used to say , allowed me the flexibility of traveling on short notice . These were all choices I happily made . So , if being unattached made me an asset to those I 've worked for , should that same status keep me , and millions of others without children , from enjoying flexible work arrangements that few seem to question if you 've got children at home ? Gallery : Brilliant women in STEM , then and now Telecommuting works "  because the benefits are so comprehensive . It 's not just supporting family balance , but you balance , " says Cindy Auten , general manager of Mobile Work Exchange . "  It is n't just a perk for one demographic . " Her group is the force behind last week 's "  Telework Week 2013 . " Sponsored by tech heavyweights Cisco and Citrix , it was the third annual global effort to encourage employees and employers to pledge to telework anytime between March 4 and 8 . Last year 's Telework Week generated more than 71,000 pledges , helping these folks gain back nearly 251,800 hours into their days and saving $ 5.6 million in commuting costs , according to Mobile Work Exchange . 2013 's Telework Week pledge numbers have almost doubled . A "  2012 National Study of Employers " conducted by the Society for Human Resources Management and the Families & Work Institute found that 63 % of employers allow workers to work at home at least occasionally , up from 34 % in 2005 . Although telecommuting should benefit all job-eligible employees , often "  working moms and parents tend to get more of a consideration , " admits Shirley Davis-Sheppard , the Society for Human Resources Management 's vice president of Global Diversity & Inclusion . "  Yet , we tell organizations employees should n't have to tell you a reason " why they 'd like to telecommute . "  We advocate that you should be managing by results , not ` butts in seats . ' " Opinion : What Mayer misses on work-life balance In other words , an employee 's family situation -- or lack of one -- should n't determine whether they 're able to telecommute . "  One , you 've got to get your work done and have the conversation with your manager . It 's got to work for both the employer and the employee , " says Sheppard , who 's also the co-leader of the Society for Human Resources Management 's Workplace Flexibility initiative and holds a doctorate in business and organization management . "  That 's what inclusion is all about , and why more and more chief diversity officers like me are on the bandwagon for this . You 're not going to be able to engage and retain great talent without having flexibility . But this is not just about telecommuting . It 's about compressed workweeks , part-time job options , flexible schedules . Sometimes it might be job sharing . " Pamela Royster , 46 , is an independent clinical research consultant who has been home-based since 2007 . Single , she 's got four college-age kids living away from home . "  I 've often thought about taking a job where I have to commute and work in an office , and there 's no way I 'd do that , " says Royster , who lives in Washington and worked virtually even when her children were in the house . "  I 'm able to cut costs because I 'm not having to fill up my gas tank every week . And because I 'm self-employed , I 'm able to itemize many of my home office expenses . If you need to run an errand , you can do that , as long as you 're meeting your deadlines . " Who works from home and how they do it Working in an office , adds Mobile Work Exchange 's Cindy Auten , means "  dry cleaning costs , going out to lunch . With all the work clothes you have to buy , you could put money away and invest it in your 401  k  so you can retire at a reasonable age . It is about money ; it 's about time . And time is money . " In theory , we can find ways to earn more cash . But the great equalizer is the clock . None of us , whether we 're billionaires or flat broke , gets more than 24 hours each day . The quality of life aspect is huge to women like Amalie Drury , a married but childless 34-year-old Chicago editor for PureWow , a lifestyle website for women . "  I 'm willing to work for a little bit less because my lifestyle is so much better , " the recently married Drury says about her full-time virtual work . "  I usually wear workout clothes all day every day , which I absolutely love . When I 'm waiting for someone to get back to me or for edits on a story I 've written , I try to fit in a workout . I save money on food because I eat at home -- and healthier , too . Especially if you 're single or do n't have kids , "  When you 're balancing work and your life , work always seems to trump you , " says Auten . "  This is a way to bring life back to the front burner . " She says 85 % of the companies on Fortune magazine 's 2012 "  100 Best Companies to Work For  " list offer some sort of telework option . That 's surely no coincidence . I 'd never want to keep my colleagues with children from making work arrangements that best add balance to their hectic lives . Let 's just hope that the choices we kid-free professionals make are viewed as equally valid and real . Maureen Jenkins is a freelance travel , food and lifestyles writer and communications consultant . She just returned to her native Chicago after a year in France . She blogs about international travel at UrbanTravelGirl.com . Do you agree that parents have garnered a disproportionate share of the conversation around working from home lately ? Let us know in the comments section .	The outcry around Yahoo 's new telecommuting policy has centered on parents Maureen Jenkins argues that you do n't have to be a parent to demand better work options Just as a nonparent may offer more scheduling flexibility , that worker can demand reciprocity Working from home can offer health benefits as well as others , says one teleworker
CNN  -- Swedish mountaineer and professional skier Fredrik Ericsson died Friday while trying to summit K2 in Pakistan , his friend David Schipper told CNN in a telephone interview . The incident occurred between 7 a.m. and 8 a.m. as Ericsson was attempting to become the first man to ski from the summit to base camp , said Schipper , who said he learned of the accident on the world 's second-tallest peak in a satellite call from fellow climber Fabrizio Zangrilli . Ericsson , in his mid-30s , was at a place called the bottleneck , at an altitude of around 8,300 meters  27,231 feet  , between Camp 4  8,000 meters  and the summit  8,611 meters  , said Schipper , a Moab , Utah-based climber . He described the bottleneck as a "  steep and narrow section with thousands of meters of exposure below . " Ericsson , along with his climbing partners Trey Cook and Gerlinde Kaltenbrunner , had begun the summit push between 1 a.m. and 1:30 a.m. in low-visibility weather . After several hours of climbing , they approached the bottom of the bottleneck . At this point , Cook returned to Camp 4 , leaving Kaltenbrunner and Ericsson to continue their ascent . As Ericsson was attempting to fix ropes to the snow and ice along the route he "  lost his purchase and was unable to arrest his fall , " Schipper said . Ericsson 's body , resting at about 7,000 meters , will remain where it fell , Schipper said on Ericsson 's website . "  His parents have requested it remain in the mountains he loved , " he wrote . "  Retrieval would be exceptionally dangerous . "	NEW : Skier 's body will not be recovered Incident occurred as Ericsson approached summit He "  was unable to arrest his fall " Ericsson was trying to reach top of K2
On April 26 , 1986 , the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant 's reactor No. 4 blew up after a cooling capability test , and the resulting nuclear fire lasted 10 days , spewing 400 times as much radiation as the bomb dropped on Hiroshima . To date , it 's the world 's worst nuclear accident . The 2011 Fukushima meltdown , of course , is still playing out -- but actually , so is Chernobyl . Nearly 28 years after the disaster , Reactor No. 4 simmers under its "  sarcophagus , " a concrete and metal cover hastily built after the accident . It 's now cracked , rusted and leaking radiation . A partial roof collapse last February sent reverberations of fear throughout the world . As well it should have . With 200 tons of lava-like radioactive material still below the reactor , and the "  New Safe Confinement " aimed at containing and protecting it not scheduled for completion till 2015  already 15 years overdue  this story of nuclear disaster is in its early chapters . Today , Chernobyl 's soil , water , and air are among the most highly contaminated on Earth . The reactor sits at the center of a 1,000-square-mile "  Exclusion Zone , " a quarantined no-man 's land complete with border guards , passport control and radiation monitoring . Inside the Zone are hundreds of unmarked  and un-mapped  burial sites where machinery from the cleanup after the 1986 accident was dumped . These days , Ukraine 's four other nuclear power plants also dispose of their spent fuel inside the Zone . It 's real , and it 's scary . TED.com : The deadly genius of drug cartels But amidst the complicated real-life calculations and compromises -- where science and politics meet to duke out the viability of nuclear energy -- the long , deep , human parable of Chernobyl is often lost . That story is partly embodied in an unlikely community of some 130 people , called "  self-settlers " who , today , live inside the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone . Almost all of them are women , the men having died off due to overuse of alcohol and cigarettes , if not the effects of elevated radiation . About 116,000 people were evacuated from the Zone at the time of the accident . Some 1,200 of them did not accept that fate . Of that group , the remaining women , now in their 70s and 80s , are the last survivors of a group that defied authorities -- and it would seem , common sense -- and illegally returned to their ancestral homes shortly after the accident . I 've been filming and interviewing this unlikely community since 2010 . The Zone 's scattered ghost villages are silent and bucolic , eerie and contaminated . Many villages were bulldozed after the accident , others remain -- silent vestiges to the tragedy , and home to the ubiquitous wild boar . Still , other villages have 1 or 2 or 8 or 12 babushkas , or babas -- the Russian and Ukrainian words for "  grandmother " -- living in them . One self-settler , Hanna Zavorotnya , told me how she snuck through the bushes back to her village in the summer of 1986 . "  Shoot us and dig the grave , " she told the soldiers who nabbed her and other family members , "  otherwise we 're staying . " Then she handed me a chunk of warm salo -- raw fat -- from her just-slaughtered pig . TED.com : What I discovered in New York City 's trash Why would they choose to live on deadly land ? Are they unaware of the risks , or crazy enough to ignore them , or both ? It 's hard for us -- especially Westerners with deeper connections to our laptops than any piece of soil -- to understand . But these women see their lives in a decidedly different way . When I asked Hanna about radiation , she replied : "  Radiation does n't scare me . Starvation does . " It 's all about context . They lived through Stalin 's Holodomor -- the genocide-by famine of the 1930s that wiped out millions of Ukrainians -- and then the Nazis in the1940s . Some of the women were shipped to Germany as forced labor . When the Chernobyl accident happened a few decades into Soviet rule , they were simply unwilling to flee an enemy that was invisible . So long as they were well beyond child bearing , self-settlers were allowed to stay "  semi-illegally . " Five happy years , the settlers logic went , is better than 15 condemned to a high-rise on the outskirts of Kyiv . The residents of the Chernobyl region are forest-dwelling steppe people of Ukraine 's Polesia region and did not adapt well to urban environments . There is a simple defiance common among them : "  They told us our legs would hurt , and they do , " one 80-year-old woman told me . "  So what . " TED.com : Why our universe might exist on a knife edge What about their health ? There are benefits of hardy living from the land -- but also complications from an environment laced with radioactive contaminants , such as cesium , strontium and americium . Health studies vary . The World Health Organization predicts more than 4,000 deaths will eventually be linked to Chernobyl . Greenpeace and others put that projection into the tens of thousands . All agree thyroid cancers are sky high , and that Chernobyl evacuees have suffered the trauma of relocated peoples everywhere , including anxiety , depression , Radioactive contamination from the accident has been death-dealing , to be sure , but relocation trauma is another , less-examined fallout of Chernobyl . Of the old people who relocated , one Chernobyl medical technician , whose job is to give annual radiation exposure tests to zone workers said : "  Quite simply , they die of anguish . " Home is the entire cosmos of the rural babushka , and connection to the land is palpable . They told me : "  If you leave you die , " "  Those who left are worse off now . They are all dying of sadness , " "  Motherland is Motherland . I will never leave . " TED.com : Architecture at home in its community Curiously , what sounds like faith may actually be fact . There are n't studies to refer to  after all , semi-legal marginalized old women living on radioactive land are hardly a civic or research priority  but surprisingly these women who returned home have , according to local officials and journalists who have kept track of them , seem to have outlived their counterparts who accepted relocation -- by some estimates , up to 10 years . How could this be ? Certainly , their exposure at an older age put them at smaller risk .  Young animals -- and I 'm including humans here -- are more severely affected by radiation .  But let 's consider a less tangible though equally powerful idea . Does happiness affect longevity ? Is the power of motherland , so fundamental to that part of the world , palliative ? Are home and community forces that can rival even radiation ? I believe so . And unfailingly , so do the babushkas of the Zone . Radiation or not , these women are at the end of their lives . But their existence and spirit will leave us wondering about the relative nature of risk , about transformative connections to home , and about the magnificent tonic of personal agency and self-determination . They are unexpected lessons from a nuclear tragedy .	Holly Morris :1986 Chernobyl nuclear accident world " worst . Area still highly contaminated She says thousands relocated rural Chernobyl to city , but 1,200 defiantly came back to live Most are babushka 's , unwilling to be displaced from even an irradiated homeland Morris : They tend to outlive those who left . Why ? Personal agency ? The tonic of home ?
CNN  -- The dirty and tattered piece of paper , with remnants of thick black industrial-strength tape still stuck to its edges , would not necessarily seem to be a harbinger of summer . But those capitalized words running down the page ... CATCH . SAFARI . CAL GIRLS . BE TRUE . GET AROUND ... I pulled the piece of paper from the surface of the stage right after the show had ended . There was a copy of it next to the base of each microphone stand , so the musicians could look down to see what they were supposed to play and sing next . The capitalized words were shorthand for each song : "  Catch a Wave . " "  Surfin ' Safari . " "  California Girls . " "  Be True to Your School . " "  I Get Around . " Summer 's coming , all right . I had caught up with the Beach Boys in Fort Myers , Florida , on a Friday night this spring . They were scheduled to play at the Barbara B. Mann Performing Arts Hall . It will soon be half a century that they have been singing and touring . Fifty years since they really were little more than boys , writing and singing the songs of summer for the first time . Too much has happened to them since they first took to the stage wearing those identical striped shirts , nervous young men careful to bow to the audience after each song . Carl Wilson and Dennis Wilson are dead ; the much-publicized acrimony in the band has meant that Brian Wilson , Mike Love and Al Jardine almost never share the same stage anymore . Not that anyone asked for my opinion , but here it is anyway : We all are given a finite number of heartbeats in this life . If I were those three guys , I 'd find some way to put the old anger aside and play that wonderful music together again . Before it 's too late . But this column is n't about the singers . It 's about the songs they gave to the world . The songs have brought so much happiness to so many generations , for all these years . "  Little Deuce Coupe " and "  Shut Down " and "  Surfer Girl " and "  Surfin ' U.S.A. " -- they are America 's enduring soundtrack of summer , they somehow never grow old , and there is a chance that , because of those songs , the Beach Boys may one day enter John Philip Sousa territory in the national memory , becoming a sustaining part of U.S. history . It 's too soon for that , though ; for now , there 's a new summer of one-nighters stretching out ahead . Backstage in Fort Myers we ate a cafeteria-style dinner ; I sat with Randell Kirsch , a Beach Boys guitarist with whom I spent 15 summers on the road while he and I were touring with Jan and Dean . He told me that at a television studio in California recently he had shared a similar commissary meal with astronaut Buzz Aldrin . "  We talked about the moon , spirituality and surf music , " Randell said . That is one of the many unlikely places that singing the songs of summer can take a person : to the side of a man who walked upon the surface of the moon . John Stamos , the actor , has gone on the road to sing with the Beach Boys whenever he can for the last 25 years ; he was in Fort Myers on this night , and as we talked , Mike Love , the band 's lead singer , came over with his own plate of food . I asked him if he thought there might be a band called the Beach Boys on the road even after all the original Beach Boys are gone . "  I do n't see why not , " he said . "  The music 's not going to die , is it ? " That 's the secret . There is something about those songs that transcends nostalgia , that parts the clouds , that brings smiles of contentment year after year , town after town . No matter how cruddy the day may have been , no matter what worries may be gnawing at you . ... Well , as the song advises : "  Do n't Worry , Baby . " Everything will turn out all right . The show started , the guitars sounded , the audience rose to cheer . The gloriously predictable set -- "  Would n't It Be Nice , " "  Dance , Dance , Dance , " "  Sloop John B , " "  Good Vibrations " -- unfurled . For 105 minutes , the world seemed peaceful . As "  Help Me , Rhonda " was ending , Stamos looked to where I was standing in the wings and motioned with his head for me to join him . He handed me his candy-apple-red Gibson ES-335 , and we shared a microphone on "  Barbara Ann , " and I wish you who are reading these words could look out into a Beach Boys audience and see the upturned faces on the cusp of another summer , the people joyfully singing along with songs whose lyrics they know as well as they know the Pledge of Allegiance or the names of the presidents . Unhappiness , it seems , can against all odds be kept at bay . One-hundred-five minutes at a time . It was after the encore , after the audience had filed out , that I returned to the stage and tore that set list from the floor . I glanced at it : CATCH . SAFARI . CAL GIRLS . BE TRUE . GET AROUND . ... I stuck it into my pocket . A souvenir in advance of warm months that will soon be arriving . However many of those heartbeats we each are given , they seem to swell more gratefully when summer is on its way . Catch a wave and you 're sitting on top of the world .	Bob Greene says it 's been nearly 50 years since Beach Boys started singing and touring He says their songs are American classics and still have resonance Greene : "  They are America 's enduring soundtrack of summer "
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- The son of a Philippines provincial governor is voluntarily turning himself in for questioning in the massacre of at least 57 unarmed civilians , a CNN affiliate reported Thursday . Andal Ampatuan Jr. -- who is the mayor of Datu Unsay and the son of Maguindanao Governor Andal Ampatuan -- has agreed to face questioning , reported Patricia Evangelista of ABS-CBN . Ampatuan was not identified by authorities as a suspect in the killings in the southern Philippines , though victims ' survivors and local media reports had done so . Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo "  is enraged by these barbaric acts , " spokesman Cerge Remonde said . "  She has literally thrown the full force of the law and has mobilized the security and police forces of the state to go after the perpetrators . " Philippines authorities had disbanded a paramilitary force in the southern Philippines suspected of playing a role in the massacre , the country 's state-run media reported Wednesday . Remonde said the deaths were the result of a political clan war , not Muslim secessionism in that troubled region of the country . "  So far as this case is concerned , this is a limited clan political rivalry , which has been going on for some time now , " Remonde said . The death toll grew Wednesday after 11 more bodies were recovered from a rural area of Mindanao and buried . Arroyo has declared Wednesday a national day of mourning . Arroyo 's government is under intense pressure to find those responsible for planning and carrying out the abduction and killing of the group of about 60 politicians , lawyers and journalists -- and reportedly some bystanders . Suspicion has fallen on the Ampatuan family , key allies of the Arroyo administration in the Maguindanao region of the southern Mindanao province . Ampatuan family members have not commented on the slaying allegations . Remonde appeared to blame the Ampatuan clan , adding : "  There is , however , a move now by the administration party to expel the suspected clan . " Those killed include the wife and two sisters of a local politician who plans to run for the spot vacated next year by Maguindanao 's governor , Andal Ampatuan . While the investigation is ongoing , a spokesman for the country 's national police has said that Andal Ampatuan Jr. has been linked to the crime , according to local media reports . "  According to the initial reports , those who were abducted and murdered at Saniag were initially stopped by a group led by the mayor of Datu Unsay , " National Police spokesman Chief Superintendent Leonardo Espina said , according to ABS-CBN News . The massacre is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippines history . On Monday morning , in daylight , a group of about 100 gunmen stopped a convoy carrying supporters and family members of local politician Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , witnesses and officials say . Mangudadatu had sent his wife and sisters to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao in May after he had been threatened and told not to file the papers himself . He said the threats came from allies of Governor Ampatuan . The number of people kidnapped and killed was still unclear , as recovery continued at the mass grave site in Maguindanao . A car traveling behind the convoy was mistaken for being a part of the politician 's contingent , a local official told the Philippines GMA News Network . The car was instead heading to a hospital , according to Tom Robles , head of the Tacurong City Employees Union , who spoke to GMA News . The driver and four passengers -- including a government employee who had suffered a mild stroke and his wife -- were rounded up and killed along with the members of the convoy ahead of them , Robles said . A police official confirmed that the car and the bodies of three of the passengers were among those recovered at the grave site , GMA reported . The state-run Philippines News Agency said the ruling Lakas-Kampi-CMD  Christian , Muslim , Democrats  was to meet Wednesday to discuss whether to remove the Ampatuan clan members in Mindanao from the party as a result of the killings . "  In our opinion , they were not able to fulfill their obligations to the party , " said former Defense Secretary Gilberto "  Gibo " Teodoro , Lakas-Kampi-CMD national president and the party 's standard bearer in the 2010 elections , in a radio interview , according to PNA . Ampatuans hold leadership positions in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao , including governor of the region , governor of Maguindanao and mayor of Datu Unsay . "  Like many others , I am appalled and outraged by it , and I join the rising chorus of indignation against it , " Arroyo said . "  This is not a simple election feud between opposing clans ; this is a supreme act of inhumanity that is a blight on our nation . The perpetrators will not escape justice . The law will haunt them until they are caught . "	NEW : Authorities did not identify Ampatuan as a suspect Datu Unsay mayor led group that initially stopped civilians , police cite reports as saying Ampatuans hold leadership positions in Mindanao Authorities disband paramilitary force in the southern Philippines
CNN  -- Abbas Khan 's family had been preparing for a homecoming in Britain after learning that Syria 's government was going to release him . The 32-year-old orthopedic surgeon was arrested for entering Syria without a visa more than a year ago after volunteering to treat wounded victims of that country 's civil war . After his mother personally pleaded with top Syrian officials to free him , they appeared to have relented . A member of the House of Commons , George Galloway , was planning to fly to Damascus to bring him home on Friday . Instead , his family was told that Khan was dead by his own hand , found hanging in his cell -- a report his brother called "  absolute slander " Tuesday . "  All the signs were that they were teeing him up for release ... and now somehow , in a shroud of mystery , he 's just hung himself , " the brother , Shah Nawaz Khan , told CNN . "  It makes no sense . " Their grief came as Syrian government aircraft pounded the city where Khan was arrested for a third day , killing more than 70 people , opposition activists reported . Khan had been volunteering in Aleppo , the country 's largest city , when he was taken into custody in November 2012 , his brother said . He had always wanted to put his medical degree to work for relief agencies , and began working with a charity in Turkey that summer , his brother said . "  There 's no suggestion he was there for anything other than just humanitarian causes , " he said . ' I think he 's been silenced ' Khan was on his second trip into Syria , having crossed the border through a checkpoint manned by the rebel Free Syrian Army when he was arrested , Shah Nawaz Khan said . "  It may be naive , but he understood some of the risks there , to help people on the ground there , " he said . "  He worked 40 hours nonstop , operating on critically injured individuals , saving the lives of women and children . " Then he "  disappeared off the radar . " His family learned of his arrest six months later via diplomats from India , their ancestral home , Shah Nawaz Khan told CNN . His mother flew to Damascus , where she "  rung every bell , knocked on every door and groveled " in an attempt to secure his release . Syrian officials eventually transferred Khan from military custody to a civilian lockup , where his mother was allowed to visit , Shah Nawaz Khan said . He was emaciated and showed "  clear signs of maltreatment , " but his condition had improved before his transfer . He wrote letters home "  almost every other day , " the last telling them his release appeared to be in the works . Instead , they were told Monday that he had killed himself . "  It 's just trying to defend them against the indefensible , " Shah Nawaz Khan said . "  He 's been summarily executed without trial or due process ... I think he 's been silenced for whatever he might have to say . " In a statement posted online Tuesday , Galloway -- the fiery leftist and political celebrity -- said he had been working with Syrian officials for months to try to secure Khan 's release and had been scheduled to bring him home from Damascus at week 's end . "  I think we will have to wait for clarification on how exactly he died , but this is heartbreaking and devastating news for his family who have been working so hard for so long to secure his release , " he said . "  Particularly because his freedom had been agreed and he was due to return with me in the next few days . My sincere condolences go out to his family , whose pain is unbearable . " There was no immediate comment on Khan 's death from Syrian government agencies . From metropolis to battlefield More than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria 's nearly 3-year-old civil war , according to the United Nations . In Aleppo , the relief agency Doctors Without Borders said hospitals have been "  overwhelmed " by casualties after waves of airstrikes using so-called barrel bombs : drums packed with explosives and shrapnel and dropped by helicopters . "  For the past three days , the helicopters have been targeting different areas , among them a school and the Haydarya roundabout , where people wait for public transport vehicles , " said Aitor Zabalgogeazkoa , a Doctors Without Borders coordinator in Syria . "  In both cases , there were dozens of dead and injured people . A dozen bodies were being lined up in front of three hospitals waiting to be recovered by the families . " By Tuesday , new attacks had killed 73 people , including five children , bringing the three-day toll to 212 , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency did not explicitly mention the use of barrel bombs Tuesday , but said "  armed terrorist groups were entirely eliminated " in several parts of Aleppo . State media often describes opposition forces bent out ousting President Bashar al-Assad as "  terrorists . " Tuesday 's carnage follows two days of intense bloodshed in what was once Syria 's economic hub . At least 83 people were killed Sunday by aerial bombing in Aleppo , including 27 children , the LCC said . Another 56 people died there Monday from similar attacks , the dissident group said . Entire buildings have been flattened in the blasts , the opposition Syrian National Coalition said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf decried the alleged use of barrel bombs . "  We strongly condemn the latest development from over the weekend that the Assad regime has dropped barrel bombs in and around Aleppo , killing dozens , including women and children , " she said . "  These bombs and the explosive materials contained within them further underscore the brutality of the Assad regime and the lengths they will go to attack and kill their own people . " Syria 's descent into civil war began in March 2011 , when Assad 's regime forcefully cracked down on peaceful anti-government protesters . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	British doctor 's brother calls suicide report "  absolute slander " Abbas Khan had been expected to return to Britain by Christmas He had been held since November 2012 for entering Syria without a visa Another day of "  barrel bombs " pounds Aleppo ; dozens killed
New York  CNN  -- A veteran New York policeman , jailed since October after being accused of involvement with drug dealers , is now charged with plotting to kill a witness who was to testify against him . Officer Jose Ramos , from the NYPD 's 40th Precinct in the Bronx , was charged Thursday along with his wife , Wanda Abreu , who is accused of using Ramos ' pension money to pay off a hit man . The district attorney 's office did not identify the hit man or the witness . "  Ramos once said , without him  the witness  , there is no case . And so they began conspiring to have that witness killed , " Omer Wiczyk , assistant Bronx district attorney , testified in court . "  He said explicitly : Go ahead , do it ; but do it right away . " Both Ramos and Abreu pleaded not guilty . "  We 're very shocked and my client denies all these charges , and we 're going to fight them , " Dawn Florio , Ramos ' defense attorney , said Thursday . The Bronx district attorney 's office said in a news release that the couple attempted to arrange the killing "  through face-to-face meetings and telephone calls , some of which were recorded at a detention facility on Rikers Island , where Ramos is awaiting trial . " Court papers say the conversations took place between September and May . Ramos and Abreu were charged with three counts of conspiracy in the second degree , and one of criminal solicitation in the second degree . If convicted of conspiracy , the most serious of the charges , they could be sentenced to up to 25 years in prison , officials said . Ramos already faced numerous charges of attempted robbery , attempted grand larceny , transportation of what he believed to be drugs to drug dealers and revealing the identity of a confidential source . Those actions are alleged to have occurred from March to November 2009 . He was investigated after an anonymous tip to police . Prosecutors say they also stumbled upon an alleged ticket-fixing scandal over the course of the investigation of Ramos , and officials have since accused 16 other police officers of getting rid of tickets for friends or family . The ticket-fixing charges are unrelated to Ramos . Bail for Ramos from the charges filed against him in October remains at $ 500,000 cash .	A New York Police officer and his wife tried to arrange the killing , prosecutors say "  We 're very shocked " at the charges , Officer Jose Ramos ' attorney says Ramos has been in jail since October after being accused of involvement with drug dealers
CNN  -- In baseball-crazy Japan , where players are treated as celebrities , Yu Darvish is a superstar . A new giant of the game ? The 6ft 5 in Yu Darvish could soon be thrown a deal into the big time of MLB . He 's been called the greatest pitcher in the country , but the relaxed 23-year-old takes any pressure that comes his way , on and off the field , in his substantial stride . Standing 6 feet 5 inches  196 centimeters  he immediately stands out from most other players in the game and has added some extra color to the sport , as well as some peerless pitching . "  I do n't really feel that much pressure , " he told CNN . "  Instead , I 'm just happy to play the game here . I have a pride in being a baseball player . With poor results , I would feel responsible for it and feel embarrassed . I do n't want to become like that . So setting high standards for myself does n't cause frustrations . " He joined the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters straight after High School where he had been identified as the most promising player for many years . He was almost immediately thrust into the media spotlight as an 18-year-old when he was photographed smoking a cigarette in a pachinko parlor . The media outcry that followed would have been comparable to a U.S. Major League player caught in a doping scandal . With an Iranian father and Japanese mother , Darvish had a different upbringing from most of his schoolmates . "  I grew up in a different environment from the typical Japanese family , " Darvish said . "  Compared to them , we had quite different life . But my parents gave me the great influences and I am very grateful for that . " He remains in contact with his family heritage in Iran , organizing games in the country and sending over kits to youth teams . He has also helped to set up the Yu Darvish Water Fund to help provide clean water to communities in developing countries . But mostly for Darvish , "  it 's baseball all the time . " He practices every day , even on days off , and has no problem living and breathing baseball . "  Baseball is a game where you can never predict what will happen next , " he said . "  With great players , the sport creates drama . If you come to the stadium , you will soon understand how exciting baseball is . I wish everyone could see a game in Japan . " Japanese baseball players are expected to lead an exemplary life off the field , and while Darvish was never the enfant-terrible of the game , he believes that marriage to actress Saeko in 2007 has had a particularly positive effect on his life and his game . "  My lifestyle became more stable after the marriage . Marriage gave me many positive influences . If I 'm in a tight spot on the mound , I think of my wife and I think how sad she will be if I am batted down . This helps me to throw better , " he said . He maintains he 's happy playing in Japan , but he could be the next big thing from Japan to hit the U.S. Major League . Rumors have circulated that the likes of the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox are willing to pay the Fighters millions of dollars just to talk about the prospect of signing him . The unflappable Darvish refuses to play up the attention coming his way from the other side of the Pacific . "  Ichiro Suzuki , Hideki Matsui , Daisuke Matsuzaka and all the other Japanese players are doing a great job in the States . They really encourage me to become a better player . But I do n't particularly dream of playing in the major league or in the states now . " But if he produces more stellar performances he may well be living that dream , sooner rather than later .	23-year-old has been feted as the best pitcher in Japan and has celebrity status Plays with Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters ; father is Iranian , mother is Japanese Touted as next Japanese player to make an impact in U.S. Major League
CNN  -- He stood before judges Wednesday not as the first former head of state convicted of war crimes since World War II but as a leader convinced he was wronged by corruption and a hypocritical hand of justice . In his last stand at a special court for Sierra Leone , his last chance to address the world before he is locked behind bars , former Liberian President Charles Taylor made a plea for why he should be spared the harshest sentence for his conviction on aiding and abetting war crimes . He said he was saddened by last month 's guilty verdict , in which the court said he had assisted Revolutionary United Front rebels who fueled Sierra Leone 's long and bloody civil war that ultimately left 50,000 dead or missing . Taylor insisted his intent was far from what had been portrayed by prosecutors and that he , himself , was a victim . "  What I did to bring peace to Sierra Leone was done with honor , " said Taylor , standing before the tribunal in The Hague , Netherlands , dressed immaculately in suit and tie as he has been all throughout his trial . He delivered a 30-minute defense of his actions in a calm voice , his demeanor the opposite of the combative Ratko Mladic , the Bosnian Serb commander whose war crimes trial opened Wednesday in another special tribunal , one for the former Yugoslavia , in The Hague . Not once , however , did he express remorse . "  I pushed the peace process hard , contrary to how I have been portrayed in this court , " Taylor said . He blamed money for an unfair trial . "  Money played a corrupting , influential , significant and dominant role in this trial , " he said . "  Money , in this case , prejudiced my rights and interests in a irrevocable way . " He said prosecutors received millions of dollars from the United States government and witnesses were paid off . He compared the charges against him to what he called U.S. abuses but said President George W. Bush would never have to stand trial . "  President George W. Bush ordered torture and admitted to doing so , " Taylor said . "  Torture is a crime against humanity . The United States has refused to prosecute him . Is he above the law ? Where is the fairness ? " He warned that other African leaders could receive similar unjust fates . "  I never stood a chance , " Taylor said . "  Only time will tell how many other African heads of state will be destroyed . " Last month 's landmark ruling by the international tribunal against Taylor was the first war crimes conviction of a former head of state by an international court since the Nuremberg trials after World War II that convicted Adm. Karl Doenitz , who became president of Germany briefly after Adolf Hitler 's suicide . Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was tried by an international tribunal , but he died before a judgment was issued . Taylor , 64 , was found guilty of all 11 counts of aiding and abetting rebel forces in Sierra Leone in a campaign of terror that involved murder , rape , sexual slavery , conscripting children younger than 15 and mining diamonds to pay for guns . The prosecutors failed , however , to prove that Taylor assumed direct command over the rebels who committed the atrocities . He has been a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades and was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003 . He fled to Nigeria , where border guards arrested him three years later as he was attempting to cross into Chad . The United Nations and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the special tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The court was moved to Netherlands from Sierra Leone , where emotions about the civil war still run high . In closing , Taylor reminded the court that he was a father and a grandfather , and a man of genuine actions . At 64 , he is not young anymore , he said . He is a man who favors peace and reconciliation , a man , he said , who is the opposite of the monster that the court said he really was . "  I am no threat to society , " Taylor said . Few , however , are likely to agree . The judges ' guilty verdict last month was unanimous and prosecutors have said Taylor deserves a stiff prison sentence to reflect the gravity of the crimes . There is no death penalty in international criminal law . Brenda Hollis , chief prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone , has said an 80-year sentence would be appropriate . "  But for Charles Taylor 's criminal conduct , thousands of people would not have had limbs amputated , would not have been raped , would not have been killed , " Hollis said in a statement released earlier . "  The recommended sentence provides fair and adequate response to the outrage these crimes caused in victims , their families and relatives . " Taylor will find out his fate on May 30 when the special tribunal delivers its sentence .	NEW : Taylor delivers a 30-minute defense of his actions in Sierra Leone NEW : He says his trial was corrupted by money He was convicted of war crimes for his role in aiding rebels in Sierra Leone 's bloody war Judges will deliver a sentence on May 30
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A judge in Fulton County , Georgia , sentenced a woman to 36 years in prison Thursday for her role in an Easter Sunday car wreck last year that left five people dead , and for her subsequent role in trying to cover it up . Aimee Michael sat expressionless as her sentence was read -- guilty of homicide by vehicle in the first degree , serious injury by vehicle , hit and run , reckless driving , failure to maintain lane and tampering with evidence . She also received 14 years ' probation and was ordered not to operate a motor vehicle and to surrender her driver 's license . Michael 's mother , Sheila Michael , was sentenced to eight years for tampering with evidence and hindering her daughter 's apprehension . "  I know , at 22 , there are things that many of us have done in this courtroom that we may not be proud of , decisions we may have made , " Superior Court Judge Kimberly M. Esmond Adams , her voice quavering , told defendant Aimee Michael . "  But this is , for me , from all my days as a prosecutor , from the time that I have spent on the bench , the hardest case I have ever dealt with . " Addressing the elder defendant , Adams said , "  As a result of your failure to act as a mother should , your life and the life of your daughter , unfortunately , will be changed forever . " The incident occurred April 12 , 2009 , when Aimee Michael lost control of her BMW as she was driving in southwest Atlanta to buy ice cream at a grocery store , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported . Her car hit a Mercedes , which slammed into a Volkswagen Beetle . All four occupants of the Mercedes -- Robert Carter , his wife , Delisia Carter , their infant son Ethan Carter , and Kayla Lemons , Delisia Carter 's 9-year-old daughter -- were killed , the newspaper reported . Morgan Johnson , who was 6 years old , died in the Volkswagen . Ten days passed before police , acting on a tip , found Michael 's newly repaired BMW in her family 's driveway in south Fulton County . In court , both women -- dressed in blue prison jumpsuits -- offered tearful apologies . "  I have wronged three families , and for that I am sorry , " Aimee Michael said , her voice cracking . "  I apologize to the Carter family and I apologize to the Johnson family ... Not a day goes by that I do n't pray for your comfort and your peace and your healing . ... I want to apologize to my family and to my mother and my father and everybody that I 've let down , and I pray that God forgives me . " Said Sheila Michael : "  To all the families , I 'm very sorry ... my prayer for you each day is that your sorrow be comforted in His loving arms . " Robert Carter 's mother and sister , Sherry Fain and Tomeika Fain , told HLN 's "  Prime News " they were unmoved by the Michaels ' apologies . "  There 's nothing that they can say to ease the pain and the hurt that I feel of losing my child , my firstborn and his only child , that was Robert 's only child he had -- little Ethan , " said Sherry Fain . "  Even if she had come back or turned herself in to the police -- but to repair the car ? No , they have no remorse . They do n't . " Tomeika Fain said Aimee Michael should have received a longer sentence . "  My brother , he died a horrific death -- he and his family , " she said . "  She had no remorse , to me . She was just worried about herself . " She said Thursday 's comments in court by the Michaels were the first she had heard from either woman , adding that she would like to hear more details . "  I want to know what happened , " Tomeika Fain said . "  Were you on the phone , were you texting , were you smoking ? " At the courthouse , Morgan Johnson 's mother , Tracie Johnson , who was badly injured herself , told a reporter she has no hate for the Michaels . "  Each and every day , I am reminded by that accident on Easter Sunday , whether it is physical pain or emotional pain , " she said . "  I just want the defendants to know that I pray for them . " Aimee Michael 's lawyer , W. Scott Smith , did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	Five people , 3 of them children , died in the 2009 crash in southwest Atlanta Judge calls it "  the hardest case I have ever dealt with " Aimee Michael , 24 , is convicted on multiple counts , including homicide Her mother , Sheila got 8 years for her role in hindering her daughter 's arrest
Washington  CNN  -- Gregg Keesling chooses his words carefully when he talks about the death of his son , Spc. Chancellor Keesling . As far as he 's concerned , the soldier did n't "  take his own life " or "  commit suicide . " His son "  died by suicide , " Keesling insists -- and he has his reasons why . When 25-year old Chancellor Keesling shot himself in Iraq on June 19 , his family received much support from the military and local officials . Gregg Keesling 's son was given the honor afforded to a fallen service member . The Keesling family went to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to watch as his body was flown back to Indiana six days later . At his burial , seven rifles fired three times each , in true military tradition . Later , the soldier 's aunt created a memorial wall in the family 's Indianapolis living room . On the wall hangs Spc. Keesling 's uniform , the U.S. flag that was handed to his mother , Jannett , after the service and the Indianapolis flag that flew over the state Capitol in his honor . Yet there 's an empty spot on the wall for an honor that never arrived : a letter from the president . Gregg Keesling wanted to know why , especially after hearing President Obama talk about how he struggled to write letters to the families of each and every soldier killed in the war . After pressing for an answer , the family found out the truth : There would be no condolence letter . It 's a matter of policy dating to the Clinton era , according to the White House . The commander in chief sends such letters to the families of troops who have died in combat , but not if they committed suicide , Gregg was told . The policy felt wrong to Gregg and Jannett Keesling . Their son was a hero , and his country should be proud of him , they said . So Gregg Keesling wrote to Obama and Army Chief of Staff Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , imploring them to rethink the policy . "  The recognition of the president could have profound impact on the family of the suicide victim , " Keesling wrote in August . Read the letters to President Obama "  The lack of acknowledgment and condolences from the President , who our family admires greatly , leaves us with an emotional vacuum and a feeling that we his family have somehow -LSB- made -RSB- less of a sacrifice , " he wrote in another letter to Casey . A White House spokesman said the administration is reviewing the "  inherited " policy . "  The President 's thoughts and prayers are with every military family who has lost a loved one in service to our country . As Commander-in-Chief , he has worked with Secretary Gates and Admiral Mullen to address the mental health needs of our service members , " spokesman Tommy Vietor wrote in an e-mail . Spc. Keesling completed two tours of duty in Iraq . When he enlisted in 2003 , the family struggled with his decision . But the young soldier was convinced that he made the right decision , telling his family , "  We must have a military , and somebody 's got to be in it . " Before he deployed 2005 , he was anxious but excited , his mother remembered . However , toward the end of his deployment , the stress of a failing marriage and the shock of war "  began to wear on him terribly , " Gregg Keesling said . In anger , he threw his wedding ring into the Tigris River , his parents said . He was put under suicide watch , and his ammunition was taken away for several days . At home , though , he was "  back to his old self , " his father said , adding that his son found a job at FedEx and a new girlfriend . He was treated at the Veterans Affairs clinic for a shoulder injury and burn he suffered during his deployment . His parents assumed he was being treated for everything he needed . In 2009 , he received new deployment orders . His family suggested that he move to his mother 's native Jamaica to avoid service , but the soldier insisted that it was his obligation to see it through , his parents said . When Keesling deployed again , this time as a reservist , he was n't with his original comrades . Instead , he and 10 other Indiana reserves shipped off with a 300-member unit from Tennessee , with just two months of training together . His mental health records were not passed on either , leaving Spc. Keesling to share his past problems with his unit if he so chose . He never did . "  I understand that , but it is a very big burden to put on a soldier to self-identify , " Gregg Keesling said . In e-mails to his family , Spc. Keesling wrote about how distant he felt from his new brothers in arms . "  I hate going to war with people I do n't know , " he said to his father . Gregg Keesling said his son struggled with members of his unit who joked about troops who committed suicide , oblivious to his struggles . It became too much to bear . After a long-distance fight with his girlfriend , the soldier said in an e-mail that he wanted to shoot himself . After several phone calls , Spc. Keesling told his mother that he would talk to the Army chaplain . He never did . Instead , 12 hours after that e-mail , he went into a latrine and shot himself . The family believes that his suicide was brought on by the stress of war and the distance from loved ones . To them , it is death by injury like any other incident . "  He died by suicide , " Gregg said . "  He just had an injury that we just did not recognize . " And that 's why they want a letter from the president . "  We do n't want to force the president to write a letter of condolence . We hope he would want to , " Gregg said . "  We hope the president of the United States would want to show the appreciation to a family like ours for the sacrifice we made in allowing our son to become a soldier and defend his country . "	Family of Spc. Chancellor Keesling , 25 , wants condolence letter from President Obama Parents believe suicide brought on by stress of war , distance from loved ones White House : "  Inherited " policy lets president write only families of fallen soldiers Family hopes Obama would want to thank them for their sacrifice
CNN  -- The owner of a Houston day care where four small children perished in a fire will face four counts of murder in those deaths , court records showed Thursday . Jessica Tata had previously been charged with six counts of reckless injury to a child and several charges of manslaughter . She will be in court to face the new charges on Friday . Tata , who has dual citizenship in the United States and Nigeria , fled to the African nation shortly after the fatal fire at her Houston home in February . She was taken into custody almost a month later in Port Harcourt , Nigeria , by Interpol and U.S. diplomatic security agents , officials said . Tata 's first stop on her return to the United States was Atlanta , where she was booked into the Fulton County Jail . After waiving her extradition rights during an appearance in magistrate court , Tata was transported to the Harris County Jail in Texas . Investigators allege that Tata , 22 , left seven children alone at her Houston day care center with the stove on while she went to a store . Four children died , and three others were injured in the fire . U.S. Marshals joined the search after Harris County authorities determined that Tata had left the Houston area . They added her their 15 Most Wanted Fugitives list in early March . CNN 's Antoinette Campbell contributed to this report .	Jessica Tata is currently at a Houston-area jail Four children died at her Houston day care in February Tata faces four murder charges She had previously been charged with six counts of reckless injury to a child and several charges of manslaughter
CNN  -- By giving away seeds and teaching people how to grow their own food , Holly Hirshberg is helping to fight hunger in the United States . Hirshberg is founder of The Dinner Garden , a nonprofit that has provided free packs of seeds to 65,000 families nationwide . The group also offers gardening supplies and tips . CNN 's Allie Torgan recently spoke with Hirshberg about her group 's efforts to help families during the recession . Allie Torgan : How easy is it for someone to take part in your program ? Holly Hirshberg : Anybody who wants to garden with us can . They fill out the forms , and then we find between 10 and 11 varieties of seeds that will grow in their area . We package up those seeds into little bags , and we label them individually . We try to ship out stuff so people can grow year round . If you do n't have an area to plant in your yard , grow in containers . You can grow on your front porch . You can grow in a window . People have more space to plant than they think they do . We had one gardener who grew on the headboard of her bed . Torgan : Along with the financial benefits of growing one 's own food -- and the health benefits from eating nutritious foods -- how else does gardening help people ? Hirshberg : When you 're so stressed about being unemployed or about struggling to take care of your family -- which so many Americans struggle with every day -- it 's so nice to have something to get your mind off it . It 's a great place to spend family time . When you have a crisis like this , especially on a national level , people feel bad and want to be alone . And that 's the time when it 's most important to be around other people . You feel better getting out in the world and seeing that things are going on , and feeling that ... energy . When people were able to get out in their garden , they were able to feel like there 's hope . Things are going to get better . Torgan : What 's it like for you when you see kids holding fresh vegetables that came from your seeds ? Hirshberg : It 's wonderful . That 's the reward . We work for no money , and to see that we are making a difference -- to see that people 's lives are improving -- it 's magical . It 's brilliant . It does n't matter how I 'm staying up till 2 in the morning . It does n't matter how hard I 'm working ... the long hours . It 's so worth it that I look at those children and I think : "  Those are going to be kids who never have to worry . That is a skill they will have forever . " Family is so important to me . And I love to see families doing things together . It 's a nice way to bring them together . Parents and children are talking . Grandparents and children are talking . Neighbors and everybody are communicating , and I love that . Torgan : What are your future goals for The Dinner Garden ? Hirshberg : We 'd like to get through our waiting list  for free seeds  . That 's our main No. 1 goal because we do have so many people who still need our help . We would like to go into more educational things to teach people how to use the fruit and vegetables that they grow . And we 'd like to teach some gardening classes . ... With just a couple minutes a day , you really can grow a lot of food for your family . You know , the seeds do all the work . That 's what we tell our gardeners . We provide the seeds . We help you grow them . You eat the food . Goodbye hunger . See the full story on CNN Hero Holly Hirshberg : Free seeds helping Americans get by , live healthier	CNN Hero Holly Hirshberg offers free seeds and gardening advice through her nonprofit The Dinner Garden has helped more than 65,000 American families since 2008 Hirshberg says gardening is easy : "  The seeds do all the work "
CNN  No need to worry about dinner conversation in this cafe , your meal buddy may not be able to speak -- or move , or eat . Hong Kong 's latest eatery , the Moomin Cafe , features Nordic cuisine and a host of stuffed dining companions to help banish the loneliness of solo diners . It 's the first overseas venture for a concept that 's already proved a hit in Japan . The Moomin Cafes are inspired by popular Finnish stories that depict the whimsical adventures of a family of white hippo-like characters and their friends . The Moomins was first published in 1945 in Finland but came to global attention after the creation of several television series , the most popular in the 1990s . Tokyo 's first Moomin Cafe opened in Tokyo in 2003 . Since then , three more have opened and six Moomin-themed coffee stands . The timing of the Hong Kong cafe 's opening could not be better -- this year marks the 100th anniversary of the birth of Moomin creator , Tove Jansson  1914-2001  . Japan 's original Moomin Cafe has been operating for over a decade , but its popularity only exploded earlier this year after its "  anti-loneliness " concept went viral . Plush creatures To save its lone customers from the awkward perils of solo dining , a plush Moomin character is brought over to the table as dining companion . "  I thought if people can stay and sit with Moomin characters like Moominmamma and Moominpappa  parents in the Moomin family  , it 'd be more interesting , " says Mickey Kera , who came up with the cafe concept . But Hong Kong 's single diners may have to fight for an adorable meal buddy . "  Unlike Japan 's anti-lonliness cafes , Moomin characters will be placed at various tables and joining a Moomin character will be up to luck , " says cafe spokeswoman Cindy Wu . Wu says the Hong Kong location will have three additional characters not featured in the Japanese outlets : Hattifatteners , Little My and Snufkin . Bringing Finland to Hong Kong Though originating in Japan , the Hong Kong cafe tries to reflect Finnish lifestyle and cuisine . The Tsim Tsa Tsui venue is designed to look like a tradition Finnish house , with photographs of Finland and hand drawn artwork of Moomins . "  I love the venison soup stew , salmon milk soup and Jansson 's temptation  baked potato with caramelized onion gratin  , which are traditional Nordic dishes , " says Kera . "  I really want to introduce Moomin and Finnish lifestyle to Hong Kong people . " The cafe also serves Finnish traditional bread called Piirakka and Scandinavian salad with pickled herring , as well as a Nordic dish of salmon with goat cheese and basil . Exclusive only in this cafe The Hong Kong restaurant features dishes not available in Japan , such as Moomin House Pancakes -- an impressive stack drizzled with cream and accompanied by a three-story ceramic Moomin house containing custard pudding , chocolate mousse and mango jelly . Sadly , you do n't get to take the Moomin house home , but diners ordering the Souvenir Mango Cup Pudding are allowed to keep the mug used to serve the dessert . In addition to the Moomin pancake house , coffee mugs and Moomin-shaped pasta are available at the souvenir store . Moomin Cafe Harbour City , LCX , Ocean Terminal , Tsim Sha Tsui , Hong Kong ; +85227300963 ; open daily 11 a.m.-11 p.m. . A separate pop-up store will open until January 4 , 2015 .	Japan 's Moomin cafe opens in Hong Kong where diners can sit with stuffed animals when dining The Moomin cafe made to look like a Finnish house and garden in one of Hong Kong 's busiest malls Nordic foods include venison stew , salmon milk soup and piirakka
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and visiting Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff on Monday stressed the importance of strong ties between their countries , despite Brazil 's concerns about U.S. economic policies that it says can work against emerging economies . In comments to reporters after a White House meeting , Obama and Rousseff highlighted the areas of cooperation on energy development , education and trade as the two leaders prepare to attend the upcoming Summit of the Americas in Cartagena , Colombia , beginning Friday . However , they made no mention of less collaborative topics , such as whether each country will purchase new military aircraft from the other , or whether the United States will support Brazil 's efforts to gain a seat at the U.N. Security Council . Two-way trade between Brazil and the United States last year totaled around $ 74 billion , according to the U.S. Census Bureau , and the balance has gone from a U.S. deficit to a surplus in recent years . Brazil has recently announced a series of measures to boost economic growth and rein in its overvalued currency , including slashing interest rates and levying taxes on short-term currency inflows . At the same time , Brazil complains that low U.S. interest rates amid a sluggish recovery are hurting foreign trade partners . On Monday , Rousseff and her foreign affairs minister both noted the U.S. trade surplus with Brazil , and Rousseff called for better balance in U.S. monetary and fiscal policies to prevent a depreciation of the dollar that harms emerging market trade partners . Expansionist monetary policies , such as holding down interest rates , in isolation of fiscal expansion through increased investments , "  ultimately lead to a depreciation in the value of the currencies of developed countries , thus impairing growth outlooks in emerging countries , " Rousseff said . Earlier , in comments to U.S. business leaders , Foreign Minister Antonio de Agular Patriota cited increased trade between the countries despite the global economic downturn of recent years , but he also called the Brazilian trade deficit with the United States "  not ideal " and "  a challenge . " In particular , he said the United States now buys more Brazilian commodities and fewer of his country 's manufactured goods , adding , "  this is something we have to look at very seriously , and we will . " In her comments , Rousseff noted that the global economy 's "  resumption of growth in the medium-term future certainly involves a substantial resumption of growth in the U.S. economy . " "  We very much welcome the major improvements that have been found in the U.S. economy in the recent past , and I am quite certain that that will very much be the emphasis in the next few months and years ahead under the capable leadership of President Obama , " she added in what amounted to either an endorsement or prediction of Obama 's re-election in November . It is Rousseff 's first official visit to Washington as Brazilian president and comes more than a year after Obama went to Brazil , shortly after Rousseff came to power in the South American country . In his own remarks to reporters , Obama emphasized Brazil 's rising influence in global affairs as a South American power that has become the world 's sixth-largest economy . He cited "  the extraordinary progress that Brazil has made " to become "  not only a leading voice in the region , but also a leading voice in the world . " In particular , Obama noted Brazil 's growing energy development and its growth into a leader in the biofuel industry as well as a major player in oil and gas development . "  The United States is not only a potential large customer to Brazil , but we think that we can cooperate closely on a whole range of energy projects together , " Obama said at a time when he is under attack from Republicans over rising domestic gas prices . Speaking through a translator , Rousseff agreed that oil and gas development offered "  a tremendous opportunity for further cooperation , both as regards the supply of equipment and provision of services , and also as regards a wider role in our trade relations . " In addition , she welcomed a recent U.S. decision to cut tariffs on Brazilian ethanol , which strengthened the partnership between the nations in biofuel development . Rousseff also touted her country 's Science Without Borders program , which seeks to send 100,000 students overseas for science education and training , including 20,000 to the United States . She will travel Tuesday to Boston to speak at two desired destinations of Brazilian science students : Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . As part of its desire to raise its international status as a major emerging economy , Brazil is seeking membership on the U.N. Security Council . So far , the U.S. government has expressed support for India to join the Security Council but offered no position on Brazil , and the topic was not mentioned Monday . CNN 's Shasta Darlington and Becky Brittain contributed to this report .	NEW : Brazil 's president calls for a balanced U.S. economic approach NEW : The two leaders discuss cooperation in oil and biofuel development Two-way trade between Brazil and the United States totaled $ 74 billion in 2011 Brazil is the world 's sixth-largest economy
