CNN  -- The most impressive feature of the new iPhone 5S may be its ability to turn your finger into a password . Touch ID is Apple 's name for a new fingerprint scanner that would act as a security tool for log-ins and for making purchases from iTunes and other Apple stores . "  Your fingerprint is one of the best passwords in the world , " said Dan Riccio , a senior vice president for hardware design at Apple , in a promotional video . "  It 's always with you and no two are exactly alike . " Apple unveiled the iPhone 5S , along with a cheaper , simpler iPhone 5C , at an event Tuesday at the company 's California headquarters . On the new 5S , the Home button will be made of sapphire crystal and act as a reader . According to Apple a fingerprint -- up to five prints from different users , depending on who else shares your phone -- can be read by the sensor from any angle to give access the same way a password does currently . The fingerprint data is encrypted , Riccio said , and stored internally on the phone . "  It 's never available to other software and it 's never stored on Apple 's servers or backed up to iCloud , " he said . The iPhone is n't the first phone to have a fingerprint sensor . In 2011 , the Motorola ATRIX 4G included one , though adoption among users was n't particularly high and the company eventually discontinued the feature . And at least one Android phone to be released this year also will have the technology , according to a Wall Street Journal report . Some laptops and PCs have had fingerprint readers for several years now . But the technology has never really caught on , with users often complaining about them being balky and unreliable . Maybe Apple can change that . "  Fingerprint sensors have come a long way , " said Michael Barrett , president of the Fast Identity Online Alliance , an industry group advocating for universal security authentication tools . "  They are by and large much better quality now and very readily able to detect ` Is this just an image of a finger or a real-life finger ? ' " But while he called Touch ID "  an exciting announcement , " Barrett still sees some problems . First , he said , fingerprint scanning still is n't perfect . He mentioned his wife , an artist , who has trouble accessing her PC with a fingerprint scanner when she 's been working with plaster , which dries out her hands . "  Like many biometrics , it falls slightly into ` your mileage may vary , ' " he said . "  If it works for you , great . But it may not work for you all the time . " The former chief information security officer at PayPal , Barrett also sees limitations to using the system for online purchases . While it may work fine on iTunes or in the App Store , it 's not likely other Web retailers are going to spend millions of dollars to make their systems accommodate an Apple feature used on fewer than 17 percent of the world 's smartphones . That means iPhone 5S owners who used Touch ID for purchases inside Apple 's "  walled garden " would still need to use other security tools to shop elsewhere with the same phone . David Rogers , director of the Columbia Business School 's Digital Marketing program and executive director of its Center for Global Brand Leadership , called Touch ID one of several "  nice , " but ultimately underwhelming , features on the iPhone 5S . "  Touch ID ... could have been that killer app . But so far , it 's just a feature that saves you a couple seconds logging in , " he said . "  If they can manage to link it to multiple profiles on a device , like the new Google Nexus tablets , or make it a password to controlling smart devices in the home -- your stereo , thermostat , etc. -- that could make for a truly killer feature . But they just did n't get there today . " Paco Hope , principal consultant at software security firm Cigital , said that , if nothing else , Apple will widely expand the public 's understanding of the use of biometrics in the digital world . "  People 's ideas about biometrics were as informed by Hollywood as they were by real products and experiences , " he said . "  Now , when someone asks the value of a fingerprint scanner , we can point to the iPhone and use it as a reference , for better or worse . "  Esoteric and academic theories of usability , reliability , false positives , false negatives , and so on will suddenly be tested by millions of real users in real situations . "	On the iPhone 5S , Touch ID uses your fingerprint for security Fingerprint data is encrypted , stored on phone , not Apple servers Some experts say Apple 's tech is nice , but wo n't be game-changer
CHARLESTON , South Carolina  CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidates faced questions directly from voters on Monday in the first CNN/YouTube debate . Democratic candidates answered questions ranging from Iraq to taxes to Al Gore . The lights and cameras were focused on the eight candidates , but it was the personal , heartfelt and , at times , comical nature of the user questions that stole the spotlight . Questions included one from a father who lost a son in Iraq and wondered if he would lose another , a gay couple asking why they should n't be allowed to marry and a woman stricken with breast cancer who asked if her chance of survival would be better if she had health insurance . In all , 39 questions were asked from the 3,000 submissions YouTube said it received . Most observers agreed that none of the candidates debating at The Citadel in Charleston , South Carolina , particularly outshone their rivals , doing nothing to challenge Sen. Hillary Clinton 's position as the Democratic race 's front-runner . Watch the candidates judge the strengths and weaknesses of each other " An average of 11 national polls taken in June put Clinton in the lead at 40 percent to Sen. Barack Obama 's 25 percent and 14 percent for former Sen. John Edwards . The rest of the field was in single digits . The video questions came in all forms -- people facing the camera straight-on , people in makeup , people with flash cards . There were the two men from Tennessee and their "  Red State Update " asking if the candidates were hurt by all the attention given non-runner Al Gore as well as a man who sang about how much tax he paid . And then there was the talking snowman with a question about global warming . Interspersed with the questions and answers were videos the campaigns had produced themselves . Edwards ' video took a swipe at Republicans , who had raised the issue of his spending $ 400 for haircuts , with a video that showed the haircuts of President Bush and embattled U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales morph into images from Iraq and the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina to the tune of the song "  Hair " from the musical of the same name . One of the highlights came when a YouTuber asked the candidates to look to their left and say one thing about that person they liked and one thing they disliked . Edwards said he liked Clinton 's service to the country , as well as her husband 's . But Edwards looked at the salmon-colored jacket Clinton wore and said jokingly , "  But I do n't know about that jacket . " See telling quotes from each candidate " New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson noted that each one would make an excellent contribution to his future administration . The debate continued online after the lights went down on the set as Web users weighed in on the candidates ' performances and on the groundbreaking format . Some said that the questions from YouTubers were as good or better than those of the media and phrased that the candidates had a tough time ducking them . Others , though , said that the candidates dodged questions from YouTubers like they did those of the media . Jordan Williams , a student at the University of Kansas , asked Clinton and Obama how they would address critics who charge that "  either one is not authentically black enough , or the other is not satisfactorily feminine . " "  Well , I could n't run as anything other than a woman , " Clinton replied , drawing laughs . "  But , obviously , I 'm not running because I 'm a woman . " Obama , who is biracial , said , "  You know , when I 'm catching a cab in Manhattan -- in the past , I think I 've given my credentials . " Rep. Dennis Kucinich narrowed the focus to Iraq , saying he voted against the war in Iraq -- which sets him apart from other candidates on the stage . He said he would never send Americans to fight in a war based on "  a lie . " And he faulted his colleagues in Congress for allowing the war to continue , saying voters did n't vote Republicans out of control of Congress last fall just to get a Democratic version of the war . Sen. Chris Dodd expressed frustration at how the Iraq war has colored opinions of the U.S. around the world . "  We 've lost our moral leadership in the world , " Dodd said . "  No one listens to us when it comes to foreign policy . " Richardson tried to put distance between himself and his senatorial rivals on the stage , saying that all U.S. troops should be brought home from Iraq by the end of 2007 "  with no residual forces . " "  The time has come to bring the troops home . No politics . Get it done , " he said . That brought a retort from Sen. Joe Biden , who said a pullout of U.S. combat troops would take at least a year to complete and that , unless some U.S. forces remained in Iraq , all of the American civilians there would have to be evacuated as well . "  You better have helicopters ready to take those 3,000 civilians inside the Green Zone -LSB- in Baghdad -RSB- , " he said . "  You better make sure you have protection for them , or let them die . " Another question asked if the candidates would scrap or revise "  No Child Left Behind . " Richardson and Biden said they would do away with it . A gay female couple appeared on the screen next , asking if the candidates would allow them to be married . Kucinich said yes ; Dodd and Edwards said no but that they support civil unions for gay couples . "  The honest answer is I do n't -LSB- support gay marriage -RSB- , " said Edwards . "  But I think it 's wrong for me as the president of the United States to use my faith to deny anyone their rights . " Asked whether he would work for the minimum wage , which goes from $ 5.15 per hour to $ 5.85 on Tuesday , former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel responded : "  Oh , yes , I would , but I would say that we do n't need a minimum wage ; we need a living wage . We do n't have that in this country because of what they passed . " The debate kicked off with a series of questions from voters that moderator Anderson Cooper described as "  not making the cut . " They included a questioner dressed in a Viking outfit , a 5-year-old posing a question about Social Security and a man in a chicken costume . Though CNN vetted the questions , it was the first time that a journalist or a professional has not dictated what is asked of the candidates . The debate was considered crucial for candidates wishing to stand out among their Democratic challengers , especially to distinguish themselves from Clinton . South Carolina will hold one of the first primaries early next year , following on the heels of the Iowa precinct caucuses and the New Hampshire primary . For Democrats , the contest in the Palmetto State will be a key early test of strength among black voters . In 2004 , exit polls showed about 47 percent of primary voters were black , in a race Edwards , a South Carolina native , won . Republican presidential candidates will face questions from YouTube users in a debate scheduled November 28 in Florida . E-mail to a friend	YouTube questions were sometimes personal , heartfelt and comical Observers say no candidate stood out enough to challenge front-runner Clinton Kucinich points out he voted against Iraq war as opposed to other candidates Dodd : "  We 've lost our moral leadership in the world " because of war
Boston  CNN  -- A man who 'd been prepared to testify in the trial of reputed Boston mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger was found dead -- a day after , a friend says , he learned he was dropped from the prosecution 's witness list . Massachusetts State Police are investigating the death of Stephen Rakes , 59 , the Middlesex County district attorney 's office said Thursday . A jogger reported finding Rakes ' body Wednesday in Lincoln , west of Boston , said Stephanie Guyotte , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office . An autopsy to determine cause and manner of death was conducted Thursday by the chief medical examiner 's office and no signs of trauma were found , according to Guyotte . Results are pending toxicology tests , which generally takes several weeks to complete . Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during some two decades when prosecutors say he terrorized South Boston as the head of the Irish mob . He also faces charges of extortion , racketeering and money laundering . He has pleaded not guilty to all charges . Shot-by-shot testimony in Bulger trial makes jurors squirm Rakes had alleged that Bulger forced Rakes to sell his South Boston liquor store to him in the 1980s . Steve Davis , a brother of one of Bulger 's alleged murder victims and a friend of Rakes , said that Rakes learned Tuesday that the prosecution had dropped him from its list of potential witnesses . "  I was upset for him ... because he was looking forward to " testifying , said Davis , who said he 'd become close to Rakes in the months leading to Bulger 's trial , which began in June . Davis said he tried to reach Rakes on Tuesday but his call was not returned . Asked whether Rakes was upset about being dropped , Davis said : "  I think it was real devastating to him . " Last Monday , former Bulger associate Kevin Weeks testified that "  it was n't your regular extortion , " adding that Rakes offered to sell his store to Bulger . Weeks explained to the federal jury that Rakes was willing to sell his liquor store Stippo 's for $ 100,000 , but tried to back out of the deal at the last second . Weeks , who on the stand repeated over and over "  I do n't like Rakes , " said that Bulger had forced the store owner to take the deal . Expletives fly between Bulger and Kevin Weeks Rakes later told the media that Weeks was a liar and that his liquor store was "  never for sale . " Weeks turned state 's evidence after he found out Bulger was an FBI informant and led law enforcement to a quarry of shallow graves in Boston tidal marshes . He pleaded guilty to assisting in five murders in 2000 and served five years in prison in exchange for cooperating against Bulger . A representative of the U.S. attorney 's office that is prosecuting Bulger declined to comment Thursday on the death . Rakes "  showed up at court every day for this trial , " Boston Globe columnist Kevin Cullen told "  CNN Newsroom . " He said he last saw Rakes at the trial on Tuesday . "  He 's been waiting decades to tell his story , " Cullen said . Michael Connolly , a lawyer who once represented Rakes , told CNN on Thursday that he was shocked to learn of Rakes ' death . "  I saw him a month ago , and he looked fit , healthy , and was in good spirits , " Connolly said . "  He was looking forward to testifying at the ` Whitey ' Bulger trial . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Stephen Rakes , 59 , is found dead in a Boston-area town Rakes recently was dropped from a list of potential witnesses against James "  Whitey " Bulger He had no obvious signs of trauma ; police are investigating , DA 's office says Rakes had alleged Bulger , a reputed former Boston mob boss , took his store from him
San Diego  CNN  -- Mitt , we hardly knew ye . Or should I say , "  primo ! " As much as it embarrasses me to admit it , given some of his views and how he expresses them , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee and I could be distant cousins . Romney 's father , George , was born in Chihuahua , Mexico , and so was my grandfather , Roman . Que ? You did n't know that Mitt Romney was half-Mexican ? It 's true . In fact , if he makes it to the White House , in addition to becoming the first Mormon in the Oval Office , he could also be the nation 's first Hispanic president . Do n't laugh . Technically , Romney is just as "  Mexican " as former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , who was born of a Mexican mother and American father . When Richardson ran for the White House in 2008 , he was often touted by the media as someone who would become the nation 's first Hispanic president . Yet , I would imagine that a lot of Americans are n't aware of this branch of the Romney family tree , and that 's because it is not a detail that Romney usually talks about publicly -- and especially not on the campaign trail . That changed this week when Romney -- in talking about his father , a self-made man who worked his way up from nothing to become head of American Motors Corporation , governor of Michigan and a Republican presidential candidate in 1968 -- told a crowd at the Rochester Opera House in New Hampshire that his father was born in Mexico and came to the United States at 5 . Romney 's great-grandfather , Miles Park Romney , fled the United States and crossed into Mexico in 1885 to escape religious persecution . He helped build the Mormon enclave of Colonia Juarez in Chihuahua . Miles Park Romney never became a Mexican citizen , and neither did his son , Gaskell , or grandson , George . They were all denied Mexican citizenship because statutes on the books in Mexico denied that right to American settlers and their offspring . Speaking to the crowd in New Hampshire , Mitt Romney compared his father 's story to those of countless other immigrants who have come to this country seeking economic opportunity . My grandfather , a Mexican citizen , also came to the United States legally as a child in the early 1900s with his family , trying to escape the chaos of the Mexican Revolution . It was during the same time that Romney 's grandfather , Gaskell , returned to the United States with his family , also legally and presumably for the same reason Now , hold on to your sombrero . I 'm an American , born in the United States to parents who were born in the United States . In fact , three of my four grandparents were born in the United States . And yet , growing up , people in my hometown in Central California referred to me and other Mexican-Americans like me as "  Mexican . " That was the shorthand . But comparing bloodlines , you could say that Romney is more "  Mexican " than I am . After all , Romney is just one generation removed from our ancestral homeland ; I 'm two . This is ironic given that I 've spent the last 20 years criticizing politicians who twist the facts , propose simple solutions and pick on those who do n't have a voice . And Romney has spent the last several months doing precisely that , just like he did during his failed 2008 presidential bid . He has used illegal immigration as a weapon against Republican opponents who propose reasonable solutions and in the process portrayed illegal immigrants , most of whom come from Mexico , as takers who come to the United States for free public benefits and ought not be rewarded with "  amnesty . " We can expect Romney to continue that theme over the next week as he campaigns in South Carolina , where Republican primary voters will cast ballots on January 21 and where illegal immigration is a bigger issue than in Iowa or New Hampshire . Lawmakers in the Palmetto State recently passed a tough Arizona-style immigration law that requires local and state police to determine the immigration status of anyone they suspect to be an illegal immigrant  read : Latinos  . It 's an approach that is wildly unpopular with Latinos and which has the blessing of most of the Republicans running for president , including Mitt Romney . And that 's one reason why Romney , even if he is the GOP nominee for president , does n't have much of a chance with Latino voters . Political experts say that a Republican would have to earn at least 30 % of the Latino vote to win the White House . Given how he behaved in the primaries , Romney will be lucky to get 20 % . In fact , a recent poll of Latino voters by the Pew Hispanic Center put the figure at 23 % . While it found a high level of anger with President Barack Obama among Latinos over his aggressive deportation policies , the poll also found that -- in a Obama-Romney matchup -- the Democrat would easily beat the Republican , 68 % to 23 % . That 's saying something given that , according to the survey , Obama 's job approval rating with Latinos is just 49 % . The takeaway : You want to make Obama more popular with Latinos ? Easy . Pit him against Romney . Listen to Lionel Sosa , a San Antonio-based advertising executive and Republican strategist who has advised George W. Bush and John McCain . A few months ago , Sosa told The New York Times that Romney had blown his chance with Latinos . "  Romney  can make as many trips to Florida and New Mexico and Colorado and other swing states that have a large Latino population , " said Sosa , "  but he can write off the Latino vote . " It was Romney who recently promised to veto the Dream Act if he 's elected president and if Congress passes the bill . The legislation , which would allow undocumented students to stay in the country legally if they complete a college degree or join the military , is extremely popular with Latinos . It was Romney who first attacked Texas Gov. Rick Perry for signing a law that allows illegal immigrants who live in Texas to pay in-state tuition at public colleges and universities . And it was Romney who later attacked former House Speaker Newt Gingrich for declaring that the GOP should n't support splitting up families and proposing a pathway for the undocumented to work legally in the United States . It was Romney who , in the debates , came across as naive by suggesting that the illegal immigration problem could be solved by simply putting more "  boots on the ground " and as dishonest by not acknowledging the contributions that illegal immigrants make to the local , state and national economies . And it was Romney whose campaign put up , in New Hampshire , an offensive television ad that attacked Perry by linking him to Mexico and former Mexican President Vicente Fox , because Fox happened to agree with the Texas governor on letting illegal immigrants pay in-state tuition . So the candidate who winds up vilifying Mexico is the same one whose father was born in Mexico ? Who can make sense of this ? Listen up , Primo Mitt . You 've made your bed . You 're persona non grata with Latino voters , and it 's your own fault . You ca n't win without them , but they can help make sure you lose . We do n't care where your family 's from . What matters is where your heart is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Mitt Romney told a crowd in New Hampshire of his father 's Mexican roots Ruben Navarrette says it 's fair to say Romney could be first Hispanic president Yet he says Romney wo n't get allegiance of Latino voters because of immigration stance Poll of Latino voters shows President Obama would have huge edge over Romney
CNN  -- In order to maintain peace at home , President-elect Barack Obama might want to have some very important talks with his wife and mother-in-law before moving into the White House . President-elect Barack Obama 's mother-in-law Marian Robinson joins him on stage on election night . Like some 4 million other multigenerational U.S. households Barack Obama 's mother-in-law , Marian Robinson , will join the Obamas at the family 's private quarters at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . In about 1.3 million American homes where the parents are head of the household , at least one grandparent lives with the family . Having a grandparent living with a family can be a wonderful and beneficial addition to the family , says psychologist Elaine Ducharme , but only if everyone can navigate the boundaries . The key issues that need to be discussed between grandparents and parents are privacy and the discipline of the children , says the psychologist , who practices in Hartford , Connecticut . Dannee Brown agrees and says having those discussions and setting ground rules ahead of time is better than making it up as you go along because then feelings can get hurt . Brown always knew her parents , Bill and Mary Lou Wade , would one day live with her and says she could n't have survived without them after she and her husband separated . But disagreements over the disciplining of her two children sparked conflict . "  We 've had some knock-down , drag-outs about discipline -- especially with my dad , " the Fredericksburg , Virginia , woman says , "  I finally had to say , ` I 'm the mom -- you 're not -- do n't tell me how to raise my kids . ' " On the flip side , Brown 's mother would like to be just a grandmother who spoils Noelle and Ethan -- instead of having to play disciplinarian while Brown is working as a nurse-anesthetist . The Wades have a separate apartment in the lower level of Brown 's home , but spend winters at their own home in Florida . That gives them all a break from each other . Brown describes it as a "  four-month time to really appreciate them " for all the cooking , cleaning and home maintenance her parents do along with the childcare . She and the children miss the grandparents so much during this time that they usually make one trip to Florida so they can spend time with "  Nanny and Pop . " The ` Aaah , go away ! ' effect Along with establishing guidelines for everyone 's role , Ducharme says both the parents and grandparents need to address privacy issues . "  I think privacy is key -- making sure that everybody has a place where they can have some privacy , " says Ducharme . Brown says she sometimes wishes she could have a little more privacy in the evenings now that she is working days . She gets home from work and spends the evening with her children and after they go to sleep she looks forward to some time by herself . But sometimes her mother comes upstairs to chat . "  That 's when I want to say , ` Ahhh , go away ! " says Brown . "  I do n't say that , but I 'm thinking it . " And even if everyone agrees on a plan ahead of time , it would be wise to expect irritations to pop up every now and then , the therapist says . "  Trying to live together is really about problem solving , " Ducharme says . She tells her clients if they all focus on finding a solution to the problem and making it a win-win for everyone involved , it takes the emotions and hurt feelings out of the equation . Clearing the air Ducharme suggests holding a family meeting where either party could say he or she is feeling stressed about an issue or someone lacks enough privacy . But watch out for red flags during discussions prior to inviting your mother or mother-in-law to move in . "  If you really do n't communicate well with this person , and when you try to communicate your feelings and ideas it always ends up in a battle -- then it 's probably not a good plan to have them move in with you , " says Ducharme . Stephanie Ware knows family meetings are a good place to clear the air and discuss problems . She had asked her mother , Betty Carradine , to move in to help her with childcare upon her return to work . But her mom moved in earlier than planned after granddaughter Kennedy arrived by Caesarean section . The Atlanta , Georgia , paralegal and her husband , Michael Ware , had discussed many issues with her mother and everyone laid out their expectations of each other , with the couple telling her mother that they would handle all the household expenses . But the Wares called another family meeting after Carradine moved in because they felt she was trying to help too much . "  We let her know that we wanted her here to just help us with Kennedy and she did n't necessarily have to do any housework as far as cooking or cleaning or fixing our lunches . " Ware also makes sure Kennedy 's bottles are prepared so that her mother 's day goes a little smoother and grandma is not so busy while tending to her seventh grandchild . Ware says she thanks God daily for her mother 's help because it gives her extra time to spend with her baby daughter in the morning . And Stephanie can carry Kennedy down the hallway to her mother 's room instead of dressing the infant , and packing all her supplies and bottles into a diaper bag and driving her to daycare . Ware says she , her husband and her mother took several trips together while she was out on maternity leave . And every other weekend , her mother stays with Stephanie 's sister 's family . In the five-bedroom Ware house , personal space and privacy is not an issue . And the couple tries to get out once a month for "  date night . " The only problem Ware is having with her mother living with her is Carradine 's cooking : "  She is a great cook , and it 's hard , " Ware says with a laugh , "  but I 'm staying very disciplined . "	Michelle Obama 's mother is moving into White House with first family Expert : Parents should discuss discipline styles , privacy with mother-in-law Mom : Those talks should take place before mother-in-law moves in Psychologist : Living together successfully is about problem solving
CNN  Relief workers reported "  unbelievable destruction " after Tropical Cyclone Pam smashed the capital of Vanuatu , the Australian Red Cross said Saturday . The Australian Red Cross said via Twitter that "  humanitarian needs will be enormous . Many people have lost their homes . Shelter , food and water  are  urgent priorities " in Port Vila . Meteorologists said the storm has weakened some , but it was still pounding the islands after hours of fierce winds and torrential rain . " #CyclonePam still tearing through #Vanuatu . ` Much bigger than expected , ' says our colleague in Port Vila . Initial reports of devastation , " the Australian branch of UNICEF said on Twitter earlier . Pam , one of the strongest storms seen in the South Pacific in years , earlier made a direct hit on the capital , raising fears of mass destruction . In its 8 a.m. Saturday update , the Vanuatu Meteorological Services warned of "  very destructive hurricane force winds " of 155 mph  250 kilometers per hour  in Shefa and Tafea provinces , with several others facing "  very rough to phenomenal seas with heavy swells . " The Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , said the cyclone had weakened from the equivalent of a Category 5 hurricane to a Category 4 . It has dumped more than 9 inches of rain on the capital in a 36-hour period and has wind gusts of up to 190 mph  305 kph  . Track the storm Pam is forecast to move southeastward along the western edge of the southern islands of Vanuatu . It is n't expected to make any additional landfalls before dissipating . It will continue to weaken as it crosses cooler waters and encounters higher wind shear . Pam is expected to pass east of New Zealand on Sunday and into Monday . It could bring heavy rainfall to North Island , including Auckland . The capital , the biggest city in the Vanuatu island chain , sits on the coastline , which is vulnerable to storm surges during powerful cyclones . Tropical Cyclone Pam is the strongest storm to make landfall since the devastating Super Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines in 2013 . Chloe Morrison , an emergency communications director for the humanitarian organization World Vision , told CNN that she could see some light between her boarded-up windows but it was still hard to see the totality of the destruction outside the house where she and seven others huddled in a back room during the storm . "  Seven hours hunkered down and it 's still not safe to go outside , " she said . "  The winds are still really howling . We 're really lucky to be in a concrete house . " Part of the tin roof twisted off the house and landed by one of the windows , she said . She also noted that two trees outside did n't get uprooted , but they had not one bit of fruit or any leaves remaining . Despite the "  quite terrifying ordeal , " Morrison said , their house did n't have any damage . Through the night , the wind and torrential rain made it sound like an angry ocean was just outside their doors , she said . World Vision , which says it 's been based in Vanuatu for more than 30 years , said its emergency assessment team would head out to view the damage when it is safe . The staff helped prepare communities on the islands for the cyclone by positioning water , food , blankets , tarpaulins , and shelter , hygiene and kitchen kits in key places , it said , as well as advising on disaster preparedness . Residents have been advised to seek shelter in places such as churches , universities and schools . "  The strongest thing they 've got is cement churches , " said Inga Mepham , program director for CARE International for the Vanuatu program . "  Some of them do n't have that . It 's hard to find a structure that you 'd think would be able to withstand a Category 5  storm  . " Earlier , photographer Michael McLennan -- who said the storm is being called the "  Vanuatu Monster " -- told CNN that the "  strength of winds is incredible . " Video footage he shot earlier Friday showed palm trees being whipped by wind and rain . Evacuation alerts have been issued for several parts of the country . Even before the sun rose Saturday , Vanuatu was already getting hit hard , with most communication and power cut off due to the storm . "  The wind outside is terrifying , " Michael Wolfe , World Vision 's national director in Vanuatu , told that organization . "  I ca n't imagine what it 's like for families out there who were n't able to find safe shelter before the storm . " The archipelago nation northeast of Australia contains 83 small islands , many of which have little infrastructure and lack the strong housing structures that can endure a walloping storm . Because of the tropical climate in Vanuatu , some of the housing is made of lighter building materials , including straw and corrugated metals . Residents prepared for the storm , boarding up windows and chopping down trees that stand close to buildings in case they could become debris or cause further damage or injury . CNN host Bill Weir , who was recently in Vanuatu on assignment , said that while Port Vila has some modern development in the form of an airport , large hotels and a convention center that 's under construction , life on some of the islands has remained almost unchanged for thousands of years . "  For search and rescue , for bringing food and supplies and medicine , it 's extremely challenging , " he said . Pam has triggered watches and warnings in the Solomon Islands and New Zealand . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Derek Van Dam contributed to this report .	Red Cross says Tropical Cyclone Pam destroyed many homes UNICEF tweets there are reports of devastation in Vanuatu 's capital Storm has made a direct hit on the capital of Vanuatu , Port Vila
Baghdad  CNN  -- Three security contractors , two of them American veterans and one from Fiji , have been freed in Iraq almost three weeks after they were detained by the Iraqi Army , U.S. Rep. Peter King said Wednesday . The men , who were working for a security firm , were arrested by Iraqi Army forces in Mahmudiyah on December 9 but were not charged with any offense , said King , a New York Republican . "  I am pleased that these three men have been released after having been detained , " King said . "  With the unfortunate and clearly deteriorating security situation in Iraq and with al Qaeda in Iraq still very active , these men were in increasing danger with each passing day . " King said he got involved after being contacted by the wife of one of the men , Army veteran Alex Antiohos of Long Island , New York . The other two contractors are Jonas March of Savannah , Georgia , and Kevin Fisher of Fiji , he said . The congressman asked the U.S. State Department for help and wrote to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to appeal for their release , he said in a statement . King said the three men were detained because the Iraqi military "  did not like the ` mission request authorization ' paperwork that had been issued by the Iraqi Ministry of Interior . " The United States is still negotiating with the Iraqi government about whether U.S. contractors will be granted any diplomatic protections under Iraqi law . The final U.S. troops withdrew from Iraq 10 days ago , after a war that lasted almost nine years . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Peter King got involved after the wife of one of the men appealed for help The three contractors were detained in central Iraq on December 9 Two of them are U.S. citizens and military veterans , the third is from Fiji
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Harry Patch -- the last surviving British soldier from World War I -- died Saturday at the age of 111 , Britain 's Ministry of Defence said . Harry Patch , pictured here on November 11 , 2008 , at an Armistice Day commemoration ceremony in London . Patch died peacefully at his care home in the southwestern English city of Wells , the ministry announced . His death came a week after fellow British World War I veteran Henry Allingham died at the age of 113 . Patch was the last surviving soldier to have witnessed the horrors of trench warfare in the first World War He fought and was seriously wounded in Ypres , Belgium , in 1917 at the Battle of Passchendaele , in which 70,000 of his fellow soldiers died -- including three of his close friends . Born in 1898 , Patch became a plumber before being conscripted to the army in 1916 . After training , Patch was recruited to The Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry as a Lewis gunner assistant . The unit was rushed to the front line trenches of Ypres , where soldiers were urgently needed to replace those who were wounded and dying by the thousand . He fought in the trenches between June and September of 1917 and was involved in some of the fiercest fighting of the war . In late September he was wounded when a light shell exploded above his head , bringing an end to his military service . He received battlefield treatment without anesthetic . After the war , Harry returned to his work as a plumber and later became a sanitary engineer . He married Ada Billington , a young girl he met while convalescing after the battle . They married in 1919 and had two sons . In World War II , Patch joined the Auxiliary Fire Service and helped tackle the fires caused by heavy German raids on the English cities of Bath and Bristol . At one point , he was sent to organize sanitary arrangements for soldiers at a camp near Yeovil , where he became friendly with some of the men . Patch remembered the shock of finding the camp deserted , with coffee still hot and meals half-eaten , on the morning that the soldiers had gone off to France , the Ministry of Defence said . His wife , Ada , died in 1976 , and their two sons also later died . Patch remarried in 1980 , but he became a widower for the second time four years later . Patch did n't speak about the war until he turned 100 , the Ministry of Defence said . "  He tried to suppress the memories and to live as normal a life as possible ; the culture of his time said that he was fortunate to have survived and that he should get on with his life , " a Ministry of Defence biography says . "  That suited Harry ; he could ` forget ' his demons , the memories of what happened to him and to his close friends . " In 1998 , a television producer with an interest in the war talked to Patch , who then made the decision to speak of his memories , the Ministry of Defence said . He took part in a documentary on the war and began gradually to open up . It was n't long before Patch became a spokesman for his generation , speaking about the horrors of the war as well as his own emotions and reactions , the Ministry of Defence said . "  In speaking about his experiences , Harry began at last to come to terms with his war , and was at peace with himself and his memories , " the Defence Ministry said . "  His thoughts then turned to reconciliation , to the long-term effects of suffering and coming to terms with that suffering . " Patch returned to Belgium in 2002 , something he had said he would never do , and laid a wreath to his battalion , the Defence Ministry said . Two years later , he met and shook hands with a German artilleryman from the Western Front , Charles Kuentz . Patch later laid a wreath at Langemark Cemetery for the German war dead . In his last years , Patch was honored at Buckingham Palace and the prime minister 's residence at 10 Downing Street . On his 101st birthday France awarded him the Knighthood of the Legion of Honor , and this year President Nicolas Sarkozy upgraded that to the rank of officer . Last year , King Albert II of Belgium made Patch a Knight of the Order of Leopold . "  Harry was delighted to receive these awards and wore the medals with great pride , but he always made it clear that he wore these medals as a representative of the selfless generation he had come to represent , " the Ministry of Defence said . Patch wrote a book detailing his life in 2007 , called "  The Last Fighting Tommy . " The name referred to the slang term for British privates . "  While the country may remember Harry as a soldier , we will remember him as a dear friend , " said Jim Ross , a close friend . "  He was a man of peace who used his great age and fame as the last survivor of the trenches to communicate two simple messages : Remember with gratitude and respect those who served on all sides ,  and  settle disputes by discussion , not war . " Gen. Richard Dannatt , the chief of the general staff , issued a statement expressing his sadness about Patch 's death . "  Self-effacing about his experiences in the trenches he was no less effective in describing the horror they represented when invited to speak to schoolchildren about the realities of war . " Dannatt said . "  He was the last of a generation that in youth was steadfast in its duty in the face of cruel sacrifice and we give thanks for his life -- as well as those of his comrades -- for upholding the same values and freedom that we continue to cherish and fight for today . "	Harry Patch , dead at 111 , was last British survivor of World War One trench warfare Patch was seriously wounded in Ypres , Belgium , in 1917 at Battle of Passchendaele Patch "  tried to suppress memories and to live as normal a life as possible " Former soldier gradually opened up about his experiences in final years of life
CNN  -- Yahoo 's purchase of hot blogging platform Tumblr , which it announced Monday , was big news for the hundreds of millions of folks who already post to the site or check in to follow those who do . But the $ 1.1 billion buyout will also no doubt introduce Tumblr to lots of folks not yet wholly familiar with it , even if their Web searches for viral memes and cute kittens have already landed them there unawares . So , here are some facts you need to know about Tumblr  which , in the grand tradition of Web startups everywhere , shed its "  e " early on  . It 's big and getting bigger Founded in 2007 , Tumblr has stayed hot on a Web that can be unforgiving once it decides you 're yesterday 's news . While its numbers are n't comparable to social-networking giants like Facebook , they 're certainly enough to put hundreds of millions more eyeballs on the ads Yahoo serves up as its bread and butter . Let 's face it -- when the White House signs up for an account , you know you 're onto something . To wit  according to the company  : Number of Tumblr blogs : 105 million Monthly visitors : 300 million Posts per second : 900 New signups every day : 120,000 It loves an animated GIF If there was a ground zero for the rebirth of the Web 's beloved video loops , it was Tumblr . Once relegated to the scrap heap of Web culture  we miss you , Peanut Butter Jelly Time  , the past couple of years have reminded us of an enduring truth : It 's fun to watch a cute duck , a bouncy Olympian or "  bros " watching basketball over and over and over again . Tumblr 's quick , visual-friendly publishing platform is perfect for GIFs . Nobody expects a 10,000-word essay . Make us laugh and all is well . Oh , and how did Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer choose to make the big announcement ? On her own Tumblr . With an animated GIF . They 've figured out mobile Our society is becoming a mobile one and increasingly , phones and tablets are the preferred portals for people to access the Web . For example , more people now access Facebook via mobile than on the traditional Web  a fact the site has had to aggressively address to stay relevant and make stockholders happy  . 5 questions answered about Facebook Home But while some desktop titans are having to adjust , Tumblr is already living comfortably in that mobile world . More than half of Tumblr 's 300 million users access it with its mobile app , and that crowd does so an average of seven times a day . There 's kind of a lot of porn Shocker -- there 's porn on the Internet . But while most any corner of the Web that allows user posts is bound to have its share of naughty bits , Tumblr has become a go-to spot for adult-entertainment industry types and amateur smut-lovers alike .  The company , of course , does n't say what percentage of its site is adult content , but a recent analysis puts it at over 11 percent . And the site does n't really shy away from that fact , acknowledging as much in its community guidelines . "  Tumblr is home to millions of readers and bloggers from a variety of locations , cultures , and backgrounds with different points of view concerning adult-oriented content , " the entry reads , asking users only to make sure to identify such pages as NSFW  "  not safe for work "  and , of course , not to post anything illegal . That 's all well and good for an edgy startup , but could be an issue that needs to be tackled as Yahoo aims to appeal to as many advertisers as possible . In the meantime , just make sure you look for those four letters when searching the site . It 's cool For a few years , nobody 's really been sure what Yahoo is , other than a place where an aging user base gets its e-mail and looks at a few news stories . Tumblr is Mayer 's bid to get young and hip -- and it 's not a bad bet . From "  Sh*t My Dad Says " to "  Reasons My Son Is Crying , " the most buzzed-about blogs of the past few years have tended to originate at Tumblr . Whether its "  Kim Jong Il Looking at Things " or "  White Men Wearing Google Glass , " fun and a little bit edgy is n't hard to find on the site .	Yahoo buying Tumblr is a bid to make its own base younger , cooler Founded in 2007 , the site hosts 150 million blogs Animated GIFs saw a comeback on Tumblr There 's lots of porn -- an issue Yahoo may have to address
CNN  -- "  A service allowing travelers who like to get their thrills between the sheets to get them beneath the waves at the same time . " The description provided by luxury travel company Oliver 's Travels of its latest offering could n't be more frank . The new service , called the Mile Low Club , targets couples who seek physical excitement underwater in a private submarine nicknamed Lovers Deep  in case the rest of the clues are n't obvious enough  . The innovative holiday destination -- the submarine in question is moored in the Caribbean -- was launched by the British travel company to mark its 10th anniversary . "  We started in business 10 years ago focusing on French chateaus initially , but launched Oliver 's Travels in November , the focus being on more quirky and unique properties , " says Oliver 's Travels co-founder Oliver Bell . "  In order to get life to the new brand , we needed to get some exceptional property ideas . "  We had a meeting where we asked , ` where 's the coolest place to stay ? ' We started with the moon and obviously realized that would n't be possible so a submarine was the next realistic target , and we found a submarine company with the capability to make it bespoke . " Ocean deep . Pockets , too The only catch is you 'll need pockets as deep as the ocean -- the special voyage costs an eye-watering # 175,000  $ 292,000  a night . The venture was launched , appropriately , for Valentine 's Day , but to date no one has paid up the six-figure sum for a night 's stay . Bell is confident the first booking is on the cards . "  We 've obviously had some joke inquiries but I 'd say we have about five realistic inquiries so I expect one to be booked in very soon , " he says . "  Obviously if that happens , it 'll be high fives all around the office . " So what exactly do you get for your # 175,000 a night ? Exactly what you want . As part of the service , you choose how to deck out the submarine -- which is currently hired by a variety of different businesses for quirky brand launches -- exactly as you like from bedroom to bathroom , and bar to ballroom . You have to pay for your own flights , but a speedboat will be on hand to take you to and from your submarine . An artist 's impression has been done to mock up how the romantic hideaway might look and how you can get under the waves as well as under the covers . The company emphasizes that the crew  captain , chef and butler  will considerately occupy separate , soundproof living rooms at the other end of the vessel . Barry White included While the sub is currently in the Caribbean , it can be moored wherever you desire . The chef can also offer his in-house aphrodisiac menu including everything from oysters to a fondant of chocolate with an essence of pomegranate . Not enough to get you in the mood ? On its website , the company promises the smooth tones of Barry White singing "  You 're the first , the last , the everything " over the sound system . "  Well , the Barry White thing 's a bit of a joke really , " says Bell . "  It 's all great fun putting this together but we 're also deadly serious about this . "  We know it 's not in our usual customer 's price bracket , this is very , very high end , but we think that people with that sort of money will have very specific tastes . "  It 'll take 12 weeks to kit it out and customers can have exactly what they want . " Bell 's one warning is that however wealthy you might be , it 's probably not one for the claustrophobes out there . From the artist 's impression , there 's an element of a Bond villain lair to the submarine , akin to the Atlantis home of the character Karl Stromberg , the villain in "  The Spy Who Loved Me . " "  To me , it looks really , really cool but you can have it to whatever taste you like , " Bell says . Bell has yet to visit the submarine in question but , because of the increasing interest , he 's planning a trip to the Caribbean to find out what 's in store and how his customers can find love on the ocean floor .	Travel company offers a submarine for couples to the bottom of the ocean The experience will cost you # 175,000 per night For that , you get your own bespoke submarine with captain , chef and butler Artist 's impression makes it look akin to the underwater lair of a James Bond villain
Meet P26 -- a shy pangolin who recently was released into a national park in Vietnam after being seized from the illegal pangolin trade . Pangolins are thought to be the most trafficked mammals in the world , which made them the subject of a recent series for CNN 's Change the List project . They 're traded by the ton . The fine people who are taking care of P26 -- from the Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program -- agreed to let CNN 's readers do something kind of cool : We 're going to vote on a new name for this little guy , and then follow his journey . I asked readers to submit some name ideas . The top five you suggested were : Pemalu , Bao , Percival , Sandshrew and Lance . UPDATE : Voting closed on Tuesday at 6 p.m. ET . P26 will take on whichever name readers select . Some of the names require a little explanation . Pemalu is Indonesian for "  shy , " which fits since researchers at the Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program tell me P26 is one of the shyest of all the introverted pangolins they 've encountered . Bo is Vietnamese for "  protection , " which is nice because pangolins sure need it . Percival is alliterative and kinda fun in an old-timey way .  Pangolins have been called little dinosaurs , after all ; I picture Percival the Pangolin wearing a monocle and a top hat . Sandshrew is my least favorite of the bunch , but it 's a Pokemon character that does bear a striking resemblance . And Lance , according to the commenter who suggested that , is short for "  Lancelot , " "  because his body looks like a suit of armor and he 's valiantly fighting to survive . " So there you go -- five names , five stories . You can read up on P26 on this blog from the Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program . P26 is so terribly shy that when researchers released him he just sat there in a box for hours , unsure of where to go or what to do . He burrowed beneath one tree , then another , with researchers following his moves with a radio-tracking device attached to his tail  you can see it in the image above  . At one point , he moved so little that it sounds like the researchers -- or at least some blog readers -- doubted that he was alive . "  For any of you still not convinced he is alive this morning , with my head stuck right into a tree hollow , I saw the element of the transmitter , " wrote Louise Fletcher , one of the researchers , on March 29 . "  I tried to give it a little pull to see if it was attached to a body or not  we could n't actually see him  . However , before I had the chance the element started moving of its own accord and we heard some movement . "  The transmitter is certainly still attached to P26 and P26 is still alive ! " Alive and in need of a better name . But that 's where you come in .	Vote below to rename this pangolin , who is currently called P26 John Sutter says P26 is no name for such an interesting animal The pangolin is a scale-covered mammal that 's illegally trafficked by the ton It 's thought to be the most trafficked mammal in the world
CNN  -- The earthquake in Sichuan , southwestern China , last May left around 69,000 people dead and 15 million people displaced . Now ecologists have assessed the earthquake 's impact on biodiversity and the habitat for some of the last existing wild giant pandas . Giant pandas are more endangered than ever since the 2008 Sichuan earthquake . According to the report published in "  Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment " , 23 percent of the pandas ' habitat in the study area was destroyed , and fragmentation of the remaining habitat could hinder panda reproduction . The Sichuan region is designated as a global hotspot for biodiversity , according to Conservation International . Home to more than 12,000 species of plants and 1,122 species of vertebrates , the area includes more than half of the habitat for the Earth 's wild giant panda population , said study lead author Weihua Xu of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing . "  We estimate that above 60 percent of the wild giant panda population was affected to some extent by the earthquake , " said Xu in the report . In an effort to develop conservation strategies for the panda 's remaining habitat , Xu and his colleagues used satellite imagery to determine the pandas ' habitat loss and fragmentation in the South Minshan region , which is adjacent to the earthquake 's epicenter . Since forests are the main vegetation type used by the pandas , the authors compared forested areas in satellite images from September 2007 , before the earthquake , to images after the earthquake and its aftershocks , in July 2008 . The authors then combined results based on these satellite data with criteria that make forests suitable for pandas , including elevation , slope incline and presence of bamboo . Their analyses revealed that more than 354 square kilometers , or about 23 percent , of the pandas ' habitat was converted to bare land . Of the remaining habitat , the researchers found that large habitat areas had been fragmented into smaller , disconnected patches , which Xu says can be just as harmful as habitat destruction . "  It is probable that habitat fragmentation has separated the giant panda population inhabiting this region , which could be as low as 35 individuals , " said Xu . "  This kind of isolation increases their risk of extinction in the wild , due in part to a higher likelihood of inbreeding . " Xu and his colleagues proposed a plan to encourage pandas to move between patches using specially protected corridors . They also recommend areas to be protected outside of nature reserves and that post-earthquake relocation of affected towns takes panda habitat into consideration . "  It is vital to the survival of this species that measures are taken to protect panda habitat outside nature reserves , " said Xu . "  Giant pandas in this region are more vulnerable than ever to human disturbance , including post-earthquake reconstruction and tourism . When coupled with these increasing human activities , natural disasters create unprecedented challenges for biodiversity conservation . "	New report on affect of 2008 Sichuan earthquake on wild giant panda population Report : 23 percent of habitat has disappeared ; 60 percent of giant pandas affected Estimates that wild panda population in affected region could be as low as 35
CNN  -- Los Angeles may have become famous for many things over the years -- Hollywood and the Oscars to name but two -- but downtown living is not one of them . What big star of the silver screen could resist the lure of suburban mansions in Bel Air and Beverly Hills after all ? Now , a host of new city developments aim to change all that . At least half a dozen major real estate projects are underway in the LA 's downtown areas and several others are in the works . One of the largest development will see property firm Mack Urban turn a collection of parking lots in the city 's South Park district into 1,500 new apartments . "  We anticipate our build out taking between eight to ten years so this is a long term investment and development plan , " explained Paul Keller , CEO of Mack Urban . The company intends to invest up to $ 750 million in South Park , enticed by the proximity of the nearby LA Live complex which includes the Staples Center -- home of the Los Angeles Lakers and Clippers , the Nokia Theatre , and several hotels , restaurants and bars . This will attract a clientele who are looking to live , work and play in the same area , Mack Urban hopes . "  What 's driving investment and development here in South Park has really been the continuation of a massive investment that AEG  Anschutz Entertainment Group  made beginning with the development of the arena here in downtown , " said Keller , in reference to the Staples Center . All in all , South Park can expect to see nearly 300,000 square meters  3.2 million square feet  of residential and hospitality living come online by 2020 , according to commercial real estate firm JLL . JLL also say land sales in the area now average nearly $ 500 dollars per square meter  $ 47 per square feet  , more than double what the going rate was just five years ago . International investors like Greenland Group are paying close attention to these numbers . The Chinese real estate investment firm have already spent more than $ 140 million on a 2.5 acre parking lot that they plan to transform into a massive condominium project called Metropolis . "  We see a lot of opportunity here for education and also for urban living , " said Ifei Chang , CEO & President , Greenland USA . "  We believe this should be also with the domestic population , it should be an international community here right in the city . " Greenland expects to spend up to a billion dollars on building the Metropolis and expects that projects like theirs -- along with planned infrastructure improvements like the LA streetcar project currently in build -- will make downtown living the next trend in Los Angeles . If the planets biggest movie stars are spotted moving into the South Park district in the coming years , then they can judged to have been correct . See also : Suburbia gone wild See also : Architects build first 3D printed house See also : Giving Motown a replay	New property developments are on the rise in downtown Los Angeles International and local real estate companies are investing in a host of new city projects Some of the most popular can be found in the city 's South Park area
CNN  Southerners , do n't pack your sweaters or heavy coats away just yet . You 're probably going to need them for a few days . A cold front is headed across the country . Enjoy the warmth until it gets where you are , because after that temperatures are going to drop 20 degrees or more before you know it . And it 's not just the South that will have to put up with the cold . Almost a third of the people in the United States are bundling up and looking up to the sky . Another widespread winter event was shaping up Wednesday afternoon , and it looks as if it will last through Thursday . About 92 million people are under some sort of winter weather warning , watch or advisory . The wintery weather will eventually extend nearly 2,000 miles , from New Mexico to Massachusetts . For once , Boston wo n't be worried about a being a segment leader in snow totals . Looks likes that will be Kentucky , where some spots could see 6 to 10 inches . Other areas will have to worry about heavy rain dumped by the slow moving front . Cities in southeast Missouri , western Kentucky , northern Tennessee and western Pennsylvania might get 2 to 4 inches . Rain will transition to snowfall across many states as colder air pushes in behind the front as it moves to the southeast . The National Weather Service warned that flooding could be an issue , especially across the lower Ohio Valley and western Mid-Atlantic regions . CNN affiliate WCHS reported a mudslide in Mingo County resulted in one woman going to the hospital . There are concerns about ice and the potential for power outages . Arkansas , northern Mississippi and western Tennessee will get the brunt of the icy weather . Some areas could see more than a third of an inch of ice accumulation . Sleet and ice are expected to make things messy in the Dallas area . The precipitation was causing problems at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , where more than 630 arrivals and departures were canceled or delayed . Nationwide , more than 3,800 flights were delayed , according to the air traffic tracking website FlightAware . At least 1,750 were canceled . Things will be worse Thursday , at least as cancellations go . More than 2,000 flights with U.S. ties have been scrubbed . So far this season Boston has seen 105.7 inches -- almost 9 feet -- of snow . That 's just 1.9 inches short of the record set nine years ago . More snow is expected from this system , but it 's only likely to be 1 inch Wednesday as the forecast models indicate the majority of snow will stay south of the city . There is a slim chance of snow on Thursday , followed by days of sunshine and temperatures near 40 by Monday . CNN meteorologists Dave Hennen and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	More than 5,000 flights with U.S. ties canceled or delayed People in Louisville and other cities in Kentucky will have plenty of snowman-building material Boston is close to a season snow record , but it 's iffy this system will provide enough to top the mark
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- While the coroner 's report on what killed Michael Jackson has been delayed indefinitely , new evidence emerged that the singer shopped for a doctor who would give him the drug investigators suspect led to his death . A doctor of Michael Jackson says he prescribed drugs to the alias Omar Arnold . Dr. Allan Metzger , whose name appeared on a search warrant served this week , refused Jackson 's request in April for the anesthetic propofol -- commonly known by the brand name Diprivan , Metzger 's attorney said . Investigators suspect another physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , gave the drug to Jackson in the 24 hours before he died , according to a source , who asked not to be named because the individual was not authorized to speak to the news media . Metzger , who practices in West Hollywood , California , told Jackson during a visit to his Holmby Hills home that the drug was "  dangerous and potentially life-threatening and could not be used outside of a hospital , " attorney Harland Braun said . Metzger 's medical records for Jackson , whom he treated until 2003 , have been given to the coroner , Braun said . He said Metzger prescribed drugs for Jackson under the alias Omar Arnold and Michael Jackson , which was not illegal since he used both names together . The doctor did that because he thought it was "  his duty to protect the privacy " of his patient , Braun said . Omar Arnold is one of 19 aliases listed in the warrant used by Los Angeles police and federal drug agents Tuesday to search the Las Vegas , Nevada , office and home of Murray , a Texas-based cardiologist . The warrant also mentioned Cherilyn Lee , a nurse practitioner who treated Jackson earlier this year . Lee said Jackson begged her for propofol to help him get a good night 's sleep . She said she refused , telling the pop star that if he took the medicine , he might never wake up . The same warrant , signed by a Las Vegas judge , implied that investigators suspected Jackson was a drug addict . Dr. Deepak Chopra said in a recent interview that when Jackson asked him for a narcotic , he told him absolutely no . "  I said to him , ` Michael , you 're going to die one day from this , ' " Chopra said . During a world tour in the mid - '90s , sources close to Jackson told CNN , the pop star suffered from insomnia and traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and then "  bring him back up . " According to a report on a 2004 Santa Barbara , California , police investigation , security guards in Jackson 's inner circle said he traveled the country getting prescriptions from doctors . The Los Angeles County coroner , who must rule on the cause of Jackson 's June 25 death , met Thursday with the Los Angeles District Attorney , who must decide if anyone will be prosecuted for his death . During the meeting , it was decided that an announcement of the coroner 's findings would be delayed indefinitely , according to a source close to the investigation . An official in the coroner 's office had previously indicated to reporters that the findings would be made public within days . Katherine Jackson goes to court Monday Katherine Jackson 's legal battle for some control of her son 's estate returns to court Monday in front of the same judge who is expected to award her permanent guardianship of his children . Jackson 's lawyers filed a petition Tuesday accusing the men who now control the estate of being "  intent on keeping her in the dark " about deals they 've made or are negotiating . Jackson lawyer Londell McMillan raised questions about "  a suspicious circle of relationships " involving John Branca , the singer 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend -- who were named executors in Jackson 's will . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff gave Branca and McClain temporary control of the estate until Monday 's hearing . In the Jackson lawyers ' petition , they asked the judge to order Branca , McClain and others to answer questions under oath about their business agreements to determine if they are "  fit and able " to administer the estate . They also served the men with a 19-page demand for documents . Branca has refused to let Katherine Jackson see Michael Jackson 's contracts with AEG , the company that was organizing and promoting his planned concerts , unless she agrees to keep them confidential . Branca 's lawyer argued in a court filing that he has no choice since the contracts have a provision requiring confidentiality . Branca 's lawyers also argued that Jackson 's demand for documents was too broad and burdensome . "  Such measures will not be necessary if Mrs. Jackson is appointed a co-executor of the estate , " McMillan said . McMillan , in an interview with CBS on Thursday , estimated the Jackson estate was worth $ 2 billion , while the executors have estimated in court that its value is around $ 500 million . The will written in 2002 places all of Jackson 's assets into a family trust benefiting his mother , his three children and unnamed charities . The judge is also expected Monday to finalize Katherine Jackson 's guardianship of her son 's three children . An agreement between Jackson and Debbie Rowe , the mother of the two eldest children , cleared the way for an uncontested custody hearing . Rowe , who was briefly married to Michael Jackson , agreed not to fight for custody in exchange for visits with the children as recommended by a psychologist . The agreement does not involve any financial payments to Rowe "  apart from the continuation of spousal support payments " that Michael Jackson personally agreed to make to Rowe after their divorce , their lawyers said in a joint statement . Jackson 's children have been living with their paternal grandmother at her Encino , California , home since their father 's death . The eldest child , Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , was born in February 1997 . A daughter , Paris Michael Katherine Jackson , was born the next year . Details of how the children were conceived -- and who was the biological father -- have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got an $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door to a possible custody battle . CNN 's Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Coroner 's report on what killed Michael Jackson has been delayed indefinitely Doctor 's attorney says Jackson sought Diprivan , drug suspected in his death Coroner , district attorney decide not to release coroner 's findings Hearing Monday on control of estate , custody of children
OPRAH.com  -- Author , political commentator , and veteran campaign strategist Donna Brazile offers her rules to live by . 1 . Be the buffalo . Wilma Mankiller , the first female principal chief of the Cherokee nation , once told me how the cow runs away from the storm while the buffalo charges directly toward it -- and gets through it quicker . Whenever I 'm confronted with a tough challenge , I do not prolong the torment . I become the buffalo . 2 . Organize the small to make room for the big . I am addicted to gadgets . Trouble is , I keep forgetting where I put them . A friend once said , "  Our lives are spent in moments -- how many of them do you want to waste looking for your cell phone or BlackBerry ? " Finding a place for everything frees up time to pursue what you really want . Oprah.com : 4 things to make peace with 3 . Go help someone . My mother was n't a very patient woman . If I complained about being lonely or bored , she 'd tell me to go help someone , anyone . To this day , when I start feeling sorry for myself , I look for a good deed to do . But I keep in mind one thing ... . Oprah.com : How to find your true power 4 . Ask the turtle . I 'm proud to call Gloria Steinem a friend , and this advice came from her . While on a field trip in college with her geology class , she discovered a giant snapping turtle that had climbed out of the river , up a dirt path , right to the edge of a road . Worried it would soon be run over , she wrestled the enormous reptile off the embankment and back down to the water . At that moment , her professor walked up and asked what in the world she was doing . With some pride , she told him . He said that the turtle had probably spent a month crawling up that long dirt path to safely lay its eggs in the mud on the side of the road and that she had destroyed all that effort with her "  rescue . " Gloria tells this story to illustrate the most important political lesson she ever learned : Always ask the turtle . 5 . Wear comfortable shoes . Men do n't wear high heels , and they do n't make allowances for women who do . Tottering down the corridors of power in beautiful but crippling stilettos telegraphs your preference for style over substance . 6 . Take care of your body . This has always been a difficult one for me . I sleep too little , go too fast , and indulge too often in minor vices . But as my Grandma Frances said , "  You can only go as far and as long as your body will take you . " That 's why I slow down to enjoy an occasional glass  or two  of finely aged single-malt scotch . I do n't think it 's what Grandma Frances meant , but taking that moment is what allows me to keep going too far and too fast the rest of the time . Oprah.com : 11 things Donna Brazile knows for sure	Political commentator and campaign strategist Donna Brazile shares some advice Be the buffalo , run directly at the storm and get through it quicker When feeling sorry for yourself , I look for a good deed to do Ask someone if they want help before trying to change their path
Liege , Belgium  CNN  -- A grenade and gun attack in this eastern Belgian city left five people dead , including the attacker , and 119 wounded Tuesday , authorities said . A 23-month-old baby died in a hospital late Tuesday after being wounded in the attack near a Christmas market in a city center square , said Katrin Delcourt , a spokeswoman for the Liege provincial governor 's office . Others killed in the attack included two teenage boys , aged 15 and 17 , and a 75-year-old woman , Liege public prosecutor Danielle Reynders told reporters . Some 52 people were treated for injuries by medics at a field hospital set up near the scene , the prosecutor said , while others went to hospitals in the area . Police fear the death toll will rise overnight , a spokeswoman for Liege police said . The attacker was identified as Nordine Amrani , 33 , of Liege , Reynders said . He died in the attack in which he hurled three grenades and fired weapons from a rooftop into the crowded square near a court building , she said . The man acted alone in the attack in Place St. Lambert , and police are not looking for other suspects , she said , adding that he had left his home with a pistol , a semi-automatic rifle and the grenades in his bag . Police had asked the attacker , who had been previously convicted on drugs and weapons offenses , to come in for an interview in an ongoing investigation , the prosecutor said . He had never been charged with terror offenses . Reynders said officials were not yet able to explain the motive for the attack . Delcourt , the spokeswoman for the provincial governor 's office , told CNN that Amrani was on conditional parole . She could not give details of the police investigation . It remained unclear whether he had committed suicide or had died when one of the grenades exploded in his face , she said . One of the weapons he had , a light automatic rifle , is a standard-issue weapon in the Belgian army , Delcourt said . A senior Belgian security source , who has been briefed on the investigation but did not want to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that Amrani 's police meeting scheduled Tuesday was for suspected rape . Amrani was on an elevated walkway above the square when he began throwing grenades down into the crowd and then firing , before shooting himself in the head with his revolver , the source said . Amrani was previously in prison on drugs and arms racketeering charges , the source said , having been caught cultivating "  several thousand " cannabis plants . Authorities will carry out an autopsy in part to see if he was under influence of drugs during the attack , which has shocked the country and its security service , the source said . He said that during Amrani 's 40 months in jail , he was not diagnosed with any mental disorder or seen to be politicized before being released on conditional parole . The source said authorities have found no ties to Islamist terrorism . Liege resident Kevin Hauzeur told CNN that he ducked for cover as he heard a "  huge explosion and two or three gunshots " in the city center . A lot of people were in the area at the time to shop at the Christmas market , Hauzeur said . The crowd was "  spinning around , crying -- it was really chaotic , " he said . He said he had seen what appeared to be the body of an attacker before police cleared everyone from the area . Police told him the man had shot himself , Hauzeur said . A CNN correspondent at the scene Tuesday evening said dozens of police in fluorescent jackets remained in the cordoned-off square but it was otherwise deserted . Municipal cleaning vehicles sprayed the central market area with water , he said , overseen by a large Christmas tree , which remained illuminated . Oliver Moch , a spokesman for the Citadelle hospital , the largest in the Liege area , said 31 people injured in the attack had been admitted for treatment there . The Belgian Red Cross also had a team on site in Liege , operations director Gregory Jones told CNN earlier . It was providing psychological support . King Albert II and Queen Paola went to Liege to meet the mayor , provincial governor and workers with the Red Cross and emergency services following the attack , the Belgian royal palace told CNN . Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo also traveled to Liege , his spokesman said . British Foreign Secretary William Hague issued a statement saying : "  There can be absolutely no place for appalling acts of violence such as this in any society , and I condemn this attack in the strongest terms . " Charles Boisoin , whose apartment overlooks the city center , told CNN shortly after the attack that he and his neighbors had been instructed by police not to leave their homes . The city center was virtually deserted and all he could hear and see were helicopters flying overhead , he said . Television footage and images from the scene showed blood on the sidewalk , as well as police officers and vehicles gathered nearby . The provincial governor 's office initially said that police were searching for at least one suspect . Liege is Belgium 's third-largest city , after Brussels and Antwerp , the national tourist office says . Dating back centuries , it is an important cultural and industrial center for the country . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Paul Cruickshank in Liege , and Laura Perez Maestro , Max Foster , Jo Shelley , Samuel Burke , Aliza Kassim and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report . It was written by Laura Smith-Spark in London .	NEW : Spokeswoman : A 23-month old baby dies from wounds in a Belgian hospital Two teenage boys , an elderly woman and the attacker are also dead , Liege prosecutor says The number injured in the attack now stands at 119 , Liege police say The attacker , who served 40 months in jail , showed no sign of mental illness , a source says
CNN  -- This year marks the 20th anniversary of the opening of the Channel Tunnel linking France with the United Kingdom , and the 50th anniversary of the deal which led to its creation . To mark the occasion , we 're taking a look at some of the world 's greatest tunnels . Channel Tunnel  UK and France Connecting the United Kingdom with continental Europe  it has entrances/exits in Folkestone , Kent , and Pas-de-Calais in northern France  , the tunnel has the world 's longest undersea section -- 37.9 kilometers  23.5 miles  . Though a marvel of the modern age , it was n't a new idea when it was built . French engineer Albert Mathieu proposed a tunnel under the English Channel in 1802 , although his plans included an artificial island mid-channel where horse-drawn carriages could make maintenance stops . "  This tunnel defined the term ` mega project , ' " says Matt Sykes , tunnel expert and director at engineering company Arup . "  It fundamentally changed the geography of Europe and helped to reinforce high speed rail as a viable alternative to short-haul flights . " Length : 50 kilometers  31 miles Fast fact : Though both the English and French put in work to build the Channel Tunnel , the English side tunneled a greater distance . More info : Euro Tunnel Laerdal Tunnel  Aurland , Norway The Laerdal Tunnel in West Norway is the world 's longest road tunnel and cost $ 153 million to build , which works out at $ 6,250 per meter . The length of the tunnel prompted engineers to include various features designed to alleviate claustrophobia and tiredness . "  The sheer length of tunnel -- which takes 20 minutes to drive through -- led to innovation in the use of behavioral science and driver psychology in the design to reduce driver fatigue and improve safety , " says Sykes . "  This resulted in large , colorfully lit caverns every six kilometers , providing points of interest and a unique driver experience . " Length : 24.5 kilometers  15.2 miles Fast fact : Engineers separated the tunnel into different sections to give the illusion that drivers are traveling through a number of smaller tunnels . In these smaller sections drivers can take breaks , or even have a wedding ceremony , as one adventurous couple has previously done . More info : The Fjords Tokyo Bay Aqua-Line  Tokyo It 's easy to mistake this tunnel for a bridge because part of the structure comprises a 4.4-kilometer span as well as a 9.6-kilometer subsea conduit . The Aqua Line crosses Tokyo Bay and connects the cities of Kawasaki and Kisarazu . It reduced the journey time between the two from 90 to 15 minutes . "  This project required the world 's largest undersea tunnel boring machines and set the precedent for constructing two-lane road tunnels , " points out Matt Sykes at Arup . "  The resilience of the construction was demonstrated during the 2011 Tohoku-Pacific Ocean earthquake , which caused severe damage to Tokyo Bay . " Length : 14 kilometers total  8.7 miles Fast fact : Constructed atop the Tokyo Bay Aqua Line is an island that functions as a rest area and mall . The man-made island , called Umi-Hotaru , is a popular scenic point with an observation deck that gives a great view of Tokyo Bay . More info : Nippon Civil Consulting Engineers Eisenhower Tunnel  Colorado Colorado 's Eisenhower road tunnel is one of the world 's highest , located 3,401 meters  11,158 feet  above sea level , at the highest point on the U.S. interstate highway system . It played a significant role in the women 's rights movement when Janet Bonnema was hired as a construction worker in 1972 . Her supervisor misread her name as James , but realized his mistake and reassigned her to administrative duties after workers -- many of whom were former miners -- cited the common superstition that a woman 's presence can bring bad luck to a mine . Bonnema sued and was allowed to return to the tunnel . A new equal rights law was subsequently passed . Length : 2.72 kilometers  1.7 miles Fast fact : Prior to the tunnel 's official opening in 1972 , a drunk driver believed he should be the first person to take a vehicle through and was arrested for trespassing . Charges were subsequently dropped because the signs prohibiting traffic were considered inadequate . More info : Colorado Department of Transportation Spiralen Tunnel  Drammen , Norway The dramatic Spiralen road tunnel , built in 1961 and comprising six spirals covering 1,649 meters  5,413 feet  , leads to one of the most spectacular viewpoints in the industrial town of Drammen . "  Despite being an expensive country , Norway builds some of the cheapest tunnels , " says Alun Thomas , head of tunnels at engineering consultancy Ramboll . "  This is because the engineers strip the design down to the bare essentials required for the flow of traffic in the tunnels . Maximum benefit for minimum effort -- that 's good engineering . " Length : 1.65 kilometers  1.02 miles Fast fact : The tunnel opens out to a dramatic view of Drammen Valley and has a beer garden , restaurants and open-air museum . Guoliang Tunnel  Henan Province , China Before the construction of this impressive tunnel , the only way to access the village of Guoliang was via a narrow path carved into the side of the Taihang Mountains . In 1972 , a group of 13 villagers decided to construct a tunnel , which they dug by hand . Three died during the construction process but the tunnel transformed the village and became a tourist attraction in its own right . "  This tunnel is beautiful and a tribute the tenacity of the villagers who built it , " says Thomas at Ramboll . "  For me it emphasizes how tunnel construction can enhance the environment as well as bringing huge benefits for society . At the same time , one should remember the cost and the fact that several villagers were killed during construction . " Length : 1.2 kilometers  0.74 miles Fast fact : The tunnel was built jagged and steep due to the village 's primitive tools , earning it the nickname : "  The road that does not tolerate any mistakes . " SMART  Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia "  SMART is a combined road and flood relief tunnel , " explains Thomas at Ramboll . "  It can be completely flooded to get rid of storm water and turned back into a road in a few hours . " The tunnel , the longest in Malaysia , was built to solve the problem of flash flooding in Kuala Lumpur . SMART can operate in three ways . When there 's no flooding , it serves purely as a road tunnel . When there are floods , rainwater can be diverted into a lower channel , and the upper level will remain open to traffic . When exceptionally heavy floods occur , the tunnel closes to all traffic and watertight gates open to allow floodwater to flow through . Length : 9.7 kilometers  6.02 miles Fast fact : The tunnel is expected to prevent billions of dollars of possible flood damage and costs from traffic congestion . Since it opened in 2007 , flood-prone areas such as Masjid Jamek , Dataran Merdeka , Leboh Ampang and Jalan Melaka have been spared inundation . More info : SMART Motorway Tunnel Bund Sightseeing Tunnel  Shanghai This underwater Chinese tunnel is short and sweet , but spectacular and slightly strange . It spans the Huangpu River and connects Shanghai 's Bund to Lujiazui , location of the Pearl TV tower . Passengers were originally going to be ferried from one side to the other on a moving walkway , but automated cars were installed instead . Length : 646.7 meters  2,122 feet Fast fact : A company that had worked with Disney was originally supposed to help design the tunnel , but was deemed too expensive . Instead a Shanghai-based company created the tunnel 's psychedelic lights and trippy audio-visual effects . The ride is apparently meant to represent a journey to the core of the earth , and the tunnel currently ranks as one of Shanghai 's top five tourist attractions . Seikan Tunnel  Japan The Seikan is a railway tunnel in Japan , but what makes it unique is the fact that a 23-kilometer  14.2 miles  stretch of the tunnel is 140 meters  460 feet  below sea level . It 's the longest and deepest rail tunnel in the world , and spans the Tsugaru Strait , connecting Aomori Prefecture on the island of Honshu to the island of Hokkaido . Work on the tunnel started in 1964 and was completed in 1988 . Length : 53 kilometers  32.9 miles Fast fact : In 1976 , construction workers hit a patch of soft rock and water gushed into the tunnel at a rate of 80 tons per minute . The leak took two months to fix . More info : JR-Hokkaido Hakadote Branch	2014 marks the 20th anniversary of the opening of the Channel Tunnel The 24.5-kilometer Laerdal Tunnel in West Norway is the world 's longest road tunnel At 460 feet below sea level the Seikan Tunnel is the longest and deepest rail tunnel in the world
OPRAH.com  -- He can saw himself in half , sing a selection of Broadway showtunes and swing on a flying trapeze . Neil Patrick Harris says he 'll try to make viewers feel like they 're in good hands with him as Emmy host . When Neil Patrick Harris , one of the stars of the hit CBS sitcom "  How I Met Your Mother , " is n't dabbling in the extraordinary , well , he 's probably hosting an awards show . In the late '80s , Neil -- known as NPH to his fans -- landed the starring role on "  Doogie Howser , M.D. " After years of child stardom and teen heartthrob status , Neil left the small screen for the stage . He became a respected Broadway actor , starring in shows like "  Rent , " "  Cabaret " and "  Proof , " before returning to television . Now , millions know Neil as Barney Stinson , the womanizing , slap-happy sidekick on "  How I Met Your Mother , " which begins its fifth season September 21 . Like Billy Crystal and Johnny Carson before him , this man-of-many-talents is also making his mark as an awards show host . On Sunday , September 20 , Neil will host the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards . He shares his thoughts on fate , finding balance and making out with his co-star . Kari Forsee : How are you preparing for Emmy night ? Neil Patrick Harris : I 'm just trying to make sure all the comedy host elements are in place . We 'll have a good opening bit and a couple surprise things throughout . We want to balance respecting the show and the doling out of the awards with the sort of random things that will keep the audience 's attention in other ways . So that 's kind of been my job . You want to make it unique and , yet , classic . That 's a tricky dynamic . Oprah.com : Planning an Emmys party ? Get 4 entertaining solutions KF : I can imagine . How often are you rehearsing ? NPH : Well , it 's sort of a litany of e-mails and phone calls all day with the producers . We had a great opening short film we are going to shoot , and it would be the first thing you shot . That was going to be with Alec Baldwin , and he withdrew at the last minute . So that got scrapped , and we 're off to plan D , E or F. It 's sort of like now you go : "  That 's fantastic , great . We 've got that person , " or "  Oh , that person did n't work . Now what do we do ? " A lot of "  now what do we do ? " questions . KF : Now at the Tony Awards , you sang a , may I say , legendary closing number . Will you be singing at the Emmys , or is dancing more the focus ? NPH : I suspect you wo n't see me dancing very much . That 's not my forte . But yeah , I might throw some sort of singing into it . I have n't quite decided . I sort of feel like the Emmys are so classy and glamorous and black tie , the host really needs to respect his job title . I think too much "  Look at me ! Look at me ! " as the host of a show that big is counterproductive . So long as I make you feel confident that you 're in good hands with me as the host , then it 's my real responsibility to introduce you to a lot of other people and elements -- other presenters who are then going to talk to you or other introductions of next sections . That 's my role . It 's not really to be a song-and-dance man . KF : Did you look back at past Emmy hosts for inspiration ? NPH : Very much . Steve Allen hosted the first televised awards , which was the 7th Annual Emmy Awards , in , I think , 1955 , and he was great . That was sort of my inspiration for all of this . He just had such a dry wit , a commanding voice , a great presence . You knew when you were watching it that if something went wrong , you could look to him , and he would steer you through it . It was always with great dignity and a dry sense of humor , and he was sort of out there all the time . He was definitely the "  host . " He definitely helped the show , so I like that . Johnny Carson , too , was great . KF : Hypothetically , what would you do if your name was called for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series this year ? NPH : Oh my , I would graciously accept , try to keep my speech to a minimum , and then quickly set it backstage , because I have a lot more to do for the next couple hours . KF : Is the award given out early on in the show ? NPH : I think it will be within the first hour . It 's a nice and refreshing win-win for me , because if I do happen to win , it will be awesome-tastic , and oddly , a bit of a distraction . And if I do n't win , it just provides lots of comedy fodder for the rest of the show . So I 'm pretty safe either way . It 's a tough category , for sure . KF : So the day after the Emmys , a new season of "  How I Met Your Mother " premieres . Last season 's finale left us wondering if your character , Barney Stinson , will finally settle down and start dating Robin Scherbatsky . NPH : They certainly take a stab at it . I know there will be lots of necking and making out . Lots of canoodling between Robin and I. My lips are chapped . They have strong physical chemistry , apparently . KF : "  How I Met Your Mother " puts a lot of stake in fate . Are you a believer in fate ? NPH : I do n't know what to make of fate . I certainly do n't think you can predetermine things . It feels like if you go out of your way to try to make something happen , it rarely does . But if you allow for good things to happen , they seem to . I think a lot of that is more perception , you know ? A lot of people would take getting rear-ended in their car as an example of why their life continues to be one road block after another , and I think a different person can see that same fender bender and be grateful it was n't worse . That allows them an opportunity to learn something from it -- sort of take some sort of positive elements from that . I think if you try to angle your life in those ways , then fate , destiny , karma opens itself up to you and allows for more growth . Oprah.com : How to get lucky in love and life KF : I 'm curious , how did your father meet your mother ? NPH : They were college , fraternity and sorority sweethearts . This was in Albuquerque . She was in Alpha Chi Omega . And he was in , something Pi ? They did the whole , you know , he gave her his pin . She was pinned , and they were a couple . Then , they were married , and they 've only been with each other . I 'm very extraordinarily lucky with my parents . ... We did n't have a lot of money growing up , but we were never made to feel poor . They had amazing senses of humor , senses of music and really treated us like regular people when we were kids . So I lucked out . KF : Did your parents help you survive child stardom ? NPH : They were definitely grounding forces during years in my life that were very tumultuous . They 're remarkably grounded and were not at all blinded by the light of stardom and fame . Their main concern was just my well-being and my brother 's well-being during all of our crazy times , whether they be intimate or very public . They 're remarkable people . Oprah.com : Get your fall TV premiere guide ! By Kari Forsee from Oprah.com  2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Neil Patrick Harris taking classy route at Emmys Sunday night "  How I Met Your Mother " actor may do some singing , probably no dancing "  Mother " begins new season ; Harris ' Barney character gets physical with Robin
CNN  -- The former teacher of a schoolboy diagnosed with autism , who is accused by the child 's father of mistreating the student , has called the allegations "  disingenuous , " saying she was n't there when the alleged classroom incident took place . The father , Stuart Chaifetz , said he put a recording device on his 10-year-old son , Akian , and recorded school staff in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , making what he described as inappropriate comments during class . Teacher Kelly Altenburg said through her attorney Friday that she "  does not condone any such remarks . " "  This language was not used at her direction , in her presence or with her knowledge , " according to the statement . Chaifetz launched a website and a YouTube video on Monday to publicize portions of more than six hours of recordings of what he says are teachers and aides talking about alcohol and sex in front of the class , punctuated by yelling at his son to "  shut your mouth . " School authorities said in a statement Friday that they are "  continuing to investigate what occurred in the classroom in question . " "  Since the evidence presented is audio only , it is imperative that the improper conduct identified on the recording is correctly identified to the person  s  who committed the conduct , " the statement said . Altenburg said she had been attending an hour-long meeting when the recordings were made and was not in the room when Akian was allegedly told to "  shut up , " among other comments . "  There is no basis , either legal or truthful , for Mrs. Altenburg to be held accountable for the language or alleged words and actions of others , which may have taken place within her classroom , but which occurred outside of her presence and without her knowledge , " her statement said . Chaifetz responded by saying Altenburg is culpable because the incident occurred in her class . "  This was an all-day situation and it was not limited to the first hour , " he added . Chaifetz said he put the wire on Akian in an attempt to find out why staffers at his son 's school had reported that the boy had been acting out and hitting his teachers . It was unlike his son to misbehave and hit his teachers , he said , though he had difficulty getting answers from Akian because he struggles with speaking . "  He was n't able to come home and say , ` Dad , they called me a name today . ' " At one point in the recording , an adult female voice can be heard saying , "  I had a bottle of wine with my girlfriend last night . " The second female voice asks if she spent the morning "  heaving . " "  Oh my God , so bad , " the first woman responds . "  The wine won . " Chaifetz also said his son can be heard screaming and crying in the recording . He said he reached out to school officials to report the alleged actions of the teachers shortly after he heard them . "  The school district was as horrified as I was , " he said . In an online statement , Cherry Hill Public Schools Superintendent Maureen Reusche said that the district investigated the recordings and "  responded swiftly and appropriately . " "  I want to assure our parents that the individuals who are heard on the recording raising their voices and inappropriately addressing children no longer work in the district and have not since shortly after we received the copy of the recording , " she said . Chaifetz says he wants an apology from the teachers and claims that one of them apparently has been transferred to a local high school in the same district . Altenburg 's attorney , Matthew B Wieliczko , said that his client was initially transferred to another school in the district . She is currently on leave , he said . School officials declined to comment on personnel issues . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : The teacher at the center of the scandal is currently on leave , her attorney says School authorities say they are "  continuing to investigate what occurred " Stuart Chaifetz says school staff made inappropriate comments to his autistic son Teacher Kelly Altenburg says she was n't there when the comments were allegedly made
Montreal  CNN  Canadian authorities are looking for at least four teenagers who may have flown to Turkey in a bid to join ISIS , a police source told CNN -- the latest in a string of such defections by Westerners lured to the Middle East fight for the Islamist group . Two of the four teenagers are women from Laval , Quebec , while at least one is a male from Montreal , the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. reported . The teenagers reportedly flew from Montreal to Turkey in mid-January . Two days later , family members alerted the police . It 's unclear where the teens are now . Three of them attended a Montreal community college that has now suspended its lease arrangement with an Islamic group after finding evidence of what administrators described as "  hate speech " involving one of the group 's leaders , according to a school official . One of the students took two class sessions offered by the organization , its representative , Adil Charkaoui , told reporters . He described the teenager as quiet and "  very shy . " "  We did n't evaluate him , so really we do n't know about his level in religion and in Arabic , " said Charkaoui , who denied any links to radical Islam . Canadian authorities say they are looking at the possibility that other youths may have followed a similar path , but they wo n't say how many . Friends of one of the teenagers identified her as 18-year-old Shayma Senouci , describing her as smart , kind and "  normal " -- not one to talk religion . RCMP declined to comment when asked to confirm that Senouci is among those believed to be in the Middle East . What is ISIS ' appeal for young people ? The disappearances are the latest example of a troubling trend for Western authorities : a steady flow of young Muslims born or raised in the West , lured to Iraq and Syria by slick propaganda churned out by the Islamist group . Some 3,400 Westerners have gone to fight for ISIS , Nicholas Rasmussen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , said in recent U.S. congressional testimony . In the Canadian case , three of the four students attended Montreal CEGEP Collge de Maisonneuve , according to an official there . On Thursday , the school said it had decided to stop leasing classroom space to an Islamic organization that provided Arabic and Quran studies . The organization , cole des Compagnons , was suspended because the college found evidence of "  hate speech and non-respect for our values " involving one of the group 's leaders , spokeswoman Brigitte Desjardins said . "  We are going to interrupt the contract we have with this organization until we have more information , " she said . The agreement is less than a year old , Desjardins said . Charkaoui told reporters Friday that his organization is n't involved in radical Islam , and will sue if the college does not reverse course . "  We are teaching Arabic ,  the  Quran and have given half-hour  lessons on  soccer and 20 minutes about religion , " he said . Charkaoui describes himself on his Twitter account as "  Coordinator of the Collective Against Islamophobia Quebec , Professor , PhD student in Educational Sciences . " Some students at the school interviewed by the CBC were baffled by the news that some contemporaries might go fight for ISIS . "  It 's shocking , I do n't understand how this could happen , " one student told the network . "  It just makes us think , what were they thinking ? " another student said . Paula Newton reported from Montreal and Kim Hutcherson wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Representative of Islamic group suspended by college denies any radical ties Canadian authorities trying to locate at least four teens believed to be trying to join ISIS
What do you get when you combine a cryptocurrency , 752 left turns and a 16-year-old Reddit user ? For NASCAR Sprint Cup driver Josh Wise , it all adds up to sponsorship for one of the most exciting races of the year and a new bunch of tech-savvy fans . The story begins with a teenage racing fan from Niles , Illinois . Reddit user Denis Pavel was watching some of the early races in the 2014 NASCAR season and noticed a black Ford Fusion with no sponsorship and a driver "  racing the wheels off the car . " Pavel was also a member of the subreddit / r/NASCAR and had seen the online community rally behind other drivers and the various fundraising and other campaigns they endorsed . His idea was grander . The teenager wanted to get the No. 98 car sponsored at one of the fastest tracks on the circuit : the Talladega Superspeedway in Alabama . Drivers race side-by-side on the 2.66-mile track , sometimes reaching speeds of more than 200 mph . Enter the cryptocurrency . Introduced in late 2013 and named for a silly Internet meme , Dogecoin is digital currency like Bitcoin -- basically cash for the Internet . Money can be transferred nearly anywhere in the world for less than a penny per transaction and has been used prominently for charitable and notable causes . Related : Man selling home for $ 135,000 in Dogecoins "  I knew that Dogecoin had done some significant fundraisers , like sending the Jamaican bobsled team to the Olympics , " Pavel said . "  I was thinking what kind of response I would get if I did ask the  Reddit  community about sponsoring a Sprint Cup car . They were all with it . " Armed with support , Pavel reached out to the owner of the No. 98 car , Phil Parsons , through Twitter . After exchanging telephone numbers , Pavel told Parsons about the plan to sponsor the car and how it was going to happen . "  I asked if he knew about Reddit or Dogecoin . He said no , " Pavel said . "  He told me the pricing of a full wrap and just a logo on the quarter panel . I do n't know if he thought I was pulling his leg . " Parsons told Pavel that a full wrap , meaning main sponsorship all over the car , would cost $ 50,000 . Pavel felt confident the / r/NASCAR community would get there with the help of Dogecoin . Within a week , the community raised more than $ 55,000 , or 67 million Dogecoins , to sponsor the car and put the Dogecoin Ford Fusion in the Aaron 's 499 race in May . Wise , who admits he had not been very active on the Internet , has been pumped up by the online support . "  The more we 've walked through this  fundraising effort  , it has really been special to us , " Wise said . "  People are noticing our effort . We 're a tiny little team with 7 or 8 employees . The amount of support we 're getting from the Reddit community ... we 're just trying to do the best job we can . " For his part , Wise promoted the effort on Twitter and also did an Ask Me Anything  AMA  session on / r/dogecoin . He even claimed the Reddit user name "  dogedriver " to keep the momentum going . Ben Doernberg , a board member at the Dogecoin Foundation , said that raising the money for the sponsorship was done in record time . Beyond sports ventures , Dogecoin has raised money to build clean water wells in Kenya and for a charity that trains service animals to work with children with autism and other disabilities . "  We are all about fun and goofiness , " Doernberg said . "  At the same time , we want to make sure that digital currency is really giving back to the world . We do feel like this is a technology that can make the world a better place , and we want to put that into practice by doing fundraisers . " Doernberg said the NASCAR sponsorship is one of the largest fundraisers they 've done to date . Since the money was raised on the Internet , it was only fair that the color scheme of the car be chosen there as well . A poll posted on / r/dogecoin asked users to choose between gold , silver or black as the main color . Black garnered more than 57 % of the vote , and the design was finalized . Reddit users also helped develop the fire suits that will be worn by the team on race day . Wise said users asked him during his AMA what he wanted the design to look like . He told them just have fun with it . "  I was n't going to hold them back on anything they wanted , " he said . "  It actually a little more conservative than I probably expected -- something wild and off the wall , but they kept it pretty tame , actually . " The car and suits prominently feature the Shiba Inu dog face commonly associated with the "  doge " Internet meme , along with a rocket ship and the phrase "  To the Moon , " commonly used for the popularity of Dogecoin . But Wise and Parsons were n't done with Dogecoin after just one race . The Sprint Cup Series All-Star race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 17 pits the previous year 's race winners and two top qualifiers in a winner-take-all race . One driver voted in by the fans gets to participate as well . Wise and Parsons said they would race the Dogecoin car if Reddit users vote Wise into the race . The Dogecoin car is also likely to be made into a die-cast 1:24 scale car as part of a NASCAR deal with Lionel Racing Collectibles . Fans of the NASCAR '14 video game will also get the chance to race the Dogecoin car for themselves when it is added in an upcoming DLC pack . "  As the company behind the NASCAR video games and mobile games , we love to see more technology-oriented partners getting involved in NASCAR , " said Ed Martin , executive vice president of Eutechnyx , developer of the video game . "  I think it will bring NASCAR to the attention of a lot of people that have n't been exposed before . " For Pavel , who has loved NASCAR racing all his life , the video game might be the closest he gets to his dream . "  I want to get into NASCAR and want to head to my local tracks like Rockford Speedway . I hopefully one day want to get into a real race car , " he said . For now , Pavel will cheer on the No. 98 Dogecar and Josh Wise at Talladega on May 4 .	Reddit and Dogecoin sponsor NASCAR racer at Talladega A 16-year-old fan led the unusual effort The effort raised $ 55,000 to sponsor the No. 98 car in less than a week Driver Josh Wise responded with Reddit AMA thanking new fans
CNN  -- "  It 's about as difficult as assembling a cupboard from IKEA , " says Gael Langevin , but he 's not talking about an affordable piece of Scandinavian furniture . The 41-year-old French sculptor and model-maker is referring to his open-source , life-size , 3D-printed robot . Known as InMoov , Langevin 's animatronic creation can be made by anyone with access to little more than a basic 3D printer , a few motors , a cheap circuit board and about $ 800 . Langevin has been developing InMoov in his spare time since the beginning of last year and , he stresses , it 's all still very much a work in progress . So far the robot boasts a head , arms and hands and the torso is not far off . On completion of each body part , Langevin shares the printer files and assembly instructions on his dedicated blog . "  I 've also posted some programming instructions -- so you can make it respond to voice-activated commands , " he says . "  It can grab hold of things , tilt its head and move its arms around in various ways ... and when I get around to building some legs , that 's when things will get really interesting . " The project began when Langevin was asked to create to a prosthetic hand for a commercial photo shoot . He 'd recently brought a 3D printer to play with at home , so thought this would be a "  good way to test it out , " he recalls . Although he confesses to being a "  coding novice , " Langevin taught himself how to use Arduino -- a very cheap and increasingly popular microcontroller -- so that he could get his prosthetic hand to move . He posted the bodiless limb to Thingiverse -- a digital design file sharing site -- and was swamped with enthusiastic responses . The users began printing and building their own versions , and wanted to see more . So Langevin obliged . "  Each individual part is small enough to be printed on the cheapest range of 3D printers available to the public " he says , noting that most of the robots you read about are both prohibitively expensive and "  kind of ugly . " Despite the sci-fi appearance of his creation , Langevin 's vision for the InMoov robot is remarkably quaint . "  It 's something to make with the family on weekends , " he says . "  When she was very young , my daughter said she wanted to build a plane and various other incredible things ... this robot shows you can build anything you like . "	French sculptor Gael Langevin has created life-like , affordable open-source robot The designs for each body part can be downloaded and built using a 3D printer Langevin developed the robot after creating a prosthetic hand for a commercial photo shoot
CNN  -- Acclaimed space drama "  Gravity " leads the nominations for this year 's British Academy Film Awards  BAFTAs  with rival movies "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " close on its heels . The three films will compete for the Best Film award , alongside "  Captain Phillips " and "  Philomena , " at the BAFTA red carpet ceremony in London on February 16 . Click here for a full list of BAFTA nominations . Director Alfonso Cuaron 's "  Gravity " -- starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as astronauts adrift in space -- has 11 nominations , including those for best actress for Bullock , cinematography , original screenplay and outstanding British film . "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " follow close behind with 10 nominations each . "  American Hustle 's " David O. Russell is nominated as best director while Christian Bale and Amy Adams are up for best actor and actress awards for their roles as con-artists forced to work with a federal agent on a sting . Awards tracker Director Steve McQueen is also in contention , for his "  12 Years A Slave , " about a free black man kidnapped and forced into slavery in 19th century America . Chiwetel Ejiofor is nominated for best actor for his role in the film and his co-stars Michael Fassbender and Lupita Nyong ' O score nominations in the best supporting actor and actress categories . "  Captain Phillips " notches up nine nominations , including best actor for Tom Hanks , in the title role . The film is based on the true story of the attempted hijacking of a ship captained by Richard Phillips off the coast of Somalia in 2009 . In other films based on real life events , Matt Damon is nominated for best supporting actor for his role as the boyfriend of flamboyant singer Liberace in "  Behind the Candelabra . " The biopic , which was released in cinemas in the UK , is up for five awards in BAFTA 's film section after its U.S. release on television channel HBO made it ineligible for an Oscar . Special coverage : Awards Season 2014 Damon 's co-star Michael Douglas went on to win an Emmy television award for outstanding lead actor for playing the singer . Leonardo DiCaprio has also been BAFTA-nominated for best actor for his role in "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " which has three nominations in total , as does "  Philomena " -- including best actress for Judi Dench . Read more : Awards Season 101 Read more : ` Gravity ' is a human film , Bullock says Read more : ` Slave , ' ` Hustle ' dominate Golden Globe nominations	Films nominated for the British Academy Film Awards announced Director Alfonso Cuaron 's "  Gravity " nominated for 11 BAFTAs "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " each scored 10 nominations Award winners will be announced at a red carpet ceremony on February 16
"  It breaks my heart to think how many people would not have chosen to keep that precious angel . " -- Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi , speaking about abortion and Down syndrome at the 2012 National Convention . "  I highly approve of  Mitt  Romney 's decision to be kind and gentle to the retard . " -- Ann Coulter , tweeting about the third presidential debate . "  No one would call someone with Down syndrome ` retard . ' I call you a ` retard . ' " -- Coulter on Alan Colmes ' Fox News Radio show . Let 's pretend that Ann Coulter is telling the truth in that last comment . Yes , she called President Barack Obama a retard , but at least she claimed she 'd never insult someone with Down syndrome . Even if she 's lying , we have come a long way . Children with Down syndrome still get bullied or even abused , and adults with any disability face an uncertain future , particularly in an era of austerity , but today few would call someone with Down syndrome a retard to his or her face . For this , as the father of a boy with Down syndrome , I am grateful . In fact , over the last 50 years or so , the lives of people with Down syndrome and other disabilities have improved in many remarkable ways . Most parents are now raising their children with Down syndrome in their homes rather than sending them to live in institutions . Government programs , especially through early intervention and special education , employ teachers and therapists who have helped these children learn beyond our wildest dreams . Medical advances not only prevent many of the most dire threats to their health but begin to promise new treatments to make it easier for them to learn . Extended families , churches , community groups and nonprofits all work to support families such as mine . And sometimes , when relatives or church members or kind strangers meet my son or hear that I have a boy with Down syndrome , they smile and tell me that "  people with Downs " or "  Downs kids " are God 's angels sent down to earth . I smile and thank them and agree that people with Down syndrome can be pretty great . But while good intentions count for a lot , "  angel " makes me no happier than "  retard . " Most parents who have spent time changing diapers , dealing with tantrums or trying to get a sleepy child , with or without Down syndrome , ready for the school bus in time know that "  angel " does n't always cut it . People talk about Down syndrome "  special angels " or "  hidden angels " across the Internet and media . Reece 's Rainbow Adoption Ministry , an organization that does spectacular work finding homes for orphan children with Down syndrome , has an "  angel tree " on its website , with pictures of children in need of adoption . The founder writes , "  The beauty and innocence that a child with Down syndrome brings to the world is truly one of Divine nature . " This is a little more complex than "  angel , " but the focus on innocence points in the same direction . Ann Coulter 's backward use of the ` r-word ' No human , including my son , is entirely innocent or angelic . Symbols , labels and representations -- in media , literature and our daily conversations -- shape reality . The words "  retard " and "  angel " represent images that dehumanize and disempower . Both words connote two-dimensional , simple or limited people . Neither angels nor retards can live in the world with the rest of us , except as pets , charity cases or abstract sources of inspiration . I am delighted to see the tide turn against the "  r-word . " After Coulter tweeted about the president , John Franklin Stephens , a man with Down syndrome , took to the Internet and to CNN . He argued that comparing the president to people such as him ought to be a "  badge of honor " given the pathways he has forged through life 's complex problems . The wave of support and publicity received by Stephens gives me hope for my son and for all of us who think our lives are improved by a society that includes everybody . Language changes as knowledge and attitudes change . Doctors started using the word "  retarded " to replace "  Mongoloid Idiot . " A lot of good came with that shift , because it indicated a new understanding that people with Down syndrome were not monstrously limited creatures best locked up in an institution . Today , we talk about "  developmentally delayed , " and a lot of good has come with that shift , too . People see a child with developmental delays as having the potential to learn , to grow , to develop and to become a self-advocate . And even Coulter , as a result , claims she would never call my son a retard . But other words will replace it . People will find new ways to use language to divide , to objectify and to dehumanize . The issue is n't language , not specific words , but representation . My son is neither angel nor monster , just human . It 's true that he 's more confident in the world of empathy than of language . He reflects and intensifies the emotions of those around him . He meets love with even more love . These traits can be wonderful , and they 're pretty typical of people with Down syndrome . But complex emotional lives define us as human , not angelic . So let 's listen to the rueful laughs of so many of my fellow parents who insist : "  My child is no angel . " Let 's stand with Stephens as we fight against hate speech . Let 's include people with developmental disabilities fully into our society . Most of all , let 's always think of people with Down syndrome as people , first , not syndromes . Then the cruel words employed by clownish bigots will vanish into historical memory .	Ann Coulter 's "  retard " comment not aimed at Down syndrome , she said David Perry has son with Down syndrome and says culture has come far in accepting disability He says some call Down syndrome kids "  angels " but that 's little better than "  retards " Perry : We should see humanity of those with Down syndrome -- they 're people , not syndromes
CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton said Wednesday that overhauling the nation 's health care system should be easier now than when he tried in the early '90s , despite the current financial doldrums . Bill Clinton says fewer obstacles to health care reform exist now compared to when he was president . "  I think that the consensus is overwhelming , " Clinton said in an interview with Dr. Sanjay Gupta taped for CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  The politics and the economics are much better now and the policies are better , " he said . "  They 've made advances over where we were . " In 1993 , Clinton pushed for a universal health care plan , with his wife , then-first lady Hillary Clinton , heading a task force on the issue . Small-business groups , doctors , the insurance industry and congressional Republicans lined up to fight the plan , which was officially declared dead in Congress the next year . President Obama 's plan , which offers people the chance to buy into the same health plan federal government employees use , avoids some of the more controversial aspects of that effort . "  We have a simpler , clearer path to the future than we did when I was there , " Clinton said . Watch Clinton discuss health care reform " "  You do n't have to have an employer mandate . You do n't have to have a tax increase now , " he said . "  I think the obstacles are less than they were . " Those differences have made doctors , small-business owners and even some in the insurance industry more open to reform , Clinton said . Plus , Democrats now hold comfortable majorities in both the House and Senate , meaning fewer Republican votes are needed to reach the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster in the Senate . Clinton said Obama is well-situated to handle the fight for health care reform , in part because of the fine-tuning his plans went through during his Democratic nomination fight with now-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . He cited a health care forum in which Obama , Clinton and others spelled out their plans , opening them up to criticism from their opponents and creating the opportunity to continue improving them . "  By the time the primary was winnowed down to two candidates , there was some difference on how universal the coverage would be , but Hillary 's plan and then-Sen . Obama 's plan looked pretty close , " Clinton said . "  The president then made it very clear he was going to pursue this . " Tough economic times should n't hinder reform , Clinton said . "  I believe that health care and education and energy are all economic issues , " he said . "  For many people , many working families in America , before the financial crisis , the economic problem they had was health care , " he said . "  Health care was driving the majority of the bankruptcies in this country . It was keeping parents up late at night . "	Clinton says President Obama 's plan less controversial than plan he pushed in 1993 Obama 's plan offers chance to buy into same coverage as federal employees "  We have a simpler , clearer path to the future , " Clinton says Obama plan has advantage of undergoing fine-tuning during the primary , he says
CNN  -- Enough Afghan opium to supply world demand for two years has effectively gone missing , with the Taliban suspected of stockpiling supplies in a bid to corner the market , the United Nations Office for Drugs and Crime  UNODC  has revealed . Pakistani customs officials destroy contraband narcotics on the border with Afghanistan . Afghanistan is the world 's leading narcotics supplier . Earlier this month , a U.N. study revealed Afghanistan 's opium production had dropped dramatically this year partly because of new aggressive drug-fighting tactics in the country . According to the UNODC report , production dipped by 10 percent this year while cultivation fell by 22 percent . However , a senior U.N. spokesman warned that this positive news should be treated with caution . "  We figure the world needs around 4,000 tons of opium a year for licit and illicit purposes , " Walter Kemp of the UNODC told CNN . Has enough empasis been placed on drug trafficking ? "  But this year around 6,900 tons was produced , with 7,700 tons delivered last year and more than 8,500 the year before that . Map showing where Afghan opium is going " "  So if the world only needs around 4,000 tons of opium and a further 1,000 is seized , where is the rest of it going ? " According to Kemp , world demand for opium remains stable yet prices are not crashing , which suggests a large amount of opium is being withheld from the market . "  Our guess is that around 12,000 tons of opium has been stockpiled somewhere -- not all in one place but in and around Afghanistan , " he added . "  So while production might be coming down -- mostly because of market reasons -- there 's still a lot of product around to satisfy demand for about two years . " It is unclear exactly who is responsible for this but there 's growing evidence , according to the U.N. , that the Taliban are becoming increasingly involved in the industry and could be sitting on huge stockpiles of opium to use as credit for financing their activities . "  Farmers will be keeping small amounts back as credit for things such as a dowry or buying livestock , " said Kemp . "  But they wo n't have the means to store supplies in the kind of quantities we 're talking about here . "  It 's probably in the hands of people with the ability to store it underground and to keep people away from it through corruption or force . " Hakan Demirbuken , a research expert on the U.N. 's Afghan Opium Trade Program , said Taliban involvement in the drugs trade is not limited to taxing Afghan opium farmers and traders in return for their "  protection . " He told CNN : "  Last year we estimated that Afghan poppy farmers earned around $ 730 million , while traders who take the product on to the border earned around $ 3.4 billion . " "  From this lucrative business the Taliban took around $ 125 million in tax . "  But according to U.N. figures they need around $ 800 million per year for their operational needs . " However , most of the trade is controlled by organized criminal groups from outside Afghanistan . Therefore Demirbuken believes groups such as the Taliban and al Qaeda will be forging links with criminal gangs in order to become more involved in the production and trafficking stages . In addition to the increased revenue greater involvement would provide , he said groups such as al Qaeda "  will have noted the destabilizing effect this industry -- and the sums of money it generates -- can have on more vulnerable countries with weak governments . " In October last year , the United States told NATO members that the drug trade was a threat to coalition troops because there was a direct connection between it and Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan . "  There is what we call a nexus of insurgency . There 's a very broad range of militant groups that are combined with the criminality , with the narco-trafficking system , with corruption , that form a threat and a challenge to the future of that great country , " then-U.S. commander in Afghanistan Gen. David McKiernan told reporters . As a result NATO combat forces have now been actively attacking militants , drug laboratories and buildings connected to insurgents with ties to drug lords for the first time since the start of the Afghan conflict in 2001 . Meanwhile , international law enforcement organization , Interpol , believes there has been a change of tactic involving Afghanistan 's opium , with much more of it being turned into heroin within the country and stockpiled or couriered out , primarily through Iran . Historically Afghanistan has been responsible only for cultivating raw opium , with the conversion into a final product taking place across the border in Pakistan or in Iran and Turkey , according to the UNODC . Producing heroin in Afghanistan makes it easier to conceal and transport than the bulkier raw opium .	Recent study revealed Afghan opium production has dropped dramatically U.N. says this should be treated with caution as country has been over-producing Taliban suspected of stockpiling large amounts of opium "  as credit " U.S. has warned of growing link between Taliban and the drug trade
CNN  -- What a difference a Messi makes . Last weekend "  King Leo " inspired Barcelona to a seven-goal victory on the opening day of the Spanish soccer season , but in his absence Sunday the reigning champions battled to beat Malaga 1-0 . With the four-time world player of the year rested after suffering a bruised thigh in the midweek Spanish Super Cup draw with Atletico Madrid , new coach Gerardo Martino stuck to his word and left $ 75 million signing Neymar on the substitutes ' bench . And without a recognized striker , Barca struggled to make the team 's usual dominance of possession pay off -- the winner at Malaga came courtesy of a superb curling shot by defender Adriano from outside the penalty area . Neymar did get another run , but the 21-year-old Brazil star was unable to repeat his goal against Atletico as he was subjected to a series of rough challenges -- and had a late free-kick well-saved . Earlier , Xavi 's free-kick was deflected against the Malaga crossbar , but Barca ultimately had keeper Victor Valdes to thank -- as well as the woodwork . Fabrice Olinga scrambled a shot that rebounded to safety off the post , then Sebastian Fernandez headed straight at Valdes when he should have equalized . The win left Barca top of the table on goal difference from Atletico , despite the Madrid side 's 5-0 thrashing of Rayo Vallecano earlier Sunday . Raul Garcia scored in each half while Diego Costa , Arda Turan and Tiago also netted in a perfect warm-up for Wednesday 's trip to the Nou Camp for the second leg of the Super Cup . Real Madrid can also move onto six points by beating Granada on Monday , ahead of the expected unveiling of Tottenham forward Gareth Bale in what is tipped to be a world-record transfer fee . Levante recovered from last week 's drubbing by Barca , holding Sevilla 0-0 , while Real Betis Celta Vigo beat Real Betis 2-1 in Sunday 's late match despite having Borja Oubina sent off near the end . In Italy , Inter Milan beat Genoa 2-0 in Walter Mazzarri 's first match in charge , with Japanese defender Yuto Nagatomo and Argentina forward Rodrigo Palacio scoring in the final 20 minutes . "  We must remember that these lads had gone four and a half months without winning at home , and there were lots of defeats in there too , " former Napoli coach Mazzarri said , referring to the disastrous form which left Inter ninth in the table last season and well short of European qualification . "  We needed to shake off this fear that we 'd concede on the first counter-attack . The players just needed a bit of belief . " Napoli 's new coach Rafael Benitez also had a winning start as last season 's runners-up beat Bologna 3-0 , with two goals from Slovakian playmaker Marek Hamsik and the opener from former Real Madrid forward Jose Maria Callejon . French coach Rudy Garcia was similarly successful in his first match with Roma , coming away from promoted Livorno with a 2-0 win thanks to second-half goals from Daniele De Rossi and Alessandro Florenzi . Lazio , fifth in the previous campaign , bounced back from last weekend 's 4-0 Italian Super Cup defeat by Juventus to beat Udinese 2-1 . In France , champions Paris Saint-Germain won for the first time this season , beating Nantes 2-1 following two earlier draws . Edinson Cavani , an $ 84 million signing from Napoli , put PSG ahead in the first half before an own-goal by defender Alex , but Ezequiel Lavezzi pounced for a 74th-minute winner after Lucas ' shot was blocked on the line . The result left Laurent Blanc 's team four points behind top side Marseille and two behind second-placed Monaco . In Germany , Eintracht Frankfurt notched a first win this season , 2-0 at Eintracht Braunschweig which left the promoted side bottom of the table without a point . Stuttgart 's 2-1 defeat by Augsburg left the five-time Bundesliga champions also on three losses .	Sunday 's 1-0 win at Malaga keeps Barcelona top of La Liga Defender Adriano scores only goal in absence of Lionel Messi Atletico Madrid also on six points after 5-0 thrashing of Rayo Vallecano Winning starts in Italy for new coaches at Inter , Napoli and Roma
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Inside a brightly painted Mogadishu clinic , Salim  not her real name  sits alongside her seven-year-old son , waiting for a check up . Opposite them , a health professional listens to their nightmarish ordeal . Salim recounts how she was raped and then watched , helpless , as her young son was molested . Too afraid to seek assistance , she did what she thought would help . She washed her son 's wounds with hot water and salt for four excruciating days , until they were brought here , the Sister Somalia center . "  There are so many stories ; when you hear one , another one is even worse and that makes you think of it all the time , " says Fartuun Adan , co-founder of Sister Somalia , the first rape crisis center in the East African country . "  I even dream about what I heard during the day . " A champion for women 's rights in Somalia , Adan is used to hearing such horror stories . Two years ago , she started Sister Somalia , a group dedicated to supporting survivors of sexual violence with medical services , counseling , education and entrepreneurial advice . "  Our purpose when they are there  is for them  to feel safe , " says Adan . "  If you want to cry , if you want to laugh -- support them ,  make them  feel at home and that 's why we created the center . " ` Rape was everywhere ' But in order to provide rape victims with a refuge , Adan had to risk her own safety . Her mission began in 2007 , at the height of a Somali conflict that had been raging for more than 15 years . Until then , Adan was living with her three daughters in Ottawa , having fled to Canada in 1999 three years after the brutal murder of her husband , Somali human rights activist Elman Ali Ahmed . Read this : Peace concert rocks Mogadishu But six years ago , Adan took the courageous decision to leave her children behind and return to her motherland to help the Somali women and youth suffering because of the war . Adan initially focused her efforts on reviving the work of her late husband , a prominent peace activist committed to rescuing young boys from becoming child soldiers . But in 2011 , many parts of Somalia suffered from famine , forcing thousands of people to make the grueling trek to Mogadishu where humanitarian organizations were giving out food . Makeshift camps sprouted all over the capital , providing shelter for the internally displaced . But for many women and children living there , cut off from the protection of their clans , the camps were places of rape and violence . To deal with the growing crisis , Adan started Sister Somalia , the first organization in the country to come out publicly and talk about the astonishing number of sexual abuse victims . "  Rape was everywhere , Somalia was in denial , " she says . "  There was a lot of denial and that made it harder . " ` Safe place ' Community elders wanted Adan to hide the rapes and Islamist militants and militia men constantly threatened her . But the activist defied the dangers to provide rape victims with a place of healing . At the Sister Somalia center , women and children receive a holistic approach to care and treatment . Initially , the victims are given short-term anti-retroviral treatment to reduce the likelihood of HIV infection . They also receive drugs to prevent pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases . Read this : Chef brings a taste of peace to Mogadishu The women and children are sheltered in safe houses , becoming part of a communal setting that provides victims with emotional support as they go through counseling and treatment . "  This is a very safe place , " says Adan , who now runs the group with one of her daughters . "  We can talk , we can eat , take tea together , having a little fun so they forget most of the times and they share their story . " World recognition For her work championing human rights and women 's rights in Somalia , often in dangerous conditions , Adan was bestowed in March with the U.S. Secretary of State 's International Women of Courage Award , an annual prize that pays tribute to emerging women leaders across the world . "  I was happy because of the recognition we got , not only me but all the other women who are doing the job we are doing in Somalia , " says Adan , who started Sister Somalia alongside Lisa Shannon , founder of "  Run for Congo " and Katy Grant , co-founder of Prism Partnership . "  It 's an encouragement for us , " adds Adan , who now runs the group with one of her daughters and a few dedicated helpers . An eight-person volunteer support staff based in North America also gives administrative assistance . "  I was always thinking how can I help women but I never thought it would be recognized internationally , " she adds . Hope Rape in Somalia carries huge social stigma , so although an increasing number of women seek help at Adan 's crisis center , many more suffer in silence . "  A lot of people know what is going on but they are denying , " says Adan . "  Even the family , they deny if their girl gets raped because they do n't want her to be stigmatized and shamed and that makes it hard . " Read this : Holidays in Somalia , anyone ? But for the first time in a long time , there is a new sense of optimism in Somalia . After more than two decades of war , there is a newly elected president and parliament . Adan says political leaders now acknowledge rape is a huge issue in the country , and this gives her hope for the future . "  I would like to see peace , justice , development like another country , " says Adan . "  Just to walk around without worrying and women can go to market and see whatever they want ; have education , health , the basic human rights -- that is what I want to see . "	Many Somali women raped in camps that were set up to shelter them Fartuun Adan is co-founder of Sister Somalia , the county 's first rape crisis center The organization provides victims with medical services , counseling and education For her work , Adan has been given the International Women of Courage Award
CNN  -- U.S. troops have launched a "  major operation " against Taliban fighters in southern Afghanistan , U.S. military officials announced in Afghanistan early Thursday . U.S. Marines gather for a briefing in Helmand Province , Afghanistan , on Wednesday . About 4,000 Americans , mostly from the Marines , and 650 Afghan soldiers and police launched Operation Khanjar -- "  strike of the sword " -- in the Helmand River valley , the U.S. command in Kabul announced . The push is the largest since the Pentagon began moving additional troops into the conflict this year , and it follows a British-led operation launched last week in the same region , the Marines said . It is also the first big move since U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal took over as the allied commander in Afghanistan in mid-June . In Washington , a senior defense official said the size and scope of the new operation are "  very significant . " "  It 's not common for forces to operate at the brigade level , " the official said . "  In fact , they often only conduct missions at the platoon level . And they 're going into the most troubled area of Afghanistan . " Helmand Province , where much of the fighting is taking place , has been a hotbed of Taliban violence in recent months . At least 25 U.S. and British troops have been killed there in 2009 . The defense official said the operation is a "  tangible indication " of the new approach that McChrystal -- a former chief of the Pentagon 's special operations command -- is bringing to the nearly eight-year war . "  They 're not just doing an offensive push to get bad guys ; they 're going in to hold the area and stay there , " the official said . "  This approach is indicative of McChrystal 's philosophy : measuring success by the number of Afghans protected , not bad guys killed . " The Obama administration has moved about 21,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan , the original front in the war launched after the September 11 attacks . During his confirmation hearing in June , McChrystal told senators that the conflict requires a new focus on counterinsurgency to reduce violence and build support for the U.S.-led NATO alliance among Afghans . "  Although I expect stiff fighting ahead , the measure of success will not be enemy killed . It will be shielding the Afghan population from violence , " he said . The Islamic fundamentalist Taliban ruled most of Afghanistan before its allies in the al Qaeda terrorist network attacked New York and Washington in 2001 . Though quickly toppled after the attacks , its leaders escaped , and the movement regrouped in the Afghan countryside and across the border in Pakistan . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	4,000 American troops , 650 Afghans involved in Operation Khanjar It focuses on Helmand River valley , hotbed of Taliban violence Operation 's size and scope are "  very significant , " official says
Editor 's note : CNN affiliates report on where job seekers are finding work across the country and how those looking for employment are coping with the situation . Workers at the Jayco plant in Elkhart County in Indiana put together a travel trailer in February . CNN  -- Elkhart , Indiana , has suffered through a litany of economic bad news and layoffs . The United States Department of Labor said that in March , the Elkhart metropolitan area had the fifth highest unemployment in the country . Just last year the Monaco Coach Corp. closed down its motor home assembly plants in Elkhart , Nappanee and Wakarusa . But Electric Motors Corp. , which builds engines , cars and trucks , is moving into Elkhart County and bringing hundreds of jobs . "  Their production working skills will be a little bit different than RV workers , but not that much different . We 'll easily be able to train the workers , " County Commissioner Mike Yoder told WSJV . Neither the company nor government officials would comment on how many jobs could potentially be created . "  It 's good to get a small number just to build up and hopefully it 'll keep coming , " said college student Erika Miller , who is looking for summer work . Read the full report on WSJV South : Famed New Orleans hotel closed after Katrina hiring hundreds The Roosevelt Hotel in New Orleans , Louisiana , is almost ready to reopen after being shuttered after Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 . After undergoing a $ 145 million renovation , the hotel will be staffed by 400 employees . This past week , more than 5,000 job seekers came to a job fair at the downtown landmark . Some of the people hired will begin in a few weeks , while others will start later . "  We are looking to make some additional hires in September and in October when business picks up , " Roosevelt employee Melissa Kariker told WDSU . One applicant at the fair had worked previously at the hotel . "  I started my career with the Fairmont-Roosevelt , " Gregory Smith said . "  I worked in the Blue Room for several years . " Read the report on WDSU Midwest : Newspaper giving away space for ` Hire me ' ads The New Herald newspaper of Cleveland , Ohio , will publish "  Hire me " ads in its Sunday editions and on its Web site . There is no cost for job seekers , but the offer applies only to this Sunday 's paper . "  It 's actually something our publisher suggested that they did back in the '70s at the height of unemployment that he had worked at that time , " executive editor Tricia Ambrose told WEWS . The Web site will also post video resumes . Read the report on WEWS West : Solar panel plant to hire 300 Schott Solar , which makes photovoltaic solar panels , opened a plant in Albuquerque , New Mexico , this week , bringing 350 jobs . Officials with the company told KRQE the number of employees could grow to more than 1,500 . A plant manager said the company provides its own funding and has not been hurt much during the recession , KRQE reported . Officials from the California-based company said they chose New Mexico in part because of the amount of sunshine it receives . Watch the full report on KRQE Around the nation General Mills will hire 112 people when it builds a distribution center in Social Circle , Georgia , WGCL in Atlanta reports . ... In Richland , Washington , federal stimulus money is being used to pay for environmental cleanup , KREM reports . ... Target and Lowe 's stores are scheduled to open in Greenland , New Hampshire , this summer , bringing 400 jobs to the town , WMUR reports .	Eco-friendly vehicle company moving into RV plant in Indiana Roosevelt Hotel opening in New Orleans after four years in the dark Newspaper providing free classified ads for job hunters for one Sunday Plant that makes solar panels opens this week in New Mexico
CNN  -- If the United States is serious about thoroughly defeating ISIS , it must -- somehow , some way -- go through Syria . But how ? And in what way ? Those are the big questions now , as President Barack Obama weighs what to do inside the war-ravaged nation where ISIS leaders are based and where the Islamist terror group rose to prominence . Obama ceded Thursday that "  we do n't have a strategy yet " for what to do about ISIS inside Syria , with a senior administration official adding that a decision is "  a week or so " away . There are certainly options , but none is clear-cut . "  There is no such thing as a no-risk strategy , " said Rep. Adam Smith , D-Washington . "  It 's a matter of taking the right risk and balancing that risk to make the right choice . " Here 's a look at some possibilities , including why and how they could and could not work : 1  Ground forces In other words , go all in . When terrorists attacked on September 11 , 2001 , the United States showed its willingness to use its full military might when it attacked Afghanistan -- a campaign that dragged on for years and killed more than 2,300 American troops . That steep cost , both human and financial , is the big reason this is very , very unlikely to happen again in Syria . No U.S. officials have suggested troops on the ground . The fact none were sent to fight in Iraq -- a country where the U.S. has deeper ties and a government it works with -- is further indication there will be no U.S. ground invasion of Syria anytime soon . There could be smaller-scale , targeted operations , though . After all , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN that , this summer , elite U.S. commandos from units like Delta Force and Navy SEAL Team 6 went into Syria and tried to rescue American journalist James Foley and others held by Islamic militants . They did n't find hostages , but who 's to say U.S. Special Operations Forces could n't conduct more such missions to save others or for some other purpose ? Then there 's the possibility American troops could go into Syria to help with the targeting of U.S. airstrikes . Of course , all bets are off if ISIS pulls an al Qaeda and strikes inside the United States . That has n't happened yet , though some experts believe that such an attack from ISIS -- which , upon beheading Foley , warned other U.S. citizens could be next -- might be a matter of time . 2  Airstrikes Obama gave the go-ahead to pound ISIS forces in Iraq from the air . Why not do the same in Syria , a country the President himself ceded Thursday has become a "  safe haven " for the terror group ? Except it 's not that simple . It starts with the fact that Syria is a mess . Three years of civil war have torn apart the country , spurring the emergence of rebel groups fighting to oust President Bashar al-Assad and sometimes against each other . About the only thing al-Assad and rebel groups have in common is that ISIS is their enemy . Obama is pushing to get al-Assad too , but they 're on the same side when it comes to ISIS . Yet U.S. officials insist this shared cause does n't mean they 'll coordinate any military action with al-Assad 's government , even if Syrian officials are demanding it . It 's one thing to anger Syria even more . It 's another thing to anger its allies Iran and Russia . Russia , which is already at odds with the West over Ukraine , could block any U.N. Security Council effort to give a seal of approval to international strikes . All of this brings many questions : Does the United States really want to conduct a military campaign in a country without a government that is stable and that it trusts ? Can it count on opposition factions it supports to provide any long-term stability ? And does it know that airstrikes will wipe out ISIS in Syria rather than stalling the group ? Absent a fortune-teller , it 's hard to tell how any military action would turn out . Still , if Obama decides that 's the way to go now , White House spokesman Josh Earnest stressed , more needs to be done politically , diplomatically and economically long-term to keep ISIS down . "  Any sort of strategy that 's predicated only on the use of American military force will not be an enduring solution , " he said . 3  Support factions in Syria to fight ISIS The Obama administration frequently touts its support for "  moderate opposition " battling both al-Assad 's forces and ISIS . Yet , for all its talk , it has n't directly armed such forces . The ideal is , if you arm groups like the Free Syrian Army , they can help take out ISIS . That may not be realistic , considering ISIS with the Syrian government may be the most powerful forces now in the nation . Then there 's the real possibility that if moderate forces lose , American weaponry may end up in the hands of ISIS , as has happened in Iraq . Still , it helps to have someone local you trust to provide on-the-ground intelligence for airstrikes or compliment those strikes with a ground assault . Smith , the Democrats ' ranking member on the House Armed Services Committee , is among those who believes "  U.S. military might alone is not going to contain ISIS . We are going to need partners locally . " "  We have to strengthen them , not so much so they can win , " Smith said of the Free Syria movement , "  but so that they can survive and maintain some territory to give us a partner to work with . " 4  Cut off ISIS 's funding If you ca n't pound ISIS into submission militarily , the reasoning goes , you can hit it where it hurts : the wallet . The thinking goes that , in order to wage war , you need weapons , vehicles , ammunition . In order to govern a country , you need access to food , water and electricity . And usually to address these needs , a group needs money . Implementing sanctions and freezing bank accounts are often the first , least controversial steps to go after a terrorist group . And they can have an impact , but they also have their limits . For one , one should n't think such efforts will be effective overnight . They take time to coordinate , and it takes time to drain militants ' piggy banks . Plus , it 's not like there 's a readily available list of ISIS donors to go after . And the fact is , ISIS is n't like many other terror groups . Unlike others like al Qaeda , it 's chief goal is as practical as it is ideological : to take over and govern territory . Already , ISIS has proven adept at seizing weaponry . It 's also paid attention to things like food stocks , electricity , sewage , medical care and more , as a recent Foreign Policy article noted . "  They are in this for the long haul , " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , said . "  They are trying to structure themselves in a way that they can hold and expand their holdings . " Whether its government is effective or not , one thing ISIS has proven is its zealousness for the cause and willingness to sacrifice civilians who have n't believed in it from the beginning . 5  Build a true international coalition One big thing the United States has going for it : Practically no one likes ISIS . Sure , there are groups and individuals backing the formation of an Islamic State -- which is what ISIS calls itself now that it controls a vast swath of Syria and Iraq -- governed by sharia law . Some from oil-rich Muslim states in the Middle East may bankroll the group ; others fight , with U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder this summer estimating that there are 7,000 such foreigners with militant groups in Syria . "  There are clearly two camps in the world today : those who believe that sovereignty and supremacy in the world belongs to God , they are the Islamic State ,  and  those who believe sovereignty belongs to man , " said British firebrand preacher Anjem Choudhary , who sides with the Islamic State . Yet ISIS has far , far more detractors than supporters . It has a bloody track record of beheadings , crucifixions , stonings , not to mention the widespread slaughtering of minorities , Christians and Muslims who do n't prescribe to its strict interpretation of Islam . Such actions -- like Foley 's execution -- spurred widespread condemnation . Some have incentive to go beyond condemnation and act , militarily , against ISIS . Start with nations that border Syria , like Jordan and Turkey . As its self-ordained caliphate shows , ISIS has shown that it does n't abide by national borders . What 's to stop it from advancing into another country , especially if it gets bigger , stronger and richer ? That possibility might spur other countries , besides the United States , to step in sooner rather than later . Even if they do n't neighbor Iraq or Syria , nations with significant populations of Sunnis -- which is the sect of most Muslims worldwide , including in Middle Eastern nations like Saudi Arabia and Egypt -- may have reason to worry . Like with al Qaeda previously , disaffected young Muslims anywhere -- even in the West -- could join ISIS , then perhaps deciding to act out in their homelands . "  It 's certainly not in the interest of governments in that neighborhood to have  ISIS  wreaking havoc or perpetrating terrible acts of violence , " said Earnest , the White House spokesman . These nations could band together . The United States could be part of this coalition , perhaps letting others take an equal or greater role in military operations . The idea of Washington leading "  from behind " has precedent : look at Libya . This international coalition got what it wanted with the downfall of dictator Moammar Gadhafi . But years later , Libya is not a model of anything good : beset by warring militias and without an effective central government . Rogers , the House Intelligence committee chairman , thinks the Obama administration has had "  no real strategy " on ISIS so far -- especially a strategy that addresses the group 's base in Syria -- even though the group 's been growing stronger for years . "  We 're so far along into this , " the Republican said of ISIS 's rise . "  It 's not like this happened just last week . "	Obama : U.S. has no military strategy yet on what to do against ISIS in Syria There 's been no hint of ground forces , but commandos did do a rescue mission Airstrikes are a possibility ; a congressman says it 's critical U.S. work with locals "  There is no such thing as a no-risk strategy , " Rep. Adam Smith adds
CNN  -- Part of the imagined charms of space flight is not just the view from the window . It is also the thrill of breaking the shackles of gravity and free-floating . Now taking a break from Newton 's laws is easier  and cheaper  than ever . For years , the European Space Agency  ESA  has used a Novespace-owned Airbus to run parabolic , aka "  zero-gravity " flights for scientists and astronauts-in-training . Last March , Novespace started selling seats to the general public for a relatively reasonable $ 7,932 . "  I 've been doing this for 20 years , and every flight , there 's always this ` wow ' impression , " says Vladimir Pletser , the parabolic flight manager at the ESA , and a Guinness record holder for most aircraft flown in parabola . "  It 's like you get born again in a new environment . Words are not enough to describe it . You have to live it . " "  Zero-gravity " is a bit of a misnomer , as the Zero-G -- the Airbus A300 that performs the missions -- never leaves Earth 's orbit . Rather , the weightless feeling is a result of the plane 's parabolic flight path . The aircraft shoots up at a 47-degree angle at full engine thrust -- at which point everything inside the plane experiences hypergravity , and is heavier . The thrust is then reduced , and the plane is allowed to experience free fall , allowing everything inside to become weightless . "  Gravity does not disappear , but we are in a state of freefall , " explains Pletser . "  With respect to the environment , which is the cabin , your weight will be zero . It 's absolute magic . " Magical though it may be , the experience lasts a mere 20 seconds . To draw out the experience , the Zero-G needs to thrust up and fall down in a series of 30 parabolas  it 's no wonder it 's nicknamed the "  vomit comet . " The Zero-G has not abandoned its main purpose , however , which is to provide a handy gravity-free environment for scientists to conduct experiments . "  It is a beautiful opportunity , " notes Jean-Louis Thonnard , a professor at Belgium 's Universit  Catholique de Louvain who is researching gravity 's effect on upper-body movement . "  By studying the manipulation of objects in different gravity fields , we understand how important gravity is on Earth , " he explains . "  We are gravity dependent . " Sticking a scientist on a parabolic flight is considerably cheaper than sending them to the International Space Station , and many of the world 's top space centers use Zero-G as a venue for the early stages of experimentation . It 's no surprise that a lot of the research is space-themed . The International Space University in Strasbourg , for instance , is researching how gravity affects our everyday perception of objects in terms of weight and density . According to Leonardo Surdo , a researcher at the university , studies show that on Earth , when people are presented with two balls of equal weight , they will mistakenly assume the smaller one is heavier . This is known as size-mass illusion . Read more : Google explores the Airbus A380 "  In microgravity , we do n't have weight , just mass . It gives us the opportunity to see what the mechanism is underlying this illusion , " says Surdo . In terms of real-world application , the experiment can help prevent accidents in space . "  We do n't want astronauts to take different objects and smash them , " he says . According to Pletser , allowing the public to board the plane is partly an educational enterprise . By interacting with scientists , they 're able to better grasp the affects of microgravity . "  It allows them to have an experience of zero gravity , and to see what it 's good for , " he says .	Last March , Novespace started selling seats on their "  zero-gravity " flights . Planes that follow a parabolic flight path can mimic the feeling of entering a gravity-free zone . Tickets cost $ 7,932  cheaper than $ 250,000 for a seat on Virgin Galactic  . The flights are popular with scientists and astronauts-in-training .
Craig Johnson looks like he could have stepped out of the pages of one of his own best-selling Western novels . He 's a tall man in cowboy boots , a pearl snap shirt and a 10-gallon hat , carrying a leather satchel . With the late-day sun behind him , he could even pass for his fictional hero , Sheriff Walt Longmire . There are some similarities between the writer and his subject , and readers have been known to confuse the two . Both men are ranchers in Wyoming , although Walt is from the fictional Absaroka County while Johnson lives in the very real town of Ucross , population 25 . Both have a history in law enforcement : Johnson worked briefly in the field long ago , while Walt is a legendary lawman among crime fiction readers . In reality , Johnson dreamed up Walt Longmire years ago in his first novel , 2004 's "  The Cold Dish . " Eight years and eight best-selling books later , both men are still going strong . Johnson 's newest , "  As the Crow Flies , " debuted on the New York Times bestseller list last week . This time out , Walt and his close friend Henry Standing Bear are drawn into a murder investigation after they see a young Crow woman fall to her death on the Northern Cheyenne reservation . Johnson 's Western crime novels have long been a favorite of critics and fans . Now , they 're about to reach a whole new audience on cable television . A&E has adapted Johnson 's creation into the new series "  Longmire , " premiering Sunday . Currently on a national promotional tour , the author sat down with CNN to talk about his new book , the TV series and life in Wyoming . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : "  Longmire " is about to premiere on TV . How involved have you been with the show ? Johnson : It 's been a real surprise . Generally , what happens is , Hollywood writes you a check and says , "  See you later . " My situation has been a little bit different . I was asked to be an executive creative consultant on the show . I bounced back and forth with the writers on ideas for the show . Then they sent me the first screenplay for the pilot episode . I went through it , and I made something like 57 changes and sent it back to them , and out of the 57 changes , they made 55 of them . So it 's been very hands-on and very responsive . They 've kept me in the loop the whole time . I was on set for three weeks while they were filming the pilot . I was very lucky and have been working with really good people . It 's been an amazing process . CNN : It seems the TV series is bringing you wider exposure and new fans . Johnson : It seems like it with the book sales . The crowds at book signings are larger . For me , it 's all about the exposure for the books . I live in Ucross , Wyoming . I have a little ranch there . That 's where I was when Hollywood found me , and that 's where I 'll be when Hollywood leaves me . To be honest , I do n't have any great want or need to move to L.A. or anything like that . I like my life , and I really love writing the books . If someone had asked me if I would have had as much fun writing the eighth or ninth book in the series as I did the first one , I would n't have thought that was possible , but it is . I 'm having more fun now , because I feel like I 've written enough to think I kind of know what I 'm doing . At least , I hope so . CNN : Walt has changed a great deal over the course of eight books . Have you changed your approach to writing them ? Johnson : One of the things that 's very important to me in the books is the characters have to change . They have to have things happen to them . You ca n't keep them in a stasis and try and write formulaic books . I think some of the best stories I 've ever heard in my life have been when I 've been sitting on a porch sitting in a rocking chair snapping green beans or out on a hunting camp looking over a fire at a guy who starts out , "  let me tell you what happened to me last month . " I really love that old-fashioned style of storytelling . There may have been a time with crime fiction when just writing a whodunnit was enough . A lot of readers come to crime fiction with the same expectations they have for literary fiction . They want fully developed characters , they want an arc of storyline , they want social commentary , they want humor , they want history , and they want to know who did it by the time they get to the end . So that kind of raises the bar up to a level where it makes the books much more worth writing , to be honest with you . If I was just trying to find clever ways of killing people that would get really boring really quick . I 'm lucky to be doing what I 'm doing . CNN : I think one of the things your readers really appreciate is your realistic portrayal of life on the "  rez . " Johnson : My ranch is up on the Wyoming/Montana border at the base of the Bighorn Mountains . Due north is the Northern Cheyenne reservation , slightly to the west is the Crow reservation , down to the southwest we have the Arapaho and the Shoshone , and then due east and a little to the south we 've got the Lakota . So we 're surrounded by these sovereign nations . For me , that 's part of where I live , and to leave that out would be , excuse the term , criminal . I think whenever you 're writing about a place or a people , if it 's something you care deeply about , then the one thing you owe them is honesty . That means you ca n't just sugarcoat it . You have to be as honest as you can about the people , about the place , about everything . Whether it 's the rampant alcoholism or unemployment or educational problems . CNN : Many of your readers believe Walt is real . Some think you and Walt are really the same person . How much do you share in common with your lead character ? Johnson : The best quote about that is from my wife . She says , "  Walt is who Craig would like to be in 10 years , but he 's off to an incredibly slow start . " Walt 's a much better person than I 'll ever be , but he has his faults , too . I tend to refer to Walt as over . He 's overweight , he 's overage , he 's overly depressed , but he still goes out and gets the job done . If there 's one thing I underestimated when I was putting him together , it 's the empathy , the sympathy that people have heaped upon this guy and how much they would care . He 's not perfect . He 's damaged goods . It 's very flattering that people are that concerned about the characters . And it 's true , women give me love notes to give to Walt . I get a lot of veterans and a lot of law enforcement people that give me challenge coins and say , "  if you could pass that on to Walt , I would really appreciate it . " People think this guy 's real . My gosh , I think that 's the highest praise a writer could ever possibly get . Read an excerpt from Johnson 's new novel on his website .	Craig Johnson writes the "  Longmire " novels Sheriff Walt Longmire solves crime mysteries on the Wyoming frontier A television series based on the novels debuts June 3
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Juventus took on Torino in the Turin derby last weekend , and in honor of that we have scoured the world to bring you 10 other local derbies that stir the passions of those involved . At the River Plate and Boca Juniors matches , the atmosphere can swell to boiling point . Do n't agree ? Think we 've left out a more hotly contested derby ? Tell us about one you think should make the top 10 in our Sound Off box , below . 1  CELTIC v RANGERS -- Glasgow , Scotland These two are the bitterest of bitter rivals . Not only are they divided by football , but by religion as well , with Rangers taking their support from the Protestant community and Celtic the Catholic community . The hostility has become so intense that both clubs have asked their fans to stop singing the sectarian songs that had become commonplace on match days . To add fuel to the fire , they are consistently the only two teams who challenge for the Scottish title , with the make-up of the Premier League ensuring they face each other four times in a season , not including cups . Despite both clubs attracting some top foreign stars , the helter-skelter nature of the fixture has not been diluted over time , as confirmed by the number of dismissals over the years . 2  ROMA v LAZIO -- Rome , Italy Undoubtedly the fiercest derby match in Italy , these two rivals really hate each other . Violence in and around the Olympic Stadium between the sets of supporters , and the police , has become an all-too-common occurrence in recent seasons . Both teams hate the perceived arrogance from the Northern cities  Milan , Turin  -- but they loathe each other more . Roma take their support from a traditional working-class fan base , while Lazio 's support tends to come from the wealthier districts . The historical political differences between the fans is another reason for this rivalry . Lazio 's supporters , in general , followed right-wing ideals while the Roma fans leaned more to the left . 3  BOCA JUNIORS v RIVER PLATE -- Buenos Aires , Argentina Although by no means the most "  local " derby in South America  the clubs are about 7km apart  , it is undeniably the most intense . The rivalry , hatred and violence involved are based on social class and money . Both clubs were founded in the poor district of Buenos Aires called La Boca , but River Plate moved to a wealthier area called Nunez in the 1930s , heightening the animosity between the clubs . Boca Juniors ' stadium is known as "  La Bombonera "  The Box of Chocolates  because of its layout . The steep stands and the lack of a running track makes for a particularly intimidating atmosphere . 4  AL AHLY v ZAMALEK -- Cairo , Egypt Arguably Africa 's most passionate derby , this match brings together two of the continent 's most successful clubs . Their rivalry is so strong that foreign referees are always brought in for the derby games and , following a number of violent incidents , matches between the two have been moved to the 75,000 capacity Cairo International Stadium . On the pitch , Al Ahly currently have the upper hand , winning the last four league titles . 5  GALATASARAY v FENERBAHCE -- Istanbul , Turkey The Bosphorus separates the city of Istanbul into a European side and an Asian side . Galatasaray , on the European side , have traditionally been the wealthier of the two clubs , while Fenerbahce , on the Asian side , have a largely working-class following . However , in recent years , Fenerbahce have attracted a number of wealthy fans who have pumped money into the club , thus unbalancing the equilibrium . Nowadays , there is nothing to choose between them on and off the pitch . The last five league titles have alternated between the two clubs and both clubs have won 17 Turkish championships . 6  OLYMPIAKOS v PANATHINAIKOS -- Athens , Greece This is the derby between the two giants of Greek football , although the rivalry between the two also exists in basketball , Greece 's national sport . In the past , Olympiakos , from the port area of Piraeus , used to represent the working class , while Panathinaikos represented the upper-class suburbs of Athens . Nowadays , the situation has evened out . However , on the pitch , Olympiakos are the dominant club , having won 11 of the last 12 league titles , including the last four in a row . 7  RED STAR BELGRADE v PARTIZAN BELGRADE -- Belgrade , Serbia This is a relatively new fixture : both clubs were founded in 1945 , but what they lack in age , they make up for in passion . Partizan was founded as the football section of the central club of the former Yugoslavian Army , while Red Star was founded as the civilians ' club . Red Star , or Crvena Zvezda as they are now known , have traditionally been the more successful , achieving the ultimate of winning the European Cup in 1991 . 8  WYDAD v RAJA -- Casablanca , Morocco These two are the biggest clubs in Morocco and violence between the fans often mars these fixtures . Wydad used to dominate honors , but in recent seasons Raja have enjoyed more success . N.B. Raja means "  hope " and Wydad means "  love , " although there is certainly no love between the rivals when they face each other ! 9  PALMEIRAS v CORINTHIANS -- Sao Paulo , Brazil Another derby that has been going for nearly 100 years . Corinthians used to be the only club in the city , but a group of Italian members broke away to form Palmeiras , earning the nickname of the "  betrayers " by Corinthians fans . Morumbi is the biggest stadium in Sao Paulo and all the derbies are played there , although the Pacaembu stadium , which hosts many Corinthians matches , is also used for the occasion . 10  PENAROL v NACIONAL -- Montevideo , Uruguay One of the oldest derby matches in the world , with both clubs being formed in the 1890s . The two most honored clubs in Uruguay , they share a remarkable 85 Uruguayan league titles and eight Copa Libertadores championships between them . The derby is always played in the Centenario Stadium , with a capacity of almost 74,000 , although Nacional also have their own ground in a different neighborhood of the city . Who are your fiercest rivals ? Do fiery derbies hurt or hinder football ? What is your favorite local match ? Tell us your opinions in the Sound Off box below .	Last weekend Juventus and Torino faced off in the Turin derby The derby between Rangers and Celtic in Glasgow is bitterly contested When Al Ahly face Zamalek , foreign referees have to be brought in Despite distance between River Plate and Boca 's grounds , animosity is high
CNN  -- It is a boarding pass unlike any other . It 's a memory of a day that nearly was his last on earth . US Airways passenger Barry Leonard now has the other half of his boarding pass from the fateful flight . When a FedEx package arrived at Barry Leonard 's home recently , he had no idea it contained items from his flight that ended up in the Hudson River . Leonard was seated at the front of US Airways Flight 1549 , and when pilot Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger amazingly landed the plane in the river , Leonard left everything he had behind and dove into the frigid water . He thought all he had left from that January day were the clothes he had on , including a pair of jeans he still wears . But recently the package with most of his left-behind belongings showed up at his Charlotte , North Carolina , home . "  Everything from the Wall Street Journal of that day to my W-2 form that I did n't even realize was in this package , " he says . "  You know my briefcase that I 'd had for decades , it was all of those things . " Watch as Leonard brings out the items recovered from the water " As he showed CNN the contents he discovered another item -- a memorable slip of paper . "  This is actually the other part of my boarding pass from January 15 . As you can see here January 15 , flight 1549 and my seat number 1C , " he says . To help return personal items to its passengers , US Airways hired Global-BMS , a Texas-based company that recovers and restores items from large disasters . Global-BMS sorted through nearly 30,000 items from the flight , cleaning them in a slow , tedious process that often involved freeze-drying items to preserve them while they waited to be processed . "  Passengers ' emotional ties to their possessions because of a traumatic incident like this , it 's highly emotional . So we just want to make it available , " Mark Rocco , a senior vice president of Global-BMS , tells CNN . Some of the items that were returned to the 150 travelers were unusable after being submerged , especially electronic items like headphones and music players . But for a lot of folks , personal effects show a little damage but are still good . Vicki Barnhardt tried on her running shoes , and though they were a little tight at first , she wears them now when she goes jogging in Huntersville , North Carolina . She tells CNN that she evacuated the plane only with her cellphone , leaving behind her purse , her wallet , driver 's license , some flash drives and other items . She got most of her possessions from the plane back -- a coat , a pair of gloves and her cash are still missing -- and the items in the boxes seem in pretty good shape . The flash drives still work , though you can see some "  corrosion " on them . She also got back a three-ring binder , and all her notes are still readable . Maryann Bruce found her diamonds in the parcel that was returned to her in Cornelius , North Carolina . It brought back memories of the landing in the river and made her thankful to be alive . "  I just focused on wow , you know , I got all this stuff back , " she says . "  I ca n't believe I got all this stuff back , and I 'm here to get the stuff back , versus the alternative where they would 've been giving it to my loved ones . I did n't relive the anguish ; I relived the ` Wow , I 'm here to get it . ' "	US Airways Flight 1549 landed in the Hudson River on January 15 Passengers scrambled to save their lives , leaving behind personal belongings Texas company has recovered , restored and returned most of the 30,000 items Some items , like one woman 's four flash drives , are still in good shape
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Global markets were reeling Monday after a historic day on Wall Street that saw two famous names become the latest victims of the credit crunch . The leading U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy and brokerage Merrill Lynch was the subject of a $ 50 billion buyout by Bank of America . The fate of other big name financial institutions remained in doubt and stock prices plunged in Asia , Europe and the United States . In New York , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 504 points down , or about 4.4 percent . The Nasdaq composite lost 3.6 percent , its worst single-session percentage decline since March 24 , 2003 . It left the tech-fueled average at its lowest point since March 17 of this year . In Europe , FTSE index in London declined 3.92 percent while the Paris CAC 40 was down 3.78 percent . It was the worst day for the index since the 9/11 terror attacks in 2001 . Major Asian indexes were closed but India 's Sensex fell 5.4 percent , Taiwan 's benchmark dropped 4.1 , Australia 's key index dropped 2 percent and Singapore fell 2.9 . Check markets The turmoil at Merrill Lynch and Lehman is bound to mean job losses in the already hard-hit financial services industry , but so far neither company has indicated how many will be cut . "  This crisis is clearly deeper than anybody had imagined only a short time ago , " Peter Stein , an associate editor at the Wall Street Journal in Asia , told CNN . The chaos followed a roller-coaster weekend for a Wall Street already concussed by woes at other major financial firms and mortgage-financing titans Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . Sound off : What do you think ? At one point the U.S. Federal Reserve was forced to step in , announcing plans to loosen lending restrictions to the banking industry in an effort to calm markets , while a consortium of 10 leading domestic and foreign banks agreed a $ 70 billion fund to lend to troubled financial firms . U.S. President George W. Bush said Monday he is confident that the markets are resilient and can deal with the latest financial blows . "  We are working to reduce disruptions and minimize the impact these financial market developments on the broader economy . " Watch what went wrong " He added : "  In the short run , adjustments in the financial markets can be painful for people worried about their investments and for employees of the firms . " U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama said eight years of Bush "  brought us the most serious financial crisis since the Great Depression . " His Republican rival said John McCain said he was happy the federal government decided not to use taxpayer dollars to bail out Lehman Brothers . In an effort to calm market jitters , the European Central Bank on Monday said it has pumped $ 42.6 billion into money markets . The Bank of England in London also took steps , offering nearly $ 9 billion in a three-day auction . In another development , American International Group , the world 's largest insurer , was reportedly struggling to secure billions of dollars in capital after months of seeing its share values slide . Police cordoned off Lehman 's headquarters in New York on Sunday as staff , some in suits , others in casual clothes , left the building with cardboard boxes while tourists and onlookers gathered to watch the spectacle . The 158-year-old bank , which has weathered previous financial upheavals and saw its offices destroyed in the September 11 World Trade Center attacks , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy , which grants protection while it works out a plan to pay back creditors . The collapse of Lehman came after shares declined 94 percent in the space of a year , prompting speculation over its fate . It took a turn for the worse Sunday when Bank of America and British bank Barclays , both viewed as potential "  white knights , " pulled out of deal talks , sources told CNNMoney.com . Both Lehmans and Merrill have been caught with huge exposures to unsecured mortgages , the bad debts at the heart of the so-called credit crunch that has devalued the U.S. housing market and sent financial shockwaves worldwide . Analysis : Different rules for different names " Lehman 's collapse and the sale of Merrill reduces the number of independent firms on Wall Street to two -- Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs -- following the sale of Bear Stearns to JP Morgan at a bargain price earlier this year . "  Acquiring one of the premier wealth management , capital markets and advisory companies is a great opportunity for our shareholders , " Bank of American Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ken Lewis said in a statement Monday . "  Together our companies are more valuable because of the synergies in our businesses . " Like Lehman , Merrill Lynch has been suffering from bad real estate bets , and its stock price lost 27 percent last week -- shares are down 65 percent this year . Watch why Bank of America thinks Merrill is the opportunity of a lifetime " Merrill , known for with its famous bull logo , has been an icon of Wall Street and investing . But billions of dollars in losses in the last year due to fallout in the U.S. mortgage market proved too much for the 94-year old firm . David Ellis of CNNMoney.com contributed to this report	U.S. investment banking giant Lehman Brothers to file for bankruptcy Merrill Lynch agrees to be taken over by Bank of America Job losses certain but numbers not yet known NEW : Dow Jones suffered worst day since 9/11 ; Asia , Europe markets tumbled
CNN  -- With her glamorous looks and exceptional talent , Nigerian movie star Genevieve Nnaji is one of Africa 's most successful actresses . The screen diva -- dubbed the Julia Roberts of Africa -- has starred in dozens of films , enchanting millions of movie fans across the continent . The 31-year-old actress is considered to be a poster girl for Nollywood , the booming Nigerian movie industry , which according to UNESCO , is the world 's second-largest film producer after India 's Bollywood . Nnaji has been performing in front of the camera from the age of 8 . She is now one of Africa 's most instantly recognizable faces and has won several accolades , including the 2005 African Academy Movie Award for Best Actress . CNN 's Pedro Pinto caught up with Nnaji before her latest movie premiere in London to discuss fame and her passion for Nigeria . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : Do you see yourself as an ambassador for your country ? Genevieve Nnaji : As long as you are a celebrity and in the public eye , you are an ambassador because you are the person they see -- they ca n't see the whole continent , they ca n't see the whole country . CNN : How would you describe Nigeria to people who 've never been there ? GN : Nigeria is a unique and a peculiar country , and as the people , we are too . CNN : Why peculiar ? GN : Because everything , every aspect of human nature is in every Nigerian -- the good , the bad , the ugly , it 's just like another New York . Nigeria is fun , to be honest . But when ... all we have people talking about when it comes to Nigeria is crime and fraud and things ... that 's just a very very minute number of people . Nigerians on the whole are very confident people . I believe we are confident , I believe we are very resourceful and we are very hospitable when it comes to visitors in the country . CNN : When you look at your country , what are some of the things that you love about it ? GN : I like that as Nigerians we have some sort of neighborly love that we do n't understand . We have a way of coming to the rescue of complete strangers . We do have that bond and I think it has to do with our background and how we are raised ... I would never live anywhere else to be honest , no . CNN : Really ? GN : No , I grew up in Lagos , I was born and bred there and I do n't see myself leaving that town any time soon . I can work anywhere else but in terms of living , I 'm used to Lagos . CNN : How does it make you feel when people are screaming your name constantly ? GN : You never get completely used to it , like the last time I was here for the other premiere -- "  Bursting Out " -- it was pretty overwhelming . I just thought , is this my life , all these people actually loving and appreciating me for who I am ? It 's very humbling to be honest , I must say I 'm blessed . CNN : When did you realize that maybe this could be your future , this could be your career ? GN : I do n't think I ever realized that , for a long time I kept thinking , OK , this is just temporary , definitely I 'm going to go back to school and read law , English or something that I wanted to do . So I never fully accepted acting as my profession . I do n't think I saw myself there but somehow ... here we are , I am an actor . CNN : Do you ever get the feeling when you wake up in the morning one day that you wish you were n't famous ? GN : Oh yes , I do n't even need to wake up , just sitting down sometimes I 'm like , God , sometimes I hate my life . But I ca n't complain . CNN : You have been referred to as the African Julia Roberts . When you hear that , what do you feel ? GN : Thanks to Oprah  Winfrey  , it 's very , very flattering , I mean not just because I 'm compared to  Roberts  but because of who compared me to her . So it 's an honor to be honest but I think it 's probably the vein we have on the forehead , I think that 's what we have in common . CNN : What do you wish for your future , where do you see yourself ? GN : I want to be further challenged in my career , I do n't think I have reached my peak necessarily so I hope for other opportunities , greater opportunities to express myself . Mostly because there is still something inside of me that I just feel I have n't let out and it 's really trying to come out and trying to burst loose so I 'm hoping for that opportunity ... I just want that story , that story that challenges me even further .	Nigerian actress Genevieve Nnaji is one of Africa 's most recognizable faces She 's been called the Julia Roberts of Africa The Nollywood star says Nigeria is "  just like another New York " Nnaji says she would n't live anywhere but Lagos
CNN  -- With the carnage in Syria mounting out of control , there 's only one thing left to do , France says : Lift a European Union embargo and start arming rebels . "  We must convince our partners , particularly in Europe , that we have no other choice but lift the arms embargo in favor of the  opposition  Syrian Coalition , " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius wrote in an op-ed for the French newspaper Liberation . "  We must go ahead and allow the Syrian people to defend themselves against this bloodthirsty regime . It 's our responsibility to help the Syrian National Coalition , its leaders and the  rebel  Free Syrian Army by all the possible means . "  If not , " Fabius warned , "  the slaughter will continue , and there will not be any other possible outcome but to strengthen the most extreme groups and the collapse of Syria with devastating consequences for the country itself and the region . " The cost of war : 2 million Syrian children afflicted The UK also hints of change France is n't alone . British Foreign Secretary William Hague has hinted that he wants to arm Syrian rebels who are demanding President Bashar al-Assad 's ouster . This week , British Prime Minister David Cameron said the UK could make its own foreign policy on supplying rebels . "  We might have to do things in our own way , " he told lawmakers Tuesday . But Cameron stressed that the UK has not yet decided to circumvent the EU 's arms embargo . "  I hope that we do not have to break from a collaborative approach across the European Union , " he said . However , "  if we thought it was the right thing to do , we would do it . " In February , the European Union renewed its arms embargo on Syria for three months but amended it to allow greater nonlethal support and technical assistance to help protect civilians . The embargo is set to expire in May . Member countries could renew it , add amendments or veto it . U.N. Security Council concerned about Lebanon In a united declaration , the U.N. Security Council on Thursday voiced "  grave concern over repeated incidents of cross-border fire which caused death and injury among the Lebanese population , incursions , abductions and arms trafficking across the Lebanese-Syrian border , as well as other border violations . " Members of the council -- which this month is being led by Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin -- "  expressed also their deep concern at the impact of the Syrian crisis on Lebanon 's stability . " The declaration followed a briefing by officials on how the conflict in Syria has spilled into Lebanon . Besides hosting a flood of refugees -- out of the 1 million total who have moved out of Syria over the past two years , according to the U.N. refugee agency -- Lebanon has seen sporadic violence tied to the unrest . Report finds abuses by both sides Syrian government forces continue to bomb civilians indiscriminately , while rebels increasingly resort to kidnapping and summary executions , Amnesty International said in a report . "  While the vast majority of war crimes and other gross violations continue to be committed by government forces , our research also points to an escalation in abuses by armed opposition groups , " said Ann Harrison , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa Program . The human rights organization found that in addition to bombings , government forces continue to torture and kill detainees . One researcher for the group found nine cluster bombs -- an internationally banned weapon -- in a housing estate , the report states . The unexploded bomblets are a danger to residents , especially children who might pick them up , Amnesty says . "  The Amnesty report confirms what the  opposition  has been reporting for the past two years : the Assad regime targets civilians , especially children , " said Rafif Jouejati , a spokesman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria , or LCC . However , the report also accused the opposition of hostage taking , torture and the executions of soldiers and others it has captured . Jouejati admits there have been abuses but said no one can suggest "  by any stretch of the imagination that those abuses can be compared in scope , range , or deadliness to the regime 's indiscriminate use of Scud missiles , cluster bombs , barrel bombs , and napalm . " More concern about refugees Meanwhile , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees has called for donor nations to step up funding to help refugees fleeing Syria . Antonio Guterres warned of serious repercussions if funding is not ramped up . "  This is not just any crisis . It requires a special mechanism of support , " he said after meeting with Jordanian officials Wednesday . Normal humanitarian aid budgets are simply not enough , he said , and if more money does not pour in , "  the consequences could be devastating for the Syrian people and for regional stability , " he said . The death toll mounts For all the talk , for all the concern , there 's little evident change in the situation on the ground in Syria : more violence and more death . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists , documented 132 new deaths on Thursday , among them 13 children and six women . That tally includes 35 killed in what the LCC called a "  massacre committed by the regime 's army " in Hasakeh in northeast Syria . The group also reported at least 37 deaths in and around Damascus and 18 in Daraa province . The state-run Syrian Arab News Service reported that government troops "  chased members of terrorist groups " -- its description of rebel fighters -- in one Damascus countryside community while launching "  two qualitative operations " in other communities around the Syrian capital . SANA reported on developments in many locales elsewhere around the country , indicating government troops success in inflicting casualties and destroying enemy arms and equipment . CNN can not independently verify death tolls or other accounts of violence in Syria . Last month , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said about 70,000 people had been killed in the conflict . CNN 's Alexander Felton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	An opposition group reports 132 new deaths around Syria A report says abuses continue , mostly by government , but by rebels , too French foreign minister : The rebels must have the ability to defend themselves Britain 's foreign secretary has also alluded to wanting to arm rebels
Washington  CNN  -- As President Obama announced the first national HIV/AIDS strategy earlier this week , outside the gates of the White House , 3 percent of the District of Columbia 's population continues to live with the disease . HIV/AIDS rates in the district are "  on par with Uganda and some parts of Kenya " where the disease has raged for years , says Shannon Hader , Washington 's former HIV/AIDS administration director . Three percent of Washingtonians live with HIV/AIDS , according to a study released by the district in 2009 . The accepted threshold for a "  generalized and severe epidemic , " according to the study , is 1 percent . Flanked by national health care administrators and community activists , Obama said his national strategy is to increase prevention and improve treatment while reducing disparities among groups hardest-hit by the disease . In Washington , that 's the African-American community , according to activists . "  In Washington , D.C. there 's a huge disparity through race . The African-American community bears a huge burden of HIV in D.C. -- way above and beyond the proportions of the demographics of the D.C. area , " says Justin Goforth , who works with the Whitman-Walker Clinic , a health center specializing in HIV/AIDS care . And it 's estimated that a third to half of Washington residents living with the disease do n't know it , Goforth said . Part of the problem is the stigma in the African-American community related to the disease , he said . Guy Jenkins was 17 when he was infected with the virus that causes AIDS . Now 28 , the gay African-American man has become an advocate within his community , speaking to groups whenever possible . But he believes the best way to reach his peers is through faith-based organizations , to stop the stigma related to testing and having the disease . "  It 's a religious thing , mainly a lot of the churches do n't tend to back it -LSB- HIV/AIDS testing and education -RSB- and because they do n't back it and -LSB- the church -RSB- is the backbone of the black community , we find ourselves hiding behind doors . " "  We do n't tend to take to homosexuality or HIV/AIDS very well , " Jenkins says . "  It 's always a tendency to put the blame on someone else . ... We tend to say it 's another person , they did n't tell us , they did n't let us know what was going on . It does stand true to this day . " It 's something Jenkins knows first-hand . "  For me , it took a long time to get over the stigma , get out of the closet , to stop hiding behind my status . " Goforth also believes faith-based initiatives would be helpful . His organization has worked to identify area churches where regular testing and counseling could occur . He says the effort has yielded some positive results . "  I think in the last three or four years in this community , we slowed the freight train down and we now are looking to turn that freight train around . " Both men are hopeful that more federal dollars might help . "  Money makes the world go round , " Jenkins said . But more important , they agree the money must be carefully targeted to the communities hardest hit . "  Federal dollars need to pour to those communities , to do education , to do outreach , to do testing campaigns , and to aggressively link those people to care . It really is to get people to medical care and to treatment , " Goforth said . Obama told the crowd assembled at the White House , "  We 're here because we believe that while HIV transmission rates in this country are not as high as they once were , every new case is one case too many . " For Goforth , who tested HIV positive 18 years ago , the daily battle to reduce infections is more than just a job . "  I have a very personal stake in my career , " he says . "  I sometimes say , I come to work to save myself every day . "	3 percent of D.C. residents live with HIV/AIDS , according to study released in 2009 Experts estimate a third to half of D.C. residents with the disease do n't know Rates in D.C. African-American community disproportionately higher , says expert
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Scott Charles walks briskly across a hospital lobby toward a group of high school students waiting to meet him . "  Welcome , " he said , panning their faces , "  I work with gunshot patients . How many of you know somebody who 's been shot ? " Hands spring up into the air from roughly half of the more than 20 students . Without flinching , Charles continues his introduction . "  What we 're going to do today is take you behind the scenes , pull back the curtain and let you see what we do in treating gunshot patients , " he said . It 's all part of the Cradle To Grave program that Charles helped create to reduce violence in what is supposed to be the City of Brotherly Love . Inside Temple University Hospital 's trauma center , these high school students will relive the final minutes of life of a teenager who was killed by gun violence . Among America 's largest cities , Philadelphia 's homicide rate is the worst . Guns are the weapons of choice , with more than 80 % of homicides committed with a firearm , according to the most recent police statistics . African-Americans make up 85 % of the victims "  Statistics suggest that as a young , black man , you have a greater chance of being shot and killed in Philadelphia than you would have if you were a soldier serving in the conflicts in Afghanistan or Iraq , " Charles said . "  That 's absurd to me . " Despite the daily gun violence plaguing American cities like Philadelphia , Chicago or New Orleans , it 's the mass shootings at a school or a theater or a public event -- like the tragedies in Newtown , Aurora and Tucson -- that trigger outrage and a serious , nationwide discussion on gun violence . "  The tragedy of the parents is n't greater in Newtown than that of a parent of someone who was shot elsewhere , " Charles said , expressing sadness for the lives lost in the school shooting . "  At the end of the day , their kids are n't coming home , and there 's no way to compare that anguish . "  Newtown has made us stare the  gun  issue in the face and ask ourselves if this is the price we 're willing to pay . " Despite emotions , little happens legislatively after mass shootings ` White noise ' Standing with students in a hallway leading to the hospital 's trauma bays and holding an iPad , Charles tells the story of 16-year-old Lamont Adams , who was shot 24 times . "  That young boy stood over Lamont and fired 10 more shots into him , " he said , the sound of gunshots playing in the background . A few students gasp , while others stand stoically with hard-to-read expressions , as Charles leads them into the trauma bay . One by one , he places 24 red stickers on the body of a student volunteer lying on a gurney . "  He had a bullet wound here ... Lamont had a bullet wound right here ... Lamont had a bullet wound right here , " Charles says , as he places each sticker on the student . Across the United States , more than 5,700 children and teens were killed by guns in 2008 and 2009 -- a number that would fill more than 200 public school classrooms -- according to data compiled by The Children 's Defense Fund . That number includes 173 preschoolers , nearly double the number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty during the same time . Responding to last month 's Connecticut school shooting , President Obama created a task force led by Vice President Joe Biden charged with developing "  concrete proposals " for dealing with gun violence no later than January . Obama exploring executive orders to combat gun violence Among those serving on the vice president 's task force is Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey , whose city had a bloody start to the New Year with five homicides in the first 48 hours . Philadelphia has seen a slow uptick in its homicide rate . Last year , 331 people were the victims of homicides , up from 324 in 2011 and 306 the year before that . But last year 's toll marks a 15 % drop compared to 2007 , when the city earned the nickname "  Kill-adelphia " after suffering more than one murder a day . The fact that most of those killed in Philadelphia are victims of gun violence is emblematic of a national trend : Federal data for 2011 shows that more than 67 % of all homicides in the United States were carried out with a gun . So where 's the nation 's outrage ? Daily , inner-city gun violence has become "  white noise , " said Chuck Williams , founding director of Center for the Prevention of School-Aged Violence at Drexel University . "  At this point it 's like , ` Oh , another six people got shot and killed over a week in a poor black community . Business as usual , ' " he said , shrugging his shoulders . "  So America says , if the urban communities do n't care enough about it , then why should we ? " Williams hopes that will change in the wake of the mass shooting in Newtown , Connecticut . "  If this  Newtown  is not enough for all of us to come together and say that something needs to be done , I do n't know what is , " he said . "  Our kids are dying and they 're leaving us way too soon , and we have the power to do something about that if we so choose . " A look at U.S. gun laws ' I hurt the same way ' Eddie Bocanegra , born and raised in the rough and tumble section of Little Village on the southwest side of Chicago , is no stranger to gun violence . Bocanegra , who spent 14 years in prison for murder , is now on a mission to save lives . He is featured in the documentary "  The Interrupters , " which follows the lives of three community activists fighting to interrupt the fervent violence in Chicago . The shooting in Newtown spurred the nation to respond , from prayer vigils and donations to around-the-clock news coverage of the event . Although moving , the reaction was also sobering , Bocanegra said . "  A kid growing up in the ` hood has different expectations than a kid growing up in Newtown , " said Bocanegra , who works with ex-offenders at the faith-based nonprofit Community Renewal Society in Chicago . "  We have worldwide attention on this tragic event in Connecticut , but it shows us how we value life , and it 's a shame murder is n't treated the same across the board . " "  I hurt the same way you hurt . Murder should n't occur , and I say that as someone who took a life , " Bocanegra said . "  All lives are precious , and one is not worth more than the other . " Every single day in the United States , 13 young people between the ages of 10 and 24 are the victims of homicide , according to federal data . More than 80 % are killed with a firearm . In Philadelphia , the majority of homicide victims are African-Americans between the ages of 15 and 24 . "  Every time there is a loss of life , we have to remind ourselves that these are often children . And we have to ask ourselves where have we failed to protect this child ? " said John Rich , director of the Center for Nonviolence and Social Justice at Drexel University . The indifference toward urban slayings often comes down to "  victim blaming , " said Rich , author of "  Wrong Place , Wrong Time : Trauma and Violence in the Lives of Young Black Men . " "  We 're using shorthand and stereotypes to draw a conclusion , " Rich said . "  There 's something undeniably different when we have this scale of horrible in Connecticut . And there 's something undeniably horrible about a killing a day . " Trauma , poverty and unsafe neighborhoods must be included in the gun control debate , said Ted Corbin , co-director at the Center for Nonviolence and Social Justice . Both Rich and Corbin want to explain the cycle of violence , not excuse it . As an emergency room physician , Corbin said he regularly sees the carnage of gun violence , and added that it 's not enough to "  treat them and street them . " "  Hurt people hurt people , " Corbin said matter-of-factly . "  It really is what 's perceived by society as what 's deserving . A veteran who has served our country deserves services , but the empathy is not there for young people who are chronically exposed to adversity . " "  The assumption is that they 're bad kids ,  without  giving society any responsibility , " he said . Back at Temple University Hospital , the students head from the trauma bay to a classroom for a discussion before they visit the hospital 's morgue , Lamont 's last stop . More than 7,000 students have come through the Cradle To Grave program . Amy Goldberg , the hospital 's chief trauma surgeon and a co-founder of the program , said she and Charles are committed because the cost of violence is too high . "  I really think it 's our responsibility to prevent these kids from coming in . So as much as I may get frustrated on any evening , it really ca n't stop us , " Goldberg said . "  We really want to teach them the preciousness of life , that in an instant your life can be changed forever . "	Philadelphia has the worst homicide rates among large U.S. cities More than 80 % of homicides there are committed with a firearm Yet it takes a mass shooting to trigger attention to gun violence Indifference toward urban slayings comes down to "  victim blaming , " says one author
CNN  -- Tired of staying in anonymous corporate hotels ? Maybe you should try one of the gorgeous lodgings named by Wallpaper * as its best business hotels of 2012 . A panel of well-traveled creatives picked the hotels from a shortlist . Highlights include New York 's NoMad , which houses a two-floor library that turns into a cocktail bar , and the Fasano Boa Vista , in Brazil -- a resort that has natural forest and lakes in its vast grounds . More from Wallpaper * : The new breed of designer hostels But this year 's best business hotel is the Georges , a tiny boutique establishment in Istanbul 's Galata district , which offers its pampered guests a private butler . Who says you should n't mix business with pleasure ? For more on travel , visit wallpaper.com .  2012 wallpaper.com . All rights reserved .	Wallpaper * has picked its best business hotels of 2012 The winner is the Georges , a tiny boutique hotel in Istanbul Other highlights include New York 's Nomad and Fasano Boa Vista , in Brazil
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The two top executives at struggling Countrywide Financial Corp. , the nation 's largest mortgage lender , are slated to receive a combined $ 19 million in payouts , a regulatory filing shows . Angelo Mozilo helped lead Countrywide as it grew into the nation 's largest mortgage lender . The payments are part of the company 's pending takeover by Bank of America . Countrywide CEO Angelo Mozilo is set to receive $ 10 million in stock , and President David Sambol will get about $ 9 million , according to documents Bank of America filed this week with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Sambol will receive another $ 28 million in cash and stock to stay with the combined company , the document states . Their compensation is tied directly to the performance of the company via stock and options that the executives have held over time , according to the filing . Bank of America agreed in January to buy Countrywide for $ 4 billion . Mozilo and Sambol , along with ex-Citigroup chief Charles Prince , came under fire this month by members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , who chastised the executives for helping foster the current mortgage crisis . Lawmakers accused the executives of leaving homeowners at risk of losing their homes while fattening their own wallets . In their defense , the executives said they also lost billions of dollars in the subprime meltdown . Mozilo , Sambol and Prince made headlines in the past year for their lofty compensation after their companies suffered heavy losses in the U.S. housing market . Between 2002 and the close of 2006 , the three executives were paid $ 460 million , according to a report issued by the House committee in March . Mozilo , who grew Countrywide from its modest beginnings into the nation 's largest mortgage lender , reportedly stood to collect a windfall of $ 115 million after his firm agreed to a yet-to-be-completed sale to Bank of America . After facing heavy criticism from lawmakers , Mozilo forfeited $ 37.5 million in payments tied to the deal . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Amy Sahba contributed to this report .	Countrywide CEO Angelo Mozilo is set to receive $ 10 million Countrywide President David Sambol will get about $ 9 million Bank of America agreed in January to buy the struggling mortgage lender Lawmakers have chastised the executives for helping foster the mortgage crisis
CNN  -- A statue resembling the goddess Athena and jewelry bearing images from Greco-Roman mythology may not be objects you 'd expect to see in a museum exhibit of Buddhist art from Pakistan . Their presence among carvings of Buddha and Indian deities is meant to serve as a reminder of Pakistan 's oft-forgotten multicultural roots , which form the basis of a new exhibit , "  The Buddhist Heritage of Pakistan : Art of Gandhara . " The show , which runs until October 30 at New York 's Asia Society , is the first to bring works of Gandharan art to the United States since 1960 . The pieces , on loan from museums in Karachi and Lahore , highlight Pakistan 's history as a crossroads of cultural influences , despite present-day associations of the country as an incubator of religious extremism , museum director Melissa Chiu said . "  When we think of Pakistan , Americans might associate it with the place where Osama bin Laden was captured , with terrorism and natural disasters , " she said . "  But actually , it has a much longer history that dates back to an ancient culture that gives us a sense of a pluralistic tradition that was all about tolerance . " At its height , Gandhara encompassed present-day Peshawar in northwest Pakistan and parts of eastern Afghanistan , the Hindu Kush , and northwest India , making it a major center of trade , commerce and the development of arts and education . Pakistan may be 95 % Muslim today , but Buddhism flourished in Gandhara between the 2nd century B.C. and 10th century A.D. , giving rise to a distinct style of Buddhist visual art . The statue of Athena and a gold carving of Aphrodite in the exhibit demonstrate the early influence of Greco-Roman culture in the region , which began with its conquest by Alexander the Great . Themes from classical Roman art persisted in Gandharan art even as Buddhism began to flourish in the first century A.D. , fostered by Silk Road trade and cross-cultural connections from the Mediterranean to China . Depictions of the Buddha and the concept of bodhisattvas , or "  enlightened beings , " became the main icons of Gandharan art . A section of the exhibition , "  Buddhas and Bodhisattvas , " explores the diverse visual imagery of Buddha and bodhisattvas in Gandhara and how it relates to the multifaceted nature of Buddhism in the region . A carving of a standing Bodhisattva bears drapery and folds reminiscent of what you might find in classical art ; another flaunts a chiseled torso reminiscent of , well , a Greek god , Chiu said . "  A number of sculptures show us the narrative of the life of Buddha , where we see Buddha represented as person , in symbols , footprint , but it 's his representation in human form that went on to influence art that went to China , Japan , Korea , other parts of Asia , " she said . Getting the pieces to the United States is a tale of bureaucracy in true form two years in the making , but the initiative never suffered from a lack of desire , Chiu said . As an international team begins rebuilding two massive Buddha statues in Afghanistan destroyed by the Taliban in 2001 , the exhibit also demonstrates Pakistan 's dedication to preserving its multicultural heritage , Pakistan 's representative to the United Nations said . With Buddha at its thematic core , the exhibit also highlights lessons of tolerance and humanity of enduring relevance , especially in a time when relations between the U.S. and Pakistan are not at their best , UN Amabassador Abdullah Hussain Haroon said . "  Buddha represents a human being whose ethereal qualities were so magnified by his enormous wisdom that his values of himself , which were espoused by Gandhi and so many others , became his contributions to mankind , " said Haroon , who was instrumental in helping secure the works on loan from the National Museum in Karachi and the Lahore Museum in Lahore . "  This was one of the great periods of the world of fundamental equity , of human rights and so many other important principles , which are important to Pakistan and the United States today , " he said . "  We 're constantly going to strive for a better understanding of each other and a better relationship , and despite what 's happening between the U.S. and Pakistan , there are very strong grounds for us to coexist in peaceful fashion . "	"  The Buddhist Heritage of Pakistan : Art of Gandhara " opens at Asia Society in N.Y. Statues of Greco-Roman idols featuerd alongside images of Buddha , Indian deities Pieces took more than two years to secure on loan from museums in Karachi and Lahore Exhibit shows Pakistan 's dedication to preserving multicultural heritage , UN ambassador says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama has invited congressional leaders from both parties to join him in a meeting to discuss what to do in the waning days of the current Congress , vowing Thursday that it will "  not be just a photo-op . " "  I want us to talk substantively about how to move the American people 's agenda forward , " Obama said . The meeting is set for November 18 , Obama said , following elections Tuesday in which his Democratic Party lost control of the House of Representatives and saw its Senate majority reduced . Current members of Congress keep their jobs until the end of the year in what 's known as the "  lame-duck " session . Obama said he wants the meeting to discuss the future of the Bush-era tax cuts that are scheduled to expire at the end of the year . Republicans and Democrats disagree about how to extend them . The president calls for extending the lower tax rates for income up to $ 200,000 a year for individuals or $ 250,000 a year for families . Income above those levels would be taxed at rates from the 1990s , before the tax cuts were enacted in 2001 and 2003 . Most Republicans oppose letting anyone 's tax rates go up , including the 2 percent of the population that earns income greater than the thresholds proposed by Obama . "  We have to act in order to assure that middle-class families do n't see a big tax spike because of how the Bush tax cuts have been structured , " Obama said . "  It is very important that we extend those middle-class tax cuts . " The president said businesses also needed "  certainty " about the future concerning tax rates . Republicans argue that the income levels in Obama 's proposal would hit too many small business owners and harm job creation . Potential compromises under discussion would raise the income level for the tax cut extensions to $ 1 million , or temporarily extend all the tax cuts with time limits for higher income levels . Obama conceded Wednesday that his party had taken a "  shellacking " from the voters the day before , and the Republican leader in the Senate has signaled that he wants to roll back what Obama 's administration and the Democratic-controlled Congress have done instead of working with them to seek compromises on major issues . "  For the past two years , Democrat lawmakers chose to ignore the American people , so on Tuesday the American people chose new lawmakers , " Sen. Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in a speech Thursday to the Heritage Foundation . "  The White House has a choice : They can change course , or they can double down on a vision of government that the American people have roundly rejected , " McConnell said . In response , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday that any consensus reached in talks between Obama the congressional Republicans would not give everyone what they wanted . Gibbs also said he expected the November 18 meeting to be just the start of discussions , saying : "  I anticipate that this is the first of many . " Obama used his brief statement after a Cabinet meeting to highlight his legislative priorities . He urged the upcoming lame-duck Congress to approve an arms control agreement with Russia , saying it is neither a Republican nor a Democratic issue . The Senate must approve international treaties for them to take effect . "  We have negotiated with the Russians significant reductions in our nuclear arms " in the new START treaty , Obama said . That has given the United States leverage in seeking increased pressure against Iran 's controversial nuclear program , Obama argued , because "  people have seen that we are serious about taking our responsibilities when it comes to non-proliferation . " Obama is also planning to meet newly elected governors from both parties , he said . He 's invited them to the White House on December 2 . The meeting will be a "  terrific opportunity to hear from them ... about what they 're seeing , what ideas they think Washington needs to be paying attention to , " Obama said . "  They 've got very practical problems that they 've got to solve , " he said , praising their "  common-sense approach that the American people are looking for right now . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : White House spokesman says he expects multiple meetings to occur Obama wants the Senate to approve an arms control treaty with Russia He 'll meet leaders of the outgoing Congress in two weeks , he says The Bush tax cuts will be on the agenda
CNN  -- Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier fought long for the day they could exchange wedding vows with no judicial cloud on the horizon . That day came Friday , when they stood before California Attorney General Kamala Harris on an interior balcony in the San Francisco City Hall rotunda . "  They have waited , hoped and fought for this moment . Today , their wait is finally over , " Harris told observers . Harris began marrying same-sex couples two days after a landmark U.S. Supreme Court ruling cleared the way for the marriages . Perry and Stier were plaintiffs in the lawsuit before the nation 's highest court . The lesbian couple has been together since 1997 . Stier held a bouquet of white roses during the ceremony . Perry wore a pants suit ; Stier a dress with heels . One spectator , a man , wore a rainbow-colored vest with a hat resembling a wedding cake . The ring bearer was Elliot Perry , 18 , one of the couple 's twin sons who just graduated from high school and will be attending college . Harris presided over the exchange of vows , with the couple , spectators and media gathered on the balcony . Harris : "  Do you , Kris , take Sandy to be your lawfully wedded wife ... " Stier : "  I do . " Harris : "  Do you , Sandy , take Kris to be your lawfully wedded wife ... " Perry : "  I do . " Harris : "  You may now present the ring . " Perry and Stier exchanged rings and vows . The attorney general then stated that by the power and authority invested in her by the state of California , "  I now declare you spouses for life . " The spouses kissed . Cheers echoed in the rotunda . Perry began to cry . Their son , in a suit , stood between them , posing for the cameras on the balcony . Each newlywed kissed him on a cheek . Process begins to allow federal benefits for same-sex spouses "  Thank you so much for coming to our wedding , " Stier said afterward . "  We waited a long time for this day . We fell in love 14 years ago . " Added Perry : "  It 's a great day in San Francisco , it 's a great day in California and it 's a great day in the country because Sandy and I are married . "  Other famlies out there in similar circumstances should fight to be married , too , " Perry said , referring to other states that do n't have same-sex marriage laws . "  Sandy and I being married represents the conclusion of a difficult period in California . " The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Friday that same-sex marriages could resume in California , a move that the Supreme Court paved the way for on Wednesday . Supreme Court cases rest on citizens who sued -- and made history California 's Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage in May 2008 , ruling that the state 's constitution gives "  this basic civil right to  marry to  all Californians , whether gay or heterosexual , and to same-sex couples as well as to opposite-sex couples . " But months later , 52 % of voters backed Proposition 8 to once again restrict marriages so that they could only be between a man and a woman . A federal appeals court ruled that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional , though it still issued a stay on same-sex marriages until the U.S. Supreme Court could weigh in . San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee said , "  Now , and from this day forward , same-sex couples can share in the same joy that is available to all Americans . " City Hall will be open Saturday and Sunday for similar ceremonies . Stier told reporters before the ceremony that she believes young Californians can now grow up feeling "  they can be who they want to be " -- with government protection for all . "  I have never felt equal and I will after I marry , " said Perry . "  I will belong to a family that I chose . " The couple said their marriage was arranged so quickly Friday and their other three children could n't attend the ceremony . So ended California 's nine years of legal struggle for same-sex marriage -- in a mere few minutes devoted to roses , kisses and "  I do 's . " Same-sex marriages resume in California after court gives go-ahead CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Weddings will continue over the weekend The first couple to marry are Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier They were plaintiffs in the lawsuit before the U.S. Supreme Court Ring bearer is Elliot Perry , 18 , one of the couple 's twin sons
Actor Robert Brown has reached a "  settlement in principle " in his racial profiling lawsuits against Macy 's and New York , according to court documents and a statement from the retailer . Brown , who appeared on the HBO series "  Treme , " made headlines last summer after he claimed that he was targeted because of his race while shopping at Macy 's flagship store in Manhattan 's Herald Square . Papers filed in federal court Wednesday said Brown reached a settlement with both Macy 's and the city of New York , whose police department he accused of targeting him because of his race . The settlement terms were not disclosed . In a statement , Macy 's Vice President of Media Relations Elina Kazan said the retailer had also settled various other lawsuits accusing the retailer of racial profiling . The statement did not identify the plaintiffs . "  The lawsuits by various plaintiffs who alleged racial profiling by Macy 's have been settled in principle , " the statement said . "  Our company strictly prohibits discrimination of any kind and has zero tolerance for racial profiling . We value every customer who chooses to shop at Macy 's , and we remain committed to ensuring that every individual who steps into our store feels welcome and appreciated . " Retailers post customer ` Bill of Rights ' after racial profiling allegations After buying a $ 1,300 Movado watch for his mother , Brown was shopping for a pair of sunglasses for himself when he was stopped in the middle of the store by three men , whom he believed to be NYPD officers . They accused him of committing credit card fraud and detained him inside the store , according to court documents . "  They cuff me , parade me around the store , all the while maintaining , ` we do this all the time ; it 's a fake card ; you 're going to go to jail , ' " Brown said in October , recounting the incident on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Racial profiling costs Arizona county $ 22 million Brown was the most notable of several people who said they were targeted after shopping at a New York department store because of race last year and the second to accuse Macy 's of the practice . Brown filed the class-action lawsuit on behalf of himself as well as similarly situated individuals of color , according to court documents . Lawyers for Brown did not return calls seeking comment . Data surveillance centers : Crime fighters or ` spy machines ' Opinion : Jay Z can fight racial profiling in retail	Robert Brown of HBO 's "  Treme " settles lawsuit against Macy 's and New York The actor says he was accused of credit card fraud while shopping He had filed a class-action suit on behalf of others in the same situation
It was , the premature obituaries proclaimed , the beginning of the end for Serena Williams . The indomitable figurehead of women 's tennis had been humiliated and cowed -- turfed out of the 2012 French Open in the first round by an unheralded and unseeded opponent . After an injury-blighted few seasons that saw her sink to 175 in the world rankings , Williams had hit one of the biggest troughs in her career . Given all she had achieved , it would have been easy to throw in the towel -- but even at her lowest ebb , Serena 's desire to clamber back to the top was insatiable . But she needed help and , while still in Paris , she found it in the shape of coach Patrick Mouratoglou , with whom she has been linked romantically . It was a partnership that was to restore Williams as the preeminent female player of her generation , culminating in her most successful season at the age of 32 . "  What surprised me at that point was the motivation she had , " Mouratoglou told CNN 's Open Court show . "  She really was prepared to do anything to come back to the top . "  Her motivation was at the highest point , maybe , and it was very surprising for someone who had won so much , with such a career record and at that age . "  She was struggling a bit at the time because that loss really affected her , but she was motivated to work , so that 's what she did . " The results speak for themselves . Serena has won 16 titles in 16 months , with a record of 95 victories and five defeats since teaming up with Mouratoglou . In 2013 she won 11 titles -- including the U.S. Open , French Open and season-ending WTA Championships -- the best return in women 's tennis since Martina Hingis in 1997 . Such a formidable run , which saw her pocket a cool $ 12.3 million in prize money this season , means she now has 17 grand slam titles to her name . Only three players in the Open era have more . But according to Mouratoglou , it was the humbling she was served in Paris that paved the way for this current , imperious streak . "  It 's a failure , you have to accept it , " he explained . "  When you have failure you can work to be better , and you realize sometimes it 's good to come back to reality . "  That 's how I see my role , to help her reduce the chances to lose to the strict minimum . "  I think the chances of her losing now are much smaller than in the past . If you look at the statistics they show it , but maybe we can do better -- and it 's a real goal to do better . " That insistence Williams can reach even greater heights might make her rivals wince . There are very few players in the modern game who can match the sheer power and intensity of Williams at her peak . Though now in her thirties , Mouratoglou rejects any suggestions she is showing any signs of slowing down , and he thinks she can improve still further . "  For sure , she 's unique , " he said . "  I 've worked with hundreds of players and many in the top 50 men and women -- for me , I 've not seen anyone like her . "  She 's a real champion . It 's not about the strokes , it 's about what you have inside -- and she has something really special inside . The quality of the game she is able to play at her age shows how much her game has evolved from most of the players . "  I think she improved in many ways her movement on the court ; she moves much better , she moves longer also , she can play longer rallies , much longer if she needs to . "  I think she added some shots to her game that she was not using that much before . She was n't using them because she was n't mastering them like some other shots she masters like nobody else on tour . "  I think that 's a key thing -- the more options she gets on tour in her game , the more chances to win she has on the first day of the year against the player who plays the best tennis of her career . "  If she plays her type of game with more efficiency , like being maybe even more aggressive , adding some volleys , some swing volleys for example , she can give another level , which is maybe a bit frightening , but I think she can . " Mouratoglou 's influence has clearly galvanized Williams , but he insists it is her desire to take responsibility that makes her so unique . Whereas others might look in desperation to their coach for help if a match is getting away from them , Serena grits her teeth and figures it out for herself . "  She has this ability to find a solution to win , she refuses to lose and this is something really interesting , " he said . "  Most of the players when they are in trouble , or they are struggling , they are complaining . "  She should n't think , ' I have to rely on someone ' to find the solution , ' because she has the solution within herself . She just has to analyze , think , and dig deep and find . "  Some  players  just complain and get angry , or give up -- that 's the case of many players . And some others call their coach whenever they get broken : ` Oh , I need my coach ! ' "  Come on , you do n't need your coach every time you 're broken . You have to think what you should do and look for a solution , and this is something that Serena really has in herself . " So , with Serena in supreme form , is it conceivable she could smash all records in 2014 and win all four slams -- something not done since Steffi Graf in 1988 ? "  Yes , I think everything is possible , " Mouratoglou says . "  Is it going to be easy ? No , it 's not going to be easy , because in terms of focus it 's something really tough to achieve , and also we have to respect the quality of the other players . "	Serena Williams has had a resurgence under Patrick Mouratoglou 's guidance American had sunk to 175 in world and lost in 2012 French Open first round But with French coach 's input Williams won final two grand slams last year World No. 1 won 11 titles in 2013 , the best return since Martina Hingis in 1997
CNN  -- The lesbian widow of an Afghanistan war soldier has announced that her wait to see if she would receive the same benefits as heterosexual spouses has finally ended . Over wild applause at a Washington dinner Saturday honoring gay military families , Tracy Dice Johnson said that the Department of Veterans Affairs had reviewed her case and decided to grant her benefits , according a release about the event on the Defense Department 's website . A North Carolina National Guardsman and Iraq war veteran , she was married to her longtime love , National Guard Staff Sgt. Donna Johnson . Donna Johnson , 29 , was killed in October 2012 , when a suicide bomber attacked a checkpoint she was helping to set up in Khost , according to a CNNMoney article published in March . At the time the story published , nine months had gone by since the Supreme Court had made it possible for same-sex couples who were previously denied federal benefits to begin receiving them . Johnson 's request had not been denied , but she had applied twice and had received only letters saying that her request was being reviewed . Johnson was honored at the American Military Partner Association 's inaugural National Gala Dinner where she told the audience that the VA had "  decided to retroactively recognize me , " the Defense Department release says . The widow thanked her "  family " within the American Military Partner Association . Members of the group were there for her , she said , when the "  unthinkable happened and continue to be there for me and others as we serve . " Rosemary Freitas Williams , deputy assistant secretary of defense for military community and family policy , said the Pentagon has begun several programs that will help to ensure that service members have full access to benefits that the law affords them . "  Our military will no longer be deprived of the talents and skills of patriotic Americans just because they happen to be gay or lesbian , " Williams said . "  And now we can say of our military spouses and partners , ` Welcome aboard . ' " CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	Tracy Dice Johnson was married to Donna Johnson , a National Guard soldier Staff Sgt. Donna Johnson was killed by a suicide bomber in Afghanistan Dice Johnson says VA will grant death benefits , she told a gala for gay military families
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japan apologized once again to South Korea on Tuesday for colonizing the Korean peninsula for more than three decades in the early 1900s . While the apology is not the first from Japan , it coincides with the 100th anniversary this month of the annexation of the Korean peninsula . In his statement , Prime Minister Naoto Kan expressed "  deep regret over the suffering inflicted " during Japan 's rule . Cabinet members endorsed the statement , Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported . Kan also said Japan will hand over precious cultural artifacts that South Korea has been demanding . Among them are records of an ancient Korean royal dynasty . Japan controlled Korea from 1910 to 1945 . During that time , Japan 's military is accused of forcing about 200,000 women , mainly from Korea and China , to serve as sex slaves . They were known as "  comfort women " for soldiers in Japan 's Imperial Army . In the past , there have been street protests and lawsuits in South Korea over the sufferings of the comfort women . South Korea 's ruling Grand National Party said the statement was "  a step forward " from past statements , but "  not enough to allay " Korean anger , the country 's Yonhap news agency said . The statement "  has no mention of illegitimacy of the forced annexation and Koreans forced to work as sex slaves or manual laborers by the Japanese army , " Ahn Hyoung-hwan , a spokesman of the party , said , according to Yonhap .	NEW : Korea : Statement not enough to "  allay " anger Japan colonized the Korean peninsula for 35 years The apology is not a first Japan says it will also return cultural artifacts
CNN  -- Joey Barton , one of the most controversial footballers in the English Premier League , has been hit with a 12-match ban by the Football Association  FA  . The Queens Park Rangers midfielder , who has 1.5 million followers on micro-blogging site Twitter , was found guilty of two charges of violent conduct during a tumultuous clash with Manchester City earlier this month . Barton was sent off for elbowing Argentina striker Carlos Tevez , then kicked Tevez 's compatriot Sergio Aguero before appearing to aim a headbutt at City captain Vincent Kompany . The 29-year-old attended an FA hearing at Wembley on Wednesday where he was given a  # 75,000  $ 117,000  fine in addition to his lengthy ban . Manchester City win Premier League as Barton sees red In a statement on their official website the FA confirmed Barton would receive an initial four match ban for his dismissal and eight more games for his two further offenses . The FA said : "  There are rules of conduct that should be adhered to , and such behavior tarnishes the image of football in this country , particularly as this match was the pinnacle of the domestic season and watched by millions around the globe . " Barton 's regular rants on Twitter , interspersed with quotes from philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche and lyrics from songs of The Smiths , have gained him a huge following . He often tweets about visits to art galleries and his take on modern culture , and he 's also been interviewed on UK political shows such as Newsnight . Barton 's indiscretions at Manchester City are the latest in a long line of misdemeanors in what has been a checkered career to date . He was sentenced to six months in prison while a Newcastle United player for an assault in Liverpool city center and later transfer listed by the club after criticizing the hierarchy on Twitter . Prior to that , at Manchester City , he was fined for stubbing a cigar out in the eye of a youth team player and in a separate incident , was sent home from a tour of Thailand after an altercation with a 15-year-old Everton fan . After his red card at City he took to Twitter to try and explain his actions , stating : "  The head was never gone at any stage , once I 'd been sent off , one of our players suggested I should try to take 1 of theirs with me . " His 12-match ban puts his future at QPR in doubt , the team having retained their Premier League status on the final day of the season despite his red card . A Rangers spokesman said : "  QPR will be making no comment in regard to the Joey Barton case . An internal investigation will begin in due course . "	QPR midfielder Joey Barton is banned for 12 matches by English Football Association Barton was sent off on the final day of the Premier League season against Manchester City The 29-year-old then kneed Sergio Aguero and appeared to headbutt Vincent Kompany Barton 's ban means he wo n't be able to play for QPR again until November
CNN  -- Brazilian star Kaka has rejected a world record transfer move to Premier League Manchester City and decided to stay with AC Milan . Kaka opted to stay with AC Milan despite the riches on offer . The 2007 world player of the year was set to earn $ 750,000 per week with City , who were reported to be willing to pay a staggering $ 147 million to acquire his services . The devoutly religious Kaka explained his reasons on the club 's television station . "  I believe I have made the right choice . "  To have gone to Manchester City could have been a great project but in the past few days I have prayed a lot to understand what the right team would be and in the end I have decided to remain here . "  I do n't want anything else , I just want to be well and be happy in the place where people love me . " Italian prime minister and Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi originally broke the news that the devoted fans of the Rossoneri wanted to hear . Interviewed on Italian TV 's Sky Italia late on Monday night , Berlusconi confirmed that Milan had offered Kaka the chance to "  make himself a fortune , but said he has "  higher values . " Berlusconi continued : "  He is staying with us , there are things which are more important than money : we are happy . "  When I heard he would prefer to stay , that he did n't think he would be missing a great opportunity and he prefers the values of our flag , the values of closeness and friendship , the warmth and the affection that all the fans have shown him in these days , I said ` hooray ' and we hugged . Kaka is staying at Milan . " Fans of former European champions Milan had staged a series of protests since City 's audacious move for Kaka became public late last week . They intensified after Kaka played in the 1-0 home win over Fiorentina which improved Milan 's Serie A title chances as arch-rivals and league leaders Inter Milan slipped up . Have your say : Should Kaka have stayed at AC Milan or taken the money ? City , who are being backed by Sheikh Mansour 's Abu-Dhabi investment group , finally admitted defeat in a statement on their club Web site www.mfc.co.uk from executive chairman Gary Cook : "  Whilst Manchester City Football Club has an obvious interest in world-class players of the quality of Kaka , we owe it to our fans that such a transfer must work on every level ; commercially , financially , in terms of results on the field and within Manchester City 's broader community . " Cook and a City delegation returned to Manchester without ever managing to meet 26-year-old Kaka face to face , dealing instead with Milan officials and his father Bosco Leite . Manager Mark Hughes , who completed the signing of striker Craig Bellamy from West Ham on Monday , will also be hoping to finalize a deal to acquire midfielder Nigel De Jong from Hamburg as he strengthens his squad in the January transfer window . City , who are struggling in 11th in the Premier League and out of the FA Cup , signed Kaka 's Brazilian international teammate Robinho from Real Madrid shortly after their new Abu Dhabi owners took over last summer . Robinho has proved an immediate success with 12 goals , but City are aware of the need to attract more world class players to their ranks , hence the ulitmately fruitless attempt to sign Kaka . In a separate development , Robinho moved quickly to deny reports that he had stormed out of City 's training camp in Tenerife because they had failed to sign his friend Kaka . "  I had made Manchester City aware that I needed to return to Brazil because of a family matter , " he told BBC Sport . "  I will return to the club and hope to sort this out as soon as possible . " He added : "  I feel it is important to underline that I did not return to Brazil because of the Kaka deal . "  He is one of my good friends and it would have been great to see him at Manchester City -- but it had nothing to do with his decision to stay in Milan . "  I am committed to helping Manchester City become the force the owners assured me they will become . "	AC Milan 's Kaka turns down big-money transfer to Manchester City Brazilian star Kaka was reportedly set to earn $ 750,000 per week at City Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi said Kaka had "  higher values " than money Robinho denies reports he left City training camp after a row over Kaka
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- In colloquial Turkish , the word zenne means male belly dancer . It is also the title of a new film that explores sexual identity while also highlighting a deadly case of homophobia in modern-day Turkey . "  The starting point was a dear friend of ours who was murdered in 2008 for being gay by his own father , " said Mehmet Binay , producer and co-director of "  Zenne , " which opens in theaters across Turkey on Friday . Binay was referring to the 2008 killing of Ahmet Yildiz , a 26-year old physics student who was gunned down in Istanbul . Court records identify Yildiz 's father , Yahya , as the primary suspect in the killing . The father 's motive , according to a copy of the indictment , was that he "  did not accept the victim to be in a gay relationship . " More than three years after the slaying , Yildiz 's father is a fugitive , still wanted by Turkish police . The death has since been widely referred to as Turkey 's first gay honor killing . One of the main characters in "  Zenne " is based on Ahmet Yildiz and his tragic story . Caner Alper , the writer and other co-director of "  Zenne , " was also a friend of Yildiz 's . Alper said before he died , Yildiz often spoke about receiving death threats from his family , who were trying to "  cure " him of his homosexuality . Court documents show Yildiz reported these death threats to the Turkish authorities . In an interview with CNN this week , the filmmakers said they hoped their film would force Turkish society to debate hate crimes that target victims based on gender , religion , ethnicity or sexual identity . "  Death and murder is still on the agenda of our country . We ca n't get rid of this mentality , " said Binay . "  People need to tolerate each other . They need to understand that different identities can live next to each other without disturbing each other . " Binay and Alper are not only creative partners . Shortly before the debut of their debut film at the Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival , Turkey 's most prestigious film festival , the two men announced they had been a couple for 14 years . Alper said their families advised against coming out publicly . "  They thought it would be career suicide , " he said . "  Until we won five awards from the first festival that we attended . " Despite recent critical acclaim , the filmmakers agreed Turkey still has a long way to go before it overcomes deeply entrenched institutional homophobia . According to Article 17 of the health regulations of the Turkish Armed Forces , homosexuality is considered a "  psychosexual deviance . " All Turkish men are required to perform military service . But gay men can be exempted from conscript duty provided they first prove their homosexuality . "  Zenne " depicts the degrading process its main characters endure at an army recruiting center . In the film , military doctors perform anal examinations and hurl homophobic insults at conscripts . They also demand photos of the characters having sex with other men . Gay rights activists say the military has long demanded graphic photo and/or video evidence from men asking to be released from military duty . "  In the photograph and the video you have to show your form and your face . Your face has to be clearly identified and another man has to be penetrating , " said Kursad Kahramanoglu , who teaches international law and human sexuality at Istanbul 's Bilgi University . CNN asked Turkey 's defense ministry to comment on what gay rights groups claim has long been an unwritten military policy . "  The practice of asking for video and photographic evidence is out of question , " a defense ministry spokesman responded , speaking on condition of anonymity , a common practice in Turkish government bureaucracy . "  I can not confirm that it definitely did not happen , but we do not have any information that such a thing happened , " he added . The spokesman said the current policy is for conscripts to prove their homosexuality with a doctor 's report from a private or military hospital . "  The evaluation is made based on the medical report , " he said . Less than two years ago , a senior Turkish government minister was quoted in an interview calling homosexuality "  an illness ... that should be treated . " These types of statements have not stopped members of Turkey 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community from demanding equal rights . Thousands marched in a rainbow-hued gay pride parade through downtown Istanbul last July . Some of the activists carried large posters of Ahmet Yildiz with the slogan "  get the murderer . " Among those marching was Yildiz 's former boyfriend , Ibrahim Can . "  I am fighting for the rights of my lover and for all the gays and lesbians and transsexuals in the world and in Turkey . And I want the Turkish government to change the homophobic attitude in Turkey , " Can said in an interview with CNN . LGBT activists are lobbying the Turkish government to have the constitution amended to protect the rights of Turks on the grounds of gender and sexual identity . The Turkish Constitution is currently in the lengthy process of being re-written . Binay , meanwhile , points to what he calls remarkable progress for minority rights in Turkey over the last decade . He said : "  All sorts of minorities including gays and lesbians are demanding their rights . They want recognition , they want protection by the state . They want to be able to live , first of all , and not be murdered . "	New Turkish movie highlights homophobia in the country In part the film is based in the slaying of Ahmet Yildiz , which is known as Turkey 's first honor killing Directors , who were friends with the student , say Turkey has entrenched institutional homophobia One of them told CNN minority communities "  want to be able to live , first of all , and not be murdered "
CNN  -- Frankel 's babies will be on the Christmas wish list for hundreds of potential owners -- but they 'll need to pay up $ 198,600 for the honor . The four-year-old won all 14 of his races and racked up $ 4.77 million in prize money before retiring to stud following his victory in the Champions Stakes at Ascot in October . Each owner whose mare breeds with Frankel , will need to pay nearly $ 200,000 for the privilege with Frankel 's owners expecting over 100 females to be impregnated in this year alone . Frankel retains unbeaten record in dramatic fashion at Ascot Frankel will stud at owner 's Khalid Abdulla 's Banstead Manor , which is part of his Juddemonte Farms group after leaving Warren Stables , the yard of trainer Henry Cecil last week . "  The fee for Frankel reflects his merits as being perhaps the greatest racehorse we have ever witnessed , " said Juddmonte Farms ' general manager Philip Mitchell on the firm 's official website . "  He is by Galileo , who is now recognized as the best sire in the world , and out of Kind , a winner of six races  from five to seven furlongs  and herself a daughter of one of the most influential stallions in the history of thoroughbred breeding , Danehill . " Fabulous Frankel : What made the thoroughbred so special Frankel , named after American trainer Bobby Frankel who died three years ago , ended his career in perfect style at Ascot last month by winning the Champion Stakes . While the stud fee for Frankel is sizeable , it falls well short of the $ 500,000 paid for American stallion Storm Cat a decade ago .	Frankel available for $ 198,600 after being retired to stud Won all 14 races and claimed $ 4.77 million in prize money Khalid Abdulla 's horse could make millions through future offspring American stallion Storm Cat commanded a $ 500,000 fee at the peak of his stud career
CNN  -- It goes on every day , in every county in the United States . It 's absolutely free . Usually there 's no wait to get in . And it can be as compelling as anything on television . The Florida trial in which George Zimmerman stands accused of murdering Trayvon Martin is attracting large TV audiences . The O.J. Simpson trial got the country accustomed to watching high-profile court proceedings gavel-to-gavel ; the trial of Jodi Arias drew big ratings before the Zimmerman trial . Viewers return because they find the events almost hypnotic : something that thoroughly captures their attention . But one of the so-omnipresent-that-we-seldom-think-about-it facts of American life is just how much human intrigue , how much tension , how much weakness and heroism and sadness and triumph are on continuous and ever-changing display in multiple and seemingly mundane settings all over the country , each day of the workweek . And how relatively few people choose to sit in the first-come , first-served seats and take it all in . The courtrooms of this nation , both criminal and civil , are bright stages upon which the theater of murder , deceit , heartbreak and duplicity are played out in excruciating and breathtaking detail . In Zimmerman 's trial , it 's a jury of millions If you 're of a mind to , you can find on those stages narratives as spellbinding as any murder mystery in a bookstore or any crime drama in a movie theater . As a citizen , you can immerse yourself in the tale , day after day . You have to have a little spare time on your hands -- maybe a few days away from work -- and you have to choose a case that most interests you from among the many that are going on at the same moment in the courthouse in your community . The clerk 's office will have a calendar of the day 's trials , and court employees can be helpful in explaining to you what is transpiring in the various rooms . Trials tend to have ebbs and flows , and there will be times when you have to be willing to sit through lulls . But you will view and hear things more enthralling , more disturbing , more enlightening and more repellent than you might ever have imagined . As a citizen in the seats , you will almost inevitably find yourself becoming a part of the cast of characters of the courtroom . A tangential part , to be sure . But after a few days the attorneys will begin to recognize you , as will the defendants , and the judge , and the bailiffs . You may begin to feel something close to a responsibility to show up -- a responsibility to yourself , not to miss a minute of the story you have started to follow . Why do n't more people , especially those who have the time , avail themselves of this opportunity ? Perhaps because they seldom stop to think it 's there . When a big trial makes it to TV , the assumption is that it has some special quality to attract that spotlight . That may be partially true . But although the sensational trials draw audiences because they 're on television , there is so much to see and feel in the courtrooms of even the smallest cities and towns . The matters that bring people to trial -- whether acts of shattering violence , double-dealing in business transactions , any of the hundreds of variations of robbery and theft -- find their way to virtually every crossroads , and thus eventually into virtually every courthouse . Mom vs. mom in the Zimmerman trial You can be captivated by just how skilled some attorneys are -- and surprised by just how ill-prepared some others are . You 'll study the judge -- his or her shifting moods -- as if he or she is the protagonist in a paperback potboiler . You 'll make eye contact with the defendants and the jury members . And there is nothing quite like the moment when that jury returns with its verdict . This is a country that somehow becomes giddy when two singers face off in a televised talent contest , and one goes on to the next round while the other goes home . That feeling pales compared to the sensation of sitting in a courtroom , your vital signs kicking into a higher gear as the judge asks the foreman if there is a decision , and the seconds drag on before the words are read aloud . The best part of the experience is that it 's not taking place on a cold screen in front of millions of distant , unseen viewers -- it is unfolding a few feet from your eyes . Most cases , even in medium-sized towns , are n't covered by the local newspapers ; there are just too many courtrooms for that . But the curtain rises every morning , in public buildings everywhere in the U.S. And , beyond the raw fascination of what goes on , there is another , much more vital , reason to attend : Because someone should bear witness . Because this is American justice , carried out in all of our names . And anyone who cares to be there is always cordially invited . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Zimmerman trial riveting , but why limit yourself to TV trials ? He says in county and local courtrooms across U.S. , trials constantly on display . Go watch ! He says subjects are murder , robbery , financial shenanigans ; it 's free , tense , fascinating Greene : Beyond that , it 's American justice carried out for us all ; important to bear witness
CNN  -- For Brad Cohen , the barking and squealing noises he could not control began in the fifth grade . Fifty kids came to Camp Twitch and Shout 's first session . Director Brad Cohen says he hopes to double that figure . "  I remember eating lunch at school all by myself and the mean kids would parade around me and mock my noises . My teacher made me get up in front of the class and apologize to everybody for the noises I was making , " Cohen recalls . More than 20 years later , Cohen is a camp director , celebrating the first year of Camp Twitch and Shout , a place for youngsters , who like Cohen , have Tourette syndrome . "  Tourette syndrome is a neurological disorder which causes people to make noises and tics that they ca n't control , " Cohen says . Fifty campers , between the ages of 7 and 18 , came from all over the country to spend a week in Winder , Georgia , about 45 miles east of Atlanta . They have plenty to do , from swimming and fishing to music and arts and crafts . Most have been teased or harassed in school , and the camp is a place just to have fun . "  It 's very nice to be able to let it all out and just not have to worry and not have people stare at you and think that you 're weird and think -- what 's wrong with that person ? " says 16-year-old camper and black belt Tinsley Birchfield of Atlanta . Watch more from Camp Twist and Shout " For other campers , such as Jacob McGee of Savannah , Georgia , just being outdoors is magical . "  My favorite part was when we climbed the tree . That was pretty awesome . I went as high as I could go . It was really fun , " says the 11-year-old . According to experts , Twitch and Shout is one of only five weeklong camps in the country for children with Tourette syndrome . Atlanta-based child neurologist Howard Schub says such camps help children better cope with their condition . Some campers have never met another kid with Tourette syndrome . "  A child goes to camp , they see that they 're not the worst . ... There are others that are functioning pretty well with worse tics than they , " Schub says . Cohen adds , "  They see that wow , ` There are other kids that are like me . ' They laugh , they tell the same jokes , they have the same interests . And what we hope is that their self-esteem goes up . " Twitch and Shout campers display motor tics common to most kids with Tourette syndrome such as eye blinking , facial grimacing , shoulder shrugging , head jerking , and -- in a few rare cases -- cursing . Camp activities are filled with the sounds of typical vocal tics : sniffing , throat clearing , hooting , barking , hissing and squealing . But campers such as teenager Kevin Kardon of Athens , Georgia , say they 've just gotten used to it . "  It 's just kind of like you 're listening to music , and you hear something in the background and you do n't really hear it , " Kevin says . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , three out of every 1,000 school-age children are believed to have Tourette syndrome . The cause is unknown , but genetics appear to play a role . Most children develop the condition between 7 and 10 , and if their tics are mild to moderate , they usually require no medicine to control them . Symptoms usually peak during the late teens or early 20s . "  Many children , as they get older , the tics become either much less prominent or certainly reduced to a single or just a few tics that are not as disabling , " Schub says . That was certainly the case with Cohen . Barking is still his dominant tic , but when he was the age of his campers , he wrestled to control several others , including eye blinking , teeth chomping and arm twitching . In middle school , when his tics were at the height of their intensity , the principal approached him and asked if he 'd like to educate the student body about his condition . Cohen says this move changed his life . "  They gave me a standing ovation , and it was on that day that I realized the power of education . I wanted to be that teacher that I never had . And that was my dream . I wanted to be the teacher that focused on kids ' strengths , not weaknesses , " he says . And that 's what he 's been trying to do in the classroom for more than 13 years . At 35 , Cohen is an elementary school teacher , the author of a book on Tourette syndrome and now a camp director . He says he hopes his campers find strength in knowing they are not alone and will carry this new confidence home with them to face the challenges of the upcoming school year . "  When they have tough times and they think they ca n't find success , it 's our goal that they will think back to their experience at Camp Twitch and Shout and say , ` You know what ? I can do it ; I can be successful because I did it at camp , ' " Cohen says . Next summer , Cohen says he plans to recruit twice as many campers and hopes the experience will be as worthwhile for them as it was this year for 15-year-old Chris Wall of Athens . "  This camp was awesome because it had people just like me , " says Chris , beaming .	Camp Twitch and Shout is a weeklong camp for kids with Tourette syndrome Fifty campers , between 7 and 18 , came from all over the country to Georgia camp Three out of every 1,000 school-age children have disorder , according to CDC Camper : "  It 's very nice to be able to let it all out and just not have to worry "
CNN  -- Many of Europe 's leading tech entrepreneurs are meeting at the annual LeWeb conference in Paris this week to celebrate the future - an "  Internet of things " governed by intelligent devices . But , rather than Paris , the most consequential European meeting about the future of the Internet this week may have taken place in Brussels on Monday . In contrast with the radically transparent networking culture that characterizes LeWeb , the Brussels event was a meeting between two powerful bureaucrats that took place , like all meetings between powerful bureaucrats , behind closed doors . Jon Leibowitz , the Chairman of the US Federal Trade Commission  FTC  met with Joaquin Almunia , the vice-president of the European Commission to discuss Google - the dominant company on today 's Internet . Specifically , they were meeting to discuss potential FTC and EU anti-trust lawsuits against the tech giant , in an attempt to resolve the Google problem . It 's a very simple problem . The future may , indeed , have arrived on the Internet . But rather than being run by intelligent devices , it 's unfortunately being run more and more by a single company -- Google , which controls over 90 % of the search market in several European countries . And the problem , as both the FTC and the commission recognize , is that this dominance may , in part , be illegal . Google has been accused in both Europe and the United States of using its dominant position in search to unfairly promote its own products and services -- from travel and shopping comparison engines to advertising and mapping . These accusations have been well documented and extend from successful American internet companies such as Yelp , Expedia and Nextag to European start-ups like eJustice.fr and Foundem . At a press conference in Brussels on Wednesday , Almunia confirmed that the commission was working "  intensively " on its probe of Google . Meanwhile , Google 's executive chairman Eric Schmidt , in a characteristically pugnacious message to Almunia and Leibowitz , told the Wall Street Journal that "  it 's time for them to sort of move to one resolution or another . It 's not like they do n't have a million documents and so forth . " Schmidt is right . Given the speed of technological change , it 's time for both the commission and the FTC to decide whether or not to bring their anti-trust lawsuits against Google . The longer both Almunia and Leibowitz wait , the more powerful Google becomes , and the more indecisive and laggardly the regulators appear . Time is , indeed , of the essence . As the future arrives on all our devices and "  the Internet of things " becomes a reality , it is essential that this Google problem , which is undermining entrepreneurial innovation , is resolved . An Internet of things must be a place of all of our things , not just Google 's things . And as Google products such as its self-driving cars and data goggles pioneer this brave new world of intelligent devices , it is essential that the FTC and the commission guarantee that the ubiquitous Google search engine does n't degenerate into a platform for this increasingly powerful company to hawk its own intelligent products and services . Google 's Eric Schmidt spoke at Le Web last year . "  This particular conference is one of the best venues for new entrepreneurs in Europe , " he said , rightly , of Europe 's largest Internet event . But for future entrepreneurs really to be able to innovate , we need fair search which does n't prioritize the products and services of Google itself . We are thus relying on Leibowitz and Almunia . Let 's hope they can make a decision on whether to move ahead with their anti-trust cases by the end of the year . Let 's hope they can solve the Google problem . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen .	U.S. and EU regulators met in Brussels this week to discuss "  the Google problem " They were considering whether its dominance of the search market may be illegal Keen says they need to decide soon whether to pursue anti-trust lawsuits He says it is important to ensure entrepreneurial innovation is allowed to flourish
Los Angeles  CNN  -- One of the suspects in a California shooting spree that left two sheriff 's deputies dead was deported to Mexico twice , according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Authorities say Marcelo Marquez , 34 , of Salt Lake City , Utah , was arrested Friday after police found him in a home in Auburn , about 30 miles from the initial shooting . Also arrested was Jannelle Monroy , 38 , of Sacramento County , who was allegedly with Marquez during the rampage , authorities said . The rampage began in the parking lot of a $ 56-a-night motel outside downtown Sacramento when two sheriff 's deputies checked on a suspicious car there . Authorities said by the time the spree was over on Friday , the suspects had killed two sheriff 's deputies in two counties , wounded a third deputy , attempted three car carjackings and shot a driver in the head -- all during a span of six hours . Those events prompted a handful of school lockdowns and a massive manhunt . Reconstructing shooting-carjack spree that left 2 Calif. deputies dead Virginia Kice , a spokeswoman for ICE , says that Marcelo Marquez is actually an alias for a man named Luis Enrique Monroy-Bracamonte . He was removed from the U.S. twice , the first time in 1997 after an arrest and conviction in Arizona for narcotics possession . He was arrested and sent back to Mexico again in 2001 . Sacramento County Deputy Danny Oliver , 47 , was killed in the spree . The 15-year veteran was a husband and father of two daughters . The other slain officer was Placer County Deputy Michael David Davis Jr. , 42 , an 18-year veteran with a wife and four children . Davis died exactly 26 years after his father , a Riverside County sheriff 's deputy , was killed in the line of duty , authorities said . The wounded deputy , Jeff Davis of Placer County , was shot in the arm . He was later treated and released . The driver who was shot in the head is 38-year-old Anthony Holmes . He is in serious condition in a hospital , according to authorities and CNN affiliates .	One of the suspect in a California shooting spree was previously deported , according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . One suspect was using an alias , an ICE spokeswoman says Marcelo Marquez , 34 , and Jannelle Monroy , 38 , are in custody after six-hour rampage
CNN  -- One damp , chilly evening in October , Dolores Kopchak called the police . She had a rather unusual problem : a lion in her back yard . She was calling from Kopchak Road , named after her family and familiar to law enforcement authorities in the small town of Zanesville , Ohio . They had had responded to complaints there before . Kopchak 's neighbor , Terry Thompson , owned a bunch of wild animals . When Sgt. Steve Blake arrived on the scene , he saw a black bear and two African lions . He immediately shut down Kopchak Road and called for help . What happened next on that evening reads more like the stuff of an action-packed adventure novel than police reports . The Muskingum County Sheriff 's Office has released many of those reports that reveal how law enforcement officials were thrust into a desperate hunt for potential killers on the loose . On October 18 , as highway signs cautioned drivers to remain in cars and local schools were making a decision to close the next morning , deputies traversed Thompson 's property and beyond and came face to face with animals that most people see from the other side of a cage or in the safety of a guided safari . Deputy Jay Lawhorne had been on Thompson 's property before , responding to previous complaints about him , including animal abuse . Thompson , 62 , had been released from a federal prison September 30 after pleading guilty earlier this year to possessing illegal firearms , including five fully automatic firearms . A civil case seeking forfeiture of firearms was pending . Lawhorne picked up his M4 rife with .223 - caliber ammo and got in the back of the pickup . The deputies began going up Thompson 's driveway not knowing what they would find . It was already after 6 p.m. and they knew they only had one hour of daylight left . There were cages on the left and the right of the driveway . Tigers , lions , cheetahs and bears roamed about . They were ordered to find Thompson and "  neutralize " any animal that posed a threat to people . With no tranquilizers on hand , their only choice was to shoot . Thompson 's house was empty , save two monkeys and a small dog , Blake said in his report . On his way out , Blake saw a body near an embankment . It was Thompson . He was on his back . A handgun lay near him . And a pair of blue bolt cutters . He had used it to free all his animals from their pens before he shot himself . A large white tiger was sitting 5 feet away . It appeared the cat had fed on Thompson 's flesh , Blake said . It was impossible for the deputies to approach the body because of the tiger . The deputies called for more help and got out on foot . Right behind Thompson 's large barn , at the top of hill near the house , they saw several large cages where the larger lions had been kept . The deputies secured the heavy wooden doors but as they got closer , they realized the cages had been cut open . A lion came out just 3 feet away . Lawhorne said he was forced to shoot it dead . Another deputy encountered a lion hissing at him and baring its lethal teeth . Behind the lions were pens that held bears and wolves but , instead , a tiger and bear came out . The tiger charged Lawhorne . It , too , had to be put down . The deputies were able to save a black panther and a spotted leopard . At 11:30 , the deputies gave up the search for the night . Lawhorne said Sheriff Matt Lutz told him his replacement would arrive at 6:30 in the morning . But Lawhorne was not out of danger yet . He and Deputy Adam Swope were walking down to the back of Thompson 's property when they encountered a tiger hiding in the brush . They radioed it in and were informed that a Columbus zookeeper was on her way to tranquilize the cat . It took 15 minutes for her to get there . It was going to take another 10 minutes for the tranquilizer to take effect . Lawhorne and other deputies stood by with assault weapons . Just in case . The tiger jolted when the dart hit , but it did not get up . But after a few minutes , it charged directly at the zookeeper . The deputies fired . The tiger backed off and laid down . They gave it another 15 minutes for the tranquilizer to take effect . The zookeeper then felt it was safe to approach . But when they were less than 10 feet away , the tiger thrashed again . This time , it was shot dead . In all , deputies shot 49 of Thompson 's menagerie . Some , like the Bengal tigers , were endangered species . Thompson 's wife , Marian , chose a burial site , according to the police reports . The animals were placed in a single grave . John Moore , who worked as a caretaker for Thompson 's animals , said that he had last seen Terry Thompson the day before he died , according to the police reports . Thompson told him then that he had received a letter about Marian cheating on him . He told Moore : "  I have a plan to find out and you will know when it happens . " No one may ever know what Thompson 's plans included -- his death is still under investigation and not all records have been released . Thompson is gone . So are his animals . The Humane Society of the United States said that under the circumstances , it did not fault the deputies for using deadly force . But a public debate was sparked over exotic animals and the laws that govern ownership . The bizarre events that day were seen around the world . And Zanesville will forever go down as the small Ohio city with the really big animals .	County sheriff 's office releases reports about what happened in Zanesville , Ohio Deputies came face to face with dangerous animals Owner Terry Thompson cut their cages and then killed himself The deputies said they were ordered to "  neutralize " the animals on the prowl
CNN  -- While Japan 's economy continues to falter , lawmakers are betting big that the casino industry can swoop in and lift it out of the doldrums . Gambling is currently illegal in Japan , though many play pachinko , a quintessentially Japanese game often likened to pinball . While cash prizes are forbidden , many pachinko parlors work on a gray economy where prizes are exchanged -- off-premises -- for hard currency . This week , a major conference focusing on the future of the industry opened in Tokyo . It comes at a time when key legislation is being pushed through Japan 's parliament that could pave the way for the development of a large-scale gaming industry in the country . "  There is ample chance that the bill will be debated in parliament  this session  and will be passed by both houses , " said Toru Mihara , Director of the Institute of Amusement Industry Studies , Osaka University of Commerce and a key speaker at this week 's Japan Gaming Congress . Tokyo , along with Japan 's second city , Osaka , is being eyed as a key destination for so-called "  Integrated Resorts "  IR  , which would combine casinos with hotel , luxury retail and entertainment complexes . The industry has the potential to generate tens of billions of dollars for Japan , attracting massive investment from overseas -- in particular from Las Vegas-based companies and Asian gaming operators -- and boosting its tourism numbers . The next Singapore ? "  The easy comparison to make is with the Singapore market , " said Michael Paladino , Gaming , Lodging & Leisure Sector Head at Fitch Ratings . "  The success of the Singapore market and its ability to generate non-gaming revenues , much more so than the Macau market . That is a lot easier to sell politically . Tourism creates the meetings , incentives and retail . Everything else that comes with it aside from gambling . " Part of the urgency in getting the legislation ratified in this Diet session comes from the desire to keep the gaming project concurrent with the opening of the Tokyo Olympics in 2020 . "  The government is looking at the Olympics and IR as a one - two in terms of elevating Japan 's tourism presence and then really going after foreign inbound visitors , " Grant Govertsen , principal and analyst at Union Gaming Research Macau , told CNN . "  Inbound foreign visitation is fairly anemic on an annual basis for such a developed and interesting country . I think that 's the key there . It has nothing to do with economics -- using IRs as a means to help fund Olympics development . " With casinos opening up across Asia , from new developments in Cambodia and the Philippines to Korea , Singapore and China 's gambling mecca Macau , eyes are firmly fixed on this side of the world for the industry 's expansion . Japan is seen as a huge untapped market and one which , unlike Macau for example , would not be heavily reliant on inbound tourism to fulfill its potential . Homegrown crowd Much of the investment interest is pegged on Japanese gamblers flocking to their own casinos -- Mihara suggests that upwards of 80 % of Japanese casinos visitors could be locals , and this stable , relatively disposable income-rich market is certainly a selling point , as it is likely that the region 's biggest gambling market may choose to shun Japanese casinos . Historical and cultural tensions between China and Japan -- Japanese aggression during the Second World War remains a highly political issue across much of Asia -- may dampen Chinese enthusiasm for Japanese travel . "  We will not be too dependent on Chinese , like Macau , " said Mihara . "  Given the political relationship , there is a potential risk  if Japanese casinos were too dependent on Mainland visitors  . " The strength of the domestic market could have a knock-on effect to other gaming destinations in the region , particularly South Korea , which could see a drop-off in Japanese gamblers traveling overseas . Untapped potential The interest from casino companies -- Las Vegas-based companies like Sands but also Asian operators -- is palpable . The bidding process , which will begin if and when the law is passed , will lead to potentially the most expensive resorts ever built , with some figures suggesting anything up to a $ 10 billion investment . The numbers involved in Japan are much higher than they are elsewhere in Asia , largely due to the high price of land . Nonetheless , the opportunity to break into a new market is seemingly too tempting to resist . "  It will be highly sought after from all the major global players , as  potentially  the second-largest market in Asia , from a gaming revenue point , " said Paladino . Given potentially low returns , thanks to eyewatering capital expenditure including land and construction costs and higher wages , along with a potentially more punitive tax climate than neighboring countries , the risk that gaming operations are taking on appear to be higher . "  You 're going to have to spend a lot more money to get the same amount of casino , it is not clear that the return profile will be as good as Macau or Singapore , but it could very well be , " said Govertsen . Pachinko threatened ? Analysts are divided on whether the influx of gaming tables will affect the pachinko industry , which has seen the development of thousands of parlors dotted across the country . Regardless , the ruling Liberal Democratic Party -- along with a handy majority of cross-party support -- sees the arrival of legalized gambling in Japan as a boon for the country 's coffers . "  Clearly , there can be a significant economic stimulus associated with the development of IR , " said Govertsen . "  From a taxing and jobs perspective , it could meaningful for Japan . "	Japan 's ruling party hopes to legalize gambling within the month Ruling could pave the way for huge integrated resorts in Japan 's major cities Advocates say the liberalization of the gaming industry will help Japan 's ailing economy
AOL Autos  -- Regular readers of AOL Autos know that we have done a series of stories on the development and increasing popularity of cars that run -- or will eventually run -- on alternative fuels . The mandatory use of CNG in public service vehicles began in New Delhi , India in 2000 . We 've written about hybrids , clean-diesel engines , fuel-cell technology , ethanol and more . That brings us to another entry in the auto industry 's ongoing research and development of green-technology : compressed natural gas  CNG  . Scientists are trying to determine which alternative fuel will best strike a balance between being environmentally friendly and commercial viability . CNG might be the answer . Vehicles running on CNG have actually been around since the early 1990s , but have not been a dominant force in the marketplace mostly because the infrastructure  i.e. re-fueling stations  is not yet in place to support high-volume sales of CNG-powered cars . Presently , there are only about 1,600 CNG refueling stations in the U.S , compared with up to 200,000 gas stations . Currently there is only one CNG-powered model sold on the consumer market that is actually manufactured as a CNG-powered car . That 's the Honda Civic GX , which boasts an EPA-estimated fuel economy of 24/36 miles per gasoline-gallon equivalent . AOL Autos : Best hybrids Rich Kolodziej , president of Natural Gas Vehicles for America said there are other natural-gas-powered vehicles on the road -- about 130,000 , he estimates -- but that the vast majority of those are part of commercial or transit fleets or have been converted from gasoline-powered cars . "  They 're mostly fleet vehicles , like transit buses , delivery trucks , and the fleets maintained by the gas company , the electric company , etc , " he said . "  We do n't have hard figures about conversions , but I 'd bet that about 25 percent of those 130,000 were once gasoline-powered vehicles that have been converted to CNG vehicles , " Kolodziej said . "  There are a growing number of companies making certified conversion systems and installing them . " NGVAmerica maintains a list of certified conversion systems on its Web site : www.ngvc.org . AOL Autos : Fuel-efficient used cars Some of those 130,000 are also natural-gas-powered vehicles manufactured and sold by Ford , Chrysler and GM back in the early '90s , he says -- back when the U.S. manufacturers were still in the business of making CNG-powered cars . But we 'll get back to that later . But with the price of gasoline currently averaging over $ 4 a gallon nationally , Kolodziej predicts there will be more and more demand for CNG-powered vehicles like the Civic GX . "  I went to a conference a couple of months ago , and every manufacturer we talked to said that their phones were ringing off the hook , from people who are saying they 'd be interested in buying a CNG-powered car , " Kolodziej said . "  And there are more and more people and companies who want to get into the conversion business . " AOL Autos : Hybrid SUVs The cost of conversions varies by the type of vehicle , Kolodziej noted . "  But most cost in the $ 10,000 range . Most conversion systems are certified for Ford and GM models , among others , " he said . On the financial side , natural gas is about 30 percent less expensive than gasoline when it is purchased at a refueling station . It 's about 50 percent less expensive when you fill ` er up at home , via home refueling appliance that tap into your natural gas line , Kolodziej said . Owners of the Honda Civic GX in New York and California who have natural gas piped into their homes can purchase the "  Phill " re-fueling system for about $ 3,500 . This Phill system can be used whether your CNG vehicle was manufactured that way or converted , he said . AOL Autos : Luxury cars with best gas mileage "  The Phill is about the size of a pay phone , and you hang it on the garage wall , and vent it like a dryer and plug it into a gas line and also into an electric socket , " Kolodziej explained . The primary environmental benefit of a CNG car is that it produces 90 percent fewer smog-forming pollutants  oxides of nitrogen  , compared to the output of a conventional gas engine , said Steve Ellis , manager of alternative fuels for American Honda Motor Co. . The Civic GX has reaped many environmental awards . This year , it was named by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy  ACEEE  as the "  greenest vehicle in the nation -- for the fifth consecutive year . " The GX , which was first introduced in 1998 , has the cleanest internal combustion certified by the EPA , Ellis noted . AOL Autos : Most-popular fuel-efficient cars The Civic GX is not a high-volume vehicle in terms of sales . Ellis said annual sales have fluctuated between 500 to 1000 units a year since it was rolled out , with sales of 1,100 units last year . He expects that to go up in 2008 . For comparison purposes , about 40,000 Honda Civic Hybrids were sold last year , with sales of 48,000 anticipated for this year . Most of the sales of the Civic GX are concentrated in southern California , followed by Phoenix and Salt Lake City -- primarily because those markets are where many of the 1,600 re-fueling stations are presently located . "  As the infrastructure builds up , we 'll sell more of them in other markets , " Ellis predicted . "  Right now , this is a car that people use regionally . If you live here in Los Angeles , you can drive to Las Vegas and back and not worry about being able to find a refueling station . As for cost , the GX natural-gas vehicle is priced at about $ 24,500 , compared to $ 17,000 for a comparably-equipped Civic LX , Ellis said -- except that buyers get a $ 4,000 tax credit on the purchase of the GX . And until recently , California buyers got an additional $ 3,000 rebate from the California Air Resources Board . "  But the program was so popular , they are out of funds , and looking to add more money to the coffer so they can continue with the rebates , " Ellis said . "  But people who buy a Civic GX , when we ask them about the math , in term of comparing those two Civics , they sort of give us blank stares , " Ellis continued . "  Most of these folks who are buying the GX are trying to get out of having to commute to work every day in a pick-up truck , SUV or even a passenger car that 's only getting 15 or 20 miles a gallon . And they 're also the same kind of people who 've said they 'd pay $ 25 or $ 50 a week to be able to drive in the car-pool lane . " Interestingly , many of the automakers , like Volkswagen , Mercedes , Fiat , GM Opel , Ford Europe , Peugeot and Renault , do produce CNG-powered vehicles for other countries , said NGVAmerica 's Kolodziej , who noted that "  about 1.5 million of the natural gas vehicles have been sold in Brazil , another 1.5 million in Argentina , another 1.5 million in Pakistan , and so on . " And , once upon a time , in the early '90s , U.S. automakers did sell CNG vehicles in the United States . "  But the federal government kept adding more loopholes to the energy policy that was supposed to encourage the increased manufacture and sales of CNG vehicles , " Kolodziej said . "  Then the government opted not to expand the coverage of the program the way the law allowed -- or the way the automakers expected . Without that demand pull , the U.S. automakers did n't believe they could sell enough of them here . " "  U.S. automakers zigged when they probably should have zagged " added Ellis of American Honda . "  They turned their backs on CNG and began to focus on bio-fuels . " But , noted Ellis , "  We 're definitely keeping our stake in the CNG business , because we know we can add it to other platforms . We used to think of the Civic GX as ` The Little Engine That Could ' -- you know , saying , ' I think I can , I think I can ' in terms of becoming more commercially viable . "  But , with gas prices going up and up , now we 're thinking more along the lines of ' I know I can , I know I can . ' And more and more people are genuinely interested in going more green because of the environmental impact , " he said . "  A lot of people got into the hybrids , and then , after a while , began to ask , ` How can I do more ? ' And they 're looking to natural-gas-powered cars as the answer to that . "  So , we 're in this for the long haul , " noted Ellis , who said the company is definitely looking to do bigger business and make a profit from the GX . "  Now , it 's just a matter of society continuing to change , and to continue to become more environmentally-minded . As they do , we think there will be increasing interest in CNG , and we 'll see a shift in emphasis toward CNG and away from bio-fuels . "	Scientists trying to determine which alternative fuel is best for future Some say compressed natural gas could be the answer Only only one CNG-powered model sold on the consumer market today About 1,600 CNG refueling stations in U.S , compared to 200,000 gas stations
CNN  -- Would the United States extradite Amanda Knox to Italy , where an Italian court found her guilty Thursday of murdering Briton Meredith Kercher ? U.S. officials may never have to decide , a legal expert said Saturday . "  I think we have a hint from Italy that they may not seek her extradition , " Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz told CNN "  New Day Saturday . " "  Look , they let her go back to the United States , even though the case was then pending , knowing that it would be very difficult to get her back in Italy , so the Italian government may be satisfied with convicting her and then letting her spend the rest of her life in the United States -- not able to travel to Europe or to Italy , so it may resolve itself that way . " Still , if the conviction is upheld on appeal , if there are no clear violations of due process and if no new compelling evidence is submitted , the case should be treated routinely , Dershowitz said . In other words , Knox should be treated an ordinary person , the Harvard law professor added . And if an extradition request is made , the United States would likely comply , according to Dershowitz . "  The Italian legal system , though I do n't love it , is a legitimate legal system and we have a treaty with Italy so I do n't see how we would resist , " he told Agence France Presse . Citing privacy and confidentiality concerns , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf declined to say whether Italy has requested that Knox be extradited . Knox and her former boyfriend , Italian Raffaele Sollecito , were found guilty Thursday of the 2007 murder of Kercher . Prosecutors say Kercher was held down and stabbed after she rejected attempts by Knox , Sollecito and another man , Ivory Coast-born Rudy Guede , to involve her in a sex game . Guede is in jail for the killing . In the conviction , which reversed an earlier appeal judgment , Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years in prison ; Knox , who is a student at the University of Washington and did not attend the trial , was sentenced in absentia to 28-1/2 years . Knox lawyer Theodore Simon told CNN on Friday that his client has received "  an incredible outpouring " of support , and that the evidence against his client was non-existent . "  There is absolutely no evidence today , there was no evidence before and there never will be any evidence of her guilt , " he said . Asked whether he believes the U.S. government would honor an extradition request from Italy , if one were issued , Simon noted that at least one appeal and other legal issues remain before that would be an issue . "  It 's really not a question that is an issue today or tomorrow or for a long time to come , " he said . "  It 's really not right for consideration , and I would n't comment on that at this time . " CNN Legal Analyst Paul Callan agreed that there is a long road ahead for Knox . "  More time for her hair to grow out , " said Callan , who also appeared on "  New Day Saturday . " "  She is sporting a new hairdo , I do n't know if you noticed that yesterday , in what I think is a public relations effort to sort of humanize Amanda Knox and keep that high public opinion poll that out there for her . " That public opinion has been shaped by largely positive media coverage of the case in the United States , according to Dershowitz . One example of apparent media sympathy , if not support , is a photograph published Saturday in the New York Times showing ABC Anchor Robin Roberts holding the hand of the 26-year-old convicted murderer . "  We wish you the best , going forward , " Roberts told Knox at the end of a teary interview . "  I do n't know why public opinion is so supportive of her innocence , " said Dershowitz , who described the circumstantial case against Knox as compelling , though not overwhelming . "  This is not a case , as it 's been projected in the media , of no evidence at all . It 's a case of the kind that would have resulted probably in a conviction in most courts in America . And so yet , because she is attractive , and because she has created a media campaign all over the country , she 's become very popular . And I do n't think we should do justice by popularity or justice by the way a person looks . This is a case for extradition . " The victim , he said , has largely been ignored by the American media , which has been supportive of Knox . "  In Italy , it 's exactly the opposite . In Italy , she 's Al Capone , she 's the worst murderer in history . " Kercher 's brother , Lyle , told reporters on Friday that he expected Italy would file an extradition request if the Supreme Court upholds Thursday 's ruling by the lower court . "  In as much as , yes , if somebody 's found guilty -- and this would go for anybody -- if somebody 's found guilty and convicted of a murder . " He added , "  I do n't see why they would n't . " Dershowitz told CNN last March that , if an extradition request is made and Knox somehow avoids being sent back , "  she remains a prisoner in the United States , because Interpol will put a warrant out for her and , if she travels anywhere outside the United States , she 'll be immediately arrested and turned over to Italy . "	"  I think we have a hint from Italy that they may not seek her extradition , " law prof says The State Department declines to say whether Italy has sought extradition Knox and her former boyfriend were found guilty Thursday of murdering Meredith Kercher Knox , a student at the University of Washington , did not attend the trial
CNN  -- When waking up this morning in France , one could be forgiven for not knowing that French celebrity magazine Closer had crossed the Rubicon and published topless pictures of Kate Middleton , wife of Prince William , heir to the British Crown . No mention on early morning radio shows or television news bulletins , nothing on the national daily newspapers ' websites . It is in fact the British furore over the publication which slowly made France aware of the shocking faux pas . In an interesting cultural twist , the British media suddenly discussed the outrageous breach of the Royals ' privacy by French photographers , invoking the fate of late Princess Diana in Paris , at the hands of French paparazzi . British commentators seemed to be forgetting a little too quickly perhaps that Britain boasts the most intrusive tabloid and celebrity press in Europe , one which never shies away from divulging , and often making up , stories about public figures ' intimacy . And while there is a right to privacy in Britain under the human rights act , the law is much stricter in France . In that country , privacy laws protect people from such intrusion and there is no doubt that if the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge do sue , they 're likely to win their case . Only last week , Val  rie Trierweiler , partner of French President Fran  ois Hollande , won a string of cases against publications having showed her in a bikini this summer . However , the rise of the celebrity press in France since the introduction in 2005 of magazines such as Closer , -- the French edition is published by Italian company Mondadori , part of the Berlusconi empire -- has proved that French readers have a taste for gossip too . With a weekly circulation of 400 000 , Closer is a natural heir to France 's first gossip magazine , German-owned Voici introduced in 1981 . Many in Britain may add that France has in fact a much older tradition : Look at Paris Match , the world 's oldest celebrity magazine . Paris Match , a political and current affairs magazine , has indeed a keen interest for public personalities , but keeps away from the salacious unlike publications such as Closer . Paris Match also publishes serious political reportages . The problem of the celebrity press in France lies in the fact that magazines such as Closer , knowing all too well they 'll be condemned and fined for invading people 's lives , take it into account from the beginning and provision all legal costs in advance . In short , their success is such that they can afford paying hefty fines every week . They also tend to target foreign personalities , American or British , as their lives have already been invaded by sister publications in their respective countries and they are less inclined to sue . French celebrities whose privacy has been invaded tend to react , fast and furious , and sue straight away , well aware of their rights . No doubt , the French public at large will have sympathy for the royal couple especially as their intimacy was breached in France while they were having some time off before embarking on a tour of Malaysia on behalf of the Queen . As a nation as a whole , they value privacy and everyone 's right to it , powerful or not . However , they may take the British media 's attacks less kindly and brand it hypocritical . They remember how , only just a few weeks ago , Rupert Murdoch 's The Sun justified publishing the pictures of a naked Prince Harry in a Las Vegas luxury hotel in the name "  of public interest . " If the British media is keen to protect the young royal couple from the paparazzi 's glare , perhaps they could start at home . A spokesman from St James 's Palace declared : "  We believe a red line has been crossed . " The red line is crossed every time somebody 's privacy is invaded , royal or not . After Diana : Why no privacy in France ?	Agnes Poirier : UK commentators forget Britain boasts most intrusive press in Europe In France stricter privacy laws protect people from such intrusion , she says Poirier : "  French celebrities whose privacy has been invaded tend to sue straight away " French value privacy but may see British media attacks as hypocritical , she says
CNN  A convicted rapist needs to "  rethink " his strategy as he attempts to resume his professional football career , according to the chief of player welfare in the game in Britain . Ched Evans had been on the cusp of a move to Oldham Athletic , which plays in English football 's third tier , but the club pulled out of the deal because of "  unbearable pressure " on its staff . Linked with a return to former club Sheffield United last year , Evans remains without a club after being released from prison in October having served half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old girl . Both Oldham and Sheffield United were dissuaded from signing Evans due to pressure from sponsors as well as criticism from leading politicians and also the British public , with thousands signing petitions against his proposed moves . Asked if Evans looked likely to sign for another British side , chief executive of the Professional Footballers ' Association Gordon Taylor told the BBC : "  At this moment in time , you would have to say you 'd be very doubtful of that . "  It may well be he would have to go abroad but at the moment because he 's out on license he ca n't go abroad so we need a serious rethink now . " Previously refused leave to appeal , Evan 's case is now before the Criminal Cases Review Commission , an independent body that reviews potential miscarriages of justice . Hull manager Steve Bruce admitted he had backed Oldham to sign Evans and also believes the Criminal Cases Review Commission will be key to his hopes of playing again . "  I might be upsetting people but there is a question of the rape and how he 's been convicted by a jury , " said Bruce in his press conference prior to Saturday 's English Premier League game between Hull and West Bromwich Albion . "  When you do look at the case and look at the evidence then certainly Ched has got a case . "  For me the appeal ca n't come quick enough for Ched . It must be a frustrating and difficult time for him and I think the events of the appeal , for me , will see Ched be allowed to play football again . " Sheffield United , whom Evans originally joined on leaving Manchester City in 2009 , pulled out of their initial approach to sign the player on his release from prison in October following a 160,000-strong petition against the move . And more than 60,000 people signed a petition calling on Oldham not sign Evans . Hartlepool also signaled their interest only to then back away , while a potential move to Maltese club Hibernians was quashed when the Ministry of Justice clarified its zero-tolerance policy on sex offenders working abroad . Evans ' case has also put PFA chief Taylor under pressure after he likened the situation with Evans to that of the families of the 96 people that lost their lives in the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 . The tragedy struck following a crush of people at the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest in Sheffield . After years of appeals by the families involved over the miscarriage of justice , an inquest is now ongoing into events and culpability surrounding the tragedy . "  He would n't have been the first person to be found guilty , maintained their innocence and be proved right. , " said Taylor in an interview with the BBC , referring to Evans . "  We know that happened with Hillsborough . "  It 's now unraveling and very different to how it was portrayed at the time , indeed by the police at the time . " Taylor 's comments led to calls for him to stand down from his post while Dr Phil Scraton , the main author of the Hillsborough Independent Panel report , wrote to him concerning his "  ill-judged " remarks . "  Drawing Hillsborough into the maelstrom that has surrounded the Evans case ... while suggesting a parallel between these two entirely distinct cases demonstrates not only poor judgment but also extraordinary naivety , " Scraton wrote . Taylor has since backtracked on his previous remarks apologizing for any offense called . "  I was n't comparing the case but I was looking for a comparison of the principle really of people looking to have the right to maintaining their innocence and how it 's become a national issue and campaign with regard to Ched Evans , " said Taylor In an interview with BBC Radio . "  In no way was it a comparison of the offenses , it was the principle of establishing the truth and his right to do that . "  As it has turned out , I do n't want to upset any of the Hillsborough family support groups . "  We 've always been supportive of them . It 's far from that . I admire the way , the tenacity and determination to get to the truth and that was the point I was looking to make . "  The last thing I was wanting to do was offend any of them -- quite the opposite . "  And with Ched Evans of course he similarly has that right . He 's done his time in prison and has done longer in prison than normal because he 's determined to prove his innocence and has the right to return to work . " Under current rules , Evans is permitted to return to playing football despite still serving his conviction on license . But chairman of the Football Association Greg Dyke admitted the regulations may change the over eligibility of players to return to the game under certain circumstances . In the first statement from the FA amid the Evans furore , Dyke said in a statement : "  Rape and sexual violence are abhorrent and unacceptable . This can not be overstated . "  We have reviewed the Ched Evans case in some detail at the FA and we have examined both the legal requirements and our rules and regulations , and there is no basis for us to intervene directly in this particular case . "  That said , it is important that we continue to look at the issue of behaviour and attitudes within football , and recognize the unique privileges and responsibilities that come with being a participating member of the national game . "  I would encourage the game to consider and discuss this matter and the prospect for future guidelines or codes of conduct . "  The FA will certainly be considering it in line with our own ongoing review of what constitutes public or private communications and behavior . "	Players ' chief Gordon Taylor warns convicted rapist Ched Evans he needs to "  rethink " strategy Hull manager Steve Bruce backs the player over a possible appeal and his playing future Taylor is castigated for likening the case to the Hillsborough disaster
Ray Nagin came into the mayor 's office in New Orleans as an avowed scourge of corruption and led the city through the worst disaster of its modern history . He left a federal courthouse a convict Wednesday , after a jury found him guilty of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and other favors from businessmen looking for a break from his administration . Of the 21 counts against him , he was convicted of 20 . "  He got a lot of media attention as being a reformer , a non-politician , first run for office -- a businessman who was going to come in and get it right , " said Pat Fanning , a veteran New Orleans lawyer and no fan of the former two-term mayor . After Hurricane Katrina ravaged the city in 2005 , the onetime cable television executive would reassure people queasy about sending taxpayer money to a state with an epic history of corruption by telling them , "  Google me . You 're not going to find any of that in my record , " Fanning said , quoting Nagin . "  Well , Google him now . " Nagin , who left office in 2010 , had little to say as he left the courthouse Wednesday afternoon , telling reporters only , "  I maintain my innocence . " A small knot of supporters yelled , "  Keep your head up " and "  He 's just a patsy , " CNN affiliate WDSU reported . His lead attorney , Robert Jenkins , told reporters his client would appeal the verdict . "  We did the best we could do , " Jenkins said . Prosecutors argued the 57-year-old Nagin was at the center of a kickback scheme in which he received checks , cash , wire transfers , personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city . He faces up to 20 years in prison , but Fanning said a 14 - to 17-year term was more likely . A January 2013 indictment detailed more than $ 200,000 in bribes to the mayor , and his family members allegedly received a vacation in Hawaii ; first-class airfare to Jamaica ; private jet travel and a limousine for New York City ; and cellular phone service . In exchange , businesses that coughed up for Nagin and his family won more than $ 5 million in city contracts , according to the January 2013 indictment . During the two-week trial , prosecutors brought to the stand a string of businessmen who had already pleaded guilty to bribing Nagin . His defense did little to challenge their stories , Fanning said . "  It was too painful actually to watch . They just swamped him , " he said . And when Nagin took the stand in his own defense , "  He did a belly flop , " often answering questions on cross-examination by saying he could n't recall who paid for a trip or perk . "  He just looked terrible , " Fanning said . The earliest of the charges date from before Katrina , which struck when Nagin had been in office for about three years . The hurricane flooded more than three-fourths of low-lying New Orleans and left more than 1,800 dead across the region -- most of them in Louisiana . Supporters credited Nagin 's sometimes-profane demands for aid from Washington with helping reveal the botched federal response to the storm -- a fiasco that embarrassed the George W. Bush administration and led to billions of federal dollars being poured into Gulf Coast reconstruction efforts . But Nagin also had his detractors : Fanning called his performance during the storm "  a meltdown , " a congressional committee criticized him for delaying evacuation orders , and his frantic description of post-storm New Orleans as a violent wasteland with up to 10,000 dead turned out to be greatly exaggerated . As he sought re-election in 2006 , with much of the city 's African-American population displaced by storm damage , Nagin was blasted for insisting that New Orleans would remain a "  chocolate " city . Nagin won a second term despite the controversies , but left office with his approval ratings in the cellar and told CNN his career in public office was over . "  I have given my pound of flesh , " he said . Nagin sought to have the charges dismissed in October after another federal judge blasted what he called the "  grotesque " misconduct of prosecutors in the post-Katrina shootings of unarmed civilians by police at the Danziger Bridge . The judge tossed out the convictions of five cashiered cops after ruling that members of the U.S. attorney 's office tainted their 2011 trial by anonymously posting "  egregious and inflammatory " comments at online news sites . Nagin argued that he was the target of the same underground effort , citing "  a continuum of pejorative statements and demeaning racial epithets " aimed at him . The U.S. attorney 's office said none of the prosecutors involved in the Danziger Bridge case played a role in the Nagin investigation .	Nagin "  did a belly flop " on the witness stand , observer says A federal jury convicts Ray Nagin of 20 of 21 corruption counts against him Prosecutors had accused him of running a kickback scheme from his office "  We did our best , " Nagin 's attorney says
CNN  -- There are all sorts of ways to celebrate a successful harvest . In U.S. of course , people commemorate the season 's bounty by giving thanks , overdosing on roast turkey , and turning on the TV to watch an endless parade of cartoon characters float about the streets of New York . But today 's Thanksgiving is not the only harvest festival on the cultural calendar . No matter the time of year , or place , a bounty of vegetables is often all it takes to get people singing , dancing , cow racing -- even parading around giant phalluses . To get in the spirit , we 've reaped some of the world 's most vibrant harvest festivals . Honen Matsuri , Japan To some , a procession led by a 600-pound wooden penis may seem a strange way to welcome the Spring , but in the small town of Komaki , it 's only natural . Honen Matsuri , or the fertility festival , is held every year on March 15 , and while the plethora of phalluses on display have made the event a popular go-to for tittering tourists , it is actually a Shinto ritual meant to ensure a bountiful harvest in the coming months . Read more : The world 's weirdest food festivals The main phallus is carved from a single cedar tree in the winter and brought to the local Tagata Shrine for purification . During the festival , it is paraded by a troupe of Shinto priests . In the lead-up to the main event , stalls serve up unending cups of saki to the crowd , and vendors hawk penis-shaped candies . The celebration ends with priests throwing out handfuls of mochi , or rice cakes , to anyone gathered in the shrine 's courtyard -- a practice meant to bring good luck for the following year . Costermonger 's Harvest Festival , England For 125 years , the London harvest festival has had a troupe of shimmering mascots . The Pearly Kings and Queens -- deemed Britain 's "  second royal family " -- are renown for their dark suits emblazoned with hundreds of mother-of-pearl buttons , a tradition started by Henry Croft , an orphan-turned-street sweeper . He first got the idea from costermongers , or street hawkers , who used to line the seams of their pants with pearl buttons found on the street . He took it a step further and coated his whole suit -- top hat and all . Naturally , it was n't long before he was a popular London fixture ; he used his notoriety to raise money for various charities . Each borough of London has its own Pearly Kind and Queen , and as a whole , the group functions mainly as a charitable organization . According to Doreen Golding , the Pearly Queen of Old Kent Road and Bow Bells , charity and harvest go hand-in-hand . Read more : Solstice ? It 's all about sex ! "  It does n't matter what faith you are . At the end of the year , when all the crops are gathered and have been given to people in the community , it 's typical to then give them out to all the homeless people who have n't got any food , " she says . Like Croft , the "  Pearlies " use their fame to fund raise . Crop Over , Barbados In 1780 , Barbados was one of the biggest sugar producers in the world . Today , that honor goes to Brazil , but the Caribbean country still celebrates the sugar harvest with a month-long festival in July , known as Crop Over . Pic-O-De Crop -- a kind of "  American Idol " for Calypso music -- is one of the festival 's most popular events , where finalists are judged for their savvy lyrics , content , melody and diction . Like Brazil 's Carnival , the costumes help make the event  that , and copious amounts of rum  , and prizes are given out for the most outrageous concoctions at the festival 's end . Blessing of the Sea , Greece and Cyprus In Greek Orthodox communities , the prelude to the harvest coincides with a staple on the religious calendar -- Epiphany Day  January 6  . To celebrate the baptism of Christ , and to curry blessing for the coming season , the local bishop leads a procession to the nearest body of water , where he tosses a crucifix into the sea . Volunteers  mainly young men  leap in after it and compete to be the first to catch it . Whoever rescues the cross from the sea will supposedly be granted good luck in the upcoming year . After the waters are blessed , some folks wash their produce in the harbor in hopes of a bountiful Autumn harvest . Read more : So you think you know Christmas ? Rice Harvest , Indonesia In West Sumatra , Minangkabau farmers have found a particularly daredevil means of celebrating the end of the rice season ; they cow surf . Riding a wooden plank , and grasping the tails of two harnessed bulls , these farmer-turned-jockeys careen through the mud as part of the centuries-old sport of Pacu Jawi . The tradition is meant to show the strength of the bulls , many of which are later sold at auction .	In Komaki , Japan , Shinto priests try for a strong harvest by blessing a 600-pound wooden penis London 's harvest festival is manned by the Pearly Kings and Queens -- who wear suits embroidered with pearl buttons Barbados celebrates the end of the sugar harvest with a giant party , and Calypso sing-off
CNN  -- Milwaukee , Wisconsin , police have arrested a man whose DNA linked him to the bodies of nine women killed over 21 years , officials said at a news conference Monday night . Walter E. Ellis , 49 , was arrested after police matched a DNA swab taken from him last week to the victims . Walter E. Ellis , 49 , was arrested after police matched a DNA swab taken from him last week to DNA left on the bodies of nine women killed since 1986 . Police said eight of the women were prostitutes and one was a runaway involved with drugs . They were all killed within a 3-square-mile area of Milwaukee 's north side . "  This case was solved with shoe leather and science , " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward A. Flynn said . "  Continuing advances in DNA technology have enabled us to link these homicide cases , and it was good police work pursuing numerous leads that led to the arrest of a suspect . " The homicides occurred between 1986 and 2007 , police said . See where the bodies were found " Ellis was charged Monday with two counts of first degree murder relating to two of the deaths : 41-year-old Joyce Mims , who was killed in 1997 , and 28-year-old Ouithreaun Stokes , who was killed in April 2007 . Police said more charges are likely . It was n't immediately clear whether Ellis had obtained an attorney . Police said other victims linked to Ellis through DNA were : Tanya L. Miller , killed in 1986 ; Deborah L. Harris , killed in 1986 ; Sheila Farrior , strangled in 1995 ; Florence McCormick , strangled in 1995 ; Irene Smith , killed in 1992 ; Carron D. Kilpatrick , killed in 1992 , and Jessica Payne , killed in 1995 . Flynn told CNN it was hard for investigators to discern a geographic pattern for the homicides . In the 20-year period , more than 2,000 slayings occurred in Milwaukee , he said -- 200 of them in the same area where the bodies were found . Another challenge investigators faced was the developing technology of DNA evidence . The technology in 2009 far exceeds that available in 1986 or even 2002 , he said . It was only this year that police were able to link the nine homicides with the same DNA pattern . Even then "  we did not have anyone to match our DNA profile against , until we were able to get -LSB- Ellis ' -RSB- toothbrush , " he told CNN . A Wisconsin law passed in 2000 mandated the DNA collection from convicted felons . Ellis was released from prison in 2001 without having his DNA sample collected , Flynn said . Because his name had surfaced in the investigation and because he was also listed in two FBI databases , authorities decided to investigate him further and were able to obtain the search warrant that allowed them to collect his DNA from his toothbrush , the police chief said . News of Ellis ' arrest shocked those who knew him . "  That was just my ex-boyfriend , " his former girlfriend , Chanita , told CNN affiliate WISN-TV . She asked that her last name not be used . "  I did n't know nothing about nothing like this . I 'm getting shivery now cause you 're talking about some strangling stuff . Lord have mercy on me . I 'm just a wreck right now . I ca n't believe this . I 'm trembling in here . I 'm shakin ' . " Chanita said she dated Ellis for four years . "  I ca n't believe it . This is a shock , " she told WISN . "  I got like goose bumps on my arms instantly when you told me that . I 'm like no way -- not Walter -- I ca n't see him hurting nobody . " For relatives of the victims , the news brought mixed emotions . "  I knew they was gon na get him , I knew it , " Patricia Donald , best friend of victim Deborah Harris , told WISN . "  Finally he ca n't hurt nobody anymore . " For her and others , like Sandy Farrior , whose daughter Sheila was linked to Ellis , it was news that helped bring closure . "  Late justice is better than no justice , " he told WISN . In addition to advances in DNA technology , officials attributed the break in the case to the repeated investigation of cold cases by the Milwaukee Police Department 's Homicide Task Force Cold Case Unit . Although Mims and Stokes were strangled about a decade apart , similar DNA on their bodies helped lead police to a suspect . Watch where cops got DNA sample " Mims was found strangled and lying on her back wearing only socks on June 20 , 1997 , in a small closet near a living room in Milwaukee , according to court documents . Police found DNA on her body , but there were no matches in the system , the court documents show . On April 27 , 2007 , Stokes was found strangled , partially clothed and lying face down in a living room in Milwaukee , according to court documents . When lab technicians tested the DNA found on her body , they found it directly matched the DNA found on Mims . On August 29 of this year , armed with a search warrant , police took a toothbrush and razor from Ellis ' home . Testing showed the DNA found on Mims and Stokes was a match to Ellis , according to court documents . Ellis has been charged at least 10 times with varying offenses ranging from violent crimes to property crimes between 1981 and 1998 , though some of the charges were dismissed , online court records in Wisconsin show . He was sentenced to five years in state prison after he pleaded no contest to a reckless injury charge in 1998 . None of the victims linked to Ellis was killed during the time he was in jail . However , two men were charged in slayings later linked to Ellis , according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . Curtis McCoy was charged in October 1994 with killing Kilpatrick , but he was later acquitted by a jury , the newspaper reported . It also said Chaunte Ott , who was convicted of killing Payne , served 13 years in prison before being released in January , after DNA analysis showed semen found on the girl 's body was not his . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	DNA found on bodies of nine women matched to Walter E. Ellis , police say Ellis charged in two killings and more charges likely , police say Police chief hails arrest : "  This case was solved with shoe leather and science " The women were killed between 1986 and 2007
CNN  -- Authorities will resume their search Monday morning for the bodies of four men who are believed to have drowned in southeastern Idaho after one of them fell overboard and three others went missing trying to rescue him , the Power County Sheriff 's Department said . "  It is not confirmed they are deceased at this time -- presumption that they are -- but we can not confirm any deaths at this time or drowning , " said Cpl. Leilani Morgan . The incident took place Sunday at the American Falls Reservoir , about 180 miles east-southeast of Boise . Five children -- all under the age of nine -- also were on the boat and have been rescued by authorities , according to the sheriff 's department . CNNRadio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report	The men are presumed drowned at American Falls Reservoir in southeastern Idaho Three men disappear while trying to save a fourth man
CNN  -- Spain 's Dani Pedrosa will miss the Malaysian MotoGP on Sunday , after the rider broke his collarbone in practice for the Grand Prix in Japan last week . Pedrosa 's absence means championship leader Jorge Lorenzo will now only have to finish in the top 10 at the race in Sepang , in order to be crowned 2010 champion . Respol Honda racer Pedrosa suffered a double fracture of the collarbone in Motegi , and has subsequently undergone surgery . It was thought that the 25-year-old , who currently lies in second place behind Lorenzo in the MotoGP standings , might have recovered in time to challenge for the championship in Malaysia . However , in an announcement on the sport 's website on Thursday his team confirmed he would not be racing . "  Pedrosa has made the understandable decision to stay at home to continue his recovery , " the statement from Respol Honda read . "  The target for his return remains the Australian Grand Prix , practice for which begins on October 15 . " The team also confirmed that they would not be fielding a replacement driver for the race , leaving Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso as their sole representative . With Pedrosa not competing , Yamaha driver Lorenzo is now more than 100 points clear of his nearest challenger -- Australian Ducati driver Casey Stoner . The 25-year-old is looking for his first world title at MotoGP level , after twice achieving the feat in the 250cc category , first in 2006 and again in 2007 .	Dani Pedrosa is out of the Malaysian MotoGP , after the rider broke his collarbone Honda driver was injured in practice for the Grand Prix in Japan last week Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo will be crowned champion with a 10th-place or better finish on Sunday
EW.com  -- Stop the presses ! HBO is ending Aaron Sorkin 's acclaimed drama series "  The Newsroom " after the upcoming third season , the cable channel announced Monday . Fox confirms ` Glee ' moving setting exclusively to NYC "  The Newsroom is classic Aaron Sorkin -- smart , riveting and thought-provoking , " said HBO programming president Michael Lombardo . "  I 'm sure this farewell season will be one to remember . " The surprise announcement will conclude the journalism drama , which is set at a fictional cable news network and stars Jeff Daniels , who won an Emmy for his role . The third and last season will premiere this fall . Miss the ` Girls ' premiere ? Stream the first two episodes now The announcement marks the second HBO drama series to get an end date in recent weeks ; the network is also concluding "  Boardwalk Empire " after this fall 's fifth season . Meanwhile , HBO launched its latest drama series on Sunday night , "  True Detective . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	HBO is ending Aaron Sorkin 's "  Newsroom " with its third season It 's the second show to get an end date in recent weeks "  Boardwalk Empire " will end after its upcoming fifth season Meanwhile , HBO has launched a new drama called "  True Detective "
CNN  Jeremy Clarkson wo n't have his contract renewed as host of "  Top Gear " after he apparently busted his producer 's lip and verbally abused him , the BBC announced Wednesday . Clarkson , who hosted one of the most-watched television shows in the world , was suspended on March 10 after what the British broadcaster previously described as a "  fracas " with producer Oisin Tymon on March 4 . Wednesday , the BBC released the findings of an internal investigation into the incident . Ken MacQuarrie , who conducted the investigation , said Tymon had been "  subject to an unprovoked physical and verbal attack by Jeremy Clarkson " at a hotel in North Yorkshire after a day of filming . "  During the physical attack Oisin Tymon was struck , resulting in swelling and bleeding to his lip , " he said . The physical attack was halted after about 30 seconds by the intervention of a witness , MacQuarrie said , but Clarkson continued to use "  derogatory and abusive language " for a sustained period of time . MacQuarrie said Clarkson made a number of attempts to apologize over subsequent days and had reported the incident to BBC management . BBC Director General Tony Hall issued a statement announcing Clarkson was being dropped . "  A member of staff -- who is a completely innocent party -- took himself to Accident and Emergency after a physical altercation accompanied by sustained and prolonged verbal abuse of an extreme nature . For me a line has been crossed , " he said . "  I know how popular the program is and I also know that this decision will divide opinion . " "  Top Gear , " fronted by Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond , has made a name for itself globally with risky stunts and a brand of blokish humor that often toes the line and regularly steps over it . Clarkson is determinedly anti-politically correct on the topics he rails about , both on the show and in his newspaper and magazine columns . In his statement , Hall referenced the BBC 's diversity , saying it was "  a broad church . " "  We need distinctive and different voices but they can not come at any price . Common to all at the BBC have to be standards of decency and respect , " he said . North Yorkshire police issued a statement Wednesday saying they had asked for the BBC 's report on the incident . "  The information will be assessed appropriately and action will be taken by North Yorkshire Police where necessary , " they said . On March 10 , the BBC announced that "  Top Gear 's " March 15 episode had been pulled and this week it canceled four live "  Top Gear " shows scheduled for next week in Stavanger , Norway . However , it said the programs would be rescheduled and that all other live dates would "  run as scheduled . " Hall said the BBC would "  look to renew ` Top Gear ' for 2016 " and that he had asked BBC controller Kim Shillinglaw to "  look at how we put out the last programs in the current series . " After his suspension by the BBC , Clarkson changed his Twitter profile to "  I am probably a presenter on the BBC2 motoring show , Top Gear . " On Wednesday , the wording became past tense : "  I used to be a presenter on the BBC2 motoring show , Top Gear . " Co-host Richard Hammond tweeted : "  Gutted at such a sad end to an era . We 're all three of us idiots in our different ways but it 's been an incredible ride together . " Fans had earlier expressed outrage at the BBC decision to suspend Clarkson . Even media baron Rupert Murdoch commented on speculation that Clarkson would be sacked , posting a tweet Tuesday night in which he described the presenter as a "  funny man with great expertise . " An online petition to have Clarkson reinstated has been signed by more than a million people . Fewer than 10,000 people signed a counterpetition calling for him to be fired . Last week , a fan dressed as the "  Stig " -- the anonymous racing car test-driver who was once a regular feature of the show -- drove to the BBC 's London headquarters in an armored tank to present the "  Bring Back Clarkson " petition . Clarkson later thanked his supporters in a tweet shared more than 22,000 times . According to the BBC website , Clarkson is credited with changing the face of modern motoring journalism . It also adds : "  Terrifyingly , he might just be the most influential man in motoring . " Clarkson has been at the helm of the program since 1998 , and for more than a decade has fronted the relaunched version with Hammond and May . The trio 's long-distance challenges in a mix of elite and sometimes barely roadworthy vehicles has earned the program cult status . In 2013 , Guinness World Records named "  Top Gear " the world 's most widely watched factual program , with an estimated 350 million global viewers . The show is sold to 214 territories worldwide . Local versions have been made in the United States , China , Russia , Australia and South Korea . While Clarkson 's abrasive style has proven popular with viewers , his on - and off-air comments have earned him a reputation as a politically incorrect maverick who often walks a fine line between humor and offense . Last year , he apologized profusely after being accused of mumbling the n-word in a clip that was n't aired . "  I 'd actually used the word I was trying to obscure . I was mortified by this , horrified . It is a word I loathe , " Clarkson said in video statement posted online . He 's been accused on other occasions of racism , including characterizing Mexicans as "  lazy and feckless " and using the word "  slope " over footage of an Asian man crossing a bridge during a "  Top Gear " special in Myanmar . Producer Andy Wilman later apologized , calling it a "  light-hearted word play joke , " and saying that the team was not aware that it was offensive to Asians . Last week , Clarkson launched into an expletive-filled rant at a charity auction in north London , verbally attacking his BBC bosses . A CNN reporter who was at the event said Clarkson swore often as he talked about his suspension from the show , saying the BBC had "  f**ked themselves " and had ruined a great show . Clarkson later brushed off the incident , saying the rant was meant "  in jest " and was designed to increase bids for the prize being auctioned -- one last lap of the "  Top Gear " race track . CNN 's Rosie Tomkins and journalist Monica Sarkar contributed to this report .	North Yorkshire police ask for BBC report to assess it BBC director general confirms Jeremy Clarkson sacked "  Top Gear " presenter was suspended after "  fracas " with producer
CNN  -- Powerful winds and a tornado spawned by a 1,000-mile-long storm system pounded communities in northwest Georgia on Wednesday , overturning dozens of vehicles and trapping residents . The tornado caused significant damage in Adairsville , Georgia . One person died in that town and another died in Tennessee , authorities reported . At least 17 people were injured in Georgia , two critically . The Adairsville death marks the first person killed by a U.S. tornado in 220 days , a record for most consecutive days without such a fatality , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . Severe weather 101 The storm churned eastward , prompting severe thunderstorm and flash-flood warnings in eastern Tennessee and western portions of the Carolinas . The front has led to nearly 400 reports of severe wind and 20 of tornadoes over two days , from Texas to Pennsylvania . In the Adairsville storm , winds caused significant damage to a motel and a manufacturing plant , according to Craig Millsap , fire chief and interim emergency management director for Bartow County . The motel 's guests are believed safe and workers at the Daiki plant have all been accounted for , he said . Daiki employees hid in a kitchen and bathroom as the tornado snatched the roof off and left much of the plant in ruins . Two workers suffered minor injuries . The driver of a commercial truck that was overturned near Adairsville said the storm "  grew legs and just started accelerating . " He told CNN Atlanta affiliate WGCL he was unscathed . "  There is no way in the world that if you see this debris behind me I should be alive . " The National Weather Service reported major structural damage and overturned cars in downtown Adairsville , where a news crew for CNN affiliate WSB-TV witnessed a tornado form and touch down Wednesday morning . The death came when a building collapsed , Millsap said . 10 deadliest U.S. tornadoes Nine people in Bartow County suffered non-life-threatening injuries , according to the Georgia Emergency Management Agency . The storm caused major damage on and near Interstate 75 , the Georgia Department of Transportation said . The weather service , citing emergency management officials , said dozens of cars had been overturned near Exit 306 at Adairsville . Officials reported up to 100 homes damaged in Bartow and Gordon counties . Georgia emergency officials reported eight injuries in Gordon County , north of Adairsville . Two of the injuries were described as critical . Interactive : Check your forecast "  There have been a number of entrapments , and deputies , firemen and emergency personnel have all been working to free those people , " said Robert Paris , Gordon County 's chief deputy sheriff . "  I do n't believe we have any more trapped at this time . " The tornado struck a subdivision that also was hit by storms in 2011 , Paris said . "  This one appears to be much , much worse . But this was almost the same path . There were some people that had to go through both of them . " Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency for both counties . State officials late Wednesday afternoon said they had no reports of anyone unaccounted for , but searches of homes and businesses were continuing . Trees and power lines were down as the result of a possible tornado in Georgia 's Gilmer County , the weather service said . KFVS : Power outages from storm Utilities reported about 21,000 customers without power in west and north Georgia and metropolitan Atlanta . In Tennessee , a 47-year-old man died early Wednesday when high winds toppled a tree onto a roof in Nashville , the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency said . CNN affiliate WSMV said the victim was in a building next to a home . Other injuries were reported in Chester , McNairy and Henderson counties , emergency management spokesman Jeremy Heidt said . The National Weather Service also reported severe weather or damage Wednesday in Texas , Mississippi and Alabama . Tornadoes were confirmed in Marion County , Kentucky , and Harrison County , Indiana . In the mountains of North Carolina , iReporter Matt Able said most of the roads around Appalachian State in Boone were impassible because of flooding . He sent in video of people driving down U.S. 321 , which was under several inches of water . "  People were driving down the middle of the  four-lane  road to avoid being swept away by the fast-moving water , " he said . WBKO : Tractor trailer flips on I-65 Northern Florida , southeastern Georgia , much of South Carolina and portions of North Carolina , Virginia and Maryland were under a tornado watch Wednesday night . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said the massive storm system was 1,000 miles north to south , moving eastward in a belt that will eventually stretch from New York to Florida . "  If it 's hot and humid where you are , then you are still in the danger zone , " Myers said . The strong cold front causing the severe weather brought huge extremes in temperature readings . Thermometers reached the low 80s in parts of southeast Georgia and South Carolina , the 50s in Tennessee and the 30s in Illinois . WFIE : Storms blow new roof off tri-state church Earlier , in Alabama , the storms blew the metal roof off a building in Sheffield , CNN affiliate WHNT said . The storm also damaged a church steeple in Rogersville , the station reported . In Kentucky , winds blew off much of the roof of the Penrod Missionary Baptist Church and damaged several homes , CNN affiliate WFIE reported . In Nashville , the weather service listed dozens of damage reports across the region : a funnel cloud was reported early Wednesday in Jackson County , there were dozens of reports of downed trees and power lines , and law enforcement reported damage to homes and businesses . CNN affiliate WSMV also reported the partial collapse of an office building in Mount Juliet , Tennessee . "  I built it myself to take an event like this . And it looks like a freight train hit it , " the station quoted building owner Dewey Lineberry as saying . "  It 's just destroyed . It laid the building down on top of cars , it put the building on top of people . It 's unbelievable . " Workers who were inside the building when the storm hit took cover under mattresses , the station said . The storm came dangerously close to WSMV , the station reported : Workers had to move to a safe room when a buzzer in the newsroom alerted them of storm danger around 4 a.m. Wednesday , the station reported . WKRN : Confirmed tornado CNN iReporter Matt Davis said overnight storms damaged a historic brick structure on Fairvue Plantation in Gallatin , Tennessee . "  The plantation was a horse farm . Those  structures  have been standing there for 100 to 200 years . It was sad to see those collapsed and caved in . It 's historic to the neighborhood , " the high school student said . On Tuesday , the storms raked Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi , among other places , with heavy rain and high wind . Photos : Finding art in icy weather CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Ryan Rios and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : Streets flood at college campus in western North Carolina Much of the affected region goes through huge temperature fluctuations A Georgia TV news crew sees tornado form ; damage is reported in Adairsville A Tennessee man dies when a tree falls on his home , emergency managers say
TIME.com  -- Forget brain-training exercises , 12-hour shifts and those long , uninterrupted , caffeine-fueled study binges . When you really need new information to sink in , you ca n't skimp on taking breaks , new research suggests . That 's the message from a study by psychologists and neuroscientists at the University of Edinburgh , in Scotland , who asked a small group of normally aging elderly men and women to recall as many details as possible from two stories they were told . Following one of the stories  but not always the same one for all the participants  , the men and women were instructed to relax , take a brief break and close their eyes for 10 minutes in a dark room . Following the other story , those same participants were instead distracted with a new task , spotting the differences between pairs of nearly identical images . Overall , the study participants remembered many more details of whichever story they heard before they were told to rest -- and their striking memory boost persisted even a full week out after the story-telling . Take heed , students , doctors and anyone else who has to process large amounts of information : the elderly may worry most about memory , but given what we know about how memories form , these new findings have implications for people of all ages . TIME.com : Quizzes help the brain learn Previous research has already shown that both the young and the old have better recall of , say , a list of words if they 're allowed to rest for a few minutes in between learning the words and then regurgitating them . What this latest study adds , however , is evidence that a few minutes of wakeful rest may have an effect even on long-term memory consolidation . In fact , when we first encounter new information , it seems , we are probably "  just at a very early stage of memory formation , " according to Michaela Dewar , the research fellow who is first author on the new study . "  Further neural processes have to occur after this stage for us to be able to remember this information at a later point in time , " she told reporters . Those neural processes do n't have to be consciously planned , however . Research on rats has shown the animals will "  re-play " in their brains the things that have just happened to them -- things like walking through a maze -- if they are given some idle time . Scans of human brains suggest that people do the same thing , and , importantly , that this brain activity occurs automatically , without people having to think about it . The volume of that brain activity is then linked to memory retention later . TIME.com : Want to sharpen your mind ? Drop a few pounds Similarly , there is a growing body of evidence on the crucial role of sleep in memory consolidation . The precise mechanisms are not well understood , but sleep seems important both for "  declarative " memory  remembering facts  and especially for "  procedural " memory -- remembering how to do things , like learning to ride a bike or to play scales on a piano . In fact , it 's even been suggested that sleep 's major role in procedural memory is the reason that infants spend most of their lives asleep ; they need that time , perhaps , to consolidate new memories about how to control their young bodies . TIME.com : Are e-books harder to remember ? But if resting , either while awake or asleep , is so important for memory consolidation , then it 's unfortunate there seem to be so very many distractions everywhere we turn . "  In this day and age of information overload there are few opportunities to sit back and rest , " Dewar and her colleagues write in their new paper , to be published in Psychological Science . Whether at work or at school , to learn new tasks well , it may help to schedule in some genuine down time . This article was originally published on TIME.com To boost memory , shut your eyes and relax & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Researchers in Scotland asked study participants to remember details of two stories Those who shut their eyes for 10 minutes in a dark room remember more than others Memory boost lasted a full week after the study took place
CNN  -- The race-conscious admissions policy at the University of Texas appeared to be in trouble on Wednesday after the conservative Supreme Court majority repeatedly questioned its continued application and effectiveness . The Justices heard oral arguments in an affirmative-action case that explores whether the flagship state university 's admissions practices aimed at creating campus diversity violate the rights of some white applicants . Abigail Noel Fisher sued the school after her application was rejected in 2008 when she was a high school senior in Sugar Land , Texas . Opinion : Keep affirmative action but reform it Fisher claimed the individualized , discretionary admission policies violated her rights , and favored African-American and Hispanic applicants over whites and Asian-Americans . Fisher just missed the opportunity of automatic admission to the main campus at Austin for in-state students finishing in the top 10 % of their high school graduating class . So , she had to compete in a separate pool . It is that selection process that is before the court . The Supreme Court was clearly divided along ideological lines about whether affirmative action essentially has run its social and legal course , and should no longer be used in the way schools like Texas and others have done . Student voices differ on diversity "  You 're trying to gut it , " Justice Sonia Sotomayor said to Fisher 's lawyer about the current legal precedent set in 2003 . She suggested that a university deserves some flexibility to create the kind of diverse campus environment it wants . But Chief Justice John Roberts repeatedly asked , "  What is the ` critical mass ' of African-Americans and Hispanics at the university that you are working toward ? " When the school 's lawyer said there was no specific number , Roberts pressed , "  So how are we supposed to tell whether this plan is narrowly tailored to that goal ? What is the logical end point ? " Justice Anthony Kennedy may prove the deciding or "  swing " vote and could strike a compromise position -- possibly toss out the specific plan in question , while generally preserving the future use of affirmative action in more limited circumstances . The school , with a 52,000-student body , defends its "  holistic " policy of considering race as one of many factors -- including test scores , community service , leadership and work experience . The Obama administration backed the school . "  Everyone competes against everyone else . Race is not a mechanical automatic factor . It 's an holistic individualized consideration , " said U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli . African-Americans in Texas as a whole represent about 12 % of the population , but comprise about 5 % of students at the University of Texas . Much of the discussion during arguments surrounded the definition of "  critical mass " -- how a university can use metrics to determine when it has reached the right mix of minority students to achieve diversity . Justice Stephen Breyer wondered why his colleagues were even debating the issue following 2003 high court ruling that found state universities could narrowly set up admissions policies to consider an applicant 's race . The relevant high court case from nine years ago dealt with the University of Michigan 's admission programs . The issue was divisive , with Justice Sandra Day O'Connor the swing vote upholding the law school 's admissions criteria . O'Connor , who is no longer on the bench , predicted affirmative action would no longer be needed in 25 years , offering a gentle push to institutions to keep that timeline in mind . Nearly a decade later , however , the newly-configured court may be poised to issue a more dramatic statement on the use of race . The Texas school modified its admission policy to include race as one factor shortly after the 2003 . The court 's more conservative members seized the initiative during arguments . Roberts questioned how schools were to measure classroom diversity among students who come from mixed race families . Justice Samuel Alito suggested it was unfair to place Asian-Americans into one group , when they come from a wide range of cultures -- Filipinos , Chinese , and Afghans among them . "  I thought that the whole purpose of affirmative action was to help students who come from underprivileged backgrounds , but you make a very different argument that I do n't think I 've ever seen before , " he told Gregory Garre , representing the school . Garre said the school wants minorities from different backgrounds . "  We go out of our way to recruit minorities from disadvantaged backgrounds , " he said . Kennedy jumped in . "  So what you 're saying is that what counts is race above all , " he said . "  You want underprivileged of a certain race and privileged of a certain race . So that 's race . " Kennedy added later : "  I thought that the whole point is that sometimes race has to be a tie-breaker and you are saying that it is n't . Well , then , we should just go away . Then we should just say you ca n't use race , do n't worry about it . " The young woman who is challenging affirmative action Fisher graduated this year from Louisiana State University . A ruling is not likely before early next year . The current case is Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin  11-345  . Should affirmative action still exist ? Share your thoughts on CNN iReport	NEW : Justices raise previous affirmative action case , wonder aloud why they 're hearing new one NEW : Conservative justices seize initiative in arguments on application of race-conscious policy University of Texas sued by student who was rejected for admission
CNN  -- Celebrity chef Paula Deen , facing allegations of racism that have caused parts of her empire to crumble , slammed what she called "  horrible , horrible lies " about her in an emotional , nationally televised interview Wednesday . "  I believe that every creature on this Earth , every one of God 's creatures , was created equal , " she told NBC 's "  Today " show . " ... I believe that everyone ought to be treated equal . " Deen was raised to never be unkind to anyone , she said . "  I 've had to hold friends in my arms while they 've sobbed , " Deen said , crying . "  Because they know what 's being said about me -- it 's not true . And I 'm having to comfort them , and tell them it 's going to be all right . If God got us to it , he 'll get us through it . " The accusations against Deen stem from a lawsuit filed by a former manager of Deen 's restaurants in Savannah , Georgia . Lisa T. Jackson 's lawsuit alleges that Deen and her brother , Bubba Hier , committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of Jackson 's five-year tenure at Deen 's Lady & Sons and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House eateries in Savannah . Deen rejects the allegations . Anne Rice defends Paula Deen "  There 's someone evil out there that saw what I had worked for and they wanted it , " Deen told NBC on Wednesday , without naming anyone . In a deposition for the lawsuit , Deen was asked whether she had ever used the "  N-word . " Deen answered that she had probably used the racial slur when talking to her husband about "  when a black man burst into the bank that I was working at and put a gun to my head " -- an incident that took place 30 years ago . Opinion : Half-baked apology is recipe for racial indigestion In the "  Today " interview , she gave more details about that incident . The man holding the gun was someone she knew , she said . "  I had gone out on a limb for him and gotten him a loan and he was frightened that I was going to recognize him . " In the deposition , Deen was asked whether she had used the word at any other times since . She responded , "  I 'm sure I have , but it 's been a very long time . " She added that she may have uttered the word in repeating a conversation that took place between black people . Transcript of Paula Deen 's deposition In fact , she told NBC , "  It 's very distressing for me to go into my kitchens and I hear what these young people are calling each other . ... Because I think for this problem to be worked on , that these young people are going to have to take control and start showing respect for each other and not throwing that word at each other . It makes my skin crawl . " Jackson 's lawsuit also claims Deen wanted to plan a party in the style of a Southern plantation , staffed with black waiters dressed to resemble slaves . In her deposition , Deen said she was speaking of an experience she had had in which the wait staff was composed of black men in white jackets and bow ties , and that she had said she would love for Hier to "  experience a very Southern style wedding " such as that . Paula Deen 's sons : She 's no racist "  I did not mean anything derogatory by saying I loved their look and their professionalism , " she added . Amid the firestorm , The Food Network dropped Deen , as did Smithfield Foods , one of her key sponsors . And in another blow , Caesars Entertainment Corp. said Wednesday that it will be ending its relationship with her . There are questions now over whether other businesses , including QVC and Walmart , may cut ties with the star of Southern cooking . Caesars operates Deen-themed restaurants at four of its casinos : Horseshoe Southern Indiana , Harrah 's Tunica in Mississippi , Harrah 's Joliet in Illinois and Harrah 's Cherokee in North Carolina . Deen said she 's thankful that other sponsors have stood by her . Deen and Southern food : Critics say credit is past due Many fans have flocked to her restaurants in support of Deen . And advance orders for her new cookbook have surged . Deen said she 's "  distressed " that people whom she 's never heard of are appearing in the media as "  experts on who I am . " Asked whether she regrets telling the truth in the deposition , Deen answered , "  No . Because there 's a couple of kinds of people that I do n't like , that I am prejudiced against : ... thieves and liars . " "  If there 's anyone out there that has never said something that they wish they could take back , if you 're out there , please pick up that stone and throw it so hard at my head that it kills me , " she said tearfully . "  Please -- I want to meet you . " Paula Deen : From the frying pan to the firestorm	NEW : Caesars Entertainment Corp. says it will be ending its relationship with Paula Deen Deen : "  I believe that everyone ought to be treated equal " Someone "  evil " is trying to take what she 's worked for , she says She testified she may have used N-word in repeating talk between black people
CNN  In this brave , forever-new world of social media , the minutiae of daily life can be documented for public consumption with the tap of a finger . For many , that includes pictures of what they 're consuming on a daily basis , from their morning latte to their evening glass of wine and every Cronut in between . Immortalizing food imagery is certainly not a new phenomenon , though the mediums in which to do so have come a long way from canvases to smartphones . During the Renaissance era , food often appeared in popular works of art by way of still-life paintings , and painter Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio is often heralded for elevating the seemingly simplistic genre with dramatic lighting , angles and imperfections . Photographer Rebecca Ruetten was inspired by the "  eroticism , presentation and charisma " of these paintings by Caravaggio and artists like Luis Melendez , Diego Velazquez and Pieter Claesz , so she decided to approach a distinctly modern phenomenon -- fast food -- in the Renaissance-era style . "  Fast food is created to attract , but everybody knows the food they order will -- in the end -- never look like the food in the advertisement 's photo , " Ruetten said . In her series "  Contemporary Pieces , " she theatrically lights meals of Taco Bell , KFC , McDonald 's , Panda Express and donuts , while models pose with hot dogs , marshmallows , ice cream and pizza . Ruetten sees fast food as a symbol of class divide , much like Caravaggio unconventionally relied on lower classes of Roma people , laborers and even prostitutes to pose for many of his works . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  To eat healthy is expensive , " Ruetten said . "  However , one can buy large amounts of food at a fast-food restaurant for a comparatively low price . " Ruetten said she was inspired by Caraveggio 's atypical models and asked her "  punk and hippie " friends with visible tattoos and piercings to take part . "  It underlines the concept that they are ` children of the modern age , ' having been brought up in the changing America , often defined by the culture of fast food , " Ruetten said . And in an interesting twist of fate , Ruetten said , most of her subjects avoid the exact type of food they were photographed with . "  To them , the food becomes a non-edible object and loses its value as being considered food , " she said . Rebecca Ruetten is a photographer who also works under the pseudonym Becky Fuchs . You can follow her on Instagram or Tumblr .	Rebecca Ruetten photographed fast food as social commentary about class divide She modeled her photographs after Renaissance paintings Her style was influenced by painter Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A handful of people rallied outside the Japanese Embassy on Saturday to show support for an American man who is jailed in Japan , accused of trying to kidnap his own children . Amy Savoie calls on Japan to release her husband during a rally outside the Japanese Embassy in Washington . During the demonstration , Christopher Savoie 's wife , Amy , along with others from the Children 's Rights Council of Japan -- a group that advocates visitation for both parents in divorce cases , and which organized Saturday 's event -- called for Savoie 's release . "  It makes me feel wonderful to know that these people are calling him a hero , saying he 's brave , and I just hope he can come home and say thank you to all these people who 've supported him , " Amy Savoie told CNN . Christopher Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , allegedly abducted his two children -- 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca -- as his ex-wife walked them to school Monday in a rural town in southern Japan , police in Japan said . With the children , Savoie headed for the nearest U.S. consulate in the city of Fukuoka to try to obtain passports for them , screaming at guards to let him in the compound . Savoie was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when Japanese police arrested him . Amy Savoie said the separation is taking a toll on her . "  I just wish I could talk to him , but I am forced to live with the fact that I ca n't talk to him . So I have to soothe myself and comfort myself with what he would say right now , and I just hope he 's doing well , " she said . Christopher Savoie and his first wife , Noriko Savoie , were married for 14 years before their divorce in January . The couple , both citizens of the United States and Japan , had lived in Japan but moved to the United States before the divorce . Noriko Savoie was given custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States . Christopher Savoie had visitation rights . During the summer , she fled with the children to Japan , according to court documents . A U.S. court than granted Christopher Savoie sole custody . Japanese law , however , recognizes Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian . The law there also follows a tradition of sole-custody divorces . When the couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children . Complicating the matter further is the fact that the couple still are considered married in Japan because they never divorced there , police said Wednesday . And , police said , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports . A 1980 Hague Convention standardized laws on international child abduction , but Japan is not a party to that agreement . If a child in Japan is taken against the wishes of the recognized Japanese parent , Japanese law considers the person who took the child an abductor . Christopher Savoie will be jailed for at least 10 days while Japanese prosecutors sort out details of the case .	Christopher Savoie 's wife , Amy : "  I just wish I could talk to him " Savoie in jail in Japan after trying to get kids back from his ex-wife Japanese custom , law on custody differ sharply from those in U.S.
OK , at this point , who does n't have a music streaming service ? According to a new report , Amazon will be entering the crowded field this summer , joining such rivals as Google , Microsoft and Apple in trying to find new , profitable ways for digital users to get their tunes . The company plans to make on-demand music streaming available as part of its Prime service by June or July , according to BuzzFeed , which cited five unnamed music-industry sources in its report . Prime will , at least initially , restrict its music offerings to songs and albums that are at least 6 months old , according to the report . Even with a $ 20 price increase in March that bumped its annual cost to $ 99 , many users already considered Amazon Prime one of the Web 's best bargains . For $ 8.25 per month , members get two-day shipping on many purchases and the ability to borrow Kindle books and watch streaming movies and TV shows for free . Before March , the price of Prime had n't changed since it debuted nine years ago . Free music streaming would be one more reason for people to sign up and , perhaps more important to Amazon , would keep them in the company 's corner of the Internet , where spending money is always just a click away . The move comes as consumer tastes are veering sharply in the direction of streaming as opposed to outright purchases . Digital music sales were down roughly 13 % in the first quarter of this month , according to Nielsen . Meanwhile , revenues for subscription streaming services were up 51 % in 2013 . The market is led by Pandora , the Internet radio service that 's the most popular music-streaming platform in the United States , and Spotify , an on-demand service that has a large following in Europe . But Web heavyweights are muscling into their turf as well . Google Play , Microsoft 's Xbox Music and Apple 's iTunes Radio all offer free streaming or monthly subscription plans . And this week , Apple confirmed plans to buy Beats Electronics and Beats Music . Much of the focus has been on Apple 's pickup of the trendy headphones that millions already use with their iPods and iPhones . But Apple also gets a music-streaming service that , although it has only about 500,000 users so far , has been praised by critics for a suggestion engine that combines a complex algorithm with human curation . Amazon did not immediately respond to messages seeing comment for this report . Opinion : A remedy for Amazon-Hachette fight ?	Amazon will offer free music-streaming on its Prime service , report says Service would be available by next month but limited to older songs Amazon would join Apple , Google , others in crowded streaming-music field
CNN  -- Actor Tracy Morgan agreed to return to Nashville next week to apologize to people who heard his anti-gay rant during a recent stand-up comedy show , a pro-gay rights group said Monday . Morgan released a written apology last Friday , but he followed up Monday morning with a phone call to the president and staff of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD . By the end of the call , Morgan had agreed to go back to Nashville with GLAAD staffers to deliver a face-to-face apology to people who were in the Ryman Auditorium and to work with the Tennessee Equality Project , GLAAD said . "  By not only apologizing , but sending a message of support for gay and transgender people , Tracy will help many realize that no one should be treated differently or subjected to violence , " GLAAD President Jarrett Barrios said . Morgan is a star of the hit NBC sitcom "  30 Rock " and a "  Saturday Night Live " veteran . Details of Morgan 's anti-gay remarks , delivered during a June 3 show , emerged last week when an audience member posted them on a Facebook blog , which was picked up by Jezebel magazine . The blog , titled "  Why I No Longer ` Like ' Tracy Morgan , " said the comic said gays should "  not be whining about something as insignificant as bullying . " "  He mentioned that gay was something kids learn from the media and programming , and that bullied kids should just bust some ass and beat those other little f**ker s that bully them , not whine about it , " Kevin Rogers wrote . Morgan said that if his own son told him he was gay , he would "  pull out a knife and stab " him , Rogers wrote . "  The sad thing is that none of this rant was a joke , " Rogers wrote . "  His entire demeanor changed during that portion of the night . He was truly filled with some hate towards us . " GLAAD released a portion of the transcript of their call with Morgan Monday . "  I know how bad bullying can hurt , " Morgan told GLAAD . "  I was bullied when I was a kid . I 'm sorry for what I said . I did n't mean it . I never want to use my comedy to hurt anyone . " Morgan said his family "  knew what it was like to feel different . " "  My brother was disabled and I lost my father to AIDS in 1987 , " he said . "  My Dad was n't gay , but I also learned about homophobia then because of how people treated people who were sick with that . " "  Parents should support and love their kids no matter what , " Morgan said . "  Gay people deserve the same right to be happy in this country as everyone else . Our laws should support that . I hope that my fans -- gay , straight , whatever -- forgive and I hope my family forgives me for this . " Morgan will also deliver his new message in New York before his Nashville trip , GLAAD said . He will meet with gay , lesbian and transsexual teens "  who were shunned or left homeless by their parents , as well as parents who lost their children to anti-LGBT hate crimes , " GLAAD said . He will also agreed to record a public service announcement for GLAAD 's upcoming "  Amplify Your Voice " campaign , the group said . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Tracy Morgan talked to GLAAD staffers by phone Monday Morgan agreed to help GLAAD in its anti-bullying campaign , the group says He will fly to Nashville next week to personally apologize to offended audience members
CNN  -- The Constitution says that only "  natural born citizens " are eligible to be president . Is Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas eligible , given that he was born in Canada of a U.S. citizen mother and a Cuban immigrant father ? If Cruz runs , 2016 will be the third consecutive election in which there were questions about the right of a major party candidate to serve . Unfortunately , the Framers left few clues about exactly what a "  natural born citizen " is ; Congress has not used the phrase in citizenship statutes since 1790 . Indeed , the phrase is so obscure that it has been called the Constitution 's worst provision by the dean of the Yale Law School . But it is likely that Cruz is a natural born citizen , because he was a citizen by birth . In any event , even if there were some question , the courts are unlikely to interfere with the decisions of the electorate about who we want as our president . We have clear rules for who is a citizen by birth , and who can become a citizen after birth by naturalization , but neither the Constitution nor laws passed by Congress define "  natural born citizen . " The phrase comes from the English common law , which defined the term as including anyone who , by natural law , owed duties to , and was protected by , the monarch . The sovereign expected obedience from anyone born in the country , other than the child of a foreign diplomat or an enemy soldier . So children born in England , even to parents who were not English themselves , were natural born subjects . As such they were obligated to pay taxes , say , or perform military service , and they had the rights of English people . The word "  natural " was critical . English courts found that some people were naturally subjects if born in the dominion of the sovereign even if Parliament had passed no law making them such . Simply being born naturally created rights and duties . Politics : Who is eligible to run for president ? The United States had natural citizenship in this same sense ; white people born in the United States were always regarded as citizens , even before the Fourteenth Amendment , passed in 1868 , put that principle in the Constitution and extended it to African-Americans . Clearly , those born in the United States are eligible to be president ; if they are not , no one is . There is also wide agreement that people who became citizens after birth , such as former governors Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jennifer Granholm , can not run . Naturalized citizens are ineligible , no matter how able and popular , no matter how loyal and integrated into American society . The question about eligibility has always been with regard to children of U.S. citizens born overseas , like Ted Cruz , and Republican presidential candidates John McCain and George Romney before him . The Supreme Court has held that foreign-born children are U.S. citizens only to the extent that a law passed by Congress makes them so . As the child of a U.S. citizen mother , Ted Cruz was born a citizen by virtue of the Immigration and Nationality Act . But did that make him a natural born citizen ? The United States has citizens , not subjects ; we are a nation of free people , not ruled by a hereditary sovereign . Therefore , the English concept does not translate directly to the American context . Instead , the question is who is a natural member of the political community . Most immigration and citizenship scholars , including me , believe that the answer is that any person who is a U.S. citizen at birth is naturally a part of the political community and hence eligible to be president .  I argued that John McCain was not eligible , because the statute granting citizenship to people born in the Canal Zone was passed only after he was born ; since he was not a citizen at birth , he could not be a natural born citizen . There is a far-fetched counterargument , that only those who have citizenship by natural right , those born in the United States -- and perhaps only white people born in the United States -- are truly natural-born because only they are citizens without some law like the Immigration and Nationality Act or a constitutional amendment like the Fourteenth Amendment making them so . All others , who are granted citizenship because of some action by Congress , are mere naturalized citizens . This argument seems wrong to most scholars . But whatever its merits , it is not likely to be tested in court . Judges appropriately hesitate to overrule the democratic process . If Cruz runs and is challenged , the courts will almost certainly rule that a random voter has no standing to challenge his candidacy . Other candidates are not likely to sue , but rather will focus on trying to win the election . Judges will recognize that , at bottom , it is hard to find a legitimate reason that Ted Cruz or any other person in his situation should be denied the presidency if the people of the United States want him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gabriel "  Jack " Chin .	Sen. Ted Cruz was born in Canada of a U.S. citizen mother and Cuban immigrant father Gabriel "  Jack " Chin says Constitution is vague on the exact standards to run for president Chin says requirement to be a "  natural born citizen " is not totally clear He says most scholars think Cruz is eligible , and courts likely would n't bar him
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain announced Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his vice presidential candidate Friday , calling her "  the running mate who can best help me shake up Washington . " "  She 's exactly who this country needs to help me fight the same old Washington politics of me first and country second , " the presumptive Republican nominee said at a Dayton , Ohio , rally of about 15,000 supporters , who welcomed the surprise pick of the relatively unknown politician with cheers and flags . "  She 's got the grit , integrity , good sense and fierce devotion to the common good that is exactly what we need in Washington today , " McCain said . Palin , 44 , described herself as a fighter against corruption and a bipartisan reformer in her first appearance as a candidate for vice president , an office she said she never expected to seek . "  I was just your average hockey mom in Alaska " before getting involved in politics , she said . "  When I found corruption there , I fought it hard and brought the offenders to account . " Palin told the crowd , "  To have been chosen brings a great challenge . I know that it will demand the best that I have to give , and I promise nothing less . " Watch Palin say she 's honored to be picked " Palin is a first-term governor who unseated incumbent Gov. Frank Murkowski in the Republican primary in 2006 and went on to defeat former Gov. Tony Knowles , a Democrat , in the general election . Campaigning for governor , she described herself as a "  conservative Republican , a firm believer in free-market capitalism " and "  a lifelong Alaskan who grew up hunting and fishing . " She boasted of eliminating taxes as mayor in her hometown of Wasilla , Alaska . She also was a City Council member in the town and was chairwoman of Alaska 's Oil and Gas Conservation Commission , which regulates oil and gas resources . Palin will be the first woman to be nominated for vice president as a Republican and only the second to run for vice president on a major party ticket , after Democrat Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 . Palin also will be the first Alaskan to be on the ticket of either party . She described herself Friday as "  commander in chief of the Alaska National Guard " and noted that her oldest son , Track , is a U.S. soldier scheduled to deploy soon to Iraq . But there also are aspects of her biography that make her unusual for a Republican candidate . McCain introduced her as a former union member and the wife of a union member , a nod to Ohio 's strong organized-labor culture . iReport.com : What do you think of McCain 's VP pick ? Palin made her name in part by backing tough ethical standards for politicians . During the first legislative session after her election as governor , her administration passed a state ethics law overhaul . Nevertheless , she is under investigation for her firing of a state official , Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan . She has been instructed to hand over documents and recordings of telephone conversations as part of the inquiry , which grew out of allegations that she sacked Monegan for refusing to fire her former brother-in-law from the state police . She has denied wrongdoing . But Palin acknowledged that a member of her staff made a call to a trooper in which the staffer suggested that he was speaking for the governor . Palin has admitted that the call could be interpreted as pressure to fire state trooper Mike Wooten , who was locked in a child-custody battle with Palin 's sister . She suspended the staffer who made the call . McCain apparently is making a concerted effort to reach out to former supporters of Sen. Hillary Clinton who may be unhappy with the choice of Sen. Barack Obama as the Democratic nominee . Watch McCain praise Palin " "  Hillary left 18 million cracks in the highest , hardest glass ceiling in America . But it turns out the women of America are n't finished yet , and we can shatter that glass ceiling once and for all , " Palin said in her speech . The remark brought a mixed reaction from the Republican crowd ; some women cheered , but there was also some low-pitched groaning and booing . Democratic leaders , including the party 's presidential nominee Barack Obama and Sen. Hillary Clinton , also issued mixed reactions to Palin 's announcement . "  We should all be proud of Gov. Sarah Palin 's historic nomination , and I congratulate her and Sen. McCain . While their policies would take America in the wrong direction , Gov. Palin will add an important new voice to the debate , " Clinton said . "  Ultimately John McCain is at the top of the ticket . As I indicated in my speech last night , I think that he wants to take the country in the wrong direction . I 'm assuming Gov. Palin agrees with him in in his policies , " said Obama , who called Palin later in the day to congratulate her . "  But the fact that she 's been nominated , I think , or will soon be nominated , I think is one more indicator of this country moving forward , " said Obama . "  I congratulate her and look forward to a vigorous debate . " His campaign issued a more pointed response . "  Today , John McCain put the former mayor of a town of 9,000 with zero foreign policy experience a heartbeat away from the presidency . Gov. Palin shares John McCain 's commitment to overturning Roe v. Wade , the agenda of Big Oil and continuing George Bush 's failed economic policies . That 's not the change we need ; it 's just more of the same , " Obama spokeswoman Adrianne March said . Rep. Thad McCotter , a Michigan Republican , said Palin has more executive experience than the entire Democratic ticket . Most of the speculation about McCain 's choice had focused on former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Sen. Joseph Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut and 2000 Democratic vice presidential nominee . Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas also had been mentioned as a possible long shot if McCain were to seek a woman . Palin is the youngest person elected governor of Alaska and the first woman to hold the job . iReport.com : McCain 's pick called "  a stroke of genius " She was dubbed "  Sarah Barracuda " by opponents when she was mayor in Wasilla , resurrecting a nickname she earned as a state champion high school basketball player , according to the Almanac of American Politics . She is married to Todd Palin , an oil production operator on Alaska 's North Slope . They have five children . Her youngest , Trig , was diagnosed in utero with Down syndrome . Palin has focused on energy policy during her short stint in office , and she is known for her support of drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , a position McCain opposes but many grassroots Republicans support .	Sen. John McCain praises Gov. Sarah Palin 's "  grit , integrity , good sense " Palin , 44 , has been governor of Alaska since 2006 Before becoming governor , Palin was mayor and council member of a small town Palin known for backing tough ethical standards , focus on energy , natural resources
London  CNN  One of the most successful businessmen of all time , Henry Ford , once said : "  Whether you think you can , or think you ca n't -- you are right . " The implication is that your mind is a powerful tool -- if not the most powerful tool -- in securing your success . So , how do you begin to leverage that power ? "  Goal setting is possibly the most powerful skill a person can have , " says Brian Mayne , author of "  Goal Mapping . " "  The key is to command your subconscious . It is like your own personal navigation or satellite system . " Research tells us that the subconscious might indeed be a powerful partner . According to a study by former Stanford cell biologist Bruce Lipton , the conscious mind can process roughly 40 bits of data per second , while the subconscious mind can process over 40 million per second . Studies also show that if you plant a goal in your awareness -- your subconscious will keep you working towards it -- even without you being aware that you are doing so . Read more : Is a wandering mind a creative mind ? Essentially , your conscious mind can be compared to the front screen of your computer , while the subconscious is like the internal control program that runs the show , says Mayne . The trouble of course , is that we generally have no clue what 's going on behind the scenes of our consciousness -- let alone how to direct it . Get out the crayons One way to start taking charge of your subconscious , says Mayne , is to get out the crayons . "  Typical goal setting involves only words , and words have limited power on the subconscious . " "  Drawing up a map of your goal does two things , " he says . It engages both the analytical and creative side of the brain -- creating more clarity and more access to the subconscious . " Putting a box of crayons in front of leaders and asking them to draw a picture , may seem a rather bold move . But , the reviews are impressive . Brian Mayne 's 7 Steps to Goal Mapping Step 1 : DREAM : What do you want to achieve Step 2 : ORDER : Which goals take priority Step 3 : DRAW : Communicate your goals to your subconscious Step 4 : WHY : Identify your emotional drivers Step 5 : WHEN : Define your timeline Step 6 : HOW : What are the actions you will need to take Step 7 : WHO : Choose the people or organizations that can support you Mayne 's creative-analytical approach has been picked up by companies and school systems around the world . British Telecom uses goal mapping with new employees and in performance reviews . Read more : Why we all have creative powers Microsoft 's United Kingdom division had their best results ever , the year they were introduced to goal mapping . "  We got a lot of credit for that , " says Mayne , "  and they then asked us to duplicate it in an online program , which they have used with 65,000 of their people around the world . " The process , he says , is similar to the use of visualization in sports -- where the technique is well-known and well documented . But drawing , he says , can be especially helpful to people who have a harder time visualizing . "  Science tells us again and again , that athletes who visualize sinking the putt or getting it in the hoop do a better job , " says Frank Niles , Ph.D. , social scientist and managing partner of Scholar Executive Group . "  Those moments when you think about an experience and get excited about it -- what happens to your pupils , your skin , your breathing -- that is exactly what visualization does . It primes you to act . You are basically tricking your brain into thinking you are an expert already . " World kickboxing champion Katalin Konya , says mapping out her goal , helped her to win the championship . "  It is hard to explain what it does , but it gives me a feeling of ` yes , I can do it , ' and ` yes I can achieve it . ' I usually explain it as a bridge between my dreams and my reality . " Konya did n't just draw her way to a kickboxing championship -- just like you probably wo n't dream your way to a senior VP position . The steps to success Effective goal setting involves planning , practice , and action . "  You can visualize the mountain peak , but if you do n't know how to get there , you wont get there , " says Niles . "  The difference is known as process versus outcome visualization . Break the goal down into small steps , and that basically sums up what science tells us about how visualization works , " he says . And that may be why goal mapping is so effective . In one study , University of California researchers had a group of students visualize doing well in an exam , and another group visualizing taking the necessary steps to reach the goal . The results were clear in favor of the group who visualized studying , reading and gaining required skills and knowledge . They not only did better , but spent longer preparing , focused more attention on the steps needed to reach the goal , and reduced anxiety in the process . "  Goal settting is a science , " says Mayne . "  A lot of people think goal setting is something you do once per year , around sports . But we should all be setting goals for ourselves all the time . " Nothing 's impossible Mayne 's first goal ? Learning how to read at 29 . Read more : The power of positive thought "  I grew up in a traveling family , and never really went to school , " he says . At the age of 30 , having just learned to read -- his passion for learning and teaching people how to set goals , took off . So , whatever your goal , you may want to get out the crayons , and convince your subconscious you 've got what it takes . Because whether you think you can or think you ca n't -- you may be right . Brian 's 7-step process is available for free at : goalmappingonline.com Doodling in a meeting ? Maybe you 're just drawing inspiration Noreena Hertz : Do n't get stuck in your own success Can wearable technology boost productivity ?	Goal setting can help you achieve your dreams effectively , says Brian Mayne Mayne is author of "  Goal Mapping , " a system to help people visualize goals Visualization is an approach championed by successful athletes across the world All you need to get started with Goal Mapping is some paper and crayons !
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli military 's firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the Gaza offensive "  was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes , " Human Rights Watch  HRW  said in a report on Wednesday . Human Rights Watch says Israel used white phosphorus shells over populated areas in Gaza . "  In Gaza , the Israeli military did n't just use white phosphorus in open areas as a screen for its troops , " said Fred Abrahams , a HRW senior emergencies researcher . "  It fired white phosphorus repeatedly over densely populated areas , even when its troops were n't in the area and safer smoke shells were available . As a result , civilians needlessly suffered and died . " Entitled "  Rain of Fire : Israel 's Unlawful Use of White Phosphorus in Gaza , " the 71-page report provides "  witness accounts " and "  presents ballistics evidence , photographs , and satellite imagery , as well as documents from the Israeli military and government . " HRW is an independent international organization dedicated to defending and protecting human rights . The group urged Israel and the United States to investigate the attacks . Israel should prosecute those who carried them out and the U.S. government , which supplied Israel , should look into the issue . HRW said white phosphorous was a chemical substance dispersed in artillery shells , bombs and rockets , used primarily to obscure military operations . "  While  it is not considered a chemical weapon and is not banned per se , it ignites and burns on contact with oxygen and creates a smokescreen at night or during the day to mask the visual movement of troops . "  It also interferes with infra-red optics and weapon-tracking systems , thus protecting military forces from guided weapons such as anti-tank missiles . When WP comes into contact with people or objects , though , it creates an intense and persistent burn . It can also be used as a weapon against military targets , " the group said . In response , the Israeli military said "  smoke shells are not an incendiary weapon " and defended its actions . The Israel Defense Forces said it was close to completing its probe into "  the use of ammunition containing elements of phosphorous . " "  The invesitgation  is dealing with the use of ammunition containing elements of phosphorous , including , among others , the 155mm smoke shells which were referred to in the HRW report . This type of ammunition disperses in the atmosphere and creates an effective smoke screen . It is used by many Western armies . "  It is already possible to conclude that the IDF 's use of smoke shells was in accordance with international law . These shells were used for specific operational needs only and in accord with international humanitarian law . The claim that smoke shells were used indiscriminately , or to threaten the civilian population , is baseless , " the IDF said . It said "  that weapons intended for screening are not classed as incendiary weapons . " But Abrahams said past IDF investigations into allegations of wrongdoing suggest their inquiry would be neither thorough nor impartial . "  That 's why an international investigation is required into serious laws of war violations by all parties . "  For the needless civilian deaths caused by white phosphorus , senior commanders should be held to account , " Abrahams said . The report said white phosphorus munitions were n't illegal when deployed properly in open areas , but it determined that the IDF repeatedly used them "  unlawfully over populated neighborhoods , killing and wounding civilians and damaging civilian structures , including a school , a market , a humanitarian aid warehouse and a hospital . " "  First , the repeated use of air-burst white phosphorus in populated areas until the last days of the operation reveals a pattern or policy of conduct rather than incidental or accidental usage . Second , the IDF was well aware of the effects of white phosphorus and the dangers it poses to civilians . Third , the IDF failed to use safer available alternatives for smokescreens , " the report said . A medical report prepared during the recent hostilities by the Israeli Health Ministry said that white phosphorus "  can cause serious injury and death when it comes into contact with the skin , is inhaled or is swallowed . " The report said that the IDF could have used a non-lethal smoke shells produced by an Israeli company if it wanted to provide a "  smokescreen " for its troops . Israel launched the offensive in late December to take on militants from Hamas , who had been shelling southern Israeli communities for months from Gaza . The offensive , called Operation Cast Lead , was launched December 27 and ended January 17 with a cease-fire . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children and 114 women , a U.N. report recently said . The 13 Israelis killed included three civilians and six soldiers killed by Hamas , and four soldiers killed by friendly fire , it said . HRW also said it found no evidence that the Hamas militants Israel was targeting in Gaza were using human shields "  in the vicinity at the time of the attacks . " Israel has said Hamas militants used civilians as human shields and fought from civilian locations , HRW points out . "  In some areas Palestinian fighters appear to have been present , but this does not justify the indiscriminate use of white phosphorus in a populated area . "	Israel 's use of phosphorus shells over during Gaza offensive "  indiscriminate " Human Rights Watch says shelling "  evidence of war crimes " Group says phosphorus shells cause an "  intense and persistent burn "
Ever wished you could clamber aboard your cumbersome luggage to zoom down a hill or coast through an airport ? Driven by the same desire , Slovenian frequent flier Bostjan Zagar has come up with the answer -- a foot-powered scooter-suitcase known as Olaf . "  The idea comes from having to catch the next connection flight in three minutes when the gate is on the other side of the world and you need to move faster than those moving walkways , " Zagar tells CNN . Disappointed with available luggage solutions to this problem , Zagar used his background as an automotive engineer and his time waiting for flights to sketch up an alternative . Now , after three years of "  testing , testing , testing , " and a soon-to-finish fundraising campaign on Kickstarter , the Olaf is ready to hit the streets . It 's available in three models : an airline-approved carry-on suitcase with a built-in kick scooter ; a backpack with kick scooter and a kick scooter that can carry another bag . All three feature wheely suitcase-style collapsible handles and can double up as a hand trolleys . ` Hardcore engineering ' Zagar , who describes himself as a "  hardcore engineering guy , " says he grew up preferring scooters to skateboards because he liked being able to control the speed . Needless to say , his suitcase scooters are all fitted with brakes . Even with this sensible feature , Zagar says travelers in some parts of the world may be wary to step aboard . "  What we learned is the typical reaction in Europe was ` oh cool , I want to have one , but how will I look ? People are staring at me . ' "  This is the problem in Europe , people do n't want to stand out from the crowd . For sure , it 's not for the shy ones . " Olaf clearly has considerable appeal though . With the final hours ticking down , Ljubljana-based Olaf 's Kickstarter campaign has raised well in excess of its $ 27,000 target . The scooter-suitcase , it seems , is already on a roll .	Slovenian frequent flier Bostjan Zagar 's Olaf suitcase can also be ridden as a scooter Zagar has raised investment in his concept via the Kickstarter funding platform Olaf comes in three models : Business , Urban and a flexible version that can carry a variety of bags
CNN  -- Lucia Whalen strolled down a sidewalk near Harvard University , enjoying a lunchtime ritual she 'd repeated many times in her 15 years working in Cambridge , Massachusetts . But on this day , July 16 , her outing would become something else altogether -- the first steps in a national drama . President Obama has invited police Sgt. James Crowley and Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates for beer . An older woman approached Whalen , worried that she 'd just witnessed two men breaking into a home . That 's when Whalen , a first-generation Portuguese-American , called 911 from her cell phone -- alerting police to 17 Ware St. -- the home , as it turns out , of renowned Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. . Whalen 's call -- now clearly the well-intentioned act of a passerby -- ignited a firestorm over race and police relations , a national debate that went all the way to the White House . It was a call she says she never expected to be "  analyzed by an entire nation . " Gates was arrested by Cambridge police Sgt. James Crowley for disorderly conduct , a charge that was later dropped . Exactly what happened inside Gates ' home may never be known , but it seems clear that the key players in this saga brought their own personal history with race to the moment . That was true of Gates and Crowley , as well as the nation 's first African-American president . All three will meet for a beer today at the White House to help chill the furor over Gates ' arrest and , in Obama 's words , try to turn the events of the past two weeks into a "  teachable moment . " "  White woman " targeted It 's a bit ironic , said Whalen 's attorney Wendy Murphy , that the three people who "  reacted badly " will sit down together while the "  one person who did not overreact " will be at work Thursday . "  Maybe it 's a guy thing , " Murphy said , adding of Whalen : "  She does n't like beer anyway . " Watch Whalen describe "  painful " criticism " Gates ' arrest sparked heated rhetoric on TV , radio and the Internet . Initially , it seemed to break down along racial lines : African-Americans saw it as racial profiling by a white officer . Whites asked why the acclaimed scholar on black history did n't just show his ID to Crowley at the outset . Was n't the officer just doing his job ? Even Whalen , the Good Samaritan , got smeared in the initial response . The police report identifying her as a "  white woman " resulted in a torrent of accusations that she racially profiled Gates and his driver when she first called 911 . But a review of the call showed she never identified the suspects as "  black " -- and even told a police dispatcher she was n't sure it was a break-in . "  The criticism at first was so painful for me . ... I was frankly afraid to say anything , " Whalen said Wednesday , fighting back tears . "  People called me racist and said I caused all the turmoil that followed , and some even said threatening things that made me fear for my safety . " Whalen is sensitive to the issue of racial profiling , because of her own olive-skinned complexion , her attorney said . Two men ; two views Inside 17 Ware St. , Gates and Crowley exchanged words as the officer sought to determine whether Gates belonged in the home . Each blamed the other for a situation that escalated ; each felt the other brought prejudices to the moment . Both had personal experience with racial profiling . iReport : Racial profiling , from both sides Long before his acclaim as a scholar of black history , Gates had faced the prejudice of a white man . Gates was just 14 , and had suffered a hairline fracture in his hip . "  The white doctor who examined Gates shortly afterward questioned the boy about his injury as well as his career plans . When the young Gates replied that he wanted to be a doctor and then correctly answered many questions about science , the doctor made his diagnosis , " according to a biography of Gates posted on Gale , an online research tool . "  He told Gates to stand and walk , and the young boy fell to the floor in intense pain . The doctor then turned to Gates 's mother and explained that her son 's problem was psychosomatic -- a black boy from Appalachia who wanted to be a doctor in the mid-1960s was an overachiever . " Gates , now 58 , walks with a cane as a result . "  The most subtle and pernicious form of racism against blacks -LSB- is -RSB- doubt about our intellectual capacities , " he once said . The typically soft-spoken Harvard professor is revered worldwide for being at the fore of African-American issues . His award-winning PBS documentaries have made him one of the most powerful forces of academia , admired by colleagues of all races . At the time of his arrest , Gates had just returned from China , where he had filmed the ancestral cemetery of Grammy-winning cellist Yo-Yo Ma as part of an upcoming series on immigration in America . Gates told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien that his arrest was a wake-up call . "  What it made me realize was how vulnerable all black men are -- how vulnerable all people of color are and all poor people to capricious forces like a rogue policeman , " he said . "  It was the fault of a policeman who could n't stand a black man standing up for his rights right in his face . " Watch Gates describe arrest " But those who know Crowley , including African-American colleagues , say not so fast . For years , Crowley taught a racial profiling class at a Massachusetts police academy -- hand-picked by an African-American police commissioner . He also tried to save the life of Boston Celtics star Reggie Lewis in 1993 when the black athlete died during an off-season practice . "  I was n't working on Reggie Lewis the basketball star . I was n't working on a black man . I was working on another human being , " he told the Boston Herald . Two black officers on the Cambridge force have stood solidly by their comrade . Sgt. Leon Lashley was outside Gates ' house when the professor was arrested . He has no problems with the way Crowley handled the situation . "  It happened to be a white officer on a black man , and the common call a lot of times is to call it a racist situation , " said Lashley . "  This situation right here was not a racial-motivated situation . ... There 's nothing rogue about him . He was doing his job . " Lashley acknowledged that if he , as a black officer , had entered the home first , it likely would 've been a different outcome . Kelly King , another African-American Cambridge officer , said she has known Crowley for more than a decade and that he 's "  a good police officer , a good man with character . " Watch black cops stand by Crowley " "  I think Professor Gates has done a very good job of throwing up a very effective smokescreen , calling race into this . It had nothing to do with it , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon with Crowley at her side . She said people who have turned against Crowley need to "  keep their minds open and realize that we would not support someone that we felt wronged someone else . ... We would not support anyone in blue doing the wrong thing . " When she finished speaking , she and Crowley embraced . "  You 've got to be touched by that , " CNN 's Lemon said . The officer at the center of the controversy nodded his head , fighting off tears . Obama steps in A third player ratcheted up the controversy and he , too , brought history to the moment . President Obama entered the fray when he said police "  acted stupidly . " His comments outraged many in law enforcement , and he soon did a mea culpa , saying he could 've "  calibrated " his words differently . Watch Obama say he helped ratchet up debate " Obama is a friend of Gates . A graduate of Harvard Law School , the president also once studied under Charles Ogletree , the law professor who represents Gates . As state senator in Illinois , Obama pushed for a racial profiling bill in 2003 . According to the Chicago Tribune , the bill created a means for police to track the race of drivers stopped for traffic infractions over a period of years . In his 2006 book "  The Audacity of Hope , " Obama said his status insulated him from the "  bumps and bruises " of the typical black man in America . But , he said , "  I can recite the usual litany of petty slights that during my 45 years have been directed my way : security guards tailing me as I shop in department stores , white couples who toss me their car keys as I stand outside a restaurant waiting for the valet , police cars pulling me over for no apparent reason . " "  I know what it 's like to have people tell me I ca n't do something because of my color , and I know the bitter swill of swallowed-back anger . " As the three men sit down together at the White House , there are many lessons to be drawn from this most teachable moment . Not the least of which might be that race is still a major factor in perceptions , and misperceptions . As for Whalen , she says she would still make that 911 call if she had it to do over again . "  I would hope people would learn not to judge others , " she said . She added , "  I was just trying to get lunch . "	Harvard professor , Cambridge cop , Obama to sit down for beer at White House Attorney for 911 caller notes irony in meeting of the three people who "  reacted badly " Prof walks with cane as a result of white doctor 's misdiagnosis when he was 14 Two black cops stand by Sgt. James Crowley , say race had nothing to do with arrest
CNN  -- Pounding humidity , a treacherous climb and bees who were more than happy to sting : Tough conditions for ash boarding down a live volcano , and halfway up Nicaragua 's Cerro Negro , it did n't seem like such a good idea . But then there was the view : A cascade of grey-black ash and rock stretching to the horizon , giving the hilly landscape an alien quality . We walked in single file carrying our boards and a bag full of gear for nearly an hour until we reached the summit . Approaching the edge of the volcano , the 1,600 foot slope was pretty steep and uninviting . Our guide consoled us with the knowledge that we were lucky to have our plywood and metal boards as someone else had gone down the volcano on a bicycle . And nearly died . Still , I donned my prison-style boiler suit and goggles , sat on the board and let myself slide . It was a thrill as I quickly gathered speed , scraping over pebbles and eating flying grit until I finally wiped out at the bottom . The activity is one of Nicaragua 's more unusual tourist hooks . Pioneered by the Australian owner of a hostel in the nearby city of Leon in 2005 , ash boarding down Central America 's youngest volcano has become a cottage industry . The Bigfoot hostel is now owned by Brazilian Breno Oliveira , who says the tourism industry is becoming more competitive as it develops . "  When Bigfoot first started it , it was something new . And then it became bigger and bigger . This brings a lot of business , " says Oliveira . Competition is growing . He says hotels and hostels in Leon have grown from two to more than 40 in seven years . "  This to be honest is the main income of the hostel , if it did n't have the ash boarding it would just be a hostel and it becomes very difficult to survive . " Tourism 's role For many , especially in the United States , Nicaragua is associated with 1980s-era Marxist guerillas and the Iran-Contra scandal . Corruption and U.S. embargoes certainly took their toll on the country and by the time the Sandinistas left power in 1990 , the tourism industry was a basket case . Yet Nicaragua has always had huge potential . Known as the "  Land of Lakes and Volcanoes , " it has immense natural beauty and alluring colonial towns . It 's still very underdeveloped -- the second poorest country in the hemisphere -- and you can expect to experience power cuts and traffic jams behind horse carts on main highways . Per capita income is barely more than $ 1,200 a year , so for a country like Nicaragua , tourism is actually the second largest industry -- and an engine for lifting the population out of poverty . The latest figures for this year reveal an increase in visitors of 12 % from 2011 . "  The tourism industry of Nicaragua has been growing at an important rate in the last few years , " says Mario Salinas , the country 's Tourism Minister . "  And it 's becoming one of the two or three top generators of foreign currency and employment for our country . " A mandatory destination on any itinerary is Grenada . Perched on Lake Nicaragua , the largest lake in Central America , the city is renowned for its stunning architecture . It was founded by the Spanish in 1524 and subsequently razed three times by pirates but was rebuilt and served as a conservative stronghold during the country 's civil war . The city is overshadowed by the hulking Mombacho Volcano , a popular hiking destination . There is also a galaxy of hundreds of small islands formed from a volcanic eruption thousands of years ago and strewn across Lake Nicaragua . Driving down the lake 's malecon looking for a tour boat , it was clear waterfront development had been approached with great ambition . Somehow the vision fell short : rows of bars , restaurants and nightclubs looked like they had been closed for months . Once out on the lake , the tranquil tour of the islets gives you the opportunity to gawp at the holiday homes of some of the country 's richest families . Each dominate certain sections of the economy -- such as media or brewing -- and naturally each owns an islet . Occasional "  For sale " signs rise up out of the water , and in case you 're interested , an island will set you back around $ 400,000 -- negotiable . Country at a crossroads But be careful . According to the U.S. State Department , property laws in Nicaragua are somewhat murky : "  Establishing verifiable title history is often entangled in legalities relating to the expropriation of 28,000 properties by the revolutionary government in the 1980s . " The State Department says this remains a key impediment to attracting greater foreign investment in the tourism industry , a claim Salinas obviously rejects . "  There are many international agreements that Nicaragua has signed with other countries to protect the safety of foreign investment , " he says . "  We have n't seen complications from 2007 until now and what could have happened is that the government may have verified a few properties to be completely sure of the origin of those properties . " The Sandinista leader Daniel Ortega , once dismissed as a dinosaur , swept back into power in 2007 and has since been re-elected in an election condemned by international observers for its irregularities . Many may balk at the return of such a notorious figure , but the government says he is making tourism a priority and understands the conditions needed to attract visitors . San Juan del Sur has certainly maintained its inviting atmosphere . The laid back surfing mecca is close to the border with Costa Rica and may be the ideal place to wind down your tour . A young Mark Twain famously arrived here by boat in 1866 and was entranced by the "  bright green hills " that form a semi-circle around the bay . Then a ramshackle primitive port , San Juan has grown into a ramshackle party town whose waterfront is lined with several bars catering to young tourists . During the day , the local tourism industry exploits the town 's natural blessings . San Juan 's main beach is largely a fishing and transit hub and the main surfing spots are a 20-minute drive away . The roads deteriorate rapidly as you leave town and a 4x4 vehicle was needed to get through the final stages of one route to the beach . But like Nicaragua as a whole , it 's worth the effort : The waves are superb and the shorelines shockingly underdeveloped and wild . Nonsurfers can head to the high seas for some world-class deep-sea fishing and may be surprised at their unusual level of success . Nicaragua holds a great variety of experiences for any visitor , and the country is one of few states whose immediate future really is tied to the tourism industry . For now , it 's seemingly at a crossroads , with many of the big developers watching the turn of events .	Nicaragua 's tourism industry is a big part of the economy While infrastructure is still rough in many places , the country offers some amazing attractions Volcano boarding is one of the country 's unique tourism offerings
CNN Student News  -- August 17 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Arizona & Minnesota Afghanistan Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Remember those carefree days when a gallon of gas was only $ 5 ? And when you could cheerfully mail a letter for the rock-bottom price of 50 cents ? Just saying those words out loud here to see what they sound like -- just trying to imagine what it will be like , 50 or 60 years from now , when Americans who are young today look back over their lives and recall fondly the second decade of the 21st century , when prices were low and reasonable . When you could actually buy a gallon of gas for five bucks , or a postage stamp for half a buck . Back before prices started to soar . Will it actually happen ? Will the once-unheard-of prices we appear headed toward seem someday like great bargains , to be remembered warmly by Americans accustomed to paying $ 20 a gallon for gas , and $ 6 to mail a first-class letter ? It seems at the same time impossible and inevitable . If , as some experts are predicting , gas hits the unprecedented $ 5 mark this summer , it may have an impact on the presidential campaign . CNN 's Jack Cafferty , speaking on "  The Situation Room , " said that regardless of the reasons for skyrocketing gas prices -- tension in the Middle East , the closing of refineries , increased demand for gas during summer vacation season -- "  Whether it 's fair or not , the American motoring public has always tended to blame the guy in the White House for high gas prices . " Yet , political impact in an election year aside , we seem to be about to cross some invisible symbolic line with the possibility of $ 5-a-gallon gas and 50-cent first-class stamps , which the U.S. Postal Service is recommending . It 's the definition of sticker shock , and the question is , will people accept the double whammy as something that just had to happen , or will they feel : Too much is at last too much . We 've lost our patience . Economists can make all the arguments they want about adjustments for inflation , but when you recall what gas once sold for , the nostalgia is not so much for a specific price point but for the freedom that came with going out for a long , casual drive without worrying it would break the bank . The "  See the U.S.A. in Your Chevrolet " song was not directed at a nation nervous about the expense of filling up the tank . In 1950 , a gallon of gas cost approximately 27 cents ; by 1970 it had only gone up to approximately 35 cents . The highways were just waiting ; as Dan Seals sang in his wonderful , if underappreciated , ode to the joys of driving , "  My Old Yellow Car " : "  There was no road too winding and nowhere too far/With two bucks of gas and my old yellow car . " You remember your time on Earth by the mileposts along the way -- somewhere in the back of your mind , you know the price of gas the first time you ever bought a gallon , and the price of a postage stamp the first time you were aware they existed . From 1932 until 1958 , the price of a first-class stamp did n't budge . For those 26 years , it was stuck at 3 cents . When it finally went up to 4 cents in ' 58 , it was major news . When and if a stamp hits 50 cents , no one is really going to have to ask why . There are fixed costs to operating the Postal Service , many of them tied to labor , and the funds to support those costs are rapidly drying up in the age of e-mail . In the most recent fiscal quarter , the Postal Service lost $ 3.3 billion . In that same quarter , the volume of mail sent was down 6 percent from the previous year . Over the holidays , the Greeting Card Association reported , 1.5 billion holiday cards , the kind people mail to each other , were sold -- down from 2.7 billion as recently as 1995 . But knowing the reasons the Postal Service needs more money does not erase the fact that the 50-cent stamp , like the $ 5 gallon of gas , takes us to a place we seldom considered we 'd be . And it does n't feel like this is the finish line . People get used to anything -- take a look at the price of a cocktail in a big-city restaurant , or a ticket to a major-league baseball game . Outlandish turns into commonplace . Yet some things -- gas , stamps -- do n't qualify as optional , discretionary purchases ; people need them when they need them , which is where the frustration comes in . The one-two punch of $ 5 gas and 50-cent stamps has such powerful symbolism precisely because those two products matter so much to so many people . And if the day should ever come when Americans look back on the five-buck gallon and the half-buck postage stamp with the same wistful longing that older Americans today feel for the 31-cent gallon and the 3-cent stamp ... Well , that does n't seem possible . But , then , neither did this . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	In 1950 , a gallon of gas was about 27 cents ; until 1958 , a first-class stamp was 3 cents Some experts are predicting that gas price will hit the unprecedented $ 5 mark soon Bob Greene : we seem to inch closer to an invisible symbolic line with that possibility Greene : Do n't be surprised if gas and stamp prices hit those numbers
CNN  -- There was no mistaking the target : the eight huge cooling towers at Ratcliffe-on-Soar power station , sending plumes of steam high into the watery blue sky of the English Midlands . A mix of peaceful protest and direct action took place at Ratcliffe-on-Soar , England . Instead the question in the minds of an estimated 1,000 protestors gathered in the surrounding woods and scrubland was how could they get in and shut it down . Surrounded by electrified fences , coils of razor wire and hundreds of police , this coal-fired power station run by German energy firm E.On was the target of environmental activists campaigning to stop climate change . Organizers of the protest , an amorphous group called the Camp for Climate Action , claim the plant is one of the UK 's largest sources of CO2 emissions and had named last weekend 's protest , "  The Great Climate Swoop " . "  Climate change is one of the most important and urgent problems facing us , " one protestor called Emma , told CNN . "  Our politicians are not doing enough . We have to take action . " "  We need to increase the pressure on -LSB- UK prime minister -RSB- Gordon Brown until he changes his mind about coal , " said another called Magoo . "  I would n't be here if I thought we could n't make a difference today . " Many protestors were upbeat following a recent decision by E.On to shelve plans for a new coal powered power station at Kingsnorth , in southern England , and the site of a similar protest in 2008 . E.On told CNN that the decision was "  purely economic " , and "  due to a marked fall in demand for electricity during the recession " , although many activists were claiming it as a victory for them . Determination to act There was no doubting the activists ' dedication . The weekend began peacefully enough with a procession snaking up from the East Midlands Parkway train station accompanied by a pedal-powered sound-system and a band . Several officers told CNN they were glad to be policing this event rather than a local football derby on the same day . Yet over 24-hours police say 57 protestors were arrested and both police and activists were injured in violent scuffles . The protest at Ratcliffe-on-Soar was the latest from a movement that has quickly come to define environmental activism in Britain , mixing elements of the mid-1990s road protest movement with the more targeted , professional approach of groups like Greenpeace and the mass civil disobedience modeled by the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament . Although leaderless and non-hierarchical it has shown determination , organization and direction . There were several families with young children at the protests , as well as individuals of all ages , although the bulk were twenty - and thirty-somethings . While some wore bandanas to hide their faces , others were in dressed as clowns or scarecrows and seemed content to picnic within sight of the plant . Peaceful protest and police In the spring James Hansen a climate modeler for NASA and prominent scientist lent his support for direct action , telling The Guardian newspaper : "  The democratic process does n't quite seem to be working ... I think that peaceful demonstration is not out of order , because we 're running out of time . " The first action by Climate Camp for Climate Action was at Drax coal power station in 2006 , followed by Heathrow airport in 2007 and Kingsnorth coal power station in 2008 . In 2009 there have already been three events : a protest at the European Climate Exchange in London , to coincide with the G20 ; a camp on Blackheath , London , in August -- the site of the 1381 Peasant 's Revolt - and now the protests at Ratcliffe . All have been characterized by a mix of peaceful protest around a "  camp " that is intended to model low-carbon living , alongside militant direct action - and an increasingly tense relationship with police . At Kingsnorth a huge police presence carried out over 8,000 searches according to an official report by the National Policing Improvement Agency , which also criticized tactics as "  disproportionate and counterproductive " . The death of Ian Tomlinson after being pushed to the ground by an officer at the G20 protests this April led to a storm of criticism , and seems to have brought about some changes in police tactics -- arresting activists before they act , rather than confronting them in the field . Last week ten people intending to come to Ratcliffe-on-Soar were held by police on suspicion of conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass , according to Police . Others have claimed they were phoned and told they would be arrested if they came -- something the police deny . Willing to be arrested Some of the most dramatic scenes came on Saturday afternoon came when hundreds of protestors mobbed around the perimeter fence on the north side of the plant and attempted to pull it down . Ropes were attached to fence posts , with protestors clasping their hands over them as officers tried to cut the cords with knives and secateurs , as the crowd heaved down the fences . Others climbed up and hung on -- including one man and his young daughter . It was in this moment that a division seemed to emerge between those ready to confront the police head on , and those holding back . Above the few dozen actually at the fence were many more holding back , cheering , but wondering what to do , obviously frightened of being arrested . "  Come down ! " came the cry from one man at the fence . "  This is not a spectator sport ! " But few did . While the movement prides itself on inclusivity , and commitment is welcome at any level , it clearly needs people ready to be arrested . Whether the weekend 's protests will inspire more of those who came to greater militancy next time around -- or scare them away - remains to be seen . But as dusk fell on Saturday night and camp was set the protestors were claiming victory -- and the next target was already clear As they packed up tents and sleeping bags the next day after a chilly night under the stars , cell phones chirruped as a message arrived : "  We did it ! 24 hrs of truly inspirational action ! Fences down , gates blockaded , railway occupied , a camp in the woods . "  Now onwards to Copenhagen ! "	Eco activists gathered at power station in UK to protest against climate change Called "  The Great Climate Swoop " it was latest direct action by UK eco activists Protestors camped out over weekend , some tried to break into power station Event revealed difference between peaceful protestors and more militant element
CNN  -- Soccer star Nicolas Anelka has sparked controversy after making a gesture one French government official called "  shocking " and "  disgusting . " After he scored his first goal for West Bromwich Albion in Saturday 's 3-3 draw at West Ham in the English Premier League , the former France international pointed his right arm straight down and touched that arm with his left hand . The gesture is known as a "  quenelle , " but some have called it a Nazi salute in reverse . Anelka took to Twitter and claimed the "  gesture was just a special dedication to my comedian friend Dieudonne " but the French government is seeking to ban Dieudonne for alleged anti-Semitic behavior . French Sports Minister Valerie Fourneyron added on Twitter that there was no place for Anelka 's gesture . "  Anelka 's gesture is a shocking provocation , disgusting , " she said . "  There 's no place for anti-Semitism on the football field . " West Brom 's caretaker manager Keith Downing defended Anelka , who converted to Islam almost a decade ago , when he spoke to reporters following the match . "  It is dedicated to a French comedian he knows very , very well , " Downing said . "  I think speculation can be stopped now . It is absolute rubbish really . " However , the European Jewish Congress called for English authorities to punish Anelka . "  This salute is merely a lesser known Nazi salute and we expect the same kind of punishment to be handed down by the authorities as if Anelka had made the infamous outstretched arm salute , " its president Dr. Moshe Kantor said in a statement on Sunday . "  This salute was created by a well-known extreme anti-Semite who has displayed his hatred of Jews , mocked the Holocaust and Jewish suffering . "  It is sickening that such a well-known footballer would make such an abusive and hateful gesture in front of tens of thousands of spectators . There should be no room for such intolerance and racism in sports and we expect that the English Premier League officials as well as the police will give Anelka the appropriate punishment . " The EPL has yet to comment on the incident , but British media reported that the English Football Association would investigate it . This is n't the first time Anelka -- who has played for the likes of Juventus , Real Madrid , Chelsea and Arsenal in a 19-year career -- has been involved in controversy . He earned the nickname of "  Le Sulk " due to his body language and was thrown out of the 2010 World Cup by France after he allegedly insulted then coach Raymond Domenech at halftime during a defeat against Mexico . Anelka was later banned for 18 matches by the French Football Federation , and in response he announced his international retirement . He had been part of France 's European Championship-winning squad in 2000 . At Real Madrid he allegedly once refused to train and was banned by the Spanish club for 45 days . Anelka is now playing for his sixth English club , having left Chelsea in January 2012 for a big-money move to Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua . He lasted just a year there before going to Italy for a five-month loan with Juventus , which won a second successive Serie A title . The 34-year-old had a difficult start to his time at West Brom , which was marred by the death of his agent in August . The West Ham game was his first appearance since late October , and he scored his first goals for the club in what was his eighth outing . West Brom , which sacked manager Steve Clarke this month after a poor run of results , is 15th in the 20-team EPL .	Nicolas Anelka under fire for making an alleged anti-Semitic gesture after scoring goal Anelka said on Twitter that it was a "  special dedication " to a comedian friend , Dieudonne The French Sports Minister condemned Anelka , calling his gesture "  disgusting " Anelka was thrown out of the 2010 World Cup after allegedly insulting his manager
EW.com  -- Have you always wanted to show off flashy cars and cozy new living room sets on national television ? "  The Price is Right " may be famous for Bob Barker  and now Drew Carey  's lovely ladies , but now "  The Price is Right " is holding a contest to find its first male model . In the game show 's nearly 40-year history , the prizes have almost always been displayed by female models , but now one guy will get to try out the gig for a week on the CBS show , which is currently hosted by Drew Carey . CBS has announced that the search for a male model will air as a five-episode web series on "  The Price is Right 's " official website and on its YouTube channel in late September . An open casting call will be held in Los Angeles on Thursday , August 30 , when contestants will be judged on "  qualities such as their verbal skills , posing and ability to properly showcase a product , " a release revealed . The producers will be the judges , along with the show 's female models . ` Bridesmaids ' costar on ` Modern Family ' Viewers will pick the ultimate winner by voting online through October 4 at Priceisright.com . What do you think , "  Price is Right " fans ? Is it about time male models become a regular part of the show , or would you rather see it stick with the old model  pardon the pun  ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Price is Right " is holding a contest to find its first male model The prizes have almost always been displayed by female models on the show Viewers will pick the winner by voting online through October 4 at Priceisright.com
CNN  -- A community in tears . That 's how the mayor of Las Vegas described her city after a husband-and-wife team gunned down two police officers and a civilian . The officers were on their lunch break at a pizza place . They had no time to react . The third victim , a civilian , attempted to confront the couple at a nearby Walmart , and died in the process . A day after the killings , the three were being remembered Monday for their sacrifice and service . "  We 're a community in tears here . I will tell you these were wonderful officers , " said Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman . Here 's a closer look at those killed : Alyn Beck , 41 Officer Beck , 41 , joined the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department  LVMPD  in August 2001 . His friends say he was a good person , always willing to lend a hand . "  He was always about service . He was the funnest guy . He was , you know , you think of some people who are good in eulogy only , and Alyn is the absolute opposite of that . "  Alyn is easy to eulogize because that 's all he was , was good , " said Tracy Smith , a friend . Beck is survived by his wife and three children . Igor Soldo , 31 Officer Soldo joined the police department in April 2006 . He attended high school in Lincoln , Nebraska , and worked as a corrections officer before joining the force . Described by family as a good father and a great man , Soldo is survived by his wife and baby . He and Beck were on their lunch break at a CiCi 's Pizza when authorities say Jerad and Amanda Miller came into the restaurant and opened fire on the officers at close range . "  I think you can all imagine if this happened to one of your loved ones what just that impact might be . They 're trying to process what is it that has taken place , " Sheriff Doug Gillespie said about the victims ' families . "  They have good support but it 's going to be a difficult road -- two young families and their fathers are no longer there . " Joseph Wilcox , 31 After the Millers shot the officers , they fled to a Walmart where Jerad Miller allegedly fired one round and told everyone to get out . Wilcox , who was in the store and who was carrying a concealed weapon , moved to confront the shooter . But he did n't realize Jerad Miller was not alone . Authorities say Amanda Miller shot Wilcox , killing him . "  Joseph died attempting to protect others . His death is completely senseless , " Sheriff Gillespie told reporters . Wilcox 's sister , CJ Foster , said her brother was pro-gun and believed guns do n't kill people -- people kill people . "  He did a very brave thing and I 'm very proud of him . I 'm proud to call him my brother , " she said . Jeremy Tanner , a friend , was with Wilcox at the Walmart before the shooting started . "  Joseph had the option to go left and exit the store to safety , but he instead went into the store and chased after the gunman , " he told CNN . "  I wanted to tell him : ` Do n't do this . Come with me . ' But I also felt that he 's possibly going to be saving some lives . " CNN 's Stephanie Elam contributed to this report .	Two police officers -- Alyn Beck and Igor Soldo -- were killed on their lunch break Both were husbands and fathers A civilian also is killed ; his sister says Joseph Wilcox was brave Wilcox attempted to confront a shooter in a Walmart store
New York  CNN  Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN 's Sunday morning political interview program "  State of the Union . " CNN announced Tapper 's promotion on Friday morning . He will take over the program in June ; he 'll remain the channel 's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "  The Lead . " Among his peers , Tapper is seen as an authority on politics , something a program like "  State of the Union " demands . He received rave reviews when he was the interim anchor of ABC 's Sunday morning hour "  This Week " in 2010 . "  I could n't be more excited about this election season and the new platform I will have at CNN to cover it , " Tapper said in a statement . " ` State Of The Union ' has a rich tradition and I hope to not only build on its history but expand the definition of what a Sunday show can be . " Tapper thanked CNN Worldwide CEO Jeff Zucker "  for the confidence he continues to show in me and to my colleagues at CNN for the incredible support on air and off that I 've received since beginning this adventure two years ago . " Tapper joined CNN from ABC in 2013 to anchor "  The Lead . " On "  State of the Union , " he succeeds Candy Crowley , who signed off the program last December . A rotation of fill-in hosts have been anchoring the program this year . Zucker announced Tapper 's appointment on the network 's editorial conference call on Friday morning . "  I am thrilled that Jake will take on this additional role at such a pivotal time in the election cycle , " Zucker said in a statement . "  He has the perfect combination of skills that make him uniquely qualified -- he 's a relentless reporter , a gifted storyteller , and a terrific interviewer who does n't stop until he gets answers . We are lucky to have him on both ` The Lead ' and ` State of the Union . ' " Sunday political programs are among the most prestigious chairs at television networks . And changes are afoot : CBS is about to say goodbye to Bob Schieffer , the longtime moderator of "  Face the Nation , " who will be succeeded by John Dickerson in June . Additionally , NBC replaced David Gregory with Chuck Todd on the original Sunday public affairs program , "  Meet the Press , " last fall . With the anchor moves at the other networks , CNN may see an opportunity for what 's known in the industry as share-shifting -- viewers switching networks and sampling the new anchors . With his new position , Tapper will become the second man to work weekdays and Sunday mornings . ABC 's George Stephanopoulos is both a co-host of "  Good Morning America " and the moderator of "  This Week . " There is precedent for this at CNN : for many years Wolf Blitzer anchored on the weekdays and led the Sunday morning program "  Late Edition , " the forerunner to "  State of the Union . "	Jake Tapper will add the Sunday show "  State of the Union " to his portfolio at CNN Tapper also anchors "  The Lead " on weekdays
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Even in the midst of Japan 's deepest economic recession since World War II , the country 's love hotel industry is thriving . The Style A hotel in Tokyo offers amenities . "  I 'd hate to use the term "  recession-proof , " but it 's certainly proven very resilient over the last six to nine months , " said Steve Mansfield , CEO of New Perspectives , which operates six love , or "  leisure , " hotels in Japan . One of them , the Bonita Hotel in Isawa , boasts a 257 percent occupancy rate . Rooms can be rented for three to 24 hours . Mansfield 's company estimates the industry in Japan pulls in $ 40 billion a year in revenue . "  It 's a natural human desire . Even these days , on the weekend , every love hotel is full of people -- it 's hard to get in . You can never stop sexual desire , " said a woman with her boyfriend in Tokyo , who laughed in embarrassment when asked for her name . Love hotels fill a need for privacy in a country where high population density often means couples have little time alone . Rooms offer a broad assortment of features , including karaoke machines , PlayStation game consoles , DVD players , a variety of cosmetics , customized condoms and indoor-outdoor Jacuzzis . Watch Morgan Neill 's report from inside a love hotel " Though required by law to have a front desk , most can be rented and entered without talking to a clerk . The days of Japanese being ashamed to enter love hotels are coming to an end , though , Mansfield said . "  Seventy-five percent of our guests are members of our points program , " he said . "  They carry our points cards , they collect points and they receive gifts . That 's something people are very comfortable with , and I think that reflects the customers that we attract . " Takashi Yamamoto , who designs love hotels in Tokyo , agreed . "  The bad image that love hotels had has faded over time . Also , customers started to raise their voices and became more selective about choosing hotels . In response , management has improved . " The flashiest love hotels are found in Osaka , including a Hello Kitty-themed hotel and one with a room featuring a merry-go-round . Tokyo hotels tend to be tamer , focused on winning customers with amenities . The Style A Hotel , for example , offers a suite for $ 190 that includes a full-size Jacuzzi and a private sauna . Though young couples make up the majority of customers , they are not the only ones . One man , who declined to be named , said : "  I go to love hotels when I 'm drunk and do n't feel like going home . " Whatever the reasons , the hotels have been doing well enough that Mansfield recently went to London , seeking investors to expand . "  The industry has 25,000 hotels , and through our research we 've worked out that 90 percent of owners have five or fewer hotels , " he said . That fragmentation is a structural inefficiency in the market , he said , one he would like to help correct .	Industry has 25,000 hotels , says Steve Mansfield , CEO of a love hotel operator Venues include a Hello Kitty-themed hotel ; another has a merry-go-round in a room Mansfield : the industry pulls in some $ 40 billion dollars a year in overall revenues Most customers are young people ; flashiest hotels found in Osaka
CNN  -- NASA engineers will repair small cracks found on the space shuttle Discovery 's external fuel tank -- a development that could further delay its launch . "  The X-rays showed four additional small cracks on three stringers on the opposite side of the tank from Discovery , and managers elected to repair those cracks ... " NASA said in a statement . The work is expected to take two to three days . Additional repairs may be needed , NASA said . The cracks on support beams called "  stringers " showed up during the latest round of image scans that NASA has been conducting to determine when the shuttle can take off , the space agency said Thursday . The earliest possible launch date is February 3 , according to the agency . Earlier cracks found in the foam covering the fuel tank have repeatedly delayed the shuttle 's final launch , originally scheduled for November 1 . Technicians repaired the cracks and reapplied foam insulation on aluminum brackets on the tank in November . The foam cracked while the tank was being filled November 5 for the shuttle 's planned launch to the International Space Station . Discovery is scheduled to deliver a storage module , a science rig and spare parts to the orbiting facility . The delay means the final launch of Endeavour , which is also scheduled to be the last launch of the space shuttle program , is likely to be delayed until April 1 , said Bill Gerstenmaier , associate administrator for space operations .	Cracks found in the foam covering the tank have caused delays Repairs will take two to three days The tests will give engineers data to decide when the shuttle can launch Discovery is scheduled to deliver spare parts to the International Space Station
CNN  -- It 's an all too familiar feeling for the high handicap golfer . The total mishit which instead of launching the ball to the heart of the green instead sees it barely leave the ground and end in deep rough . So when the same fate befell world number one Rory McIlroy at least most of the large gallery following him Friday at the World Tour Championship in Dubai could empathize . McIlroy had been in a perfect position in the middle of the seventh fairway with a five-wood in his hand as he attempted to hit the green at the par-five hole with his second shot . But hitting the lush turf before the ball , his lame effort squirted left and into an awkward position . "  He 's human after all " was the verdict of the TV commentary team and McIlroy 's followers on social media as the European Tour official website was quick to post the evidence . McIlroy could even afford a wry smile -- "  a fat , low , duck-hook runner that was not intentional , " was his verdict after the round -- before normal impeccable service was resumed . From the tricky position in deep rough he conjured up a superb recovery shot to within a few feet of the flag . But the Northern Irishman , who has already wrapped up the Race to Dubai , failed with the putt to encapsulate a day of missed opportunities . He was just one-under-par on the four par-five holes on the Earth Course where his incredible power gives him such an advantage . McIlroy also found the water off the tee at the last , but like on the seventh hole , recovered to make his par for a two-under round of 70 . It left him in a tie for second with England 's Danny Willett and Richie Ramsay of Scotland at eight-under , two shots adrift of defending champion Henrik Stenson of Sweden , who followed a first round 68 with a fine 66 . "  I just did n't quite have it , " he admitted . "  I started to hit some better shots on the back nine and I 'm happy where I am two behind with 36 holes to play , " he added . McIIlroy , playing his first tournament in six weeks , is bidding to end a triumphant season on a high note , having won two majors in 2014 and climbed back to the top of the rankings . A first round 66 had left him in the joint lead with playing partner Shane Lowry of Ireland . Lowry also had an eventful round , acing the par-three 13th but also missing several other birdie opportunities to finish in a five-strong group at seven under . This also included England 's Justin Rose , who carded a six-under 66 , but like McIlroy could only make par on the final hole after finding the water with his opening drive . The tournament , which brings together the top 60 on the money list , is the final event of the European Tour season with an $ 8 million prize purse on offer .	Henrik Stenson leads at halfway of the World Tour Championship in Dubai Defending champion Stenson two shots clear of the field World number one Rory McIlroy in three-strong group tied for second McIlroy 's partner Shane Lowry aced the 13th
CNN  -- This is n't supposed to be happening . Not now , anyway . Nine confirmed wildfires have already burned nearly 9,200 acres in San Diego County . Southern California is no stranger to wildfires , but this many fires this early is a shocker . "  This is May , " Carlsbad police Capt. Paul Mendes said . "  This is unbelievable . " Wildfires are n't typically a problem in California until the summer or maybe even the fall , when things get even hotter and drier . So what gives ? The short answer is : A crippling drought and record high temperatures . In other words , it 's bone dry and brutally hot . Add to that gusty winds -- and you have a potent mix . "  It 's really awful , unprecedented , " CNN meteorologist Jennifer Gray said . "  We have never seen California this dry before . So this wildfire season could be one of the worst in history . " Historic drought California is in the midst of a long drought that has left it abnormally dry . How bad is it ? This is how Gov. Jerry Brown put it in January : "  the worst drought that California has ever seen since records  began  about 100 years ago . " The exact financial impact of the historic drought in California has yet to be calculated . But the financial blow could be in the billions of dollars . Record heat It 's hot , hot , hot in San Diego County this month . San Diego and El Cajon experienced record highs of 93 and 99 on Wednesday , according to the National Weather Service . Thursday 's forecast includes a heat advisory for the region , including temperatures up to 105 . "  This is extreme . This has gone from dry conditions to volatile conditions , " said one firefighter in Carlsbad , after using a torch to ignite backfire . "  This is n't something we do n't normally see until November or September . " Gusty winds The third factor compounding the situation : strong winds that are fanning the flames . "  The wind does n't make it any easier , " Carlsbad resident Marisa Gustafson told CNN affiliate KFMB . "  The wind can change and all of a sudden , it just seems like we 're going to be safe and we 're not . " Thousands of homes have been evacuated in Southern California . So have a nuclear power plant , a university campus and parts of a military base . Even Legoland , a popular amusement park , has been forced to close . Officials have issued some 23,000 evacuation notices in Carlsbad alone . And with nine fires burnings , firefighters are pooling their resources to try and gain control . "  This is only going to get worse , " meteorologist Gray said . The skeptics ' take While investigators know what 's keeping the fires burning , they have n't determined yet what caused them to flare up in the first place . So many fires , so quick , all of them separate -- that has some skeptical that only nature could be to blame . Among those confounded are San Diego County district supervisor Bill Horn who says he has n't seen anything like this in at least 20 years . "  I 'm sure it could be by chance , " he said . "  I just think there 's too much of a coincidence here . " What to know about wildfires CNN 's Andrew Spencer contributed to this report .	This many fires this early is a shocker "  It 's really awful , unprecedented , " CNN meteorologist Jennifer Gray says Some are skeptical that only nature is to blame
Washington  CNN  -- The new Coffee Party movement deemed its official kickoff Saturday a "  huge success , " with dozens of talks held at coast-to-coast coffee shops as members came together to discuss the issues most important to them . Billed by many as an answer to the conservative Tea Party movement , the Coffee Party was born on Facebook just six weeks ago . While the group has become an instant hit online -- it boasts more than 141,000 Facebook fans as of Saturday -- gauging the success of this weekend 's coffee meetups was predicted to be an indicator of the group 's strength . A statement released by the party said "  today 's coffee houses have been a huge success -- both for Coffee Party USA and for democracy . All across the U.S. , Americans from all political sides sat down for civil conversation and , of course , coffee . " At Java Monkey in Decatur , Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta , coordinator Stacey Hopkins said turnout far exceeded expectations , with around 60 people participating at the "  very productive " meeting where health care reform was the overriding issue . "  We had kids there , we had college students , high school students , and we had retirees , " she said . "  It went across a very broad spectrum age wise and racially , and this is that we 'd like to see . " Were you at a Coffee Party gathering ? Share your images , story In Asheville , North Carolina , about 35 people gathered at Filo Pastries and Coffee , according to CNN iReporter Rachael Jernigan , a stay-at-home mom who coordinated the meeting . "  I think the biggest thing to come out of it was people were tired of being labeled and divided , " said Jernigan , who added that a Tea Party member was among the attendees . "  They do agree on a lot . " About 30 people came out to a meeting at Raleigh , North Carolina 's Cup A Joe , said CNN iReporter Davis Hall . "  I really liked what the Coffee movement said the foundation was -- which is to get everybody of all stripes of life to get together , " Hall said . The meetings were among about 350 the party planned to hold Saturday . Coffee Party founder Annabel Park , who worked as a volunteer for Barack Obama 's presidential campaign and Democratic Sen. Jim Webb of Virginia 's 2006 campaign , says the group is not "  aligned " with any party and calls the two-party system out of date . Park said the bitter battle over health care is an example of how government is not working . "  We feel like the health care debate showed not only that we are a very divided country , but there 's something really wrong with our political process . We kind of got to see the innards of the political process and realize there 's something very broken . I think that 's what we 're responding to . " The party statement said the next step "  is to dig into what our community discussed  and  find out what matters most to them . " Park said the Coffee Party 's first real national action will be March 27 , when members will get together to discuss ways to engage members of Congress during the Easter recess . "  Just like in the American Revolution , we are looking for real representation right now . We do n't feel represented by our government right now , and we do n't really feel represented well by the media either , " Park said last week on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It 's kind of a simple call to action for people to wake up and take control over their future and demand representation . And it requires people standing up and speaking up . " Sound familiar ? Tea Party activists use much of the same language in describing their year-old protest movement that 's steeped in fiscal conservatism and boiling-hot , anti-tax rhetoric . "  It 's a response to how they are trying to change our government , " Park told CNN , referring to the Tea Party . "  It 's their methodology that we are against . We may want some of the same things , but their journey is so alienating to us . " So what does the Tea Party movement think of this new sensation ? "  This Coffee Party looks like a weak attempt at satire or a manufactured response to a legitimate widespread grassroots movement , " says Brendan Steinhauser , director of federal and state campaigns for FreedomWorks , a nonprofit conservative organization that helps train volunteer activists and has provided much of the organizational heft behind the Tea Party movement . "  It 's driven from the top down and it 's not a grass-roots movement driven from the bottom up , " Jim Hoft of the St. Louis Tea Party said . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Coffee Party leaders held 350 to 400 events Saturday across the country "  Just like in the American Revolution , we are looking for real representation , " founder says Group 's first action will be April 27 , during Congress ' Easter recess
The man who dared to boldly go where no one had gone before has revealed that he ca n't go as many places as he used to . "  I 'm doing OK , " Leonard Nimoy tweeted Friday . "  Just ca n't walk distances . Love my life , family , friends and followers . " Nimoy announced last week that he has been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -- 30 years after having given up cigarettes . "  Not soon enough , " tweeted the 82-year-old actor and director who played Spock , the half-human science officer aboard the Starship Enterprise from 1966 to 1969 on the TV series "  Star Trek " and in movies during the decades since . "  I have COPD . Grandpa says , quit now !!! LLAP . " The last reference is to his signature phrase , "  Live long and prosper . " Nimoy , who told an interviewer last year that he flunked chemistry in high school , may not have grasped the long-term risks associated with smoking , but his announcement is not surprising , said Dr. Richard Casaburi , a pulmonologist at Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute in Torrance , California . Smoking could very well be responsible for the appearance of symptoms of COPD decades after quitting , because it is a progressive disease and lung function declines with age , said Casaburi , who is not involved with Nimoy 's treatment . COPD is the third-leading cause of death in the United States -- after heart disease and cancer -- and smoking is responsible for the vast majority of cases , he said . Some 12 million people in the United States have been diagnosed with the disease , and perhaps another 12 million have it , but do n't know , he said , adding that about 30 % of people who smoke will get clinically significant COPD . "  The mystery really is why everybody does n't get it . " Initial symptoms can include cough , sputum production and shortness of breath , especially on exertion , which limits their activity . But medications typically can ease the symptoms , he said . "  It 's a disease of the older person , but the damage is started when they 're young . " Though smoking rates have declined in the United States in recent years , COPD takes years to develop , so the incidence is rising , said the 66-year-old doctor . "  We 're now seeing the results of people my age who started smoking in the 1960s and now are reaping the consequences . " He predicted the incidence will decline sharply over the next 20 to 30 years . More severe symptoms can require oxygen therapy and may lead to pneumonia and heart failure , said Dr. Norman Edelman , senior medical consultant to the American Lung Association . He praised Nimoy for his announcement and his admonition to stay away from tobacco . "  We 're delighted , " Edelman said in a telephone interview . "  The more people speak out , the more ammunition we have to fight -- for not only smoking cessation but for research that will lead to better treatment of COPD . " Funding has been limited by the belief among some that patients have only themselves to blame , a point of view that is unfair , he said . "  These people deserve the best treatment that we can provide , " he said , adding that most smokers take up the habit before they are adults . But Nimoy 's illness has not interfered with his goal of living long and prospering . In 2010 , life expectancy at birth for someone born in the United States reached 78.7 , and Nimoy , who is 82 , appears to be continuing to prosper , too . "  Just taped my comments for Star Trek Fest to be aired on EPIX Feb. 16th , " he wrote . "  Still enjoying my life . LLAP . "	At 82 , Leonard Nimoy reveals he has lung disease -- 30 years after quitting smoking "  I 'm doing OK , " he tweets Friday -- "  Just ca n't walk distances " COPD is the nation 's third-leading cause of death "  Still enjoying my life . LLAP . "
CNN  -- A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN the state attorney 's office believes there were two motives in the home invasion murder of Florida couple Byrd and Melanie Billings -- robbery and a contracted hit . Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , is believed to be the organizer of Byrd and Melanie Billings ' deaths . The Escambia County Sheriff 's Office had said it believed robbery was the prime motive , but that it would explore all avenues . The source said the state attorney 's office is working under the belief that most of the suspects in the case thought they were there for a robbery , but that Leonard Gonzalez Jr. , the alleged organizer of the crime , and other yet-unnamed suspects were plotting a hit on the couple . The source said that from "  Gonzalez down " it was a robbery and that from "  Gonzalez up " it was a hit . The source was not sure of the motive behind the hit . The Escambia County Sheriff 's Office has said it believed robbery was the prime motive , but that it would explore all avenues , a position Sheriff David Morgan reiterated Friday night . "  We are , in fact , looking at this , " Morgan said . "  We want to ensure the citizens of Escambia County that we are not in any way , shape or form of the imagination taking that possibility or probability off the table in the conduct of the Billings murder . " Morgan said that early in the investigation , investigators had "  uncorroborated information that would lead a reasonable person to believe that this was an avenue of the investigation that we should in fact pursue . " He added , "  We have and will continue to do that very thing . " "  I want the citizens of Escambia County to understand that this investigation will go where it goes , and anyone who aided or abetted in the commission of this crime will be brought to justice , " the sheriff said . Greg Marcille of the Escambia County Office of the State Attorney did not deny that investigators were considering a contracted hit , but said his office believes "  that the prime motive was robbery . " "  We will consider all possibilities and review any evidence that is brought forward regarding the issue of motive in this case , " he said . The Billingses , who were known for adopting special-needs children , were killed during a robbery at their Beulah , Florida , home July 9 . A small safe containing prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry was taken , and later found in the backyard of a woman who said she was a friend of Gonzalez , authorities have said . Two sources familiar with the investigation told CNN that a second safe at the home contained at least $ 100,000 . Eight people have been arrested in the case . Seven are facing murder charges and one is accused of being an accessory after the fact . Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan has said Gonzalez once worked for a car dealership Byrd Billings owned , and court documents state that Gonzalez received financial support from the family for a martial-arts studio that he ran . An attorney representing the Billingses has said that Byrd Billings made a nominal donation to Gonzalez 's karate charity . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : Escambia County sheriff says theory is not off the table Prosecutor does not deny theory is under scrutiny ; calls robbery "  prime motive " Source : Prosecutors believe most suspects thought they were pulling off robbery Alleged mastermind plotted hit on Byrd and Melanie Billings , source says
