CNN  Legendary fashion designer Oscar de la Renta , who spent half a century putting high society in haute couture , has died . He was 82 . The man -- often described as the "  sultan of suave " -- dressed every first lady since Jacqueline Kennedy . Among those whose glamor factor his dresses jazzed up : Oprah Winfrey , Ann Hathaway and , most recently , George Clooney 's bride Amal Alamuddin . "  We will always remember him as the man who made women look and feel beautiful , " former first lady Laura Bush said late Monday night . De la Renta designed the wedding dress for her daughter , Jenna . The cause of his death , announced by close family friends and industry colleagues , was not immediately clear . He was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 , but said last year he was "  totally clean . " "  The only realities in life are that you are born , and that you die , " he told an audience at New York 's 92Y "  Fashion Talks " series in June 2013 . "  We always think we are going to live forever . The dying aspect we will never accept . The one thing about having this kind of warning is how you appreciate every single day of life . " And what a life he lived . "  He was a true , true gentlemen , in the truest sense of the word -- a real bright light -- and this is just a terrible , terrible loss for the fashion world , " said Alina Cho , fashion journalist and editor at large at Random House . Beginnings Born July 22 , 1932 , in the Dominican Republic , de la Renta was the only son among seven children . "  My father had different aspirations for me than I had for myself , " he told the "  Fashion Talks " audience . "  If I ever told my father I would become a fashion designer , he would drop dead on the spot . " He has often said the island colored his design sense . "  From my island side comes my love for the exotic , for color and light , " he told the New York Times . At 18 , he left for Spain to study at the Academy of San Fernando in Madrid . For a time , he dabbled in abstract art . But fashion was his passion , he soon discovered . After the wife of the U.S. Ambassador to Spain saw some of his dress sketches , she commissioned him to design a gown for her daughter . The daughter and the dress appeared on the cover of Life magazine . Emboldened , de la Renta switched his focus to fashion . He landed an apprenticeship with Cristobal Balenciaga , who was at the time Spain 's most acclaimed designer . He described that period as the beginning of his learning experience . "  I was picking pins off the floor , " he joked . Ascent Next stop , and the obvious next step for a fashion designer : Paris . De la Renta was in the fashion mecca on vacation . But within a day of his arrival , he was offered a job at the reputed fashion house , Lanvin . He finessed his style , learned to tailor , and , two years later , moved to New York -- where he became a designer for Elizabeth Arden . It was the first step toward a career that would make him a fashion powerhouse . In 1965 , the Oscar de la Renta brand was launched , changing the face of fashion with its ready-to-wear collection . "  My customers are successful working women , " he said . From there , he branched into fragrance , then into a home line , then into furniture . "  I 'm a very restless person . I 'm always doing something . The creative process never stops , " he once said . Atop Admired by contemporaries , adored by consumers , de la Renta had a long , successful run . He was the winner of numerous Cody awards , the fashion equivalent of the Oscars . His creations were a fixture on the red carpet and in the Oval Office . He dressed Nancy Reagan and provided the inaugural gown for Laura Bush . He is also responsible for the look Hillary Clinton is so inextricably associated with : the pantsuit . "  This man has been working for more than 20 years to turn me into a fashion icon , " Clinton joked while presenting him with the Medal of Excellence at Carnegie Hall last April . One notable holdout , until recently , was Michelle Obama . De la Renta waded into controversy after he took her to task for wearing a J. Crew cardigan to meet Queen Elizabeth in 2009 . "  You do n't go to Buckingham Palace in a sweater , " he said . But , this month , Obama too sported an Oscar de la Renta creation at the Fashion Education Workshop at the White House . Endings Rumors had been circulating for a while that de la Renta was ill . Last week , Oscar de la Renta -- the company -- announced the appointment of Peter Copping as creative director . "  Our Industry has not always done the best job when it comes to changes in design leadership . My hope is that , in leading this selection , and actively participating in the transition , I can insure the right design future for our company and brand , " de la Renta said in a statement then . Then , Monday , came the news of his death . His first wife , Francoise de Langlade -- a former editor of French Vogue -- died of bone cancer in 1983 . They had been married 16 years . He leaves behind his second wife , Annette Engelhard Reed , whom he married in 1989 . He also leaves behind a son . "  The fashion business says goodbye to a mentor , a legand & an icon , " designer Kenneth Cole tweeted Monday night . "  He defined a standard we can only aspire to . " This obituary includes biographical information from Vogue magazine , biography.com , Current Biography , Contemporary Fashion and Dictionary of Hispanic Biography .	He dressed every first lady since Jackie Kennedy He was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 His creations were a fixture on the red carpet and in the Oval Office The cause of death was not immediately clear
Some 8.7 million pounds of meat from a Northern California company have been recalled because they came from "  diseased and unsound " animals that were n't properly inspected , a federal agency announced Saturday . The recall affecting Rancho Feeding Corporation products -- as detailed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service -- marks a significant expansion of one announced January 13 , when just over 40,000 pounds of the company 's products were recalled . According to the U.S. agency , Rancho Feeding "  processed diseased and unsound animals and carried out these activities without the benefit or full benefit of federal inspection . " "  Thus , the products are adulterated , because they are unsound , unwholesome or otherwise are unfit for human food and must be removed from commerce , " the FSIS reported . The Petaluma company made the recall . The government agency noted there are no reported illnesses tied to these products , which went to distribution centers and retail establishments in California , Florida , Illinois and Texas . It was not immediately clear which companies got them , or whether they ended up being sold in some form at any markets or restaurants . The FSIS recall notice indicates a "  reasonable probability " that consumption could result in "  serious , adverse health consequences or death . " Attempts to contact the Rancho Feeding Corporation for comment were unsuccesful Saturday and Sunday . A wide range of products are listed in the recall , including beef carcasses and various parts such as heads , cheeks , lips , livers , feet and tongues in boxes of 20 pounds and bigger . Forty-pound boxes of veal bones and 60-pound boxes of veal trim are included as well . All of these were produced and shipped between January 1 , 2013 , through January 7 , 2014 . They all have "  EST. 527 " in the USDA mark of inspection and have a case code number ending in 3 or 4 . In the January announcement , the FSIS reported only that the products were being recalled only from January 8 , 2014 , and that they did n't have a "  full federal inspection . " Inmates sickened by tainted chicken More on food safety	The U.S. announces a massive recall of beef , veal products from a California company Agency : Products came from "  diseased ... animals , " were n't properly inspected They went to distributors , retail establishments from January 2013 to 2014
United Nations  CNN  -- Palestinian President Mahoud Abbas put forth a historic U.N. membership bid for an independent state of Palestine on Friday ; a move Israel says is premature without direct talks that address its longstanding security concerns . The formal application -- viewed as a largely symbolic gesture because an American veto is all but assured should the request come to a vote in the Security Council -- drew applause in the assembly when the Palestinian leader raised the document at the podium during his speech at the 66th annual session of the General Assembly . The time has come for a "  Palestinian Spring " to join the Arab Spring in reshaping the Middle East , he said . "  My people desire to exercise their right to enjoy a normal life like the rest of humanity . " But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , later taking his turn to address the General Assembly , said Palestinians are looking for a "  state without peace , " ignoring security concerns important to Israel . He said Palestinians are not armed only with their "  hopes and dreams , " as Abbas said in his speech . To that he added "  10,000 missiles , and Grad rockets supplied by Iran , not to mention the river of lethal weapons flowing into Gaza . " "  Palestinians should first make peace with Israel , and then get their state , " he declared , adding that peace must arrive through a two-state solution that recognizes Israel as a Jewish state . If that occurs , Israel "  will be the first " to recognize Palestinian statehood , the prime minister said . Representatives from the United Nations , the United States , Russia and the European Union -- a group commonly referred to as the Quartet for the Middle East -- discussed the request later Friday , and issued a statement saying the bid is now before the U.N. Security Council . The group called for a "  preparatory meeting , " to take place within one month and intended to outline how peace negotiations between Israeli and Palestinian leaders might take place . Each side would then be tasked with producing a comprehensive proposal on territory and security issues within three months , and "  to have made substantial progress with six months , " the statement said . The timetable for an agreement is not to exceed the end of 2012 , countering any anticipation of immediate change in the region . The Security Council is expected to meet Monday to further discuss the issue . Abbas ' speech , meanwhile , provoked cheers and chants from flag-waving Palestinians who watched the address on a big-screen television in a square in Ramallah , the West Bank . Moments after handing over the formal letter seeking full United Nations membership , Abbas said Israel continues to stymie peace and flout international law , and he called on United Nations to act urgently . "  We aspire for and seek a greater and more effective role for the United Nations in working to achieve a just and comprehensive peace in our region that ensures the inalienable , legitimate national rights of the Palestinian people , " said the Palestinian leader . His speech was closely watched across the Middle East . The hundreds who gathered in Ramallah greeted the news that he had formally filed the request with cheers , song and dance . Demonstrations took place Friday in New York and in cities across the Middle East as demonstrators waved Palestinian flags and chanted slogans in a show of solidarity . U.S. Embassies across the region warned citizens to avoid the expected demonstrations , saying they could turn violent with little warning . An increased police presence was visible in Jerusalem , where the military had stockpiled riot-control gear against the possibility of greater violence . Ahead of the speech , Palestinian youths lobbed rocks and bottles at Israeli security forces at a West Bank security checkpoint leading to Jerusalem , a fairly routine Friday occurrence . There were no injuries , but rock-throwing between Israeli citizens and Palestinians in Qusra led to three injuries , one of them fatal , according to the Israel Defense Forces . No immediate action is expected on Abbas ' request that Palestine become a member state of the international body , and such a U.N. declaration is almost certainly doomed to failure because of the United States ' veto power in the Security Council . "  Peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the U.N. , " President Barack Obama said in a speech to delegates at the General Assembly earlier this week . "  If it were that easy , it would have been accomplished by now . " Obama and Abbas met Wednesday as part of behind-the-scenes wrangling that has accompanied the controversial request . The American president said he supports Palestinian statehood , but reiterated a long-standing U.S. position that Israel must be part of the discussions . Israel has described the bid as counterproductive , and has called for an immediate resumption of talks to begin in New York and to be continued in Ramallah and Jerusalem . Negotiations broke down last year . And while a U.S. veto would block the bid for full U.N. membership , the General Assembly could still vote to upgrade the status of Palestinians , who currently hold the status of non-voting observer "  entity . " The body could change that status to permanent observer "  state , " identical to the Vatican 's standing at the United Nations . Despite a breathtaking year of change that has seen popular revolutions mark political upheaval in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya and other nations , talk of Palestinian statehood dominated the General Assembly 's session this week . "  The membership effort sends a strong message by Abbas to Palestinians that he is working to advance the Palestinians ' cause , " said Steven Cook , a senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations "  Right now , he 's thinking about his domestic political situation in order to maintain his position , " Cook said . "  So he 's not eaten alive . " Hamas , the dominant of two Palestinian political groups , has maintained that neither a U.N. application nor direct negotiations with Israel would provide the Palestinian people "  with what they 're looking for . " "  Abbas ' emotional speech succeeded in moving people 's feelings but his description of Palestinian suffering is different from reality , " said Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri . Hamas controls Gaza while Abbas ' Fatah organization holds the West Bank . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	It is time for a "  Palestinian Spring , " President Abbas tells the United Nations Palestinians want "  state without peace , " Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu argues The Quartet issues a timetable for an agreement not to exceed the end of 2012 Hamas spokesman says Abbas ' solution is not what Palestinians are looking for
CNN  -- Soccer superstar David Beckham has re-signed with the Los Angeles Galaxy , extending his stay with the team for another two years , the Major League Soccer team announced Wednesday . Beckham , 36 , known just as much for being an international sex symbol as a sportsman , had the best season of his five-year MLS career in 2011 , helping lead the club to its first championship since 2005 . "  I 've seen firsthand how popular soccer is now in the States and I 'm as committed as ever to growing the game here , " Beckham said about the deal . "  My family and I are incredibly happy and settled in America and we look forward to spending many more years here . " Despite "  many offers from clubs from around the world , " the former England captain said he is still passionate about playing in the United States . Who are January 's top transfer targets ? At one stage he had been expected to return to Europe during the January transfer window as part of his attempt to earn a place in Great Britain 's team for the 2012 Olympics in his home city of London . "  David had many options and we are pleased he felt comfortable , not only with our organization but also with Los Angeles , and will remain an important part of our club , our AEG family and our city , " Tim Leiweke , president and CEO of AEG , said in a statement . The two-time MLS all-star Beckham has tallied 31 assists and 11 goals for the Galaxy in 74 games . He had a league best four postseason assists last year . "  I felt that he was one of the best players in all of MLS last season and we could not have achieved the success that we did without him , " said Bruce Arena , Galaxy general manager and head coach . "  We look forward to trying to replicate that success this season with David once again in a Galaxy uniform . " Before joining the Galaxy midseason in 2007 , Beckham played for Real Madrid in the Spain 's top division , where he was one of soccer 's most recognizable faces . The former Manchester United star is credited with increasing the sport 's popularity in the United States and around the world . A 2002 feature-length film entitled "  Bend it Like Beckham " paid homage to the midfielder 's impressive ability at dead-ball situations . "  We have made great progress over the past five years in raising the profile of soccer domestically and the MLS on a worldwide stage , and we are encouraged by all the results , " said Simon Fuller , Beckham 's business partner and manager . "  His new deal confirms our commitment to continuing our journey and making sure the world 's biggest sport , soccer , continues to grow in the world 's most passionate sports-loving nation , the USA . " In the five years since Beckham 's arrival , the MLS has experienced "  exponential growth , " increasing from 12 teams in 2006 to 19 teams this season , with average attendance rising to 17,872 , a statement from the Galaxy said .	David Beckham 's 2011 season was best of his five-year MLS career Former England captain helped lead club to its first championship since 2005 He says he 's "  committed as ever " to growing soccer in the United States The 36-year-old had earlier considered returning to Europe ahead of Olympics
Chicago  CNN  -- Just two weeks after his wedding , Christophe Quancard was diagnosed with glioblastoma , one of the deadliest types of brain tumors . He was only 35 years old . The news was devastating . "  In our age group , no one is ready for the diagnosis ,  or  the possibility , " Quancard said . "  I mean , we know it 's out there , but you did n't think it would happen when you were still young and had so many other things that you were thinking about . " Quancard 's team of doctors encouraged him to get in touch with a group called Imerman Angels . The nonprofit matches cancer patients with cancer survivors so they can receive support from someone who has been down a similar path . Within a few days , Quancard was talking to Greg Cantwell , a 38-year-old survivor of late-stage brain cancer . Cantwell was diagnosed eight years ago , when his son was 1 , and had hoped to live until his son was at least 5 . The boy is now 9 . Cantwell is living proof that cancer is not a death sentence . And his experience has given Quancard much-needed help -- and hope -- during a difficult time . "  You do n't know what 's really going to hit you emotionally or what kind of therapies you may not have thought of , how to get help , how to make the best use of the resources you have , " said Quancard , 36 . "  You really need someone who 's been through this to help you . ... Somehow it makes it so much easier , even in the very hard parts that are coming . " Quancard is just one of thousands of cancer patients who 've found one-on-one support through Imerman Angels . "  We  want  to make sure that people that are diagnosed with cancer are able to reach a survivor who can look them in the eye and say : ` I 've been there . I beat it . And so will you , ' " said Jonny Imerman , a cancer survivor who started the group in 2002 . Imerman was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2001 , when he was just 26 years old . He went through a rigorous chemotherapy treatment that sometimes would last eight hours a day . One year later , doctors found more cancer , and Imerman underwent a procedure to remove four tumors from his spine . Now 37 , he says he was fortunate to have the constant support of family and friends as he battled the disease . "  They kept me going , " he said . "  With so much support , I did not have a chance to lose hope . " But other cancer patients between the ages of 15 and 39 are not always as fortunate . The National Cancer Institute recently reported that progress in treating adolescents and young adults has stagnated . Seven out of 10 patients in the age group go on to live at least five more years , but that statistic has n't improved in 30 years . "  Young adults are kind of a lost group of oncology patients , " said Dr. Peter Shaw , director of the Adolescent and Young Adult Oncology Program at Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh . "  They are in a gray area between pediatric and adult care . Unfortunately , they do n't always find their way to timely , optimal medical care . " There are several reasons why , Shaw said . "  They historically have been the least-insured age group in the U.S. , most physicians are less suspicious of cancer in healthy young adults , and many of these patients -- once diagnosed -- may still feel invincible and be in denial , leading to less compliance with their treatments , " he said . During Imerman 's five-month treatment in 2001 , he would walk the hospital halls in Detroit and see young cancer patients who were alone and struggling . "  Everyone is like a caged animal in these rooms . They were lying in bed , motionless , watching television or staring in space . ... You could see the fear in their faces , " Imerman said . "  And I felt guilty as I walked down the hallways and looked in these rooms . And finally ... I just walked in with my I.V. pole one day . ... "  I said : ` What kind of cancer do you have ? And what kind of chemo do you have ? ' ... These people were like open arms . They were so excited to have a visitor to talk to them . " Imerman began engaging other patients and offering support and camaraderie . "  It was instant friendship , " he said . "  You 're not talking surface level . You 're talking about life and death . My goal was to get in there and motivate patients so that they wanted to jump out of their chemo bed and literally start swinging at this thing . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations for 2012 Heroes close August 31 When Imerman was deemed cancer-free , his health improved and his spirits soared along with his dreams to offer hope to more cancer patients . Imerman started reaching out to doctors and hospitals and was referred to other cancer survivors . He collected data , spread the word and became a matchmaker of sorts . Today , nearly a decade later , Imerman Angels has a database of more than 4,000 survivor mentors . The group carefully pairs a cancer fighter with a mentor who had the same type of cancer . And caregivers , such as a spouse , parent , child or friend , can also be paired with other caregivers and survivors . The group tries to connect people who live in the same city and can meet in person . But its database also extends overseas , and some pairs communicate via phone and Skype . On average , the group creates five to seven pairs a day . Imerman Angels has made more than 8,000 matches in more than 65 countries . "  Our  cancer survivors have amazing stories and volunteer to give their story back , to help somebody else out with the same cancer , " Imerman said . "  We share stories . We listen . We learn . We become close and connected , because we expose probably the most vulnerable time of our lives . ... "  I think the bigger picture -- and what we need to do in a cancer world -- is create more friendships . " Survivors who have navigated the often-complex cancer system can share what they know with patients who are starting at square one and are often unsure where to turn . "  There 's a great benefit for an individual to be able to contact somebody else who 's struggled with the same problem , " said Dr. Steven T. Rosen , director of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University . "  To be able to get the perspective of another patient who can tell them about what to anticipate and also to see someone who 's been through the process , who 's had a good outcome and that there 's a light at the end of the tunnel . In many instances ... it improves their quality of life dramatically . " Imerman Angels runs on donations , and the majority of its small staff are cancer survivors . Although the group accepts men and women of any age , more than half of its roster is between 18 and 40 . "  Imerman Angels is incredible in the sense that they 're able to pair you up with someone that looks just like you and that gets it and that can tell you it 's going to be OK , " said Jenna Benn , who was diagnosed with a rare form of lymphoma when she was 29 . "  All of a sudden , your reality does n't seem so strange . It seems sort of normal . As much as I did n't want to be a part of this club and I did n't ask to be here , I 'm really happy that I have this community that Jonny has built . " Imerman continues to make his rounds at the oncology wings of Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago , just like he did in Detroit more than a decade ago . "  I 'm a survivor . You 're going to be , too , " he regularly tells patients . For Imerman , mentoring patients has helped him to live in the moment and embrace life without fearing a recurrence of cancer . "  I do n't really count the days since cancer , because it 's like every day 's a birthday , " he said . "  Every day is a good day . You 're happy you woke up . ... Life is amazing . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Imerman Angels website at www.imermanangels.org and see how to help .	Jonny Imerman wants to make sure no one has to battle cancer alone He started Imerman Angels to pair patients with cancer survivors Imerman is a survivor himself ; he tells people : "  I beat it . And so will you " Do you know a hero ? Nominations for 2012 CNN Heroes close August 31
CNN  -- I thought I was prepared for North Korea . After all , I 'd spent more than half my life studying , traveling to and living in the former Soviet Union as well as other Communist and post-Communist countries . Commuters head to work in downtown Pyongyang this past February . So , as we arrived at Pyongyang airport , I felt oddly at home . The same empty airport as in Leningrad in 1969 .  In the North Korean capital we later found out our flight was the only one scheduled for arrival that day . Staring down at our plane as we taxied to the terminal , a huge color portrait of Kim Il Sung , North Korea 's "  Great Leader . " No matter where we went over the next nine days , the gaze of Kim Il Sung , or his son , Kim Jong Il , the current ruler known as the "  Dear Leader , " would follow us , from portraits hung on buildings , monuments , bridges ... to lapel pins on the chests of almost everyone we met , including the two men who greeted us , Mr. Jang and Mr. Song , who would be our guides , minders and controllers for the duration of our stay . In 1969 , arriving in Russia as a student , it seemed that every street I traveled was decorated with the image of Vladimir Lenin , father of the Russian revolution . Adults wore lapel pins with images of the Bolshevik leader , children wore little "  Baby Lenin " pins . "  Lenin lived , Lenin lives , Lenin will live . " I was told , and so does Kim Il Sung , who died in 1994 . Even in death , the Communist leaders have something in common : their bodies are embalmed and lie in glass-covered coffins , on display in mausoleums in Moscow and Pyongyang . Russian experts reportedly helped the North Koreans with the cosmetic aspects of political immortality . The streets of the North Korean capital reminded me of Moscow in the 1960s . Almost no traffic , just official cars whizzing down empty boulevards , curtains pulled shut to protect elite Communist party members from the prying eyes of pedestrians . In Moscow they used to drive long black Zils or Volgas . In Pyongyang , it 's mostly older Mercedes , often an incongruous baby blue . In any country , one of the best ways to see how people live is to visit the food stores and markets . For several days we pestered our North Korean guides to take us to markets where the first tiny buds of capitalism are sprouting , the government allowing people to sell fruits and vegetables -- one way of relieving the food shortage in the North . In search of state-owned food stores , I went for a walk one evening in town , without a guide . The stores were closed , it was a holiday , but as I peered through the darkened window of one shop I went back in time to the stores I saw in Russia a quarter century ago . A few tin cans of fish stacked neatly in pyramids , a half-bare counter displaying a few lonely onions and cucumbers . This was in the capital , much better provisioned than the countryside , where North Koreans often go hungry . Choreographed encounters In Russia , our guides went to extraordinary lengths to control what we saw and limit our interaction with average people . Mr. Jang and Mr. Song must have studied at the same guide school . Their mentality was the same : make sure we saw nothing that could reflect negatively on the government or Communist Party leadership . One morning , as we were driven out of Pyongyang to a mountain resort ensuring we would be kept far from any interaction with ordinary people , we asked our guides to let us stop by the road and shoot some pictures of the countryside . Grudgingly , they agreed . Suddenly , the young one , 29-year-old Mr. Jang , sporting a sleek black pompadour and a smirk , told us to stop . "  There is an old woman down there , " he explained . Presumably , her bent back was not what he wanted on tape . Our older guide , Mr. Song , a former diplomat , was more flexible . He cracked a smile when I told him of how my Soviet escorts back in the 1970s took us on a boat ride down the Volga , refusing our pleas to stop along the way . At one deserted spot we were allowed to pull into shore for a picnic lunch . Several of us set off on foot to see what we could find . In a tiny village , we came upon a lovely young woman wearing makeup . When we complimented her on how nice she looked , she said : "  They told us you were coming . " Knowing that virtually every encounter is choreographed in advance creates a strange mind-warp . In Pyongyang we asked to see some of the everyday life in North Korea and our guides finally took us to the city park , a magnificently beautiful expanse of hills and trees . Hearing drumming in the distance , I walked swiftly to see where it was coming from . A few minutes away I spotted an open-air pavilion filled with older Koreans , most of them women in traditional flowing dress , cinched at the bust with a sash . They were singing , dancing and laughing uproariously , some of them beating out a rhythm on small red-painted drums shaped like an hourglass . I begin taking pictures . They simply smiled and kept dancing . Mr. Song caught up and we both surveyed the scene , utterly charming in its simplicity and gaiety . He turned to me with a smile and said , "  They knew you were coming . " Was he pulling my leg ? Was he telling the truth ? I guess I 'll never know but I prefer to think that at least this encounter with Koreans was not scripted . The North may have a hard-edged image in the world of fierce militarism and , just as in the old Soviet Union , much of life is run like the army , with group -- not individual -- activities the norm . Yet , in spite of that hard-edged atmosphere , there is an incongruous feeling of primness , as well . In Pyongyang , 20-something traffic girls direct the non-existent traffic , robot-like in their white uniforms , black hair pulled back in identical World War II-style chignons . They remind me of little Russian girls in their starched school uniforms , organdy bows in their hair . Women in Moscow dressed neatly , but modestly , with no access to imported clothes . It 's much the same here in Pyongyang yet there is one sign of changing times in today 's North Korea : a flash , here and there , of modest jewelry , unthinkable just a short time ago . Following the Great Leader How to understand what people really think and feel ? It 's a question I asked myself so many times in Russia and it hounds me here in North Korea . There was no way for our CNN crew to blend in , with our Western clothes , Western looks and our mandatory silk arm bands , given to us by our Foreign Ministry minders , navy blue with white lettering identifying us as journalists . In Russia , beneath the surface of repressive political control , if you looked hard enough , and spoke the language , you could sometimes find those lonely dissidents living in "  internal migration " rejecting the pressure to conform . In North Korea , conformity is taken to a degree I never imagined possible . At the "  Airarang , " the mass gymnastics show celebrating the 60th anniversary of the end of Japanese occupation of Korea , thousands of performers dressed in military uniforms re-enact the battles and suffering that gave birth to their country . Before the show , a murmuring in the audience builds to a buzz . The personal photographers of Kim Jong Il suddenly appear close to the seat of honor . As the short , rotund leader enters the stadium , the audience leap to their feet , clapping rapturously as "  Dear Leader " applauds them back . Do they believe in Kim ? Believe in his "  juche " philosophy of extreme self-reliance ? Unable to speak Korean , cut off from unscripted meetings with Koreans , I have no answer . Young Mr. Jang tries to explain it to me : Korea , he says , is like a rabbit . "  Its face is toward China . Its back is toward the United States . Its ass is toward Japan . Its mouth is toward Russia . " Korea , he tells me , needs no one . Its unity is its weapon . Surrounded by enemies , it must look to itself to survive . In the mountains a two-hour drive from Pyongyang , there is a massive museum cut into the mountainside , built to house all the gifts given by international leaders to Kim Il Sung and his son , Kim Jong Il . I ask what is the first gift Kim Il Sung was given ? The guide , an elegant woman in traditional dress , sweeps though the cold marble corridors , leading us to a room where a full-size train car stands , its elaborate wood interior and brass lamps buffed and polished , a gift from Soviet ruler Joseph Stalin . Down one more corridor to a final room on our tour , the diminutive guide tugs at the door and I gasp . A life-size figure of the Great Leader , dressed in a suit , standing amid trees near a lake , mountains in the distance . It is eerily real . Even the leaves on the trees rustle as a breeze  from a hidden fan ?  blows by . The music is solemn , stately . Mr. Jang and Mr. Song stand reverently and bow . The Great Leader stares blindly into the distance . Does he know where his country is headed ?	CNN correspondent recalls August 2005 visit to North Korea 's capital Visit by international visitors was tightly choreographed North Koreans are taught to adhere "  juche , " belief of self-reliance
Vienna , Austria  CNN  -- The United States and other countries offered to resume negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program on Tuesday as Iran signaled a willingness to let international inspectors visit a key military base . The United States , France , Britain , China , Russia and Germany offered to resume stalled talks in a letter from European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton . She was responding to an overture that Iran made last month . The prospect of negotiations comes amid rising concern that Israel may attack Iran to disrupt its nuclear program . Israel and the United States suspect Iran is trying to build a nuclear weapon . International inspectors also have voiced concern , but Iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian purposes . Meanwhile , Iran offered Tuesday to let international nuclear inspectors into one of its military bases , but only after significant details are worked out , its team at the International Atomic Energy Agency said . The head of the IAEA , the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency , said Monday inspectors wanted to get into the Parchin base as soon as possible because of evidence of ongoing activities at the base , which is suspected of being involved in testing related to nuclear weapons . Also on Monday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated that Israel will remain "  the master of its fate " in ensuring that Iran not obtain a nuclear weapon . "  Israel must reserve the right to defend itself , and after all , that 's the very purpose of the Jewish state : to restore to the Jewish people control over our destiny , " Netanyahu said in Washington . He said time for diplomacy was running out . "  We 've waited for sanctions to work , " he said . "  None of us can afford to wait much longer . As prime minister of Israel , I will never let my people live in the shadow of annihilation . " On Sunday , President Barack Obama warned that "  all elements of American power " remain an option to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons . He also emphasized that he prefers a diplomatic solution . IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano declined Monday to provide details on whether the activities at the Parchin military base involve ongoing testing or efforts to remove evidence . "  But I can tell you that we are aware that there are some activities at Parchin and it makes us believe that going there sooner is better than later , " Amano said . IAEA inspectors had asked to visit the facility during a February trip to Iran but were rebuffed , the agency and Iran have both said . Iran 's permanent mission to the United Nations agency said Tuesday the IAEA had been out of line to request access to Parchin , but that once the agency formulated an appropriate request , Iran would let inspectors in . Iran said Tuesday that the request came "  in spite of " an agreement between Iran and the IAEA . "  Considering the fact that it is a military site , granting access is a time consuming process and can not be permitted repeatedly , " Iran said . Nevertheless , it said it would allow access after the IAEA submits paperwork about "  all related issues . " Inspectors believe Iran may have used Parchin to test high explosives that could be used to detonate a nuclear weapon . IAEA inspectors visited Parchin twice in 2005 , but inspectors did not go into the building that housed the test chamber then , according to the IAEA . Iran offered access to another site late in the February visit , Amano said . But the inspection team in Iran was not outfitted to examine Marivan , a site the IAEA believes may have been used to test elements of a nuclear weapon in 2003 . Iran has said its nuclear program is entirely peaceful , but Amano said Iran 's failure to cooperate with international inspectors makes it impossible to be sure . In fact , the agency "  continues to have serious concerns regarding possible military dimensions " of Iran 's nuclear program , Amano said . Because Iran is not following an agreement to provide expanded information and broader access to international inspectors , the agency is "  unable to provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities in Iran , and therefore to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is in peaceful activities , " he said in a statement preceding his news conference . He added that the concern stems from "  overall credible information that indicates that Iran engaged in activities relevant to the development of nuclear explosive devices . " IAEA inspectors traveled to Iran in January and again in February to discuss the issue , but failed to reach an agreement , Amano said . Monday 's statement by Amano is not the first time the agency has questioned the purposes behind Iran 's nuclear program . Most recently , after the February visit by inspectors , the agency issued a report announcing that Iran had stepped up its efforts to produce enriched uranium in violation of international resolutions calling on it to stop . The agency expressed "  serious concerns " about potential military uses by Iran in that report . Among other things , Iran has tripled its monthly production of uranium enriched to contain a 20 % concentration of radioactive material and taken other steps to ramp up its nuclear program , Amano said Monday . While Iran has said the higher-level enrichment is meant to produce therapies for cancer patients and other peaceful purposes , international critics have called the efforts a troubling step toward possible militarization of nuclear technology . Nuclear weapons require concentrations of about 90 % . Amano said the agency would continue discussions with Iran and urged the country to abide by IAEA and U.N. resolutions on its nuclear program . Iran is under increasing international pressure regarding its nuclear program . The United Nations , the United States , the European Union and other countries have imposed sanctions related to Iran 's nuclear research , and speculation regarding a possible military strike on Iranian nuclear facilities has been rampant in recent months . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Matthew Chance and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. and its allies offer to resume negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program NEW : EU foreign policy chief makes offer on behalf of the U.S. and several other countries IAEA inspectors want to see Parchin military base about potential nuclear-related testing Israel and the United States vow not to let Iran get a nuclear weapon
President Obama won the 2012 presidential election by accumulating some of the most one-sided electoral constituencies in modern political history . Looking at a breakdown of the 2012 election exit polling , Obama won the 18 - to 29-year-old vote 60 % to 37 % , in spite of the fact that half of all recent college graduates are unemployed or underemployed . He won women by 11 points and unmarried women by an incredible 36 points . The marriage gap was far greater than the gender gap . Obama won African-Americans with 93 % of the vote , virtually unchanged from the 95 % he won in 2008 . Latinos , one of the fastest growing demographics , went 71 % to 27 % in favor of Obama . And he won with Asians by a similarly enormous margin . Among those who make less than $ 50,000 a year , Obama won 60 % to 38 % . Jindal : ` Stop being the stupid party ' Mitt Romney , on the other hand , won white voters 59 % to 39 % and those making over $ 50,000 a year by 53 % to 45 % . This was the drumbeat of the Obama campaign . To women they said : Republicans are waging a "  war on women , " trying to outlaw abortion and contraception and would take them back to their rights in the 1950s . To minorities they said : Republicans are anti-government services , cold-blooded individualists , and can not represent minority communities . To middle and low income Americans they said : Republicans are the party of the rich , who will slash taxes for only the richest Americans and cut social safety nets for the poor . Rather than offer a broad sweeping vision for the country , Democrats played identity politics . Republicans were the culprits , and women , young adults , black , Latinos , etc. . . were the victims . And voters believed it . Why ? For the same reason this litany -- gender , race , ethnicity , class -- sound so familiar . Opinion : Democrats , do n't get too cocky Voters believed it , not because it was something new or groundbreaking , but because this has been the template of many of our character-building institutions -- our public schools , our colleges , and public universities -- for the past 50 years . Go to any major university in America and this is the mindset that is taught , preached , and ingested . It also gets an assist from television drama , from the movies , and from much of the mainstream media . For decades liberals have succeeded in defining the national discourse , the terms of discussion , and , therefore , the election , in these terms . They have successfully set the parameters and focus of the national and political dialogue as predominantly about gender , race , ethnicity , and class . This is the paradigm , the template through which many Americans , probably a majority , more or less view the world , our country , and the election . It is a divisive strategy and Democrats have targeted and exploited those divides . Poll : Fiscal cliff headache for middle class How else can we explain that more young people now favor socialism to capitalism ? According to a Pew Research poll taken last year , 49 % of Americans age 18-29 have a positive view of socialism while just 46 % have a positive view of capitalism . Such a view has roots . So while we Republicans opine about election strategies and changing demographics , and appropriately so as that is our immediate order of business , in the long run we must address the problem at its source : the culture . Politics are downstream from the culture . Plato summarized the two most important questions in a society : Who teaches the young and what do we teach them ? For the past 50 years liberals have had majority control of the character-forming institutions . If the national dialogue stays on their terms -- gender , race , ethnicity , class -- Republicans will continue to lose . Opinion : Failure to attract millennials is sinking the GOP We must counter the discourse and speak and educate in terms of family , faith , freedom , principle , values , work , country , community , improvement , growth , and equality of opportunity . No longer can the Republican Party be solely the party of business . Who controls the terms of discussion , dialogue , and education controls the country and , therefore , the election . It 's time for Republicans to take it back . This will require much work and time , but there is no more important business .	William Bennett : Democrats played identity politics in the presidential race Bennett : Voters believed it because they have been preached at for the past 50 years He says liberals succeeded in focusing national discourse on gender , race , etc. . Bennett : It 's time for Republicans to begin framing political and cultural discussions
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two tropical cyclones have made landfall in eastern China , prompting the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of people from coastal areas as the Philippines and Taiwan assess the damage that one of the storms left in its wake . Tropical Storm Saola plowed into the southeastern Chinese province of Fujian on Friday morning , after the torrential rain and strong wind it brought to parts of the Philippines and Taiwan had left more than 40 people dead . Saola arrived hours after Typhoon Damrey had reached the Chinese coast farther north in Jiangsu Province . The last time two powerful storms struck China in such quick succession was in 2006 , according to CNNI Meteorologist Jennifer Delgado . In Fujian , the authorities relocated more than 300,000 people to "  safe places " ahead of Saola 's arrival , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported , citing the provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters . The authorities warned of potential floods and mudslides resulting from the storm 's heavy rain . Saola 's winds had weakened by the time it hit the Chinese coast . They had been at typhoon strength when the storm slammed into Taiwan on Thursday morning , reaching more than 140 kilometers per hour  87 mph  near its center . When Saola moved away from Taiwan on Thursday night , it had killed five people , injured 15 and left two missing , according to Taiwan 's Central Emergency Operations Center . More than 6,700 people had to be evacuated from affected areas , the center said . One of the deaths was filmed by a closed-circuit camera in Taipei , the capital of Taiwan . Video from the camera showed a man disappearing down a sink hole after the rain-sodden ground collapsed beneath him . Taiwan 's rugged terrain intensified the effect of the storm . "  The mountains really help enhance the rainfall , " said CNNI Meteorologist Taylor Ward . "  They basically force the air upwards , and that squeezes out the possible precipitation . " The casualties in Taiwan came on top of the 37 people killed and 33 injured by the storm in the Philippines , according to the country 's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . The deaths resulted from causes that included drowning , falling trees and landslides , the agency said . In all , Saola dropped as much as half a meter  1.5 feet  of rain over the Philippines , Ward said . The storm hovered near the country for several days . On Thursday night , Damrey was generating winds as strong as 126 kilometers an hour  78 mph  near its center when it made landfall in Jiangsu , Xinhua reported , citing the Chinese National Meteorological Center . Powerful winds and rainstorms from the storm have lashed nearby cities , Xinhua said , noting that 29 flights had been canceled at the Qingdao Liuting International Airport on Thursday night . No flights were canceled Friday morning , though , it said . Damrey had skirted southern Japan before traveling across the sea toward China 's northeastern coastline . East Asia has experienced a number of strong storms in recent weeks . Early last week , a powerful storm that hit the southern Chinese coast prompted Hong Kong to raise its strongest typhoon warning for the first time in 13 years , shuttering much of the city . The storm also pummeled the neighboring Chinese province of Guangdong with heavy wind and rain . Typhoon season in the region typically lasts from June through October , with an average of seven to 10 named storms hitting the Chinese coast . The storms usually form in the area between the Philippines and southern Japan , known as "  Typhoon Alley . " Inland China has also suffered from severe rain this summer . A violent rainstorm in Beijing last month caused the worst flooding in the Chinese capital in decades , killing at least 77 people and provoking criticism from residents about the city 's infrastructure and response to the disaster . Heavy rain elsewhere in China has left dozens more people dead , filled rivers and lakes to dangerous levels and forced the authorities to step up emergency preparations . On Thursday , Premier Wen Jiabao called on local authorities to intensify flood control efforts during a two-day tour of Henan and Hubei provinces , Xinhua reported . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Anjali Tsui contributed to this report .	NEW : The Chinese authorities have relocated more than 300,000 people Tropical Storm Saola hits the Chinese province of Fujian Hours earlier , Typhoon Damrey slams into the Chinese coast farther north Saola has already wreaked havoc in the Philippines and Taiwan , killing more than 40
CNN  -- Having waited to be heard , Amanda Knox is finally speaking for herself . Five and a half years after her roommate Meredith Kercher was found murdered in the house they shared , the notorious American student has published her own book . "  Waiting to Be Heard " was released this week in conjunction with her first network television interview -- together a triumph of spectacle over substance . But it could not have been otherwise . This murder was transformed into tabloid entertainment almost from the moment the body was carried out of the house , in picturesque Perugia , Italy , the day after Halloween 2007 . Amanda Knox concedes being ` tone-deaf ' in days after roommate 's murder Knox does n't know what happened that night and is unable to provide us with a single new clue that could unravel the Gordian knot of police error , lies , national pride and xenophobic prejudice that turned a simple crime into an international mystery . Since she can not offer that , her debut provides one thing only : performance . In her first television interview , she gave the same answers she has always given to the main questions about how she could have showered in a house with blood on a bathroom floor and faucet , and then , a few days later , named an innocent man as the killer . But this time the answers came with close-ups of the quivering lip and brimming eyes . All that emotion ca n't have distracted millions of viewers from the one thing that really matters : Who did it ? Knox has a terribly high hurdle in winning hearts and minds . She must overcome the challenge that confronts anyone convicted of a gruesome killing and then released without a substitute defendant . Millions of people believe she got away with murder . Her other problem is the one that 's dogged her from the start . If you want to , you can look at her and think she is acting . In her first interview , she occasionally looked evasive , her gaze drifting away . To many people that reads as shiftiness , but it can also have any number of more benign causes , including disorientation , PTSD or the very understandable nervousness that any untrained person would feel at being interviewed by a major television anchor for a national audience . Amanda Knox says her behavior was ` tone-deaf ' after murder Even in tears , she comes across as remote and cool . And years of coaching by attorneys still have n't prevented her from saying tone-deaf things such as expressing a desire to visit Kercher 's grave . She can not -- and probably never will -- provide a coherent explanation for why she named Patrick Lumumba , a demonstrably innocent man , as the killer . I 've always believed , based on the available descriptions of what went on in the police station before she signed a "  confession " putting him and herself in the house on the night of the murder , that the Perugia polizia wanted the killer to be a foreign man . After all , they were routinely arresting African , Arab and Albanian immigrants for drug and violent crimes that are increasing in what until recently was their homogeneous , walled Umbrian mountain town . When they saw what they thought was an appointment with an African immigrant on Knox 's cell phone , they screamed at and browbeat her -- without ever videotaping the interrogation -- until she gave in and agreed with them . It 's easy to envision that scenario if you believe , as I do , that all the evidence points to her innocence . It 's harder to accept if you think she might have been not just callous and blithe in the weeks before the murder and the days afterward , but an actual killer . Since she ca n't give us any real answers , was her book and her coveted interview worth all the money -- a reported $ 4 million -- and bated breath ? In the publishing world , the reaction was summed up by an editor I know : "  That used to be presidential memoir money . " But she spent four years in prison , wrongly accused , and endured outrageous and blatantly sexist abuse at the hands of the Italians . Take the sickening episode , which she reveals in her book , of being stripped and given a gratuitous manual gynecological exam immediately after being arrested and before being sent to jail . Four million bucks ca n't repair having one 's persona hijacked , remade into the likeness of a witch or a female Charles Manson , and broadcast around the world . Most of that money has probably gone to the lawyers anyway , a gaggle of men in suits , for whom greasing the wheels of justice -- even when that "  justice " is really about upholding the honor of police and prosecutors who made big investigative missteps -- and getting paid take precedence over figuring out what actually happened . If anything was left over , it went toward hauling a middle-class American family out the debt hole into which they plunged when they double-mortgaged their houses to defend their kid . In the end , this tragedy is about two very provincial families , one from suburban Seattle , one from north London , who have no idea what happened and who will never get answers , no matter how much money gets thrown around , no matter how many television interviews are granted , or books written or even court reviews concluded . No , they wo n't get answers until Rudy Guede -- whose fingerprints and DNA were in the room , who is in prison for the killing and who has never denied being present while Kercher bled to death -- explains what really happened . In the meantime , the lesson for those families and others like them seems to be keep your kids home and lock your doors . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nina Burleigh .	Amanda Knox publishes book , appears on TV five years after roommate was found murdered Nina Burleigh : Knox does not come across as authentic and has nothing new to say Burleigh : The man who knows the truth is in prison for the murder , but focus is on Knox She was in prison four years , wrongly accused , demonized and endured abuse , she says
CNN  -- Singer Usher Raymond 's ex-wife is asking a judge to give her custody of their two children after the oldest suffered a "  near-death accident . " Five-year-old Usher Raymond V nearly drowned "  in a swimming pool and is currently hospitalized in the intensive care unit of the Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta Hospital , " Tameka Foster said in an emergency motion filed Tuesday in a Fulton County , Georgia , court . Her son "  is doing much better , " according to a Twitter posting by Foster on Wednesday afternoon . The mother has been with him at the hospital since she learned of the accident Monday , her lawyer told CNN . A hearing is set for an Atlanta courtroom Friday afternoon for the motion , her lawyer said . The other child , Naviyd , is 4 years old . In a statement released Wednesday , Usher said : "  I am blessed and fortunate to say that my son Usher V is doing well and is recovering . I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of prayers , love and support for my family 's well-being . " The singer did not address his ex-wife 's allegations or the upcoming hearing . Usher won primary custody of the children last year after a bitter court fight in which Foster accused the singer of being an absentee father . Foster renewed her arguments based on Monday 's accident , contending the singer "  continues to excessively travel , utilizes third-party caregivers to supervise the minor children rather than personally exercising parenting time and providing supervision for the minor children . " Usher is "  not capable of providing daily caregiving and supervision for the minor children of the parties as petitioner is preparing to film a movie in Panama and has ongoing commitments that require his presence in Los Angeles , New York and various other cities for the Voice and his upcoming album . " Her motion alleges that Usher is away from Atlanta -- where she and the children live -- "  in excess of 85 % of each month . " He refuses to let her see the children when he leaves town , saying he "  would rather the nanny raise the children , " Foster contends . Foster also complained that her ex-husband does not talk to her about issues affecting the boys , "  including school enrollment and summer activities . " The private school in which he just enrolled them is more than an hour from her home , she said . And , Usher has not given her the phone number to the home he moved to with the children in June , she said . Foster 's tweets posted Wednesday read : "  Cabin fever . . But I 'm so happy to say that my son is doing much better . Talking & asking for food . Thank you for ur well wishes & prayers . " and " ... And no I have n't gone anywhere or done anything . #Relax " Foster blames the swimming accident on "  the negligence and failure to properly supervise " the children . Usher 's aunt was in charge of the children when the oldest son "  suffered a near-death accident while left unsupervised in a swimming pool , " the motion contends . "  I need an ambulance , " his aunt , Rena Oden , told an emergency operator in a call to 911 . "  My nephew was in the pool , and I could n't get him , I tried to get him . " A recording of the call was made public by police Tuesday . The aunt , a housekeeper and another woman were "  unsuccessful in pulling the victim from the pool drain , " but two men who were installing sound equipment in the home rushed to help , the report said . "  They 're doing CPR on him now , " Oden told the operator . "  Is he coming around ? He 's breathing ! " Sound technician Eugene Stachurski rescued the child from the drain and used CPR to revive him on the side of the pool , the police report said . About five minutes into the recording , Oden told the operator that paramedics had arrived at the home and had taken over . The child was "  conscious , alert and breathing " when the ambulance took him to a hospital , where he was kept overnight for observation , the police report said . Usher 's former stepson -- also Foster 's son -- died in a watercraft accident on a north Georgia lake last year . CNN 's Tory Dunnan and Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Usher says his son is "  doing well and is recovering " Usher 's ex-wife blames singer 's absence for son 's "  near-death accident " Tameka Foster accuses Usher of being gone 85 % of the time Sound technician Eugene Stachurski rescued the child and used CPR to revive him
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- A former member of the Arab League monitoring team in Syria said he resigned from the mission because it is "  providing the regime cover for more killing " and "  shameful " brutality . "  I quit because I found myself serving the regime and not part of an independent monitoring body , " Anwar Malek , an Algerian , told Al-Jazeera in an interview Wednesday . His remarks were translated by CNN . "  I am unable to stop the killing . " The Arab League embarked on a fact-finding mission in Syria in December , part of an initiative to end the bloody 10-month-long crackdown by President Bashar al-Assad 's government against peaceful protesters . The League wants the government to stop violence against civilians , free political detainees , remove tanks and weapons from cities and allow outsiders , including the international news media , to travel freely around Syria . The purpose of the mission is to see how the government is adhering to the plan . The Arab League confirmed to CNN that Malek was part of the observer team . Mahmoud Nasser , an Arab League official in Cairo , told CNN that Malek had been sick during his stint and attended only a limited number of field visits . He "  had requested to fly to Paris for medical treatment during the mission . He has excused himself from the mission , " Nasser said . Malek 's comments reflect the position of opposition activists , who regularly report government brutality and document casualties . "  It 's practicing the same activities more blatantly , " Malek said of the Syrian government . "  It 's even killing its supporters to convince the Arab monitors that the regime is just doing their job to provide security and to gain sympathy . I felt like I myself would become a government thug , that 's why I 've quit . " Asked what he witnessed and what led to his resignation , Malek described grisly scenes in Homs , the restive city that has been an epicenter of anti-Assad sentiment . "  Most importantly , the human feeling that I lived over 15 days in Homs ; I was in Baba Amr , Khalidya , Bab Sbaa , Sultaniya . I 've been to all these areas , I 've seen shameful scenes , burnt bodies that had undergone torture , skinned bodies , children murdered , and every now and then we would see someone shot by a sniper . I 've seen all of that with my own eyes . I just can not give up my humanity in the face of that or pretend to be independent or neutral when faced with it , " he added . Malek said he viewed detention facilities and "  found people in a definitely deplorable and tragic state . " "  People are undergoing systematic torture and starvation , where they are only given one snack a day , although those who underwent severe conditions were secretly transported to other areas , such as military zones or facilities that we know nothing about . " He also claimed that there were "  soldiers and maybe intelligence officers that were presented to us as being prisoners . " Asked how he would know that , Malek said he has "  some experience with prisons . " "  When someone lives in such a place , his odor would be similar to that of the jail cell . Some of those people smelled like women 's perfume . Where did that come from ? " Malek was also asked about remarks from the head of the monitors , who had said the situation is n't as bad as Malek said it is . Sudanese Lt. Gen. Mohamed Ahmed Mustapha al-Dabi is heading the observation mission . "  I believe that the head of the monitors wants to hold the stick from the middle , in order not to upset the authority or any other party . He picks his words so not to upset anybody . He always discourages us from speaking to the media so as not to say something that would upset a certain party and hence hinder our work . But the situation is tragic and Baba Amr and all other areas in Homs that I 've been to for a while can only be described as an absolute disaster zone . Houses are destroyed after being bombarded by heavy weapons , all signs show that heavy weapons are still there , " Malek said . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : An Arab League official said Malek had health issues during his stint Malek said he saw ` shameful scenes ' in Homs Prisoners were in ` deplorable ' states , Malek said
CNN  -- The president of the United Arab Emirates has undergone surgery after a stroke and is in stable condition , the ministry of presidential affairs said Saturday . "  The Ministry announces that President His Highness Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan suffered a stroke on Friday morning , 24th January , " the ministry said in a statement . "  He immediately underwent a surgical operation . His health is now stable . " It gave no further details . Al Nahyan became president of the UAE in 2004 .	UAE President undergoes surgery after suffering a stroke on Friday morning Ministry of Presidential Affairs says Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan is in a stable condition Al Nahyan became president of the UAE in 2004
CNN  -- This month icon will be with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra . "  It 's like watching incredible shoals of fish in the Maldives just move together . There 's an organic feeling in how the orchestra wants to play , and it 's like a type of breathing , " Sir Simon Rattle . The orchestra has played everywhere from disused warehouses to the poorer outskirts of German towns . The 300-strong Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra , under Sir Simon Rattle 's leadership , is dedicated to making classical music accessible to everyone . Rattle tells icon the ingredients that make the perfect orchestral performance . Myleene Klass discusses the greatest piano recital ever written with Norwegian virtuoso and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra 's newly appointed pianist in residence , Leif Ove Andsnes . Plus , icon uncovers how Antonio Stradivarius created some of the greatest violins on earth . The show travels to Cremona in Italy , the heart of violin making to speak with the craftsmen who continue to construct instruments in the same tradition . Finally , the orchestra 's concert master violinist Daishin Kashimoto , along with guest musicians Yo Yo Ma and Ann Sophie Mutter , explains what it feels like to play a Stradivarius . Watch the show at the times below : Thursday 24 February : 1230 , 1830 Saturday 26 February : 0730 , 1600 , 2330 Sunday 27 February : 0430 , 0830 , 1930  All times GMT	The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra is trying to make classical music more accessible Conductor Sir Simon Rattle on the ingredients for a perfect performance Plus , icon travels to Cremona , Italy to speak with master violin craftsmen
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- So much for Southern hospitality . The attack took place on April 27 at Southern Tracks Recording in Atlanta , Georgia . When Pearl Jam -- the Seattle , Washington-based grunge rock band -- was in the Atlanta area late last month , bass guitar player Jeff Ament and a band employee were mugged outside a recording studio , a police report shows . According to the DeKalb County Police Department , Ament and Mark Anthony Smith were attacked shortly before noon on April 27 when they arrived at Southern Tracks Recording . Southern Tracks is the home base of producer Brendan O'Brien , with whom the band has worked before . According to Rolling Stone , the band is recording a new album with the producer . Three men reportedly emerged from a nearby wooded area wearing masks and brandishing knives . They smashed windows of the rented Jeep Commander , snatched a BlackBerry phone and other belongings , and demanded money , the police report shows . The suspects allegedly got away with more than $ 7,300 in goods and cash . Ament jumped from the passenger side of the vehicle and started to run , but he was chased by a suspect and knocked to the ground , said Mekka Parish , a public information officer with the police department . Watch surveillance video of the attack " She said he "  suffered some lacerations " on the back of his head and was treated at the scene . His backpack was also snatched , she said , and included inside was Ament 's passport . "  At this time detectives believe the victims were not specifically targeted , " Parish said . "  But they believe the suspects were familiar with the studio because of its isolated location . " Though surveillance cameras captured the incident , the masks worn by the attackers have made identifying suspects difficult . Witnesses reported seeing the suspects flee through the woods and hop into a waiting black Maxima , Parish added . Anyone with leads on this case is encouraged to call 770-724-7850 .	Pearl Jam 's bassist was mugged in Atlanta , Georgia , on April 27 , police say Jeff Ament and one of the band 's employees were outside recording studio Police say masked men with knives snatched more than $ 7,300 in cash and goods Ament suffered head lacerations , which were treated at the scene
CNN  -- Concerns about the "  mental stability " of the Washington Navy Yard shooter were raised by his supervisors and others , but never reported to military officials as required , the Navy said on Tuesday . Aaron Alexis , 34 , killed 12 people and wounded several others in a rampage at the historic military facility last September before he was killed by police . A Navy report placed much of the blame on Alexis ' employer , a firm called The Experts Inc. , a technology subcontractor of HP Enterprise Services . The report said the former reservist previously had been "  observed by several people , " including supervisors at both companies , "  to behave in a way that raised concerns about his mental stability and presented indicators that he may cause harm to others . " Had the military known this , the report said that his authorization to access secure facilities and information "  would have been revoked . " CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Report says employees at contractor noted behavior that raised concerns The report by the Navy said had it known , the government would have yanked clearances Alexis Aaron shot and killed 12 people last year before being killed by police
CNN  -- A forceful Mitt Romney went toe-to-toe with President Barack Obama on the dominant issues for voters , challenging the Democrat 's policies on the economy , taxes and health care in the first of three debates ahead of the November election . In exchanges full of policy proposals , facts and figures , the Republican challenger was more aggressive in the 90-minute encounter in criticizing Obama 's record and depicting the president 's vision as one of big government . The president firmly defended his achievements and challenged his rival 's prescriptions as unworkable . Neither candidate scored dramatic blows that will make future highlight reels , and neither veered from campaign themes and policies to date . But Romney came off as the more energized candidate overall by repeatedly attacking Obama on red-meat issues for Republicans such as health care reform and higher taxes , while the president began with lengthy explanations and only later focused more on what his opponent was saying . Moderator Jim Lehrer of PBS , at times , tried without success to keep the candidates within time limits for responses , especially Obama , who ended up speaking four minutes longer than Romney . "  A week ago , people were saying this was over . We 've got a horse race , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , who called the debate Romney 's best so far after the 22 the former Massachusetts governor took part in during the GOP primary campaign . Alex Castellanos , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor , expressed surprise at Romney 's strong performance , saying he "  rose to the moment " and seemed to benefit from the multiple primary debates . "  It looked like Romney wanted to be there and President Obama did n't want to be there , " noted Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville . "  The president did n't bring his ` A ' game . " A CNN/ORC International poll of 430 people who watched the debate showed 67 % thought Romney won , compared to 25 % for Obama . Romney 's strongest moments came in repeating his frequent criticism of Obama 's record , saying the nation 's high unemployment and sluggish economic recovery showed the president 's policies have n't worked . "  There 's no question in my mind if the president is re-elected , you 'll continue to see a middle-class squeeze , " Romney said , adding that another term for Obama also will mean the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare , "  will be fully installed . " At another point , he noted how $ 90 billion spent on programs and policies to develop alternative energy sources could have been devoted to hiring teachers or other needs that would bring down unemployment . Obama argued that his policies were working to bring America back from the financial and economic crisis he inherited , and that Romney refused to divulge specifics about his proposed tax plans and replacements for the health care reform act and Wall Street reform act that the Republican has pledged to repeal . "  At some point , the American people have to ask themselves if the reason that Governor Romney is keeping all these plans secret is because they 're too good , " Obama said . What questions went unanswered ? Share your thoughts with CNN iReport On taxes , Obama said Romney 's plan of tax cuts for the rich had failed before and would fail again now . Describing the Romney tax plan as a $ 5 trillion cut , Obama echoed a line from former President Bill Clinton by saying the math does n't add up without increasing tax revenue , which Romney rejects "  I think math , common sense and our history shows us that 's not a recipe for job growth , " Obama said . Romney , however , said Obama still pushed the same policies as when he took office four years earlier , and those steps had failed to bring down high unemployment and get the economy surging again . He rejected Obama 's characterization of his tax plan , saying it wo n't add to the deficit , and criticized the president 's call for allowing tax rates on income over $ 250,000 for families and $ 200,000 for individuals to return to the higher rates of the 1990s . "  The National Federation for Independent Businesses has said that will cost 700,000 jobs . I do n't want to cost jobs , " Romney said . Obama responded that the revenue issue is "  a major difference " he has with Romney , noting the former Massachusetts governor rejected the idea of cutting $ 10 in spending for every $ 1 in new revenue during the Republican primary campaign . Complete coverage : CNN 's election center In his strongest line of the night , Obama said Romney lacked the important leadership quality of being able to say "  no " when necessary . "  I 've got to tell you , Governor Romney , when it comes to his own party during the course of this campaign , has not displayed that willingness to say no to some of the more extreme parts of his party , " Obama said in reference to his challenger 's swing to the right during the primaries to appeal to the GOP 's conservative base . Romney repeatedly went after Obama on the health care reform bill , at one point asking why the president focused so strongly on a measure that passed with no Republican support instead of devoting more attention to the high unemployment and creaking economy . With polls narrowing less than five weeks before Election Day , Obama and Romney launched a new phase in a bitter race dominated so far by negative advertising as both camps try to frame the election to their advantage . Whether it matters is itself a topic of debate . According to an analysis by Gallup , televised debates have affected the outcome of only two elections in the past half century -- Nixon-Kennedy in 1960 and Bush-Gore in 2000 . Debates by the numbers Both candidates had their wives in the audience at the University of Denver in Colorado for the debate taking place on the 20th wedding anniversary of the president and first lady Michelle Obama . Obama opened the debate by promising his wife they would n't be celebrating their anniversary next year in front of 40 million people , and Romney joked that Obama found the most romantic place possible for the anniversary . Analysts say Obama needed a presidential performance rather than fireworks or haymakers in order to maintain and build on a narrow edge in polls that indicate a very close election on November 6 . Romney , who has been unable to catch the president in most of the polls to date , sought to generate enthusiasm for a change in the White House as the nation wrestles with seemingly chronic economic problems such as mounting federal deficits and debt . 5 things to watch in tonight 's debate Lehrer , moderating his 12th presidential debate , planned to break up the debate into 15-minute segments focusing on different aspects of the economy and other domestic issues . However , the exchanges by the candidates scrambled the format , with the opening discussion on taxes lasting more than 20 minutes . Debate time : The candidates ' version of the two-minute drill The two candidates shook hands and shared a laugh after being introduced by Lehrer as the audience applauded before being asked to remain silent for the remainder of the debate . At one point , a loud bang off-stage seemed to surprise Romney in mid-sentence , and Obama looked behind him to try to see what happened . The other presidential debates will occur on October 16 in New York and October 22 in Florida . Vice President Joe Biden and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , Romney 's running mate , will debate on October 11 in Kentucky . Where they stand : The candidates and their positions CNN 's John King and Amy Roberts contributed to this report .	NEW : Romney , Obama offer differing policies on taxes and the economy NEW : A quick CNN/ORC poll says debate watchers think Romney won The 90-minute debate is first of three for the presidential contenders Jim Lehrer of PBS moderates his 12th presidential debate
CNN  -- What 's in a name ? If you are Mohamed Ibrahim Makkawi , years of trouble and the shadow of a senior al Qaeda figure lurking over your every move . Makkawi 's arrival at Cairo 's airport Wednesday caused a brief flutter of excitement . Could it be that one of the most senior figures in al Qaeda had been detained in dramatic  and highly unlikely  fashion after stepping off an Emirates flight from Islamabad in Pakistan ? The confusion arose because Saif al-Adel -- regarded as al Qaeda 's third-most-senior figure -- had long been associated with an alias identical to Makkawi 's name . The two men do have some common background . Both were Egyptian military officers who joined the Egyptian Islamic Jihad . Makkawi was a major and an explosives expert in Egypt 's Special Forces . He went on trial in 1987 for his Islamist connections and was dismissed from the army . Both he and al-Adel -- then a lieutenant and apparently a more active militant -- left for Pakistan and joined Osama bin Laden 's jihad . By 1988 , Makkawi was fighting Soviet forces and their surrogates in Afghanistan . "  I last saw Makkawi in 1989 when we fought together , " Mohamed Omar Abdel Rahman , another former jihadist from Egypt , told CNN Wednesday . "  I also knew al-Adel well and fought alongside with him during our jihad , " added Abdel Rahman , who is also the son of the blind sheikh now serving a jail term in the United States for his involvement in the 1993 attempt to blow up the World Trade Center . According to a source who followed al Qaeda at the time , Makkawi fell out with bin Laden and Ayman al Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's current leader , soon after arriving in Pakistan . By about 1990 , the source says , Makkawi had given up the gun in favor of contributing to a magazine in Islamabad -- Akdas Wakadaya or "  Events and Issues . " Nearly a decade later , al-Adel became a wanted man for his part in the plots to blow up the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . U.S. authorities published his profile as part of the Rewards for Justice program and listed "  Muhamad Ibrahim Makkawi " as an alias . And the real Makkawi 's nightmare began . By then , he had married a Pakistani woman and was living as a political refugee in Islamabad . For 10 years , Makkawi was regularly confused with al Qaeda 's rising star . He adopted the e-mail address "  Unjustly_Guilty @ ... , " and from his home in Islamabad 's Upper Portion began a campaign to clear his name . CNN has obtained a copy of a letter Makkawi wrote to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in 2009 that recounts his appeals to authorities in several countries . "  I am trying to resettle my normal life in Pakistan after getting married to a Pakistani lady but have accomplished nothing as a result of the Egyptian and Saudi regime 's pressure on Pakistani agencies and my moral obduracy , " he began . Makkawi said his children had been expelled from school and friends , neighbors and relatives had become informants for intelligence agencies . "  After the agencies lost hope to force me to accept fake al Qaeda No. 3 role and the big 9/11 lie , they attempted to kill me and my two elder sons by despicable means , " Makkawi claims , adding that at one point there had been an attempt to poison him . In desperation , he told the UNHCR , he appealed to President George W. Bush and also asked the FBI to detain him . "  Hoping to put an end to this preposterous puppet show and to put myself under the responsibility of FBI , I sent an e-mail on 7th September 2005 to the head office of FBI requesting to be arrested and to face all accusations raised against me in a fair trial , " he wrote . He did not receive a reply . Somehow , after being denied travel papers for more than 10 years , Makkawi was apparently able to obtain travel documents from the Egyptian Embassy in Islamabad . And then he boarded a plane to Cairo Wednesday , in an effort to clear his name and expunge the shadow of Saif al-Adel . The confusion over his real identity persisted for some hours after his arrival . Eventually , the Egyptian Ministry of Interior confirmed that al-Adel was still at large . "  Mohamed Ibrahim Makkawi is not Saif al-Adel , " the ministry said . "  There is obvious confusion of data among security apparatus and the media . They are two different people . " But the real Makkawi 's troubles are far from over . The Interior Ministry confirmed to CNN that Makkawi was still a wanted man and faced charges of terrorism and conspiracy to topple the regime . He will remain in detention and appear before the Higher State Security Court , the ministry said . CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	There are many similarities between Makkawi and al-Adel Makkawi has fought for years to clear his name Egypt 's Interior Ministry says al-Adel is still at large
Sharpes , Florida  CNN  -- For most , jail may well be an unpleasant experience . Some facilities are rough and tough places , serving bad food and filled with a whole host of society 's underachievers . Meanwhile , one Florida jail is being sued by one of its inmates who says he 's being tortured -- because he has to watch the same movies over and over again . "  It 's a lot like Chinese water torture , " said James Poulin . In an interview with CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 , Poulin said that the Brevard County Detention Center 's inmates are n't able to watch regular television and are forced to watch the same movies repeatedly . Movies like wartime epics "  Saving Private Ryan , " and "  Black Hawk Down , " and the holiday classic "  Polar Express , " with its boisterous children on a speeding train . "  I hear those little kids screaming through my brain . All night long I can hear them , " Poulin said "  I can close my eyes , but I 'm still going to hear them over and over and over , " he added . Poulin has been at the jail for almost four years now , so it 's not too surprising that he 's seen a couple of the features more than once . He 's been there since early 2007 , when he was charged in a DUI crash that killed his female passenger . Poulin should have been at the jail only a short time , but he 's filed 15 court motions for continuances , which have delayed his trial . He 's also filed six lawsuits against the jail . All the previous lawsuits have been dismissed except one in which he demands access to newspapers and publications . "  We 're not preventing him from receiving any material , " said Commander Susan Jeter of the Brevard County jail . "  He just has to get a subscription and pay for it , " she told CNN . But magazines and newspapers are taking a back seat to Poulin 's complaints in a new lawsuit that he has to watch the same movies again and again . Jeter says that tough economic times have affected the jail 's budget , just like they 've affected most people 's budgets . When the broadcast networks switched over to digital technology , the jail would have been forced to purchase new TV equipment . As a savings move , the jail decided to keep its old TVs and DVD players , thereby losing the ability to get TV channels . "  We decided to do things more constructively , " said Jeter . Jail officials restructured their program to offer more educational DVDs , as a way to help the inmates . "  We try to keep them informed , and provide something that could keep them from getting AIDS or hepatitis ... instead of watching Jerry Springer , " said Jeter . Jeter says that historical DVDs are often followed by movies about the period . So , movies like "  Saving Private Ryan , and "  Black Hawk Down , " have gotten some play . But that does n't appear to be good enough for Poulin . It seems he does n't necessarily have to have his MTV , but he does crave just plain TV . "  The jail has the necessary equipment already to go ahead and give us regular TV , " he said . "  We have a right to the media in jail , " he said . Jail officials say that in the time that live TV access has been gone from the jail , inmate-on-inmate violence is way down . "  There are families that do n't even have cable TV . We ca n't bring it in for his  Poulin 's  benefit , at the taxpayers ' expense , " said Jeter . "  He does n't have to watch it , " she said of the movies programming . "  He can go in his room and close the door . He can read a book . No one forces him to watch . " "  When you have someone here as long as him , he is going to see a rerun . "	A Florida jail inmate says watching the jail 's few movies over and over is "  torture " Jail officials say they do n't have cable TV for cost reasons , but they do have movies and DVDs The inmate wants to take it to court He 's been at the jail nearly four years after filing 15 court motions delaying his trial
It takes Dr Gernot Groomer three hours to put on the spacesuit he hopes will , one day , walk across the surface of Mars . It 's worth taking time when you 're wearing a suit made from roughly 10,000 parts , designed for the most treacherous environment yet to be encountered by a human being . Groomer is the Austrian astrobiologist responsible for building a spacesuit for the Mars explorers of tomorrow -- and he 's taking inspiration from armor worn by medieval knights . He explains that -- after the titanic effort required to get there -- simply surviving on the red planet will be a grueling battle . Mars : survival Groomer paints a terrifying picture of an astronaut 's view over the Martian landscape : abrasive particles of glassy sand , whipped into dust-storms  with wind speeds of 200kph/125mph  ; Galactic cosmic rays of radiation , with only the thinnest atmosphere to block it ; temperatures plummeting to minus 130 degrees Celsius . It 's an environment the enthusiastic scientist refers to -- without risking exaggeration -- as "  fairly " hostile . Aouda.X : a wearable spacecraft In a small research facility -- nestled among the Alps in Innsbruck , Austria -- Groomer 's team at the Austrian Space Forum are developing a suit to withstand the challenge . The result : a "  spacecraft to wear . " The 45 kilogram suit incorporates air and power supplies , communication devices , sensors to take biometric readings , and ventilation -- plus all the facilities required to allow the astronaut to eat , drink and  even  scratch their nose while away from base . No contact It 's a robotic creation with all the life-supports systems of a conventional spacesuit but with added capabilities needed to operate all alone on a distant planet -- where fast communication with earth is impossible . There , the suit will have to double as companion , adviser and mission control to the astronaut . It 's 50 % software , says Groomer : a built-in virtual assistant will be on hand to say "  be careful you 're running out of oxygen " or "  your next target is 2 kilometers away . " Staying tough Wearing the Apollo-era suits sported by moonlanders , the Mars explorers would be "  very dead , very soon " , Groomer warns -- the suits being not nearly robust enough for the longer term missions they 'll be expected to undertake across Mars ' "  totally unforgiving " landscape . The suits are designed to be repaired mid-mission but Groomer says he 's also been looking to medieval armories for inspiration for the tough mars suits -- taking cues for the design of its upper torso from an armor suit he found recently . Watch : See how NASA spacesuits are tested The smart suit Groomeer 's main concern , though , is not toughness . He and his team are caught up in a mini-Space Race : developing suits in competition with NASA and North Dakota University 's NDX-2 , MIT 's BioSuit , and others . Where the other teams ' suits are strongly focused on withstanding the physical strains of walking on Mars , Groomer claims his team 's effort is the most intelligent : "  The big difference in our suit is that we consider it as a central hub for an entire family of instruments , " meaning the wearer can keep control of a robotic explorer vehicle and all the devices and sensors to be housed at the Martian base station . It might sound impressive , but the word Groomer keeps mentioning is "  safety . " The complex computer systems are as much as he can do to keep the astronauts of the future safe , 380 million kilometers from home . Watch the video above for more on the Aouda.X spacesuit .	Watch ! Aouda.X : the prototype spacesuit for Mars exploration Dr Gernot Groomer has designed the suit to be the "  smartest " suit yet Dr Groomer 's team at the Austrian Space Forum face competition from other suits The finished suit will be a "  spacecraft to wear , " says Groomer
CNN  -- A New York State Supreme Court justice dismissed Friday a defamation lawsuit against Syracuse University and its longtime head basketball coach , Jim Boeheim . The suit was filed in December by two former ball boys for the basketball team , who have accused Bernie Fine , a former assistant coach , of repeated sexual abuse when they were children . Boeheim initially supported Fine , a longtime friend and colleague , accusing Mike Lang and his stepbrother , Bobby Davis , of fabricating their accusations of Fine 's alleged misconduct . The coach later apologized for his comments . Justice Brian DeJoseph of the Onondaga County Supreme Court ruled Friday that the initial statements made to media outlets by Boeheim "  were likely to be an opinion -- a biased , passionate , and defensive point of view of a basketball coach -- rather than objective fact . Thus , plaintiff 's defamation claim against Boeheim fails as a matter of law . " Kevin Quinn , Syracuse 's senior vice president for public affairs , said the university is "  gratified " by the decision . Gloria Allred , an attorney for Lang and Davis , vowed to appeal . "  It is difficult enough for victims of childhood sexual abuse to come forward . This decision sends the message that you can attack the alleged victim and call him a liar with impunity . It makes it even harder for victims to come forward , " she said in a statement . Fine was fired from Syracuse in November after the allegations surfaced . He has not been charged with a crime and has maintained his innocence . CNN 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .	NEW : Plaintiffs ' attorney vows to appeal the decision The suit was brought by two former ball boys who accused Boeheim of slander Boeheim accused the men of fabricating allegations against a former Syracuse coach A judge rules the comments "  were likely to be an opinion ... rather than objective fact "
Berlin  CNN  -- An Italian anarchist group has claimed responsibility for a failed mail bomb attack on Deutsche Bank CEO Josef Ackermann , German investigators said Thursday . A suspicious package sent to Ackermann contained a functioning bomb , law enforcement officials in the state of Hesse said . The package also contained a note from the Informal Federation of Anarchists , or FAI , the Frankfurt state prosecutor and Hesse investigators said in a statement . The note mentioned "  three explosions against banks , bankers , ticks and blood suckers , " the officials said . The letter raises the possibility that two other letter bombs were sent out to other institutions , the statement said . The FAI an offshoot of the Italian Anarchist Federation . The group has claimed responsibility in previous years for failed mail bombs sent to some European embassies . Formed in 1945 , the Italian Anarchist Federation had seen "  a slow but constant increase " of supporters in recent years , said the website of an umbrella group , L'International des Federations Anarchistes . The Italian organization aims for "  radical change " in support of "  oppressed and exploited peoples , " doing so with opposition to political powers and even the Catholic Church , the website said . The package was intercepted Wednesday , said police in New York , whom the Germans alerted so they could step up security at Deutsche Bank offices in Manhattan . The device , which contained shrapnel , was detected in the bank 's mail room around 1 p.m. local time , said New York Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne . It did not detonate . "  The return address was listed as a European central bank , which would likely increase the chances of him opening it , " said Browne , who urged a general increase in mail room security .	NEW : Note from anarchist group mentions "  three explosions , " raising possibility of other bombs The package was intercepted Wednesday at Deutsche Bank mail room in Germany Police in Germany say it was a functioning bomb , but did not detonate New York police increase security around Deutsche Bank in Manhattan
CNN  The next class inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame could include punk rockers Green Day , the influential Nine Inch Nails and seminal rap group N.W.A. Those are just three of the 15 acts that are nominated for induction into the institution in 2015 . Others include Joan Jett and the Blackhearts ; Lou Reed ; The Smiths ; The Spinners ; Sting ; Chic ; Kraftwerk ; The Marvelettes ; Bill Withers ; War ; Stevie Ray Vaughan ; and the Paul Butterfield Blues Band . In order to be eligible for nomination , a music act had to release its first recording in 1989 or earlier . According to Billboard , that means Green Day and Nine Inch Nails are up for induction in their first year of eligibility . Nine Inch Nails ' first album , "  Pretty Hate Machine , " marks its 25th anniversary this month , and Green Day 's EP "  1,000 Hours " dropped in April 1989 . The Smiths , Withers , Vaughan and Sting are newcomers to the ballot as well .  Sting was previously inducted into the Rock Hall of Fame as a member of Police but is now up for induction as a solo artist . This eclectic group of 2015 nominees "  represent the myriad places where rock and roll converges with blues , electronic , dance , Motown , R&B , funk and other genres , " Joel Peresman , the head of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation , said in a statement . "  Rock and roll incorporates the styles of so many different kinds of music and that 's what makes this group of nominees -- and this art form -- so powerful and unique . " For the third year , fans will get their say in which acts they think should be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by voting on Rolling Stone 's website or at RockHall.com . The 2015 class of inductees will be announced in December , followed by an induction ceremony in April 2015 . The 2014 Rock Hall class included Cat Stevens , Nirvana , KISS , Hall & Oates , Linda Ronstadt and Peter Gabriel . What do you think of the final list of nominees ? Tell us in the comments who would get your vote .	15 acts are up for induction , including first-year-eligible Nine Inch Nails and Green Day The Smiths , Bill Withers , Stevie Ray Vaughan , Sting are on the ballot for the first time Inductees will be announced in December
On a fall night two years ago , Jackie , the alleged victim of a brutal gang rape , recounted her story in vivid detail to two friends . She recalled the assault for Ryan Duffin and Alex Stock on picnic tables at the quaint University of Virginia campus . "  Her lips were quivering and  she  looked like somebody who had just been through some really traumatic experience , " said Duffin , who met Jackie through a mutual friend at orientation . "  I 've never seen anyone look like that before . I really hope I never have to see anyone look like that again . " They sat outside a freshman dorm as she told of the shocking sexual assault , according to the friends . This was long before her account of the attack appeared in a now infamous Rolling Stone article published on November 19 . That harrowing account described how Jackie was lured to a fraternity house and allegedly raped by seven men at a Phi Kappa Psi party . The article sparked international outrage and portrayed the University of Virginia 's response as cold and even tolerant of such horrific behavior . Several weeks later , the magazine published an apology that raised questions about the authenticity of the story . Duffin and Stock told CNN they remember a starkly different account than what appeared in Rolling Stone . Their version cast doubt over whether the man who allegedly orchestrated the attack even existed . "  I mean there are definitely some major holes in the story , " said Stock , who also met Jackie through a mutual friend at summer orientation . "  I think that that was pretty clear in the Rolling Stone piece ... It was almost too perfect of a story . " Jackie 's lawyer declined to comment to CNN for this article . In its apology , Rolling Stone said of Jackie , "  Our trust in her was misplaced . " The magazine later removed those words in an updated statement and said of its reporting errors , "  These mistakes are on Rolling Stone , not on Jackie . " The magazine admitted that its writer had not contacted the man who allegedly brought about the attack . It said the writer did n't contact any of the men that Jackie claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation . Duffin and Stock said they were never contacted by the magazine ; instead , the writer portrayed them through Jackie 's eyes . "  Rolling Stone is conducting a thorough internal review of the reporting , editing , and fact-checking of Sabrina Rubin Erdely 's ' A Rape on Campus , " the magazine said in a statement Tuesday . If Jackie , who supposedly had a crush on Duffin , was indeed raped by the man her friends say went on a date with Jackie on the night of September 28 , 2012 , his behavior was more brazen that originally thought . CNN has obtained text messages and an email from the man who Jackie said lured her to the frat house , including one sent to Duffin days after the alleged assault . Bombshell rape story triggers weeks of turmoil at the University of Virginia Was Haven Monahan a real person ? Since summer orientation in 2012 , Stock , Duffin and another freshman , Kathryn Hendley , had become friends with Jackie . Duffin said Jackie was much more interested in him than he in her . He said he was happy when Jackie told friends that an upperclassman in her chemistry class asked her on a date . Duffin and Stock decided to learn more about the upperclassman and check to "  see if he 's OK , " Duffin said . Jackie gave them the phone number for the man , whom she identified as Haven Monahan . Stock and Duffin said they sent him text messages and pretended to be another student from chemistry class . Monahan purportedly texted back , saying of Jackie , "  I really like her , " and describing her as "  super smart . . hot " and liking the same music as he . At one point , he even sent a photo of himself . Duffin never suspected Monahan may not be a real person . "  No , " Duffin said , "  at the time , it all seemed very real . " Jackie said she went on a date with Monahan the evening in late September 2012 , when Rolling Stone reported that she was raped . Late that night , Jackie called Duffin . "  She just said something bad had happened and could I come meet her , " he recalled . Duffin and Stock met her outside the first-year dorms . They sat at the picnic tables . "  It looked like she had been crying , " Duffin remembered . "  She was shaking ... obviously just scared about something . And it looked like she thought somebody might just pop out of the dark and just grab her or something . " Jackie told her two friends that her date parked in front of the fraternity house , Duffin said . The man told her he had to go up to his room and asked whether she wanted to join him . She went with him . "  She then said that when she went into the house and went up the stairs , her date locked the door of the room once they got in there , " Duffin said . "  And she said that there were five other men in the room who she was then forced to perform oral sex on . " Stock said she was very upset . Friends saw inconsistencies in story "  I did n't have any doubts that what she said happened had happened , " he said . But details of the assault chronicled in Rolling Stone did n't match what Jackie told her friends , the two men said . In the article , for instance , she graphically describes a brutal gang rape by seven men instead of five . Oral sex was not mentioned . The article described her date as a man named "  Drew " who she met "  while working lifeguard shifts together at the university pool . " In 2012 , she told her friends his name was "  Haven " and they had met in chemistry class . The inconsistencies did not end there , according to Duffin and Stock . The article described how she was beaten , struck about the face and left barefoot and bloodied . That 's not what her friends remember . "  I did n't notice any sort of physical injuries , " Duffin said . "  I did n't notice a lack of shoes . I really did n't notice anything that was consistent with the physical description that was in the article . " Said Stock , "  If there had been major injuries the way the article portrays , I think I would have remembered that . " A major criticism of the Rolling Stone article , titled "  A Rape on Campus : A Brutal Assault and Search for Justice at UVA , " was that the reporter did not seek comment from the alleged attackers . Discrepancies in the account were later reported by The Washington Post and other news outlets . For instance , Phi Kappa Psi did not have a party the night Jackie said the rape occurred ; the man she identified as her date that night was not a member of that fraternity . Perhaps the biggest discrepancy was the Rolling Stone article 's portrayal of how her friends reacted to news of the sexual assault : "  The three friends launched into a heated discussion about the social price of reporting Jackie 's rape while Jackie stood beside them , mute in her bloody dress . " The article quoted Cindy , whose was actually Hendley , saying : "  Her reputation will be shot for the next four years . " Duffin and Stock said that Hendley was n't even part of the conversation . Jackie did n't want the female friend to hear what happened . Kathryn waited about 25 feet away from the picnic table as Jackie spoke with her two male friends . "  That conversation never happened , " said Duffin . "  That whole entire conversation about debating the social price of reporting a rape , and any sort of detriment to a reputation that might come around from reporting a rape , absolutely never happened . " Hendley told CNN she was not part of the initial conversation . "  The things she said about me were completely off , " Hendley said of Jackie . "  It was a powerful part of the story , but it was n't true . " They say Jackie did n't want to call police The two friends said they tried desperately to convince Jackie to call the police . She decided against it , they said . "  I was really forceful in wanting to call the police , " Duffin said . "  I brought up the point a few times . But the reason we did n't call the police was because Jackie did n't want to . She did n't want to have to go through ... constant interrogation by police officers which would cause her to continually relive this traumatic event . " The two friends said they slept on the floor of Jackie 's dorm to help her get through the night . Five days later , Duffin said he inexplicably received an email titled "  About You " from Haven , the man allegedly behind the alleged sexual assault .  When CNN tried the email address , the message came back "  undeliverable . " "  It was from Haven Monahan ... and it looked like Haven had written , ` You should read this , I 've never read anything nicer in my life , ' with a page worth -- an essay -- that Jackie had written about me , " Duffin said . "  Which seemed really weird to me , even at the time , because here 's somebody who allegedly just led a brutal sexual assault on a friend of mine , and now he 's going to email me this thing about me ? " Jackie told her friends that Monahan dropped out of the university after the assault , but a university record check by CNN revealed that no one by that name ever attended the university . Another check found no one by that name in the United States . The photo Monahan supposedly sent Duffin via text message matched that of a man who went to high school with Jackie in Stafford , Virginia . "  There 's a very good chance whoever I was texting was Jackie , " Stock said . "  There 's a definite possibility . " Jackie and her three friends drifted apart long before the Rolling Stone article , though her friends believe something bad may have happened to her that September night . "  I think it 's very possible , yeah , " Duffin said . "  I still think it 's extremely , extremely possible . If only because the reaction she had on that night seemed so strong , and seemed so genuine , that I still think it 's difficult to believe that she would have been acting . "	Friends of victim in UVA rape story paint different picture of alleged assault Alex Stock : "  There are definitely some major holes in the story " An account of alleged rape in Rolling Stone was criticized Ryan Duffin : "  It 's difficult to believe that she would have been acting "
CNN  -- The New York Police Department announced Monday it will no longer confiscate unused condoms as evidence in some prostitution-related offenses , according to a press release from the department . The new policy will allow condoms to be held with other personal property that is returned when individuals have been released from custody on cases of prostitution and loitering for the purpose of prostitution , according to Det. Cheryl Crispin , a department spokeswoman . Condoms will still be confiscated and invoiced by police in other prostitution-related arrests , such as promoting prostitution and sex trafficking , according to the release . A suspect having condoms in his or her possession was a factor in determining if probable cause existed , according to the Sex Workers Project , a group that provides legal and social services to people who engage in sex work . The new policy , which was intended to ensure public health while maintaining effective criminal investigations , was implemented after the department collaborated with public health officials , community-based advocates and other city officials , according to Police Commissioner William Bratton . "  I think it 's the right thing to do , " Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference Monday . "  A policy that actually inhibits people from safe sex is a mistake and dangerous . " "  We are happy that this policy has been announced and we think it is an important step in the right direction , " Sienna Baskin , co-director of the Sex Workers Project , told CNN . "  Unfortunately , we do n't think it goes far enough or solves all the problems . " Baskin said that her organization is concerned that condoms may still be confiscated in certain situations and that police will continue to use the possession of condoms to justify an arrest . The group has been advocating a change in the condom confiscation policy for many years . A 2010 report by the New York City Department of Health , which was released by Human Rights Watch , found that 57 % of sex workers surveyed had had condoms taken away by a police officer . In addition , 33 % of sex workers reported that they had not carried condoms at one time because of fear of trouble with police , according to the report . "  This policy opens the door for individuals in prostitution to stop risking their health for fear of carrying condoms , " Sonia Ossorio , president of the Nation Organization for Women , said in the department 's press release . "  It 's every individual 's right to be able to protect their health and this policy shift under the new NYPD leadership goes a long way to protect their health and this policy shift ... goes a long way in furthering sound public health policy , " said Ossorio . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	The New York Police Department wo n't take condoms in some prostitution arrests The new policy is aimed at protecting public health , the department says A suspect having condoms was used for probable cause , Sex Workers Project says As a result , some sex workers did not carry the protection , advocacy group says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Seventy-five former professional football players are suing the National Football League , saying the league knew as early as the 1920s of the harmful effects of concussions on players ' brains but concealed the information from players , coaches , trainers and others until June 2010 . The players "  did not know the long-term effects of concussions " and relied on the NFL to protect them , the suit says . The lawsuit also names as a defendant the football equipment maker Riddell Inc. , which has been the official NFL helmet brand since 1989 . "  For decades , defendants have known that multiple blows to the head can lead to long-term brain injury , including memory loss , dementia , depression and  chronic traumatic encephalopathy  and its related symptoms , " says the 86-page lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Tuesday . "  This action arises from the defendants ' failure to warn and protect NFL players such as plaintiffs against the long-term brain injury risks associated with football-related concussions . This action arises because the NFL defendants committed negligence by failing to exercise its duty to enact league-wide guidelines and mandatory rules regulating post-concussion medical treatment and return-to-play standards for players who suffer a concussion and/or multiple concussions . " NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said Monday night that the league had not seen a copy of the suit but would "  vigorously contest any claims of this kind . " Riddell declined to comment , issuing a statement saying only , "  We have not yet review  ed  the complaint , but it is our policy to not comment on pending litigation . " NFL to require sideline test after head blows The 75 former players accuse the NFL of engaging in "  a scheme of fraud and deceit " by having members of the NFL 's Brain Injury Committee "  deny knowledge of a link between concussion and cognitive decline and claim that more time was needed to reach a definitive conclusion on the issue . " "  When the NFL 's Brain Injury Committee anticipated studies that would implicate causal links between concussion and cognitive degeneration it promptly published articles producing contrary findings , although false , distorted and deceiving , as part of the NFL 's scheme to deceive Congress , the players and the public at large , " the suit says . "  The defendants acted willfully , wantonly , egregiously , with reckless abandon , and with a high degree of moral culpability , " the former players charge in court documents . The suit notes that in 1994 , the NFL studied concussion research through funding the NFL Committee on Mild Traumatic Brain Injury . The committee 's published findings in 2004 showed "  no evidence of worsening injury or chronic cumulative effects " from multiple concussions , the suit says . In addition , in a related study , the committee found that "  many NFL players can be safely allowed to return to play " on the day of a concussion , if they are without symptoms and cleared by a doctor . However , "  it was not until June 2010 that the NFL acknowledged that concussions can lead to dementia , memory loss , CTE and related symptoms by publishing  a  warning to every player and team , " says the suit . "  The NFL-funded study is completely devoid of logic and science . More importantly , it is contrary to their  the NFL 's  Health and Safety Rules as well as 75 years of published medical literature on concussions , " according to the suit , which asks for a jury trial and damages . Even when the warning was issued , the NFL did not warn any past players , including the plaintiffs , or the public of "  the long-term brain injury caused by concussions , " the suit says . "  By failing to exercise its duty to enact reasonable and prudent rules to protect players against the risks associated with repeated brain trauma , the NFL 's failure to exercise its independent duty has led to the deaths of some , and brain injuries of many other former players , including plaintiffs , " the lawsuit says . Film aims to show NFL 's culture of playing on Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is a degenerative , dementia-like brain disease linked to repeated brain trauma . The disease has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players studied at the Boston University School of Medicine Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy as of May . They include former Chicago Bears safety David Duerson , 50 , who shot himself in the chest in February , leaving behind a note requesting that his brain be donated for study . His widow , Alicia , said Wednesday that she had mixed emotions about the lawsuit . The Duersons were n't part of the lawsuit , according to court documents . "  I truly believe the NFL must have known on some level because there were always doctors present , you know , with these guys , " Alicia Duerson said . "  But I guess the other part of me is saying the 12 families who have lost their loved ones and their husbands or father that did have CTE , I feel like we 're the families who they probably needed to help in this lawsuit as well . "  Dave would approve of it , I think , because he did want his brain donated , and he felt there was a problem with his brain , and he felt because of all the blows he took to his head that it caused him to have this problem , " she said . "  So David sacrificed his brain so they could research and develop and get better safety procedures and stuff like that for the NFL and for future football players . "  The final days of his life , it was very difficult for him because he was such a brilliant man , and he was very gifted , and for him to forget simple things like directions or having to write things down constantly and reminders for himself ... he was aggravated a lot , " she said . Former NFL player suffered from brain disease Another player who showed signs of brain damage was former NFL defensive lineman Shane Dronett , who committed suicide at age 38 in 2009 . His family said this year that Dronett 's symptoms , which began in 2006 , included bad dreams that eventually came nearly nightly , along with fear , paranoia and episodes of confusion and rage . A wide variety of information on the subject -- including the first case of "  punch-drunk " boxers , published in 1928 -- has been available to the league over the decades , the suit alleges . In June 2007 , the NFL scheduled a concussion summit because of congressional scrutiny and media pressure , the suit says . "  Unfortunately , the NFL in keeping with its scheme of fraud and deceit issued a pamphlet to players in August 2007 , which stated : ` there is no magic number for how many concussions is too many , ' " the suit says . During hearings by the House Judiciary Committee in October 2009 , U.S. Rep. Linda Sanchez , D-California , "  analogized the NFL 's denial of a causal link between NFL concussion and cognitive decline to the tobacco industry 's denial of the link between cigarette consumption and ill health effects , " the lawsuit says . A brain with chronic traumatic encephalopathy contains dense clumps of a protein called tau , which is associated with repeated head traumas -- concussions or subconcussive hits -- that are not allowed to heal . The disease can also diminish brain tissue and is associated with memory loss , depression , impulsive behavior and rage . The NFL was founded as the American Professional Football Association in 1920 and changed to its current name in 1922 , the suit says . By 1924 , there were 23 franchises in the league , court documents say . In 1970 , the American Football League , which operated from 1960 to 1969 , merged with the NFL . The lawsuit did n't specify a monetary figure for compensatory and punitive damages . CNN 's Molly Green , Stephanie Smith and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-player Duerson , who killed himself , would approve of the suit , his widow says NFL 's failure to act has led to the deaths and brain injuries of former players , a lawsuit says The lawsuit filed by 75 former NFL players asks for a jury trial and damages An NFL spokesman says the league will "  vigorously contest " such claims
France 's far right-leaning National Front party is threatening to sue after singer Madonna showed a video of party leader Marine Le Pen with a swastika superimposed on her forehead during a concert in Paris . "  The images that were projected draw a terrible link between the party and an ideology that we reject , " party Vice President Florian Philippot said Monday . The party took issue after the video was projected during a show at the Stade de France national stadium Saturday night . "  Just because she is rich and well-known does not mean we should accept such atrocities . It 's an insult against Marine Le Pen and an insult to all the National Front party members , " Philippot added . Madonna 's publicist , Barbara Charone , said the star 's show "  has been the same since it started in Tel Aviv " at the end of May , but declined to comment further . The image is part of a video montage of several current and deposed world leaders that is projected onto a giant screen during the song "  Nobody Knows Me " during Madonna 's current world tour . After the image of Le Pen appears , it fades into one of Adolf Hitler . The party had warned that it would seek legal action if Madonna showed the image at her concerts in France . The National Front said the photo was altered for Madonna 's concert . Le Pen made a strong showing in the first round of France 's presidential election . The daughter of party founder Jean-Marie Le Pen , she pledged to crack down on illegal immigration and called for France to leave the eurozone and restore its currency , the franc . She also criticized France 's political integration into the European Union . The National Front is the third-largest political party in France . In June , it won its first seats in parliament in 15 years , with two lawmakers elected .	Madonna representative declines comment on swastika controversy Madonna show included a video of party leader with swastika superimposed on her face Party : "  The images ... draw a terrible link between the party and an ideology that we reject " Madonna has shown the montage at other shows
CNN  -- As I sipped Champagne and breathed in the clear icy air of Mammoth Mountain , my boyfriend Matt got down on one knee , offered a glistening diamond ring and asked , "  Sascha Rothchild , will you marry me ? " I was shocked , floored , stunned . I dropped my Champagne and almost passed out . This was my first marriage proposal , but not my first marriage . When Matt suggested our mountain vacation , I had just finished a book tour to promote my memoir , "  How To Get Divorced By 30 . " That divorce was from my first , lovable , lackadaisical stoner husband whom I married at age 27 . We 'd been dating for 3 years when my arbitrary timetable had hit its must-get-married date . He never actually proposed , we just decided one night we would "  do this . " I bought my own engagement ring , choosing something untraditional so if we ever got divorced I could wear it on my right hand . I was planning my divorce while I was planning my wedding . And I did everything in my power to pretend it was n't really a wedding at all . Three months after the non-proposal , we had a stand-up comedian perform the ceremony in a friend 's yard and never uttered the words love , forever , or til death do us part . Eventually I realized I was unhappy and way too young to be stuck in nuptial mediocrity , so I was divorced by 30 . Now as I stood with Matt , it dawned on me that this romantic mountain touring spot was private not because we had lucked out , but because he had rented out the whole area . He had spent months having the ring custom made with the help of my sister and he had told my father about his intentions the previous winter . While Matt was planning this proposal fit for a big glossy studio romcom , I was traveling around the country discussing and defending my book about my starter marriage . When asked by interviewers and fans if I would ever get married again , I always answered "  I might get married again , but I wo n't get divorced again . " Although I had been with Matt for over 2 years and was madly in love , I was n't focused on marriage . I was focused on enjoying the relationship . Yet another giant difference between what I did wrong the first time , and what I was doing right this time . Second weddings are often small , discreet and sensible . And for a moment after Matt proposed I wanted to run to a courthouse or elope to Vegas , too embarrassed to have another wedding , especially since I had just written a book about divorce . But Matt , who has never been married before , feels strongly about having a real wedding , so I decided to succumb to the juggernaut that is the wedding industry and have a second wedding , which will feel like most people 's first . I 'm getting wrapped up in trumpet versus mermaid versus princess-cut wedding dresses , in color schemes and bouquet shapes and invitation fonts . I 'm enjoying the small moments of making decisions with Matt about venues and open bars and save the date cards . As we plan together we are solidifying our bond , compromising on likes and dislikes , but not to the point that both of us are unhappy . I 'm energized by the process as well as reveling in the idea of spending the rest of my life with someone , saying words like love and forever , and wearing an actual engagement ring that 's important -- not because it 's so damn sparkly and pretty -- but because it was picked out with care and symbolizes something timeless and meaningful . Like many brides-to-be now my days consist of trying on Monique Lhuillier gowns , thumbing through cheesy bridal magazines and wondering about flower budgets . But in between all this wedding planning , I 'm signing copies of my book and dispensing advice to distraught readers about the merits of young divorce . It certainly beats staying in an unhappy marriage . I 'm giving interviews about why divorce can be a great rite of passage , and why starter marriages , if dissected , can be necessary to fixing one 's own flaws and to finding the right person the second time around . I 'm on the phone with the wedding planner one minute and then running out the door to a "  single ladies " author 's panel the next . The timing of it all is bizarre to say the least , but somehow totally fitting . Had I not gotten divorced by 30 , forced myself to question my failed marriage and then written a book about it , I doubt I would have ever been able to sustain a healthy relationship . I believe in divorce , and I believe in marriage . Perhaps my follow-up book will be "  How To Get Remarried By 35 ... And Stay That Way . "	While promoting her memoir on divorce , Sascha Rothchild gets marriage proposal No proposal , no wedding dress , but a comedian conducted first wedding Second wedding is being planned seriously , vows to include "  love " and "  forever "
Reggie Love , the guy partially responsible for transforming then-Sen . Barack Obama into the "  president of cool , " is opening up about his close relationship with the President in his new book , "  Power Forward : My Presidential Education . " The book gives an inside look at the role Obama played as part mentor , part boss to Love , who served as his personal assistant for five years . The young staffer , now 33 , is credited for making Obama "  hip " by showing him how to fist bump , introducing him to Jay-Z and buying him an iPod . He even surprised the President on his 49th birthday for a game of basketball alongside LeBron James , Kobe Bryant and Dwyane Wade . According to the President , new trends and technology ca n't replace Reggie 's work ethic . In a 2010 interview with The New York Times , Obama admitted that he did n't have an iPad , rather opting for his "  iReggie , who has my books , my newspapers , my music all in one place . " Unlike the dreadful boss-personal assistant relationship many can attest to , Love became Obama 's personal confidant and friend . During the raid that ended with the killing of Osama bin Laden , a tension-filled Obama found Love , Marvin Nicholson , another aide , and White House photographer Pete Souza , in the private dining room . To help the President pass the time , they played about "  15 games of spades , " Love has said . Love first started working for Obama in the Senate back in 2006 . He quickly climbed the ranks from staff assistant to "  body man , " a nickname given to him by the administration . Spending countless hours alongside the President , Love quickly became more than an aide , fostering a relationship that has led the Obama to call him his "  little brother . " "  Over the years , Reggie has been a friend , a teammate and an indispensable member of my staff , " Obama said in a statement announcing Love 's departure in 2011 . "  From my Senate office to the White House , his ability to juggle so many responsibilities with so little sleep has been an inspiration to watch . He is the master of what he does . " Love 's book is set to hit stores on Feb. 3 .	President Barack Obama 's most notable aide , Reggie Love , is releasing a book In "  Power Forward : My Presidential Education , " Love talks about his five years in the administration Love describes the President as part boss , part mentor The book is set to hit stores on Feb. 3
CNN  -- As authorities searched Thursday for a surfer missing after wiping out on a 20-foot wave off Oahu 's North Shore , his family released a statement that reads like an obituary . Kirk Passmore , a business owner and restaurant manager , was last seen late Wednesday morning at a surfing spot known as Alligator Rock in Haleiwa , CNN affiliate KHNL reported . Witnesses told the station that the experienced big-wave surfer fell off his board on the 20-foot swell and was hit by another wave . His partially damaged surfboard was found down the beach . "  He started coming to Hawaii when he was 14 and was an experienced and expert surfer . He was not new to big wave surfing , having surfed most of the well-known big wave locations , " said a statement from his family posted on the Brigham Young University-Hawaii website . The statement , which is under the heading , "  Kirk Passmore , February 11 , 1981 to November 12 , 2013 , " says the Utah-born and Carlsbad , California-reared 32-year-old enjoyed sports , including football , basketball and baseball , "  but his love was in surfing . " It also says he is "  survived " by his mother , father , stepmother and three siblings . Jamie Sterling , a surfer who saw Passmore wipe out , told KHNL , "  He was seen swimming down with his feet up above the surface , and we think he broke his eardrum because what happens when you break your eardrum is you have complete loss of balance and you have vertigo . " Coast Guard crews , Ocean Safety lifeguards , the Honolulu Fire Department and fellow surfers searched for Passmore on Wednesday to no avail . The Coast Guard continued searching through the night , while other rescuers suspended their search until sunrise . A helicopter , jet skis and a Coast Guard cutter were used in the search , KHNL reported . Oahu 's North Shore was under a high-surf warning , with waves reaching 25 to 35 feet , and some surfers questioned why Passmore was n't wearing a flotation vest in the perilous conditions . "  See , what would have saved him is if he had a float vest on . Everybody wears float vests nowadays , " Chris Owens , who searched for Passmore after seeing him go underwater , told KHNL . Added champion paddle boarder Jamie Mitchell , "  Some of the best big-wave guys in the world are out there today and they all had their flotation vests and stuff . I guess it just goes to show that it can happen to anyone at any time . " Steve Matthews , who told the station that he co-owned a surf shop with Passmore , said Passmore moved to the North Shore from California about two years ago , but he has many years ' experience riding large waves in Hawaii , Mexico and elsewhere . Passmore 's co-workers at the Banzai Sushi Bar in Haleiwa said the restaurant closed down for the night out of respect for Passmore . Passmore is 6-foot-3 and weighs about 185 pounds . He has reddish hair and hazel eyes and was wearing black board shorts at the time of the wipeout .	32-year-old surfer had many years ' experience riding big waves , business partner says Witness surmises that Kirk Passmore burst eardrum in the wipeout and lost orientation A Coast Guard cutter and helicopter searched for Passmore Wednesday
Editor 's note : Joseph Flaherty writes about design , DIY , and the intersection of physical and digital products . He designs award-winning medical devices and apps for smartphones at AgaMatrix , including the first FDA-cleared medical device that connects to the iPhone . Wired  -- Many of England 's bridges have become pop culture icons -- London Bridge inspired a song known by kindergarteners the world over and the Tower Bridge has its own Lego set . However , if architect Thomas Heatherwick has his way , the River Thames will soon have a new plant-filled pedestrian crossing inspired in part by Leonardo DiCaprio .  More on that in a second . The Garden Bridge will span the 1,204 foot-wide river and contain 2 million pounds of soil , giving root to 270 trees , as well as innumerable shrubs , bushes , and flowers . The project is led by actress Joanna Lumley , star of the cult favorite Absolutely Fabulous . Inspired to commemorate Princess Diana 's death , she labored for over a decade establishing a trust to secure financing and political support . As pedestrians proceed , stately oaks and manicured shrubs will dot the landscape . In 2012 she turned to architect Thomas Heatherwick , who crafted the cauldron for the London Olympics and successfully redesigned the city 's iconic double-decker buses , to help make it a reality . This is no mean feat . "  We need to hold up this large weight , complete with worms , rainwater and decomposing leafy mulch , without letting the bridge structure become visually more important than the garden , " says Heatherwick . "  To do this and not resort to tall steel columns and cables that compete with the trees on the bridge , we are bunching all our structure underneath the garden around the two river columns . " Read more : Do these buildings turn you on ? The strange psychology of curvy architecture So how does Leo figure in ? Distributing the weight to the two pylons necessitates an hourglass shape . The perimeter could have been smoothed , but Heatherwick saw potential in a saw-toothed solution . He was inspired by the scene in Titanic when DiCaprio took Kate Winslet to the bow of their doomed ship and proclaimed , "  I 'm the king of the world ! " Adding these ridges to the perimeter creates semi-private "  balconies " allowing couples to reenact the scene . His hope is that this feature , and others , provide places to pass the time , kiss , and even propose while traversing the city . The design thinking that goes beyond movie catchphrases , romantic notions and the landscape has been carefully orchestrated . Plants near the entryways on either side will be wild common river varieties like birches and willows . As pedestrians proceed , stately oaks and manicured shrubs will dot the landscape , and the center of the bridge will have little vegetation to create better views of the river and skyline . The concept is conceptually similar to other elevated gardens like New York 's High Line or Paris ' Promenade plante , but the technical challenge is ratcheted up given its location over the river and the new construction that 's required . Structural engineering firm Arup and landscape designer Dan Pearson helped give the concept form , while dealing with the unique technical challenges of a green bridge . "  We will only be using plants which we feel will cope with the special challenges posed by a garden in the middle of a river , " says Pearson , who also promises that there will be species that thrive in each season , giving residents and tourists something to look at no matter when they cross . Read more : Bali 's spectacular bamboo village sets new heights for barefoot luxury Heatherwick 's design takes advantage of modern materials and simulation , but he believes it 's more of a throwback to the London Bridge of Henry VIII 's reign . During that time the bridge contained homes , shops , and was a center of commerce and community as well as a river crossing . However , since the last building was demolished in 1762 , bridges have become more utilitarian . "  It 's not surprising that for centuries it has been treated like an obstacle to breach , rather than an opportunity for people to spend time above a vast piece of nature in the heart of our city , " says Heatherwick . The Garden Bridge is expected to cost $ 245 million , and Lumley has already raised half that amount from private backers . London Mayor Boris Johnson has promised another $ 50 million , and if the trust set up to fund the project can harvest the balance of the seed money , it could be ready by the spring of 2017 . Read more from WIRED : Powerful Photos Go Deep Inside America 's Fracking Boom How a Math Genius Hacked OkCupid to Find True Love The Most Amazing Images NASA Took of Earth From Space A Teeny House Filled With Clever , Space-Saving Contraptions 11 Must-Watch New Netflix Movies to Stream in 2014 Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The River Thames might soon have a new plant-filled pedestrian crossing inspired in part by a famous Titanic scene . Engineers promise to use species of plants that can cope with the specific river environment and that thrive in each season . The Garden Bridge is expected to cost 245 million dollars , mostly raised from private backers .
It 's been a little over a year since President Barack Obama accused the Syrian government of crossing a "  red line , " with the use of poison gas against civilians . This week , the last of the country 's declared chemical weapons stockpiles are sailing to their eventual demise . On Wednesday , 600 metric tons of Syrian chemicals weapons were transferred from a Danish ship to the U.S. government container ship , the Cape Ray , at an Italian port , Gioia Tauro . The Cape Ray is now set to sail into international waters , where the on-board process of neutralizing the chemicals will be carried out , according to the OPCW , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , which led the mission to remove and destroy the weapons It will take 60 days to neutralize the chemicals safely and cleanly , the Pentagon said . The rest of the chemicals will be destroyed at plants in the United States and Europe , but no active weapons grade materials will enter either of those places . By the time they arrive , they will be broken down to industrial chemicals . The resulting hazardous waste will be further processed in Germany and Finland . The chemical weapons left Syria on the Danish ship Ark Futura just over a week ago , bound for Italy . A breakthrough It was a major milestone when the weapons left the Syrian port of Latakia , said Ahmet Uzumcu , the chief of the OPCW . "  Never before has an entire arsenal of a category of weapons of mass destruction been removed from a country experiencing a state of internal armed conflict , " he said . But inspectors ca n't say for sure that some undeclared weapons are n't still lurking somewhere in the country . Syria 's civil war has dragged on since 2011 , and in 2013 images surfaced of civilians who allegedly died from poison gas attacks . The nonpartisan Doctors Without Borders then reported that three hospitals near Damascus treated more than 3,000 patients suffering "  neurotoxic symptoms . " The United Nations firmed up the accusations after sending inspectors into the country . Violence continues The White House has stepped up U.S. military support to rebels fighting the forces of President Bashar al-Assad , though it stopped short of putting weapons in their hands . The U.N. Security Council passed a resolution requiring Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal , and al-Assad promised to adhere to the resolution . The following month , Syria began dismantling its chemical weapons program . The OPCW reported that Syrians were using torches and grinders to destroy or disable weapons such as missile warheads and aerial bombs . Despite the apparent end to a chapter in the history of Syria 's chemical weapons , on the ground in Syria , trauma and bloodshed continue . U.S. : Signs point to Syria using chlorine gas in attacks	600 metric tons of chemicals weapons are on a U.S. ship , officials say Pentagon : The ship , Cape Ray , will destroy the chemicals in international waters It will take 60 days to destroy much of them on the open sea The rest will be destroyed in the U.S. and Europe
Mashable  -- Social payments are taking a giant leap forward . PayPal has unveiled a Facebook app that lets you send money to friends . The app , simply titled Send Money , is just as straightforward as its name . You have the choice to send either an ecard with money or just money with no card . You select a card , choose a friend to send it to and then select how much money to send . "  The PayPal and Facebook infrastructure have now merged , " PayPal 's Anuj Nayar says . "  This is another way to personalize the act of giving money . " While there are several ways to pay with PayPal via Facebook  Payvment comes to mind  , this is the first app to enable peer-to-peer payments via Facebook and PayPal . And because it 's a peer-to-peer transaction , there is no transaction fee , though PayPal 's regular limits and international fees still apply . "  Sending money , person to person , is free , " PayPal Senior Product Marketing Manager JB Coutinho said . "  If it 's funded by a PayPal balance or linked to a bank account , it 's free . " And while the primary aspect of the Send Money app is its enablement of transactions across the world 's largest social network , the ecard aspect is being emphasized as well . PayPal was quick to point out that more than 500 million ecards are sent every year , and that 's why PayPal is offering dozens of choices for everything from birthdays to congratulations . We can see the app really taking off . Users who see on Facebook that it 's a friend 's birthday can quickly fire up the app and send a card and some cash within a few minutes . The app is just as useful for things like lottery pools and reimbursing friends for lunch . It 's a big step toward making social payments a reality . If you want to learn more about the PayPal Send Money Facebook App , we 've created a simple walkthrough of the payment process . Check it out in this gallery , and let us know what you think of the app in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	App , simply titled Send Money , is just as straightforward as its name You can send either an ecard with money or just money with no card This is the first app to enable peer-to-peer payments via Facebook and PayPal
EW  -- If the Avengers are the New York Yankees of the Marvel universe -- a collection of slick all-stars for whom victory is more or less a given -- then the "  Guardians of the Galaxy " are the "  Bad News Bears . " They 're a motley crew of bickering , bumbling mercenaries driven by self-interest . They may band together in the end , but it 's rarely peaceful or pretty . The de facto leader of this assembly of intergalactic antiheroes is Peter Quill , a cocky Terrian  i.e. , earthling  who was hoovered up into space by a colossal spaceship when he was 8 and now introduces himself as " Star-Lord " to the derisive laughter of his snarling alien foes . John C. Reilly shows Letterman a seriously old-school ` Guardians ' clip Twenty-six years later , he 's grown into a swashbuckling fortune hunter with a maroon leather duster , a vintage Walkman loaded with classic rock , and a roguish sweet tooth for extraterrestrial hotties . Played with wily mischief by Chris Pratt , he 's like Han Solo 's more excitable , less responsible nephew . Joining Quill in Marvel 's fizzy franchise kickoff are the green-skinned assassin Gamora  Zoe Saldana  ; the mumbly mound of muscles Drax the Destroyer  wrestler Dave Bautista , whose physique is its own special effect  ; a rascally , foul-mouthed raccoon named Rocket  voiced by Bradley Cooper  ; and a walking tree creature called Groot , whose only words are " I am Groot "  delivered through the gruff , grunting tonsils of Vin Diesel  . Directed with an effortlessly light touch by James Gunn , a low-budget maestro of genre films such as 2006 's "  Slither " and 2010 's "  Super , " "  Guardians of the Galaxy " represents a risky proposition for Marvel on several levels : a director who 's never grappled with a project of this scale before , a menagerie of comic-book characters who are hardly household names  even to fanboys  , and a tongue-in-cheek B-movie vibe that 's more "  Starcrash " than "  Star Wars . " But give Marvel props , even with all of its mega-success ; the studio 's still willing to take chances . Here , that risk pays off big-time . The film 's a giddily subversive space opera that runs on self-aware smart-assery . Which fowl Marvel character resurfaces in ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' ? The plot is hardly worth spelling out in too much detail . I 'm not sure I could do it justice anyway . It 's the usual overstuffed action-adventure boilerplate about trying to retrieve a mystical MacGuffin -- a multilayered orb with the glowing power to destroy worlds -- from a sinister baddie  Lee Pace 's blue-hued Ronan the Accuser  . Actually , if Gunn and co-writer Nicole Perlman had just called the orb a tesseract , you 'd basically be re-watching "  The Avengers . " And there 's such a mishmash of seemingly interchangeable alien names  Morag , Thanos , Yondu , etc.  , it 's tempting to tune out , assume it will all make sense in the end , and wait for the next bit of anarchic insult comedy from Pratt & Co. . Unlike the sober Norse seriousness of "  Thor " or the rah-rah retro-squareness of "  Captain America , " Quill and his posse of merry pranksters are such a delirious blast of laughing gas that "  Guardians " feels more like an unofficial sequel to 1984 's cult hit "  The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension " than a Marvel product .  I mean that as a compliment . A large share of the credit goes to Pratt . On TV 's "  Parks and Recreation " and in such big-screen features as "  Her " and "  Delivery Man , " he 's always provided a dependable jolt of joy-buzzer surprise in supporting roles . Now he 's graduated to leading man -- the straw that stirs the drink -- and he 's such a natural , you ca n't help but wonder why it took so long . Chris Pratt is the man with 12 percent of a plan in ` Guardians ' clip The other standout is Cooper , who gives the motor-mouthed Rocket an outer-borough wiseguy honk and a hair-trigger temper . He 's like an R-rated Daffy Duck with a machine gun . Together , they 're a gang of exiles from the planet of misfit toys . Or , as Gamora generously calls them , " the biggest idiots in the galaxy . " Will they learn to overcome their selfishness and embrace responsibility for the first time in their lives ? Of course they will . The genius of Gunn 's superhero send-up is its cheeky , anything-goes absurdity . I 've been pretty mixed on Marvel movies over the years -- some have dazzled me , others have left me depressed . But "  Guardians " is the first one that feels excitingly unpredictable . Grade : A - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Marvel took a risk with "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " but it pays off Director James Gunn helms with a light touch Chris Pratt is a natural as leading man
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The star of the show did not appear -- and the film in question was not shown -- but Hillary Clinton 's big-screen moment was all the talk Tuesday at the Supreme Court . The Supreme Court is tackling a First Amendment case involving a movie about Hillary Clinton . The justices heard arguments in a free-speech case over a 2008 documentary , shown in theaters , that was sharply critical of the onetime presidential candidate and current secretary of state . At issue was whether the 90-minute "  Hillary : The Movie " and television ads to promote it should have been subject to strict campaign finance laws on political advocacy or should have been seen as a constitutionally protected form of commercial speech . The high court 's decision will determine whether politically charged documentaries can be regulated by the government in the same way as traditional campaign commercials . A ruling is expect by late June . A conservative group behind the movie wanted to promote it during the heat of the presidential primary season last year , but a federal court had blocked any ads , as well as airings on cable TV video-on-demand . The film later aired in several theaters and was released on DVD , outlets that were not subject to federal regulation . The Supreme Court justices appeared divided on how to find balance between Congress ' expressed desire to control the power of well-financed private groups to spread their political messages and concerns over the First Amendment 's guarantee of free speech . "  This is targeted at a specific candidate for a specific office to be shown on a channel that says ` Election ' 08 ' , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  Now if that is n't an appeal to voters , I ca n't imagine what is . " "  There 's a possibility , " said Justice Antonin Scalia , "  that the First Amendment interest is greater when what the government is trying to stifle is not just a speaker who wants to say something , but also a listener who wants to hear what the speaker has to say , " noting that viewers would have paid to see the film on cable television . On its Web site , Citizens United promoted its film as featuring 40 interviews.as well as a "  cast to end all casts . " It promised , "  If you want to hear about the Clinton scandals of the past and present , you have it here ! ` Hillary : The Movie ' is the first and last word in what the Clintons want America to forget ! " The group , a Washington-based nonprofit corporation and advocacy organization , had balked at campaign finance rules that would have required them to disclose their financial backers and would have restricted when the film could air . The film was partially financed with corporate funds . A three-judge U.S. District Court panel last spring rejected the group 's arguments that the documentary was more akin to news or information programs such as PBS ' "  Nova " or CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " During Tuesday 's oral arguments , the justices seemed uneasy about arguments from both sides . "  This sounds to me like campaign advocacy , " said Justice David Souter . But attorney Theodore Olson , representing Citizens United , said the law "  smothered " free speech . He said groups like General Electric  which owns NBC News  , National Public Radio and progressive financier George Soros  who often privately funds his political projects  could air such films in the name of informing the American people , but not his clients because of the film 's perceived negative tone . "  If it 's all negative it can be prohibited , and it 's a felony . Or if it 's all favorable , you can go to jail . But if you did half and half , you could n't " be convicted , said Olson , criticizing the law 's "  incomprehensible " regulations . Several on the court wondered whether a 90-minute message was different than a 30-second commercial . "  It seems to me you can make the argument that 90 minutes is much more powerful in support or in opposition to a candidate , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  We have no choice , really , but to say this is not issue advocacy , this is express advocacy saying do n't vote for this person , " which is subject to regulation , " Souter said . "  The difference between 90 minutes and one minute is a distinction that I just ca n't follow . " The comprehensive 2002 McCain-Feingold law bans broadcast of "  electioneering communication " by corporations , unions and advocacy groups if it would be aired close to election dates and would identify candidates by name or image . The law also requires an on-screen notice of the groups financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all donors to the sponsoring organizations . Lawyers representing the Federal Election Commission urged the justices to subject the ads to the disclosure law , arguing that without it , voters would be "  unable to know who 's funding the ads . " Justice Department attorney Malcolm Stewart called it "  an easy case . " Some on the bench were not sure , probing the limits of the definition of candidate advocacy . "  So if Wal-Mart airs an advertisement that says we have candidate action figures for sale , come buy them , that counts as an electioneering communication , " asked Chief Justice John Roberts . Justice Samuel Alito wondered about the differences between broadcast or cable TV , where the film could not be run , and the Internet or theaters where it could . When Stewart implied "  additional media " could also be subject to future regulation , the newest justice replied , "  That 's pretty incredible . You think that if a book was published , a campaign biography that was the functional equivalent of express advocacy , that could be banned ? " Most book publishers are corporations subject to campaign finance restrictions , he noted . Legal observers say Alito and Roberts ' votes could be key to the case 's outcome . At the time of the movie 's premiere , Clinton was locked in a tough primary fight with then-Sen . Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination for president . Critics slammed her qualifications and character . People say , "  Well , she 's flipping , she 's flopping . No , she 's not flipping and flopping , she 's lying , " Bay Buchanan , a political commentator and regular analyst for CNN , said in the film . "  We must never understate her chances of winning , " warned Dick Morris , a former political adviser to President Clinton . "  And we must never forget the fundamental danger that this woman poses to every value that we hold dear . You see , I know her . " Ads for the movie were available on the Internet , which is not subject to federal regulation . "  I 've seen this movie , " Justice Stephen Breyer wryly noted , "  It 's not a musical comedy . " David Bossie , head of Citizens United and producer of the "  Hillary " film , was also behind several conservative documentaries , including a rebuttal to Michael Moore 's anti-Bush film "  Fahrenheit 9/11 . " The case is Citizens United v. FEC  08-205  .	Supreme Court takes up First Amendment case involving Hillary Clinton movie Justices heard arguments over a 2008 documentary critical of then-candidate Clinton Court determining if "  Hillary : The Movie " should have faced campaign finance laws The decision will determine whether political documentaries can be regulated
CNN  -- For more than three decades , Concorde represented the pinnacle of business travel -- the ultimate status symbol for the jetset executive . Considered a marvel of aviation technology , the distinctive droop-nosed aircraft traveled at twice the speed of sound , flying from London to New York in about three and a half hours -- half the time of commercial airliners . But even before an Air France Concorde crashed in 2000 , killing all 100 passengers and nine crew members on board , the luster was beginning to wane . Battling high operating costs and low passenger numbers , Air France and British Airways grounded their small , aging fleet a mere three years later . But the dream of supersonic flight has not disappeared . Aviation manufacturers such as Boeing , Lockheed Martin and Aerion are working on supersonic technology -- with the latter predicting it could have a supersonic business jet in service as early as 2020 . Industry expert Joe Lissenden , the director of aerospace and defense consulting in the Americas for IHS Jane 's , says it 's likely that a next-generation supersonic commercial aircraft will emerge . High demand from passengers , historic profitability on the routes and significant technological improvements have combined to make supersonic flight all the more viable , he said . Read also : The air fare too good to be true For Lissenden , the one challenge that remains is fuel cost . "  Faster flights consume fuel faster which makes the flight more expensive , " he said . "  But this is a premium route , and premium prices will be charged . " Crucial to the efforts to restore supersonic aircraft to the skies is the work of national aerospace programs such as NASA and Japan 's JAXA . Peter Coen is the supersonics research project manager for NASA 's fundamental aeronautics program . While the agency is not working on a specific supersonic aircraft , he said , "  we are working on technologies we feel represent barriers to bringing back successful supersonic aircraft . " Those barriers include high atmosphere emissions , noise produced when taking off and landing , and the sonic boom -- the sound associated with the shockwaves created when objects travel faster than the speed of sound , which has prevented supersonic aircraft from flying overland routes . See also : Air Force 's hypersonic test fails Coen said his division was concentrated on addressing the sonic boom issue first , because "  if you do n't have overland supersonic flight , there 's never going to be a market for the supersonic aircraft . " NASA has been collaborating with Boeing and Lockheed Martin on systems-level design studies , with each manufacturer producing models that have been subjected to wind tunnel testing to gauge their effectiveness . Coen said phase one testing had successfully validated the basic design techniques . Reshaping the aircraft , the designs -- Boeing 's two-jet configuration with engines mounted above the wing , and Lockheed Martin 's tri-jet configuration , with two engines below the wing and a third mounted in the tail -- had been proven to significantly reduce the sonic boom to a "  thump , " dropping the noise from Concorde levels to close to what is considered the level of acceptability . Coen said he expected to see a next-generation "  son of Concorde " in the marketplace by around 2030 , while a supersonic business jet "  could happen sooner . " "  The boom is the barrier and if we can get past that , I think we 'll see people giving supersonic flight a lot more serious consideration , " he said . The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  also hopes to develop a supersonic passenger aircraft that is quiet , economical and environmentally friendly , and expects to achieved it some time this century . Spokesman Masahisa Honda said that while the agency currently had no aircraft in specific development , along current projections it predicted a supersonic business jet to enter the market some time after 2015 . Read also : ` Hidden ' airline charges -- dirty tricks or customer choice ? One of the frontrunners to do so is the Aerion SBJ , an 8-12 passenger business jet . "  It will herald a return to supersonic civil flight without Concorde 's environmental and economic drawbacks , " said Aerion spokesman Adam Konowe . He said development of a joint venture with aircraft manufacturers to produce the SBJ had been slowed by the recession , but once a deal was struck he anticipated a six-year development program to bring the aircraft to market . "  We believe the SBJ will be certified , and enter service around the end of the decade -- 2020 , " he said . But not everyone is convinced that a return to supersonic passenger flight is just around the corner . Chris Seymour , head of market analysis with aviation experts Ascend , was skeptical that there would be much progress before at least 2030 . "  I think there 's so many issues to be considered that I certainly ca n't see it happening in the next 20 years , " he said . Seymour believes that although technological barriers will likely be overcome , the key factor in whether it will become a reality is whether a market exists that is prepared to pay a premium for the ultimate status symbol in business travel -- particularly in an air-travel market that is focused on low prices . "  Will you have enough passengers willing to pay higher fares to fly more quickly ? " He said . "  If you look at Concorde , that was n't the case . It came along at a time when the 747 also came in , which carried more people for lower fares . That 's where the market was . " Peter Warth , director of Complete Aviation Solutions , also believes that a return to supersonic flight is further off than some are making out . "  There seems to be multiple technological and commercial obstacles that will need to be cleared , " he said . But he conceded : "  I 'm sure that when the original plans for Concorde , the A380 and the 787 Dreamliner were announced , the same questions about whether it could be achieved were asked . But they eventually delivered . I think time will tell . "	The quest continues for a next-generation supersonic aircraft Aerion predicts it will have a business jet in service by about 2020 NASA is close to muffling the sonic boom that prevents overland supersonic flight Some analysts question whether a market exists for expensive supersonic travel
North Korea fired a short-range missile into the Sea of Japan on Sunday , according to South Korea 's semiofficial news agency Yonhap , citing a South Korean military official . On Saturday , North Korea launched three short-range guided missiles into the sea , also known as the East Sea , off the Korean Peninsula 's east coast , Yonhap reported . The missiles on Saturday were fired in a northeasterly direction , away from South Korean waters , the ministry said . South Korea has beefed up monitoring on North Korea and is maintaining a high level of readiness to deal with any risky developments , the ministry added , according to Yonhap . According to the Arms Control Association , a U.S.-based organization , short-range guided missiles are generally classified as those traveling less than 1,000 kilometers  about 620 miles  . Tensions in the region have eased since a period last month that included near daily North Korean threats of war . Opinion : What North Korea could learn from Myanmar U.S. and South Korean officials feared at that time that Kim Jong Un 's regime was planning to carry out a test launch of longer-range ballistic missiles , believed to be Musudans . The South Korean government says they have a maximum range of 3,500 kilometers  2,175 miles  . Andrew Salmon , a journalist and author based in the South Korean capital , Seoul , said North Korea 's reported launch of short-range missiles Saturday should not cause the same degree of concern as the launch of a satellite or medium-range Musudan rocket . "  It 's a short-range tactical weapon . If any other country launched this kind of weapon , it 's a routine test , nobody would be too worried . It 's really simply because it 's North Korea doing this that it raises concerns , " he said . The situation is much less tense in the region than it was last month , Salmon said . "  The North Koreans have significantly de-escalated their bellicosity and their rhetoric since the end of April , " he said . "  The South Korean government , I suspect , will not be strongly condemnatory of this test because right now they are very , very keen to get the North Koreans to the negotiating table . " Orphaned and homeless : Surviving the streets of North Korea The recent tensions flared after the North 's long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February , both of which were widely condemned . Pyongyang 's fiery rhetoric intensified in March as the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the regime following the nuclear test . Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills in South Korea also fueled the North 's anger , especially when the United States carried out displays of strength that included nuclear-capable B2 stealth bombers . North Korea is demanding recognition as a nuclear power , something the United States refuses to accept . Last month 's crisis resulted in the closure of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , the last major symbol of inter-Korean cooperation . How a North Korean camp escapee changed human rights	North Korea fired its fourth short-range missile in two days , South Korea tells news agency Missiles were fired into the sea off the Korean Peninsula 's east coast , Yonhap reports Tensions in the region have eased since a peak last month
San Francisco  CNN  -- As a juvenile corrections officer in Southern California , Teresa Goines found it rewarding to work with troubled youth and help them turn their lives around . The hardest part usually came after their release . "  They 'd be super excited , ready to start a new life , " she said . "  They 'd be put in the exact same environment , though , so they 'd reoffend , and they 'd come back . " Sometimes , Goines said , they would call and say they wanted to come back . "  That would break my heart , " she said . "  I 'd be all tough during the day and drive home at night and cry . " Goines felt that by sending these young men home without enough support to keep them on the right track , the system was essentially setting them up to fail . Finding a well-paying job can be a tough proposition when you have a criminal record , Goines said . She wanted to provide an alternative to gangs , knowing that such groups often give troubled youth a way to make money while providing a sense of family and social support . Eventually , she came up with the idea for the Old Skool Cafe , a 1940s-style restaurant run entirely by young people from difficult circumstances . The bistro is in one of San Francisco 's roughest neighborhoods , but inside , the atmosphere is warm and inviting . Customers come from all over the city to enjoy the food and entertainment and to support Goines ' mission , which provides jobs , career training and a built-in support system to at least 25 at-risk people each year . Goines estimates that 75 % of those who 've worked at the restaurant have been incarcerated or in trouble with the law . Jonathan Zavala was first incarcerated at 14 , and he floated in and out of California 's juvenile justice system for years . With his criminal record , he did n't see many options for himself . "  I thought , ` No one is going to hire me ; what else can I do ? ' " said Zavala , now 19 . A year ago , his probation officer told him about the restaurant . Now , three nights a week , Zavala works as a server and has become a valued member of the Old Skool team . Young people like Zavala fill all of the positions in the restaurant . With the help of a couple of adult mentors , they stock the kitchen , prepare the food , serve the meals and manage the staff . They also play a large part in creating their menu of "  international soul food , " which now contains several of their family recipes . Goines , a Christian , also offers to share her religious faith with any program participant who is interested , but she says that her program is completely inclusive and welcomes everyone , regardless of their beliefs . The restaurant 's theme is inspired by Harlem in the late 1920s through the '40s , and the staff is decked out in red-and-black uniforms from the time period . Goines loves the music and spirit of that era and knew it would be a cool , unique vibe that would help attract customers , but she also had another motive . "  From the Harlem Renaissance to ... jazz and swing , so much of that was started by African-Americans , " she said . "  So many of our youth are of minority descent , I feel like that connection to that era is really important . " Zavala says he likes his uniform and red fedora . "  People , when they come in , they say , ` You look good ! ' " he said . "  They 're not used to seeing kids who 've been in trouble look like that . They see us in a different way . " Giving young people a chance to be seen differently -- and to see themselves differently -- is what the program is all about . It 's open to at-risk youth ages 16 to 22 , many of whom are referred by social workers or probation officers . The applicants must submit letters of recommendation and a personal essay and go through two rounds of interviews with the program 's youth leaders . Once accepted , they begin a four-month training course . During weekly sessions , employees teach the trainees the basics of every position in the restaurant . Then the new recruits test their skills by shadowing veteran staffers during their shift . "  Some days , you 'll be the house manager . Other days , you 'll bus tables or be the head chef , " Goines said . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Trainees , like Old Skool staff members , attend workshops on financial literacy , r  sum  writing and interview skills . They also meet regularly with a life coach who helps them set goals and connects them with resources for housing or medical care . Participants who have n't graduated from high school must be pursuing a diploma or working on a GED . The program is very strict : More than one unexcused absence from work is enough to be dismissed . Trainees receive periodic stipends , and if they complete the training , they can apply for a job . Employees earn minimum wage -- $ 10.55 an hour in San Francisco -- and tips are shared by the entire staff . They are also encouraged to take on more responsibility and help supervise the newer members . Ultimately , the youth leaders decide whom to hire and fire . "  The whole structure of this organization is meant for the youth to keep rising up in leadership and management , " Goines said . "  I 'm a big believer in ownership . ... The more decision-making opportunities they have , the more life-changing it is . " Tammy Vaitai , 22 , was withdrawn and quiet as a result of the domestic violence she witnessed while she was growing up . She has been involved with Goines ' program for five years , and today she 's the youth manager of the restaurant , handling the scheduling , training and service in the "  front of the house . " She also performs spoken-word poetry at the restaurant and recently started singing with the band . "  Now , I own my own car , I have a full-time job , and I 'm currently applying to be a homeowner , " she said . "  I 'm so stoked about my future . " She credits Goines with helping make it all possible . "  Goines  pushes you past your comfort zone and past whatever limits you give yourself , " she said . "  She 's great at encouraging us to just dream big . She obviously did it herself . This  restaurant  was a big dream when it started off ... and she made it happen . " For Zavala , the program has been the break he needed to stay on the right path . "  I 've been staying out of trouble , " he said . "  Now , I have a support system . ... I feel like we 're all like family trying to help each other . " He 's hoping that Old Skool 's scholarship fund will help him attend technical school , where he wants to create and patent his own inventions . Stories like this are what motivate Goines . She wants to establish other Old Skool Cafes across the country , and she hopes that some of the young people she 's working with now will help her . "  I think there 's something about a light going on when you realize your potential , " she said . "  The core of it is giving them hope . ... Once that light goes on , whatever they do , they 're on their way to fly . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Old Skool Cafe website at www.oldskoolcafe.org and see how to help .	The Old Skool Cafe in San Francisco is helping troubled youth realize their potential They run the 1940s-style restaurant while getting valuable career training and support Founder Teresa Goines was a juvenile corrections officer in Southern California Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
Human rights lawyers filed a class action law suit in a U.S federal court accusing the United Nations of gross negligence and misconduct on behalf of victims of a cholera outbreak in Haiti in 2010 . "  The claims are that the U.N. engaged in reckless and gross negligence and misconduct bringing cholera to Haiti , " said Ira Kurzban , a lawyer and board member with the Boston-based Institute for Justice and Development in Haiti . The group is demanding financial compensation for the 8,300 Haitians who died as a result of the cholera epidemic as well as some 650,000 more survivors of the illness . How women are lifting up Haiti U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq expressed to CNN "  it is not the United Nations ' practice to discuss in public claims filed against the Organization . " Earlier this year , however , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon declared the United Nations could not receive claims for compensation from Haitian cholera victims , arguing that the organization had legal immunity according to an international convention . In October 2010 , a cholera epidemic exploded in Haiti , striking as the island country was still reeling from a deadly earthquake earlier that year which killed tens of thousands of people . The cholera bacteria , which is not indigenous to Haiti , spread rapidly , ultimately killing an estimated 8,300 people . The epidemic sparked riots in several cities and towns against the force of some 8,000 U.N. peacekeepers deployed there . Haiti transitions from relief to rebuilding Several scientific and medical investigators eventually concluded that one of the likely sources of the outbreak was sewage leaking from a U.N. base housing Nepalese peacekeepers . The base was perched above a tributary stream leading into the Artibonite River near the town of Meille . "  The way we understand disease transmission today , there is no other good explanation for how a  cholera  strain that was present only in the northeastern region of the Indian subcontinent traveled 9,000 miles to Haiti and happened to end up in a river next to a base with U.N. peacekeepers from Nepal , said Jonathan Katz , a former Associated Press reporter who was one of the first journalists to investigate the source of outbreak in 2010 . Katz , who further investigated the U.N. 's response to the outbreak in his book "  The Big Truck That Went By : How the World Came to Save Haiti and Left Behind a Disaster , " accused the United Nations of covering up its responsibility for the cholera epidemic . "  In 2010 , the U.N. did n't want anyone to talk about this , " Katz said , in a phone interview with CNN . "  They were directly castigating anyone who would bring up the topic . " In September , the prime minister of Haiti raised the issue during a speech before the U.N. General Assembly . "  The United Nations has a moral responsibility for the eruption of the epidemic , " said Prime Minister Laurent Lamothe , according to a U.N. transcript . Lamothe argued that the current efforts made by the U.N. to eradicate cholera were far from sufficient . He called for the creation of a joint commission to further study the disease . In a briefing to journalists on Wednesday , U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said as a result of the Haitian epidemic , the organization was in the process of adopting steps to prevent the further spread of the disease . "  Part of our lessons learned from this has been to screen peacekeepers for cholera , " Haq said . Health authorities continue to document thousands of cholera cases a month . At least 182 Haitians died of cholera between April and August 2013 , according to the World Health Organization . In 2011 : Haiti cholera victims demand U.N. compensation	Lawsuit in U.S federal court accuses U.N. of gross negligence and misconduct Thousands of Haitians died of cholera in 2010 , on the heels of a devastating earthquake It was determined that sewage leaking from a U.N. base contributed to the outbreak Secretary-general has said the U.N. has legal immunity , by international convention
They dress like allies , but they kill like enemies . Gunmen wearing Afghan military uniforms turning against coalition troops has been an ongoing nightmare for NATO 's International Security Assistance Forces . It happened again Tuesday , when a man believed to be an Afghan soldier killed U.S. Army Maj. Gen. Harold Greene and shot several others at a military training facility in Kabul . It 's impossible to tell if or when the next "  green-on-blue " attack might occur . But here 's what we do know : How often do these attacks happen ? Such assaults were rare in the first few years of the Afghan War , averaging no more than one a year through 2008 , according to the New America Foundation . But after the "  surge " of 33,000 U.S. troops in 2009 , the number of insider attacks jumped to four . The attacks spiked in 2012 with 48 , according to a Pentagon report . The incidents have declined since then , with 15 attacks in 2013 and two in the first quarter of 2014 , as more troops withdraw and coalition forces try new ways of mitigating the attacks . "  Despite this sharp decline , these attacks may still have strategic effects on the campaign and could jeopardize the relationship between coalition and ANSF  Afghan National Security Forces  personnel , " a U.S. Defense Department report said . Who carries out these attacks ? Sometimes it 's actual Afghan soldiers or police officers ; sometimes it 's insurgents such as Taliban militants disguised as Afghan security forces . The Taliban acknowledged Gen. Greene 's killing Tuesday , but has n't claimed responsibility for it . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said officials believe an Afghan soldier was the gunman . An ISAF official said the group of coalition forces was standing outside , and the attacker shot from inside a nearby building at a distance of about 100 yards . The Pentagon is n't commenting on the possibility of Taliban involvement , saying the Afghan military and international forces are in the early stages of an investigation . But the Taliban have claimed responsibility for previous attacks . The terror group even released a video showing how their fighters trained to break through the fence at Camp Bastion , the site of a 2012 assault that left two U.S. Marines dead and six jets destroyed . NATO said the Taliban militants were wearing U.S. Army uniforms . They also carried automatic rifles , rocket-propelled grenade launchers and suicide vests . What are the motives ? The intentions can run the gamut . Witnessing the horrors of war sometimes inspires soldiers to turn against their onetime allies , said Philip Mudd , a CNN counterterrorism analyst and former CIA official . In 2012 , the deadliest year of insider attacks , a Defense Department official said the United States estimated 40 % of them were due to Afghan members ' own combat or emotional stress , and 15 % are a result of intimidation by the insurgency or actually being recruited by it . The official said about 10 % came from impersonators who are not part of the military . But in more than 30 % of the assaults , no clear motivations were found . In many cases , such as in Tuesday 's attack , the answer might never be known because the assailant was killed . How does the Afghan military vet its soldiers ? Military recruits are vetted by their high school grades , an entrance exam , a health screening and biometrics , said Daulat Waziri , deputy spokesman for the Afghan Ministry of Defense . They must also pass a background check and provide two references who are government employees . It 's still unclear whether the gunman in Tuesday 's attack had Taliban ties or whether he slipped through the military 's screening process . "  I do n't think we should look and make judgments about the vetting process too quickly , " Mudd said . "  You would think on the surface that maybe he was recruited by the Taliban . That 's not necessarily the case . " What about allied forces turning against Afghan civilians ? In March 2012 , U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales slipped away from the camp where he was stationed and into a village in Kandahar province , where he began shooting at civilians . He returned to the base , reloaded , and went out again to target another village . He left a trail of blood and gore in both villages , with nine children among the dead . Witnesses claimed the U.S. soldier dragged some bodies of his victims ' outside and set them ablaze . By the end of the rampage , 16 villagers were dead . Bales was charged with murder and eventually sentenced to life in prison . Bales described his attack as "  an act of cowardice " and said he 'd taken steroids and drank sporadically . The Taliban vowed to retaliate "  by killing and beheading Americans anywhere in the country . " What can be done to mitigate insider attacks ? Coalition forces have started using what they call "  guardian angels , " or armed troops who oversee others during meal times and when soldiers are sleeping . Two years ago , after the deadliest spate of attacks , troops started receiving a fold-up pamphlet called "  Inside the Wire Threats - Afghanistan Green on Blue " to help prevent such assaults . A Defense Department official said it advises troops under attack who have their own weapons on them to "  resolve the situation with forces at hand " and not wait for backup . Unarmed troops at meetings or dining halls have been vulnerable in the past , but now , all are carrying their weapons , preloaded with a magazine of ammunition . Weapons must be within arm 's reach at all times , according to U.S. military sources . The pamphlet also offers broad indicators of behaviors by Afghans that could indicate they are a threat , the Defense Department official said . Things to watch for include complaints about other countries or religions , comments that advocate violence , a personality change , becoming isolated and not wanting to be around others , speaking in favor of radical ideology or showing an undue interest in coalition base headquarters or living quarters . But Kirby said insider attacks are "  a pernicious threat " that are "  difficult to always ascertain , to come to grips with ... anywhere , particularly in a place like Afghanistan . " "  Afghanistan is still a war zone , " he noted . What 's the future of U.S. troops in Afghanistan ? In February , the Obama administration announced it had started planning for the possible withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2014 if Afghanistan did not sign a security agreement pertaining to rights of U.S. troops operating there . President Barack Obama called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan after the end of 2014 , along with some allied forces . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent .	Afghan defense official : Recruits must pass background checks and provide government references Insider attacks are sometimes committed by Afghan soldiers , sometimes by the Taliban Official : Motives range from emotional stress to being influenced by insurgency Coalition forces use "  guardian angels , " or armed troops who guard at meal times and at night
CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was told to take a month off work after doctors diagnosed her with a subdural hematoma . The diagnosis and the doctor 's recommendation mean Fernandez will be out of commission during the critical campaign season for congressional elections on October 27 . Spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said Saturday the president will suspend all her activities . A subdural hematoma is a blood clot on the brain 's surface beneath its outer covering , called the dura . Often , in people over 60 , a brain trauma can cause the blood vessels in the brain to tear , and blood to clot . In August , Fernandez , 60 , suffered a cranial trauma , for which doctors conducted a brain scan and found normal results with no symptoms at the time , Scoccimarro said . Doctors at a Buenos Aires hospital discovered the hematoma on Saturday after a neurological evaluation , he said . According to Argentina 's constitution , the vice president would assume the presidency temporarily in the president 's absence , but officials have not said if that will occur in this situation . Fernandez 's health made headlines when she underwent surgery in January 2012 to remove her thyroid , after doctors said they detected cancer in the gland . A few days later , a spokesman for Fernandez said she did not actually have cancer and that doctors had discarded their original diagnosis .	Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has a blood clot on the surface of her brain A month of rest is recommended Spokesman : The president suffered cranial trauma in August
CNN  -- Mike Loverde was 29 when his family intervened in his addiction to prescription painkillers . He remembers his parents driving him from Chicago , Illinois , to a rehab center in rural Indiana . He was crying because he wanted to get high . Be honest and nonjudgmental when you confront someone about dangerous behavior , experts say . Eight years later , Loverde is a counselor and director of program services at the Intervention Services Inc. branch outside Chicago . When someone seems to have lost control of life , or has become a danger to himself or herself , family members or friends often try to intervene . Addictions to alcohol or drugs , or an untreated mental illness , are all reasons for concern . Janet Jackson had reportedly tried in 2007 to stage an intervention for her brother Michael Jackson , who died of cardiac arrest June 25 , two sources close to the Jackson family told CNN Wednesday . Britney Spears ' family intervened in 2008 through the courts , after a judge in her custody case cited her for "  habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . " Her father , Jamie Spears , was granted temporary conservatorship over her . How to intervene Interventions can take many forms . Simply suggesting that a drug addict make an appointment for professional help may work , experts say . Speaking openly , in a compassionate tone and without judgment , is an effective way to approach these conversations , said Patrick Hart , an intervention specialist in Seattle , Washington . The addiction or other problem should be viewed as an illness that deserves professional care , he said . "  Do not expect an addicted loved one to simply stop within their own right , " Hart said . "  Offer specified help . " A more formal , direct intervention involves family members confronting the person and encouraging the addict to seek help . Before this meeting , a professional interventionist typically meets with family members or friends of the addict to get a history of what 's happened , said Dr. Marvin Seppala , chief medical officer at Hazelden Foundation . Letters are a typical component of a direct intervention : The family members or friends will explain in writing that they are doing the intervention because they love the addict , and that they have observed specific troubling behaviors , as described in the letter , Seppala said . Beforehand , the professional interventionist will try to prepare for the possibility that the addict will run away and , along with the family , create specific consequences if the person does not agree to go into treatment , Seppala said . For example , if the person is married , an addict 's spouse may not permit him or her back into the home , Seppala said . If the person is living with family , the relatives may kick that person out of the house , Loverde said . The direct intervention model is not always the best method , experts say . Dr. Bankole Johnson , chairman of psychiatric medicine at the University of Virginia , said this confrontational approach leaves the addict somewhat humiliated and may reduce the benefits of rehab treatment for the person . If the intervention does not work , it creates a chasm between the family members and the addict , he said . Instead , it 's best to treat the addiction as a medical problem and stress the physical consequences of it , Johnson said . Simply telling a person that he or she has a problem with alcohol or drugs is often not as effective as saying , "  You seem to be having difficulties with your sleeping , or you seem to be having difficulties with your breathing , " he said . Recognizing enablers Often there are people in the addict 's life known as "  enablers " who do n't necessarily see the addiction as a problem , Seppala said . These may include friends , family members , doctors and , in the case celebrities , an entourage . Some celebrities become surrounded by enablers because greed and money taint the decision-making of people they know , Seppala said . " -LSB- If -RSB- their only real claim to fame is proximity to the celebrity , or getting money out of that situation , they 're going to say whatever the wealthy person wants them to say , " he said . This may lead a well-known person with a drug problem to feel isolated , despite having a lot of people around , because he or she is n't getting the truth from anyone , Seppala said . "  You 've got to count on family and friends who may have known you before you became famous , " he said . For well-known people with drug problems , it 's especially difficult to get the treatment they need because the celebrity factor may cloud doctors ' care , Johnson said . "  The practitioner is saying , ` If I do n't give the person what they want , they 'll go and see someone else , ' " Johnson said . Sometimes people , especially family members , enable out of misguided love . For example , Loverde said that while family members do not intentionally make an addict get worse , they may not know what to do except love the person in need . But by not acting they enable that person . "  You set up a family system , " Loverde said . "  You create the enabler , you create the punisher , you create these unhealthy family roles and people kind of mold into them based on the addiction itself . " Legal action In most states treatment for addiction can not be forced by family members or friends , Seppala said . That 's where the legal system comes in . But it 's very difficult to prove in court that a person is not able to manage his or her own life because of an addiction , experts say . Different states have different laws , but generally a conservatorship -- when someone takes legal charge of another person 's decisions -- is only granted if a person is a danger to other people or to himself , Johnson said . Generally , the person has to commit a crime , such as driving while intoxicated , before the legal system gets involved in ordering treatment , Johnson said . In California , for example , a probate conservatorship involves a family member or other interested party taking over part or all decision making for an adult whose decision-making ability is impaired . It must be shown that the person can not provide food , clothing or shelter for himself . But sometimes the very threat of police intervention is enough to prompt an addict to consent to treatment , Seppala said . The bottom line Experts stressed that family members and friends should not wait until the person they 're concerned about "  hits rock bottom " before attempting to get help from a professional . "  Very rarely does someone wake up in the morning and say , ' I want to change , ' " Loverde said .	Janet Jackson reportedly tried to stage an intervention for her brother Michael Even family members may become enablers in the life of an addict , experts say Do n't wait until the person you 're concerned about "  hits rock bottom " In most states treatment for addiction can not be forced by family members or friends
CNN  -- Arsenal forward Robin van Persie has accused former teammate Emmanuel Adebayor of deliberately trying to injure him with a stamp during their English Premier League defeat to Manchester City . Robin van Persie has accused Emmanuel Adebayor of trying to deliberately injure him . Adebayor , who left Arsenal for City in July for a fee in the region of $ 40 million , seemed to lunge at the Dutch international who sustained a cut on the side of his head which required treatment . Match referee Mark Clattenburg did not get a clear view of the incident in a match which City won 4-2 at Eastlands and Adebayor escaped punishment following the van Persie incident , although he was booked for his goal celebration in front of the Arsenal fans after he ran the full length of the pitch . Football Association chief executive Ian Watmore has confirmed the governing body will take a "  good close look " at the two incidents involving Adebayor who scored in the 80th minute . But van Persie directed his ire towards Togo international Adebayor , who spent three-and-a-half years at the Emirates Stadium before his move to City , with a statement on the official Arsenal Web site . Do you think the FA should punish Adebayor for his conduct ? Sound Off below "  I am sad and disappointed by my former team-mate Emmanuel Adebayor 's mindless and malicious stamp on me , " van Persie said . "  He set out to hurt me and I feel lucky that I have not suffered a greater injury . The contact was only centimeters from my eye . We are both professional footballers and I know that the game is physical . I , too , have made hard and sometimes mis-timed challenges but never with the intention of hurting an opponent . He set out to hurt me today . "  I knew he was aiming for a collision because he changed the angle of his body to allow contact to be made . He moved backwards when his natural momentum would have taken him forward . I find that deeply disrespectful . He has shown a real lack of class today , to me and the fans . "  I do feel lucky that I have not received a greater injury . The contact was only centimeters from my eye . I have not received an apology from him , there were no words exchanged afterwards . He had his own agenda today and that is bad for football . It 's bad for the game we all love . "  I want to make it clear that this has nothing to do with the result of today 's match . We do not hide from that disappointment but I need to speak out about this behavior . " Adebayor later apologized for his goal celebration in front of the Arsenal supporters as it later emerged that a match steward needed hospital treatment after being hit by a flying object in the wake of the reaction by the Gunners fans . City manager Mark Hughes called for the authorities not to come down too hard on the 25-year-old Togo international for the celebration . "  We have to cut Emmanuel a bit of slack -- he is an emotional guy and was caught up in the moment . It was a fantastic goal and great finish , " Hughes told the club 's Web site . "  He has already apologized on camera and that is the right thing to do because obviously it can be provocative . "  We just have to understand that he is an emotional guy and he wanted to share the moment with the fans in the corner with whom he has a special affinity . It is the same area that the Arsenal fans were in so there is the potential for people to see it as the wrong thing to do . We recognize that and so does Ade . "	Emmanuel Adebayor appears to stamp on Arsenal forward Robin van Persie Van Persie says that Adebayor deliberately set out to injure him in the match Adebayor also celebrated his goal in Man City 's 4-2 win in front of Arsenal fans FA set to investigate Adebayor 's conduct in the English Premier League clash
CNN  -- Arizona will appeal a judge 's decision to overturn the murder conviction and death sentence of Debra Milke , the state 's attorney general announced Friday . A jury convicted Milke of murder , conspiracy to commit murder , child abuse and kidnapping on October 12 , 1990 , less than a year after her 4-year-old son was found dead . She was sentenced to death a few months later . But on Thursday , Chief Judge Alex Kozinski of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned her conviction after determining she did not receive a fair trial . His rationale was that prosecutors did not disclose the "  history of misconduct " of its key witness , a Phoenix police detective , who had testified that Milke confessed to being involved in a plot to kill her son . Unbeknownst to the defense or to the jury , previous judges had tossed out four confessions or indictments because Detective Armando Saldate Jr. had lied under oath , among other issues . Arizona woman 's murder conviction , death sentence overturned But Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne challenged Kozinski 's decision , vowing Friday to personally argue on the state 's behalf if the U.S. Supreme Court takes the appeal . "  Ms. Milke was found to have arranged the killing of her own son , a four-year-old toddler , because he was too much of a burden and interfering with her life , " Horne said in a written statement . " ... This is a horrible crime . The Ninth Circuit 's decision needs to be reversed , and justice for Christopher needs to be served . " A day after seeing Santa Claus at a mall , young Christopher Milke asked his mother if he could go again . That was the plan , she said , when the boy got into the car with Milke 's roommate , James Styers . Styers picked up a friend , "  but instead of heading to the mall , the two men drove the boy out of town to a secluded ravine , where Styers shot Christopher three times in the head , " according to Kozinski 's summary of the case . Styers was convicted of first-degree murder in the boy 's killing and sentenced to death . During her trial , "  no ... witnesses or direct evidence  linked  Milke to the crime " other than Saldate The detective questioned Milke -- an interrogation that was n't recorded or witnessed by anyone else -- and later claimed she 'd confessed to her role in the murder conspiracy , saying it was a "  bad judgment call . " But Milke offered a vastly different view of the interrogation and denied that she had admitted to any role in a murder plot . "  The judge and jury believed Saldate , " Kozinski wrote Thursday . "  But they did n't know about Saldate 's long history of lying under oath and other misconduct . " Kozinski , chiding prosecutors for remaining "  unconstitutionally silent " about the detective 's background , overturned the conviction and set the stage for Milke 's release from prison unless the state quickly presses forward with a retrial . Horne , the Arizona attorney general , argues that the 49-year-old woman should remain on death row , given his understanding of what happened . "  After dressing him up and telling him he was going to the mall to see Santa Claus , Milke was convicted of sending her young son off to be shot , execution style , in a desert wash , " he said . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	Debra Milke was convicted of murder in her son 's death and given the death penalty A judge tossed her conviction ; the jury did n't know a detective 's "  history of misconduct " Arizona 's attorney general says he 'll appeal the case to the U.S. Supreme Court Milke sent "  her young son off to be shot , executive style , " the attorney general says
CNN  -- Two suspects were arrested over the weekend after authorities found two tons of raw elephant ivory and five rhinoceros horns at Nairobi 's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport , the Kenya Wildlife Service said Monday . The cargo had been disguised as avocados , according to the service , which says its mission is "  to sustainably conserve and manage Kenya 's wildlife and its habitats in collaboration with other stakeholders for posterity . " "  Most of the tusks seem to have been collected from natural deaths of about 150 elephants over the last 20 years with the latest likely to be 6 months old , " it said in a news release . "  None of the tusks had the indelible ink used for marking government-held stocks . DNA tests will be conducted to determine the tusks ' actual origin . " The seizure and arrests resulted from a joint operation that included the Kenya Wildlife Service , Kenya Revenue Authority , Lusaka Agreement Task Force and the Kenya Police , the wildlife service said . On Saturday night , the airport 's warehouse security contacted a canine unit after becoming suspicious about a cargo destined for Malaysia through Dubai by Emirates Airline , it said . "  The cargo , which was falsely declared as containing only fresh avocado fruits , was packed in 12 wooden boxes , which raised a red flag due to its mode of package , weight and destination , " it said . Inside the boxes , officials found the contraband packed among avocados and wrapped in black paper and banana leaves -- packaging used in an attempt to evade detection , the wildlife service said . Last year , 204 elephants were illegally killed in Kenya , up from 94 in 2008 and 47 in 2007 , the service said . Also last year , 13 rhinoceroses were illegally killed in the country , up from five in 2008 , it said . In 1979 , Africa was home to some 1.3 million elephants ; by 1989 only 600,000 remained , a drop blamed almost wholly on the killing of elephants for ivory , the service said . There are currently about 400,000 elephants in Africa , it said . After the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species banned international commercial ivory trade in 1989 , demand dropped as did the price of ivory -- from $ 300 per kilo to about $ 3 per kilo , it said . As some southern African elephant populations appeared healthier , restrictions eased in 1997 and 2002 , when Botswana , Namibia , South Africa and Zimbabwe were allowed to sell limited stocks of ivory to Japan .	Two tons of ivory , five rhino horns seized Sunday at Nairobi 's airport The cargo had been disguised as avocados Two suspects arrested , officials say
CNN  -- Some of the country 's best firefighters matched wits Wednesday with a fiendish Colorado wildfire that has scorched structures and sent tens of thousands fleeing from Colorado Springs and other communities . As predicted , erratic winds kicked up again in the afternoon , increasing the chance of embers jumping fire lines and creating more havoc , officials said . "  We are learning as we fight this fire some of its tricks , " said incident commander Rich Harvey . "  And one of its tricks is to run down these hills that way . You can fool us once , maybe , but not twice . " Officials said they had not completed an inventory of homes and other structures lost or damaged Tuesday by the Waldo Canyon Fire , which was only 5 % contained . They were making plans to schedule a meeting with affected residents . "  It really is a loss , and there is a grieving process that has to take place , " said Steve Cox with the Colorado Springs mayor 's executive team . The FBI 's Denver office , meanwhile , said it was working with other agencies to determine whether any of a dozen wildfires across the state resulted from criminal activity . Nearly 1,000 firefighters tried to corral the 15,517-acre blaze that moved into Colorado Springs . Gov. John Hickenlooper told CNN 's "  John King USA " that the number of evacuations grew Wednesday to 36,000 . "  We 're still fighting with everything we 've got , " he said . Harvey said progress had been made in some portions of the Waldo Canyon Fire , and firefighters were taking an aggressive stance against hot spots . "  It 's been house to house , door to door , street to street , hill to hill activity , " he said of one location . Higher humidity and cloud cover Wednesday night might aid firefighting efforts , but there was no guarantee conditions would not be similar to Tuesday 's conflagration , Harvey told reporters . Some rain did fall Wednesday on a separate fire burning near Boulder , Colorado , according to the National Weather Service . President Barack Obama will travel to the Colorado Springs area Friday to survey the damage and thank responders battling the blaze , the White House said . The Waldo Canyon Fire captured attention because of its proximity to landmarks such as Pikes Peak and the Air Force Academy , and also to Colorado Springs , a city of about 400,000 , the state 's second largest . "  We have rehearsed and practiced disasters , " said Dave Rose , public information officer for El Paso County , which includes Colorado Springs . "  We have never seen one like this before . " Winds gusting to 65 mph through mountain canyons blew the wildfire through containment lines into northwest Colorado Springs on Tuesday afternoon . It roared downhill , burning to the ground the Flying W Ranch , a popular Western-style tourist destination . CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen likened conditions to a double-edged sword . While temperatures were down a bit Wednesday , high-based thunderstorms will be fed by rising air , wind and low humidity , he said . Such storms produce lightning and rain , but dry air will suck up most of the precipitation before it hits the ground . Lightning can reach the parched soil and possibly ignite additional fires , according to Hennen . Open Story : iReporters share their harrowing views of the western wildfires Richard Brown , the Colorado Springs fire chief , on Tuesday described the Waldo Canyon Fire as a "  firestorm of epic proportions . " Stan and Darlene Colbert were among the last families in the evacuation zone to pull out . They waited , hoping the fire would subside , but after watching the flames from their back porch , they knew it was time to go . The first things the couple -- married 43 years -- packed were the family photos . "  Every one of them I could find . Every photo because I ca n't replace those , " said Darlene Colbert . Many residents waited anxiously to get word of whether their homes had been spared . Becky Schormann was one . Her family managed to take some sentimental items with them when they left , but still had to leave behind a boat , a pair of ATVs , a china cabinet and an antique doll collection . "  I keep telling myself : It 's going to be OK , " she said . Schormann told CNN that flames came to within 20 feet of their home but were beaten back . "  Our volunteer fire department is just awesome , " she said . The Schormanns are staying in an RV at their daughter 's home . The family 's two dogs , a pony and a donkey also came along for the ride . The flames came dangerously close to the Air Force Academy 's main campus , and an evacuation order was issued for about 700 residents in its Pine Valley Housing and 1,400 in Douglass Valley Housing , said public affairs officer John Van Winkle . The facility was closed to visitors Wednesday , with only essential personnel asked to report . Reactions : Monster fire terrorizes a Colorado city The academy 's powered flight , glider and parachuting operations have been called off since Saturday so that the U.S. Forest Service could use runways for helicopters used to fight fires along Colorado 's Front Range , Van Winkle said . The academy 's Class of 2016 -- all 1,045 cadets -- is still scheduled to arrive Thursday , but officials are making contingency plans in case they have to report to a different location on the base . Rose , the county information officer , said one in four callers to the joint information center are offering food for firefighters , shelter for displaced neighbors or to volunteer in some capacity . "  It is a somber resolve , " Rose told CNN . "  There 's no doubt that we have a grim reality that we have lost a number of structures . Our western border mountain vista has dramatically altered . " Colorado wildfires had consumed 181,426 acres by Wednesday afternoon , according to the Colorado Division of Emergency Management . The largest of the fires was the High Park Fire , which began June 9 and has now consumed 87,284 acres , the U.S. Forest Service said . It was 65 % contained Wednesday . The total number of homes burned stood at 257 . An estimated $ 33.1 million has been spent trying to contain the blaze . The brotherhood of Disaster City CNN 's Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	Winds kick up as firefighters tackle hot spots FBI is investigating the cause of the wildfires President Obama calls governor and will visit the state on Friday Colorado 's governor describes the scene as "  surreal "
New Delhi  CNN  An Indian software pioneer and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail for their role in what has been dubbed India 's biggest corporate scandal in memory , police said . Ramalinga Raju , the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services , was also fined $ 804,000 , R.K. Gaur , a spokesman for India 's Central Bureau of Investigation , told CNN . In 2009 , Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $ 1.6 billion fraud case after its then-chairman Raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash . Investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company 's book manipulation were much higher . A special court convicted Raju and nine other people of cheating , criminal conspiracy , breach of public trust and other charges , said the Central Bureau of Investigation , which looked into the case . In the media , the case has been compared to the 2001 Enron Corp. scandal , in which a Houston energy company 's earnings had been overstated by several hundred million dollars . When the scam made headlines , Satyam , which means "  truth " in Sanskrit , was India 's fourth-largest software services provider . It was serving almost 700 companies , including 185 Fortune 500 companies , and generated more than half of its revenue from the United States . The company had about 53,000 employees and operated in 65 countries . After Raju 's shock disclosures six years ago , the Indian government fired Satyam 's board . In a subsequent state-backed auction , the company was bought by Tech Mahindra , part of the country 's Mahindra Group . A heavyweight of the nation 's software industry , Raju , 60 , has been in jail for the past 32 months . He had founded Satyam in 1987 . His company made giant strides as the outsourcing business grew in India in the 1990s .	Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $ 1.6 billion fraud case in 2009 The software services exporter 's chairman , Ramalinga Raju , admitted inflating profits Satyam had been India 's fourth-largest software services provider
CNN  -- At least this time , it wo n't be a surprise . Chatter heated up over the weekend that Beyonce will be dropping another secret album , and Amazon just gave fans even more reason to be hopeful . According to a product page on Amazon UK , "  Beyonce Vol . 2 , " a four-disc import , will be released on November 24 . Rumors started after a picture of a track list featuring collaborations with Rihanna , Justin Timberlake and Nicki Minaj circulated online , but while that may not exactly be credible , it is clear Queen B is planning something . In December , the superstar shocked and delighted fans with a straight-to-iTunes album that quickly went to the top of the charts . Whether the November surprise is a new album or an updated reissue of "  Beyonce " remains to be seen .	NEW : Amazon UK lists the release on its website In December , Beyonce shocked fans with a secret album It 's listed as part of a 4-disc package
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities believe assassins targeted a pregnant woman and two other people connected with a U.S. consulate who were killed in drive-by shootings over the weekend , Ciudad Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said Monday . The killings were carried out by a local gang , known as Los Aztecas , that is allied with the Juarez Cartel , Reyes told CNN . No arrests had been made by Monday afternoon . "  We know that the U.S. citizens were targeted , " Reyes told CNN , saying a police officer saw gunfire from a car directed at the Americans ' car . "  We know they were chasing them . We know they wanted to kill them . " Two of the victims were a four-months-pregnant employee of the consulate in Juarez and her U.S. citizen husband who was a jailer in nearby El Paso , Texas , U.S. and Mexican officials said . The couple 's 10-month-old child , who was in the vehicle , was not injured , Reyes and other officials said . The child has been turned over to U.S. consular officials , Reyes said . The couple lived in El Paso , the State Department said . The third victim , found dead in a separate vehicle , was identified as the husband of a Mexican employee of the consulate . His wife was not traveling with him , but two of their children in the car were wounded , officials said . All the victims had left a birthday party at the consulate Saturday before they were attacked , Reyes and State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday . The slain couple , Arthur Redelfs , 34 , and Lesley Ann Enriquez , 35 , were on their way home to El Paso , Crowley said . Redelfs was a 10-year veteran of the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office , according to Jesse Tovar , a spokesman for the department . Reyes said the attackers may have been confused because both groups of victims were traveling in similar-looking vehicles . Redelfs and his wife were in a white late-model Toyota RAV4 SUV . The third victim , Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , was driving a late-model white Honda Pilot , the mayor said . Salcido , 37 , was a state police officer who was married to a Mexican employee at the U.S. consulate , Reyes said . His two children , ages 4 and 7 , were wounded and transported to a hospital , the attorney general 's office said . Salcido 's wife was traveling in another vehicle , which was not attacked , Reyes said . In Washington , President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed their anger . "  The president is deeply saddened and outraged by the news of the brutal murders of three people associated with the United States Consulate General in Ciudad Juarez , " National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer said in a statement Sunday . "  He extends his condolences to the families and condemns these attacks on consular and diplomatic personnel serving at our foreign missions . In concert with Mexican authorities , we will work tirelessly to bring their killers to justice . " Clinton said the "  safety and security of our personnel and their families in Mexico and at posts around the world is always our highest priority . " "  I have spoken with our ambassador in Mexico , and we are working with the government of Mexico to do everything necessary to protect our people and to ensure that the perpetrators of these horrendous acts are brought to justice , " she said . In response to the shootings , the U.S. State Department authorized the temporary relocation of employees ' families working in border-area consulates . "  These appalling assaults on members of our own State Department family are , sadly , part of a growing tragedy besetting many communities in Mexico , " Clinton said in a statement Sunday night . "  They underscore the imperative of our continued commitment to work closely with the Government of -LSB- Mexican -RSB- President -LSB- Felipe -RSB- Calderon to cripple the influence of trafficking organizations at work in Mexico . " The families of employees at U.S. consulates in Tijuana , Nogales , Ciudad Juarez , Nuevo Laredo , Monterrey and Matamoros are allowed to leave for 30 days "  in response to an increase in violence along the Mexican side of its border with the U.S. , " State Department spokesman Fred Lash told CNN . The authorization can be renewed after 30 days , depending on a review , Lash said , adding that this was not a mandatory evacuation . The announcement was part of a warning to U.S. citizens regarding travel to Mexico . The warning urges U.S. citizens to delay nonessential travel to parts of the states of Durango , Coahuila and Chihuahua , where Juarez is located , because of "  recent violent attacks . " U.S. government employees are restricted from traveling to all or parts of these three states . Attacks include the kidnapping and killing of two resident U.S. citizens in Chihuahua , the warning states . "  Some recent confrontations between Mexican authorities and drug cartel members have resembled small-unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades , " the warning says . "  During some of these incidents , U.S. citizens have been trapped and temporarily prevented from leaving the area . " Reyes , who received a death threat last week , said the shootings highlight a problem shared by both countries along their 2,000-mile border . "  It is not just a Mexican problem -- it 's is a U.S.-Mexico problem , " Reyes said . "  I 'm very glad that the U.S. has taken that position . " He said that he supported the State Department 's authorization to consular families and that "  it is important they feel safe . " Mexico said Sunday that it was committed to protecting all people , citizens and visitors alike , diplomats or not . "  The Mexican government deeply laments the killings of three people linked to the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez , " Mexico 's foreign ministry said in a statement . "  The Mexican authorities are working with determination to clear up the facts surrounding the crime scene and put those responsible before the law . " Juarez is one of the front lines in Mexico 's war against the drug cartels that operate in its territory . More than 2,600 people were killed in Juarez in 2009 . The city has become a focal point of Calderon 's anti-drug efforts after the January 31 killings of 15 people there , most of whom were students with no ties to organized crime . The incident sparked outrage across Mexico . But the violence is not restricted to Juarez . In the western state of Guerrero , at least 25 people were killed Saturday , state officials said . The bodies of 14 people , including nine civilians and five police officers , were found in various parts of the resort city of Acapulco , the official Notimex news agency reported , citing Guerrero Public Security Secretary Juan Heriberto Salinas . In the small city of Ajuchitlan del Progreso , 10 civilians and one soldier were killed in two shootouts that started when federal officials tried to execute search warrants at two locations , Salinas said . Police in the state were on a heightened security alert , he said . The government has not released official figures , but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009 . Calderon said last year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008 . Unofficial tallies this year say more than 16,000 people have been killed since Calderon declared war on the cartels after assuming office in December 2006 . CNN 's Arthur Brice , Mariano Castillo and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Gang connected to drug cartel carried out 3 weekend killings , Ciudad Juarez mayor says Drive-by shootings killed U.S. employee at consulate and 2 others "  We know that the U.S. citizens were targeted , " Reyes told CNN State Department warns Americans of danger of traveling to parts of three Mexican states
CNN  The first day of same-sex marriage turned out to be a mixed bag for Alabama . While many couples converged on courthouses in population centers like Montgomery , Birmingham and Huntsville to exchange vows , other would-be newlyweds -- the majority of them in rural counties -- were turned away . "  It was so joyous to be able to see these couples who had been together for 20 , 30 years to marry and to have their relationship respected , " said Susan Watson , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Alabama . At the same time , she said , it was "  painful to couples who want to get married and who were denied . " It 's unclear exactly how many counties issued marriage licenses to same-sex couples after federal courts ruled they could go forward on Monday . Several counties , including Jefferson , Montgomery and Madison  which have the state 's highest populations of same-sex couples , according to the Williams Institute  told CNN they were issuing licenses , while others said they were following a Sunday order from state Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore telling probate judges not to issue the licenses because the federal courts lacked jurisdiction . Tuscaloosa County chief probate clerk Lisa Whitehead said the county would follow Moore 's guidance and , "  We will be issuing traditional marriage licenses . " Likewise , Lee County Judge Bill English said he , too , was "  complying with an order from the chief justice late last night . " As of late Tuesday , at least 44 counties were not issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples , while 21 were , said Human Rights Campaign spokesman Ianthe Metzger . His group was still trying to get confirmation on two counties . The ACLU 's Alabama office , which set up a hot line , received complaints from about 50 couples , Watson said . It was widely reported that some counties were n't issuing any licenses . Marshall and Shelby counties ' probate offices told CNN they were in that group . Watson 's organization is now working to obtain a federal court order to explain "  to probate judges that they 're required to follow the U.S. Constitution " rather than Moore 's order , she said . A hearing is scheduled for 1 p.m. Thursday in the U.S. District Court for Alabama 's Southern District in Mobile , which , incidentally , is one of the counties that reportedly did not issue the licenses . A call to the Mobile County Probate Court was not returned . Mobile County has the state 's fourth-highest population of same-sex couples , according to the Williams Institute , and the ACLU of Alabama is involved in a lawsuit filed by four same-sex couples who were denied marriage licenses in the county , Watson said . Though Watson believes the federal courts were unequivocal in allowing same-sex marriages to go forward in the state , Moore -- who issued his order in response to a U.S. District Court ruling , prior to a similar ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday -- could n't agree less . In fact , had the Supreme Court ruled on the issue before he sent his order to probate judges , he said he still would have gone through with it . "  The Supreme Court order does n't affect what I said , " he said . Because the original lawsuit -- filed by a woman who , despite being legally married in California , was prohibited from adopting her partner 's 9-year-old -- targets only Attorney General Luther Strange , the high court 's ruling applied only to Strange , Moore said . And since probate courts fall under Moore 's authority as the administrative head of the judicial branch , he said , judges were free to disregard the U.S. Supreme Court ruling , which declined to extend a stay on Alabama 's prohibition of same-sex marriages beyond Monday . A federal district court and appeals court had also declined Strange 's request to extend the stay . Moore denied Jefferson County Probate Judge Alan King 's assertion that Moore 's Sunday order was akin to then-Gov . George Wallace 's 1963 stand in the schoolhouse door to block integration at the University of Alabama . In Alabama , he noted , Amendment 774 , or the Sanctity of Marriage Act , makes it unconstitutional to perform same-sex marriages or civil unions . It passed with 81 % approval in 2006 .  A 2012 poll says that approval for same-sex marriage in the state is 32 % , among the lowest in the country . "  I 'm not standing in any door . I did not bring this on . This was forced upon our state . This is simply federal tyranny , " he said . "  This is not about race . This is about entering into the institution of marriage . " The chief justice , who once lost his post in 2003 for refusing to remove a Ten Commandments monument from a state building in Montgomery , said his decision was not based on his religion . Unlike sexuality , he said , race can not be used to deny someone 's rights . Race is biologically predetermined , where in the case of sexuality , "  people can choose different lifestyles and no doubt they have since Sodom and Gomorrah , " he said , referring to the cities destroyed in the Bible 's Book of Genesis . The U.S. Supreme Court is expected to address the larger issue -- specifically , whether same-sex marriage in four states deserves the protection of the U.S. Constitution -- later this year . While Moore does n't believe the high court has the jurisdiction to redefine the definitions of family and marriage , he concedes that if the justices rule same-sex marriage is constitutionally protected , Alabama judges would have to honor the unions under the U.S. Constitution 's Supremacy Clause . However , "  I will not concur that that is a proper ruling under the Constitution of the United States , " he said , explaining his personal beliefs . Watson and other observers believe the Monday decision by the U.S. Supreme Court is a sign of what 's to come when the high court rules on the larger issue . "  I think that tells us something about what we might expect , " she said . Moore does n't see any writing on the wall . "  I do n't think the ruling is a harbinger , " he said . "  Justices  Elena  Kagan and  Ruth Bader  Ginsburg both have performed same-sex marriages . They should both be recused from this case . When you have a predisposition ... you have no right to sit on the case . They 're flouting the ethical rules that apply to most judges in this country . " CNN 's Devon M. Sayers contributed to this report .	It 's unclear how many counties declined to give licenses to same-sex couples Chief Justice Roy Moore defends telling probate judges to defy "  federal tyranny " ACLU seeks order directing probate judges to honor same-sex marriages
CNN  -- "  Jamaica , we have a bobsled team , " cried the Hollywood film that immortalized an unlikely quartet of Winter Olympians who became the story of the 1988 Games . The novelty of four Jamaicans swapping their tropical Caribbean homeland for the freezing slopes of Canada to become the first team from their country to compete in the bobsleigh was a story that resonated around the world . It also planted a seed in the brain of another Jamaican who , 22 years later , began his quest to ski at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . Now 42 , Michael Williams is hoping he 'll be the next pioneer from the Great Antilles to blaze a trail in sport -- though perhaps not quite to the same extent as the world 's fastest man Usain Bolt . "  I actually watched ` Cool Runnings ' and the bobsleigh team from 1988 and was inspired , " Williams , who refers to himself as "  The Dream Chaser , " told CNN 's Alpine Edge show . "  I just thought it was the coolest thing -- Jamaica in the Winter Olympics and they did well . "  I watched a lot of skiing during those Olympics , Alberto Tomba  Italian who won two golds in Calgary  was the king of the Games and I thought , ` Wow , it 's incredible what these guys can do . ' "  I thought I 'd love to combine the two , represent Jamaica and ski for Jamaica some time in my life . Jamaica is really proud there 's another guy trying to do what the bobsleigh guys did in 1988 . " But it was n't until the 2010 installment of the Games in Vancouver that Williams , who was born and raised by his West Indian mother in Canada , was spurred on to transform his pipe dream into a reality , as another pair of underdogs took on the establishment . Kwame Nkrumah-Acheampong , known as the "  Snow Leopard , " was the first person from Ghana to qualify for the Winter Olympics . He skied in the slalom and made quite an impression with his eccentric outfits . Jamaican Errol Kerr also made an impact , securing ninth place in the skicross event -- the highest finish ever by a Caribbean athlete at the Winter Games . Williams was now a man on a mission . "  I saw a report on CNN with the Snow Leopard who qualified from Ghana for the Winter Olympics in 2010 , " he explained . "  I was on my couch and when I saw that , that just put a click in my head and I said , ` If this guy can do it , I can do it . ' "  I knew we had a Jamaican Ski Federation because I heard about Errol Kerr , but the Snow Leopard really inspired me to get off my butt and call them . " There was just one problem : Williams had no idea how to ski . He drove straight to an indoor ski slope near his home in Frankfurt , Germany , and threw himself at the mercy of its resident coach , who quickly realized the scale of his task . "  I met one of my instructors , Andre , and he took me skiing a couple of times in the indoor hall and said ` You ca n't ski at all , but I like your attitude and I 'll definitely work with you . ' "  I actually picked up the phone and called Errol Kerr 's mum and said , ` Listen , I know your son skis for Jamaica , how did he get in the team ? ' She gave me some tips and the rest is history . " The task facing Williams is a tough one . He needs to bring his points average down to 140 by January 2014 to have a shot at qualifying for Sochi -- it is currently 763 . His best finish this season is 43rd out of 45 finishers at an event in Schladming in Austria back in February . In the actual world championships event the following day he was 63rd , but did not qualify for the final race . Williams has had many obstacles to overcome , not just in sporting terms , but also with the image of him held by the seasoned professionals on the skiing circuit , who offered him a somewhat frosty reception to begin with . "  In the beginning I went to a race , my first race , in a blue ski jacket , black pants , a helmet that was n't regulation , I borrowed the boots from the actual hill where we had the race . I just wanted to try it and I looked like a vacationer going skiing ! " he said . "  These guys were just looking at me at the top of the hill going ` What are you doing here ? ' but I did n't care , I just sort of went about my ways , closed my eyes and air planed down the hill and managed to make it . " Williams has dedicated his life to fulfilling his dream , training for eight hours a day -- four on the slopes and the rest taken up with work on technique and conditioning . His mum beams with pride whenever he competes on the international stage under the Jamaican flag , so what would it be like if he realized his dream and made it to Sochi ? "  It would be incredible , " he said . "  I think the moment you walk into the stadium with all the other athletes and you 're holding up your flag ... to me , it 's incredible . "  I 've played a lot of sports in my life -- I 've played professional American Football , and I know what it 's like to achieve something in sports , but I think the Olympics , summer or winter , is the pinnacle of any sporting achievement . "  I 'd be really proud , it would be awesome . "	Michael Williams aiming to qualify for 2014 Winter Olympics with Jamaica The 42-year-old skier was inspired by Hollywood movie "  Cool Runnings " Tropical island spawns very few people who excel at winter sports Williams has until January 2014 to qualify for the Sochi Games
CNN  -- I 've written quite a bit about medical myths , so I 'm always a bit skeptical about medical "  knowledge . " But one thing I , and I 'm sure many of you , think we understand is obesity . After all , weight issues crop up in media constantly . Just last night , Gov. Chris Christie was joking about donuts and his weight on The Late Show with David Letterman , and the First Lady 's weight is once again a subject of discussion in the Washington Post -- even though by any objective standard she 's in great shape . We know how people gain weight , and we think we know how to lose it . Except a study in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine shows us that 's just not right . Pretty much everything we "  know " about obesity and weight loss is wrong . Let 's start with some things that are true . More than a third of Americans are obese . Many more are overweight . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that obesity-related medical costs were almost $ 150 billion in 2008 , and the cost in health related expensed for an average person who was obese was more than $ 1,400 . This does n't count the physical , mental or quality-of-life toll that obesity can levy on a person . Few of us dispute that we need to do something about this problem . There are plenty of experts  present company included  who will tell you what needs to be done . The sad truth , though , is that lots of that advice  even mine  turns out to be mistaken . I know I 've told people that making small , sustained lifestyle changes is the best way to lose weight over time . But it turns out that making such changes , say by deciding to walk a mile every day for five years , results in far less weight loss than you 'd expect . Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight I 've lectured people about the importance of physical education in schools , and I 've seen countless reports declaring that the decrease in PE nationwide is one of the reasons that more children are obese or overweight today . It turns out that studies do n't show that 's the case . My family loves watching "  The Biggest Loser . " But I 've found myself telling my kids again and again that what 's shown on TV is n't the best way to lose weight . I tell them that slow and steady works better in the long-run than rapid weight loss . I also tell them that setting unrealistic weight goals can actually sabotage your efforts . So imagine my shock to discover that what evidence exists in this new study hints towards ambitious goals being a good thing , and that quicker weight loss is n't less likely to be kept off in the long-term . People will say eating breakfast is a good idea when you 're trying to lose weight , because it will keep you from binging later . But studies show that there 's no protective effect from eating breakfast at all . People will say that eating more fruits and vegetables is a great way to lose weight . But studies show that , on their own , eating more of them without making other behavioral changes does n't result in any weight loss . There 's no magic to fruits and vegetables . Eatocracy : Chefs with Issues : Farm-to-table should still be on the table People will say that snacking in between meals can lead to weight gain . But studies do n't show that to be the case either . In general , people compensate for snacking throughout the rest of the day . In other words , it 's not necessarily bad to snack outside of usual meal times . It 's all enough to cause one to despair . But just because so much of what we believe is wrong does n't mean we still ca n't do something about the issue . Studies do show that you can absolutely overcome genetic and familial factors to lose weight . They show that significant physical activity can help with weight loss , and that it has the added bonus of making you healthier in general . Reducing your caloric intake works overall , especially if it 's done in a way to change your overall eating habits . Getting the whole family involved is important . And finally , for some , bariatric surgery can result in life-changing outcomes . Over the past five years , my wife and I have lost quite a bit of weight . I 'm down somewhere between 15 % to 20 % of my high of more than 200 pounds . My wife lost even more , although I 'm not going to give you any numbers  I like being married  . Now that I look back , if I 'm going to be honest about it , I did it in bursts over a few months here and there , each time gaining back less than I had lost . 7 weight loss myths  sort of  debunked Each time , I had ambitious goals of 15 pounds or more in two to three months , and each time I really restricted my caloric intake . But I 've kept the weight off by radically changing my overall eating habits . My breakfast consists of just coffee , I eat very light lunches , such as salads , and dinner is usually a healthy home-cooked meal with the family . My wife cooks way more than she used to and is obsessed with finding ways to make meals healthier . I avoid fried foods almost entirely , and I ca n't remember the last time I ate in a fast food restaurant . I also get to the gym two to three times each week . I do n't tell you this because I think this is what you should do , or because I think it 's the key to getting thinner . I tell you this because more and more , I think that the journey to sustained weight loss is a very personal and individual path . Perhaps our problem is we 're trying to find a one-size-fits-all solution . I 'm not sure that exists . Lastly , what was left out of this new scientific paper was prevention . The single best way to fight obesity is to avoid it in the first place . That has to start when kids are young , and it 's a lifelong journey . But one thing I doubt will ever be proved false is that it 's much easier not to gain the weight in the first place than to take it off later . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : I thought I knew all about obesity ; a new study challenges that He says obesity a big problem , but weight loss not as simple as fruits , veggies and no snacks Studies do show that overall , vigorous exercise and watching calories help Carroll : Best tool against obesity is not to get there in first place
Last week , the Louisiana legislature passed a bill that could force all but two of the state 's abortion providers to close their doors , which means Louisiana is preparing to join Texas , Alabama , Oklahoma , Louisiana and Mississippi to the list of Southern states on the verge of wiping out access to safe and legal abortion . Laws such as the one now headed to Gov. Bobby Jindal 's desk appear to be part of a national strategy to subject doctors who provide abortion to medically unnecessary restrictions under the guise of improving patient safety despite the fact that abortion is already one of the safest medical procedures in the country . These laws have one real purpose : to make it almost impossible for a woman to get an abortion , no matter what circumstances she may be facing . Three years ago in Texas , there were 62 health centers that provided safe and legal abortion . Come this fall , as a result of harsh abortion restrictions , there could be as few as seven . That 's seven health centers for 5.7 million women of reproductive age in a state roughly the size of France . When Gov. Rick Perry forced these restrictions through the legislature , he proudly announced that his goal was to make abortion "  a thing of the past . " The result ? Texas is now experiencing a public health crisis . In addition to safe and legal abortion , many of these health centers also provided lifesaving preventive care to women with nowhere else to turn . With these restrictions , the United States is poised to become a country in which a woman 's ability to make the private and personal medical decision best for herself and her family will be dependent upon where she happens to live . That 's not supposed to happen in this country , and it can not be what the Supreme Court intended when it established a woman 's right to safe and legal abortion more than 40 years ago . Women in these states will tell you : When it comes to safe and legal abortion , there 's a world of difference between a constitutional right and reality . For women in Montgomery and Birmingham who will have to travel anywhere from 200 to 400 miles round-trip to the nearest abortion provider in the state -- a trip existing law forces many of them to make twice -- and for women in New Orleans , who could find themselves 300 miles from the nearest provider , access to abortion becomes nearly impossible . How many women will be able to can take that much time off of work or afford to travel all day ? They should n't have to . The only effective way to stop these attacks on women 's health is to change who is in office passing these laws . Extreme politicians may not have reached their limit when it comes to grandstanding at the expense of women 's health and safety but we women have already reached ours . It 's a standoff that will continue through November . On the one side : a small group of politicians who want to take us back decades . On the other : doctors and medical experts ; public officials who are champions of women 's health ; the majority of voters ; and most of all , thousands of women , men , and young people across the country who are willing to fight tooth and nail to stop that from happening . In Missouri last week , volunteers of all ages from every part of the state braved rain to speak out for 72 hours straight against a harsh bill in the state Senate that would triple the waiting period for an abortion . Last summer in Texas , I met a whole new generation of activists who came back to the Capitol day after day to make their voices heard in support of access to abortion and who have kept on speaking long after new abortion restrictions were signed into law . And in New Orleans , clergy and business leaders have proudly stood with Planned Parenthood in support of women 's health care . Even in the toughest states -- especially in the toughest states -- women and men have come roaring back . Politicians who are attacking women 's health are on the wrong side of this issue . And women are not only watching , they 're voting .	Cecile Richards : Louisiana latest state in South to pass bill limiting where women can get abortion She says laws an anti-abortion strategy ; require docs to have admitting privileges at hospitals Richards : Roe v. Wade justices did n't envision women traveling hundreds of miles for abortion Richards : Women wo n't stand for this . Politicians on the wrong side of this issue will be ousted
More than a dozen cases of Enterovirus D68 have been confirmed in New York state , according to officials . "  EV-D68 is causing cases of severe respiratory illness ... sometimes resulting in hospitalization , especially among children with asthma , " the NYS Department of Health said in a statement Friday . Enteroviruses are quite common in September ; the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates 10 to 15 million people are infected by these viruses each year . But doctors believe this particular type of enterovirus , Enterovirus D68 , is causing more serious problems than others have in years past . As of September 11 , more than 80 cases in six other states -- Colorado , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky and Missouri -- have been confirmed to be EV-D68 , according to the CDC . New York is the first state in the Northeast with confirmed cases . On Thursday , media reports of kids flooding ERs in Alabama and Washington state spoke to the spread of the virus . Other states , including Michigan , Georgia , Ohio , Oklahoma , and Utah , are also investigating clusters of respiratory illnesses . Several have sent samples to the CDC for testing . New York sent additional samples from patients with severe respiratory illness to the CDC for confirmation of Enterovirus D68 . The virus is hard to track , as so many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms , and hospitals generally do not test for specific types . Enteroviruses usually present like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But if your child appears to be having trouble breathing , take him or her to a doctor right away . "  It is important that we follow common sense rules to prevent the spread of this virus , as we do for flu and other contagious illnesses , " said New York acting State Health Commissioner Dr. Howard Zucker . "  Because there is no specific treatment or vaccination against this virus , our best defense is to prevent it by practicing proper hygiene . " What parents should know	New York State Department of Health confirms cases of Enterovirus D68 Enterovirus D68 seems to be causing breathing problems for children with asthma Colorado , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky and Missouri also have confirmed cases
MAMONI VALLEY PRESERVE , Panama  CNN  -- A famed primatologist says the plight of chimpanzees helped inspire Michael Jackson to write the song "  Heal the World . " Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees , said Jane Goodall : "  They made him smile . " But the theme and the lyrics of the song turned out to be about a better world for humanity . "  He wrote what he told me he thought was his most powerful song ever , but it did n't end up for animals , " Jane Goodall said in a CNN interview Thursday night . Goodall spoke exclusively to CNN in a Panamanian rain forest where she is exploring a partnership on behalf of Roots & Shoots , her global youth education program . The interview comes as a new version of the song , first released on Jackson 's 1991 "  Dangerous " album , is being recorded by a collection of artists for release in late October . Goodall became friends with Jackson about 20 years ago when he invited her to his Neverland Ranch , where "  he talked about his dreams for the place to have animals running , looking free like they would in the wild . ... It was just a very charming day , very low key , nobody else was there , " she said . Goodall , famous for her 50 years of groundbreaking research on chimpanzees in Africa , said Jackson invited her because "  he loved what I did . " "  He loved chimpanzees , " she said . "  He loved to watch them feeding . He liked their faces . They made him smile . " Years later , she met Jackson 's chimp , Bubbles , and has visited him at his retirement refuge in Florida , she said . "  He 's extremely handsome , " she said . "  He 's a beautiful , beautiful chimp . So , he was rescued in time from this life of being inappropriately dressed up and carted around like a little symbol . " Goodall , whose life has been spent understanding chimpanzees , said she found Jackson to be "  a sad person . " "  In some ways , he was like a child , and a very sweet and gentle child , and he wanted me to tell him many , many stories , " she said . "  Stories about the chimpanzees , the forests , animals , anything . He told me he liked the way I told stories . " Goodall , who travels the world to promote protection of endangered chimps , said she had hoped Jackson would help get her message out . "  I said to him , ` You know , Michael , if you want to help , you could do a concert and give us a percentage . Or much better , write a song , ' " she said . Jackson asked her for tapes of animals in distress because "  he wanted to be angry and cry " as he wrote the song , which became "  Heal the World , " she said . The original CD cover notes credited Goodall for inspiring the song , she said . But , she added , the Jane Goodall Institute never saw any money from the song . Jackson later created the "  Heal the World Foundation , " which he funded with a series of concerts . The group delivered millions of dollars of relief to children around the world .	Jane Goodall says Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees Jackson wrote "  Heal the World " to call attention to chimpanzees ' problems Song became a call to peace for humanity Goodall said she found Jackson to be a "  sad person "
CNN  -- Ten U.S. Muslim organizations threatened this week to cease working with the FBI , citing "  McCarthy-era tactics " by the agency , including efforts to covertly infiltrate California mosques . Stephen Tidwell , then of the FBI 's Los Angeles office , speaks at the Islamic Center of Irvine in 2006 . The groups claim the FBI has sent undercover agents posing as worshippers into mosques , pressured Muslims to become informants , labeled civil rights advocates as criminals and spread misinformation . The FBI declined to comment on specific allegations but called the proposed move unproductive . "  Limiting honest dialogue , especially when complex issues are on the table , is generally not an effective advocacy strategy , " spokesman John Miller said in a statement . "  The FBI has continued our outreach efforts , across the board , with a number of concerned groups and where we agree -- or disagree -- most have concluded the best results are achieved through continued conversation . We believe that , too . " The group 's statement , dated Tuesday , said several incidents of the FBI "  targeting Muslim Americans lead us to consider suspending ongoing outreach efforts . " The statement was issued by the American Muslim Taskforce on Civil Rights and Elections , whose director , Agha Saeed , could n't immediately comment because of a family emergency . The FBI has sent "  agents provocateur " into California mosques , according to the statement , which says an FBI agent threatened to make one mosque member 's life a "  living hell " if he did not become an informant . Though the statement does not name the mosque member , the Council on American-Islamic Relations said last month it would seek an investigation into the February 21 arrest of Ahmadullah Niazi , an Afghanistan native . "  Mr. Niazi previously reported to -LSB- CAIR 's Los Angeles office -RSB- and other community members that , during a raid of a friend 's house , an FBI agent urged Mr. Niazi to work with the agency , saying that if he refused to cooperate his life would be made a ` living hell , ' " a news release said . Niazi , a member of the Islamic Center of Irvine , told CAIR his arrest was retaliation for his refusal , the release said . The FBI directed questions about Niazi 's arrest to the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles , California , which declined comment . Niazi , 34 , was indicted last month on charges of perjury , procuring naturalization unlawfully , using a passport procured by fraud and making false statements . A search warrant for Niazi 's Tustin , California , home said Niazi became a naturalized citizen in 2004 and made false statements about his past aliases and international travel . He also made false statements about contact with his brother-in-law Amin ul-Haq , the indictment said . Ul-Haq is said to be Osama bin Laden 's security coordinator and has been labeled a "  specially designated global terrorist " by the U.S. government , the indictment said . An FBI agent said in open court that Niazi also had discussed terrorist plots with an undercover informant , according to media reports . Niazi has pleaded not guilty to the charges against him . CAIR 's problems with the FBI began before Niazi 's arrest . Last year , the FBI discontinued its "  formal contact " with CAIR . The Tuesday statement said the FBI unjustly designated CAIR and other organizations as "  unindicted co-conspirators " in the Holy Land Foundation case . A jury convicted Holy Land Foundation leaders last year of conspiring to support terrorism and launder money for a terrorist group . "  Making this unjust designation public violates the Justice Department 's own guidelines and wrongly implies that those listed are somehow involved in criminal activity , " the statement said . The FBI 's Miller declined to comment on specifics , but said the FBI wants to avoid "  formally constructed partnerships " with CAIR . "  Our concerns relate to a number of distinct narrow issues specific to CAIR and its national leadership , " Miller said . Before the FBI severed formal ties , CAIR officials had met with the FBI to discuss hate crimes targeting Muslims . On occasion , CAIR offered assistance in investigations . The group also held training sessions for FBI agents on Islamic culture and ways to improve interactions with the Muslim community . CAIR this week called the FBI allegations a "  campaign of smears and misinformation , " a remnant of the Bush administration . "  It is not surprising that we would be targeted in a purely political move by those in the previous administration who sought to prevent us from defending the civil rights of American Muslims , " said a statement from the group 's national communications director , Ibrahim Hooper . Tuesday 's group statement also mentioned "  a flourishing of anti-Muslim activity " during the previous administration and expressed fear that "  counterintelligence programs are quelling lawful dissent . " Unless the FBI affords fair treatment to all mosques , Muslims and Muslim groups , the statement said , Muslims should consider suspending ties to the agency . "  This possible suspension , of course , would in no way affect our unshakable duty to report crimes or threats of violence to our nation , " it said .	Ten Muslim groups say they may suspend ties with FBI FBI : "  Limiting honest dialogue ... is generally not an effective advocacy strategy " Group wants probe into arrest of Afghan man whom FBI accuses of terrorist ties Statement expresses fear that FBI "  programs are quelling lawful dissent "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Ariel Binns is cute , smart , outgoing and looks remarkably like first daughter Sasha Obama . Young model Ariel Binns , right , resembles Sasha Obama . The similarity has not gone unnoticed by the fashion industry . Harper 's Bazaar magazine cast the 6-year-old Brooklyn , New York , first-grader with model Tyra Banks in a photo spread showing an African-American family in the White House . Binns , a child model , was peering out from under a big wooden desk in an image reminiscent of John F. Kennedy 's time in office . When it comes to fashion there 's nothing like a powerful brand to boost sales , especially if that brand is a dynamic first family . "  Marketers are finally waking up to it -- you know -- black is beautiful , " says global branding expert David Rogers who predicts African-American models will play a more prominent role in fashion photography as a direct result of the Obamas . "  It 's just going to become part of the fabric of the fashion imagery of pop culture , which is a great thing , " says Rogers . Watch young first daughter look-alike model " At Wilhelmina Kids , a modeling agency in New York for kids and teens , agents say there is increased demand for first daughter look-alikes . "  It 's a trend because , what little girl does n't want to emulate the first kids ? " said Marlene Wallach , president of Wilhelmina , which represents Binns . Unlike the Bush twins or Chelsea Clinton , global branding experts say the appeal of the Obama girls is unique -- and infinitely marketable . After the first kids appeared in their J.Crew outfits on Inauguration Day , the company 's Web site got so many hits , it crashed . "  The most visible , most exciting family in America is this beautiful black family and so people are ready and looking for those kinds of images , " says branding expert David Rogers , adding that a lot of Americans want to identify and , "  find some sort of connection with this family . " There is a downside . The Obamas were not happy when toy manufacturer Ty Inc. came out with African-American dolls named Sweet Sasha and Marvelous Malia even though the company said the dolls did not look like the Obama girls . First lady Michelle Obama 's office said it was "  inappropriate to use young private citizens for marketing purposes . " New York clinical psychologist Judy Kuriansky says many famous families face similar problems . "  I can certainly understand Michelle Obama being protective of her children . Many celebrities in Hollywood feel that way too . They do n't want their children exposed to the public , because once the child is exposed to the public image , not only are they owned , but they could be used in many different ways and it takes away from the child growing up as a normal , average child . " Still , some say the celebrity of Sasha and Malia has a positive effect by presenting a positive and prominent image of young African-American girls . Asked whether she believes the Obama girls will open up possibilities for her own child , Ariel Binns ' mom Dawn Crooks says , "  I think it will . I hope it does . " As for the overall effect , branding expert Rogers says he believes using look-alikes will take diversity to a whole new level .	One young model is getting jobs because she looks like an Obama daughter Expert : "  Marketers are finally waking up to it -- you know -- black is beautiful " J.Crew 's Web site crashed after Obama girls wore the brand on Inauguration Day
CNN  -- A Lebanese man charged with sorcery and sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia is scheduled to be beheaded on Friday , the man 's lawyer said Wednesday . May El Khansa , the attorney for Ali Hussain Sibat , told CNN that she and Sibat 's family were informed about the upcoming execution . She said she heard from a source in Saudi Arabia with knowledge of the case and the proceedings that Saudi authorities "  will carry out the execution . " The Saudi Ministry of Justice could not immediately be reached for comment on the matter . El Khansa said she has appealed to Lebanon 's prime minister , Saad Hariri , and president , Michel Suleiman , to stop the execution . Amnesty International , the human rights group , has called on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to block it as well . TV presenter gets death sentence for ` sorcery ' Sibat is the former host of a popular call-in show that aired on Beirut-based satellite TV channel "  Sheherazade . " According to his lawyer , Sibat would predict the future on his show and give out advice to his audience . El Khansa told CNN her client was arrested by Saudi Arabia 's religious police  known as the Mutawa'een  and charged with sorcery while visiting the country in May 2008 . Sibat was in Saudi Arabia to perform the Islamic religious pilgrimage known as Umra . Sibat was then put on trial , and in November 2009 , a court in the Saudi city of Medina found him guilty and sentenced him to death . According to El Khansa , Sibat appealed the verdict . The case was taken up by the Court of Appeal in the Saudi city of Mecca on the grounds that the initial verdict was "  premature . " El Khansa tells CNN that the Mecca appeals court then sent the case back to the original court for reconsideration , stipulating that all charges made against Sibat needed to be verified and that he should be given a chance to repent . On March 10 , judges in Medina upheld their initial verdict , meaning Sibat is once again sentenced to be executed . "  The Medina court refused the sentence of the appeals court , " said El Khansa , adding her client will appeal the verdict once more .	Ali Hussain Sibat faces execution by beheading on Friday Convicted of ` sorcery ' after claiming to predict future on TV show Sibat arrested , tried and sentenced during pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia Sibat expected to lodge another appeal against the ruling
CNN  -- Amid conservative opposition , a bill that would designate a day of "  significance " in California for slain gay politician Harvey Milk is heading to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's desk . Harvey Milk was California 's first openly gay elected official . He was assassinated in 1978 . The legislation would denote May 22 -- Milk 's birthday -- as a day of significance across the state . The governor 's office said Tuesday it had received more than 100,000 constituent phone calls about the bill , although it was not immediately clear if most were in favor of it or opposed . The governor 's office said Schwarzenegger has not taken a position on it yet . Milk , the state 's first openly gay elected official , served briefly as San Francisco 's supervisor before he and Mayor George Moscone were assassinated in 1978 . Schwarzenegger vetoed a similar bill last year , saying he believed Milk "  should be continued to be recognized at the local level by those who were most impacted by his contributions . " State Sen. Mark Leno , a Democrat who authored the current bill as well as last year 's , said in a written statement that the governor had "  contradicted " his veto message by announcing that the gay rights icon will be inducted into the California Hall of Fame . Milk was a "  unique " historical figure who led a civil rights movement and then was "  assassinated in his public office for being who he was , " Leno said . "  In a perfect world , we 'd have a state holiday for him , like -LSB- the Rev. -RSB- Martin Luther King Jr. or Cesar Chavez , " Leno said in a telephone interview . But the California state finances are in such "  disarray ... we think it 's appropriate in light of our fiscal crisis " to have a special day of significance that wo n't cost the state anything , said Leno , whose district includes portions of San Francisco . That way , he said , Milk is still afforded "  the respect that he 's due . " The day of significance would not close schools or state offices , according to its text . However , Randy Thomasson , the president of SaveCalifornia.com , said the bill was vague and could allow for a number of things at schools , including gay pride parades or "  mock gay weddings . " "  There 's no definition in the bill , " he said . "  There is absolutely no limit to what could occur on campuses and go into little children 's brains . " "  Harvey Milk was a terrible role model for children , " Thomasson said . His organization plans to oppose the bill through automatic phone calls , e-mails , media interviews and news conferences , he added . Leno said that claims that the bill would lead to schools holding gay-pride parades and similar activities were "  hyperbole . " The bill "  mandates nothing , " he said , although it certainly "  affords an educational opportunity . " President Obama also posthumously honored Milk with a Presidential Medal of Freedom this year , and Sean Penn portrayed him in this year 's film "  Milk , " which garnered him an Oscar for best actor . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Bill setting aside day of statewide significance for Milk heading to governor Schwarzenegger 's office receives 100,000 calls over bill on Tuesday Conservatives say vague bill might allow gay pride parades at schools Bill 's sponsor says Milk was "  unique " figure who led a civil rights movement
Hong Kong  CNN  With an unrestricted , panoramic night view of the city 's twinkling skyline and the breezy air right outside the front door , a 15th floor penthouse apartment ticks all the boxes for a million-dollar property in the heart of Hong Kong . But there 's a catch . Fung , 59 , who prefers not to divulge his full name , lives in an illegal rooftop slum -- a 75-square-feet shack just big enough to host a bed , a cupboard , and everyday knick-knacks thrown pell-mell in the dusty room . The rent costs $ 1,700 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 220  a month . Local authorities have been taping eviction notices on his front door for the past month , saying that he has to move out . But with high property prices and hundreds of thousands waiting for public housing in Hong Kong , Fung , has no other places to go . "  I wo n't accept the relocation settlement scheme -- it 's only a few thousand Hong Kong dollars . Where am I going to live ? The rent is a lot cheaper here , " he says as he crumples the latest notice . The authorities offer a relocation settlement for rooftop residents , to Fung -- it is too meager . Most people in his position do n't have a stable income to start again elsewhere . The rooftop slums in Hong Kong expose one of the most bewildering facets of Asia 's self-described "  world city . " Majestic skyscrapers loom over peeling , overcrowded apartment blocks with their unofficial rooftop extensions . Clearing out Constructed on top of buildings since the 1950s and 60s without government approval , these makeshift communities clutter the rooftops in old working-class neighborhoods such as Kowloon . Corrugated metal sheets roughly cover concrete-walled shacks . And they 've provided vital accommodations for low-income people such as migrants from mainland China and Southeast Asia for more than half a century . According to the latest figures from Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department , there were 3,747 rooftop dwellers in 1,588 households in 2011 . This is a dramatic drop from 2001 when more than 16,000 people lived illegally in these sky slums . The decrease marks a trend where tenement buildings -- under constant pressure due to the shortage of land in Hong Kong -- are torn down to pave way for brand new shopping and residential developments . READ MORE : Life inside the densest place on earth : Remembering Kowloon Walled City Limited space Fung lives in one of Hong Kong 's poorest and most densely populated districts , Kwun Tong , where 57,120 people live per square kilometer , according to the Census and Statistics Department . Atop an industrial building that houses textile and publishing companies , Fung and around 40 other residents navigate their way through dark and haphazardly boarded walkways , occasionally lit up by an overhanging light bulb , or the glowing screen of a smartphone . Tangled electric wires that also double as laundry lines , criss-cross from one end of the roof to the other . An open square lies in the middle , scattered with pieces of unwanted furniture , flower boxes and kids ' toys , which strangely bring color and cheer to the crowded space . Fung works mostly in the construction sector and earns around $ 8,000 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,000  a month , barely enough to take care of his 10-year-old daughter and to cover the rent . "  I used to own property in Shenzhen , but I moved back to Hong Kong four years ago so my daughter can have a better education here , " Fung said , as his neighbors trickled out to join the conversation . They have all received the same warning from the government . Some have lived on this rooftop for more than 10 years and see no alternative but to stay . The rooftop dwellers are willing to open the doors to their humble homes but will only talk off the record -- in fear of being resettled to remote satellite towns , where there may be few opportunities and limited social networks . A few buildings away from where Fung lives , Joyce Ngan Chau Yee , who is a student at the University of Hong Kong School of Professional and Continuing Education , says she prefers to live in the rooftop huts . She lives with her single mother and brother in a 236-square-feet flat . "  The space here is a lot bigger than the subdivided flats . It was a little bit uncomfortable at first with all the rats and the cockroaches , but we learn to adapt , " the 21-year-old says . "  The only thing is that it gets really hot during the summer . " The rooftop slums in the neighborhood are unofficially rented out by the building 's top floor owners who want to earn some cash on the side , according to Fung . For Ngan 's mother , she says she has no idea who she 's been paying her rent to for the past three years . "  I just put the money in an envelope that comes every month on time and that is it , " says Sze Suk Pui . Widening wealth gap The housing crunch highlights the widening economic divide for the city of seven million residents . "  The reality is that a part of Hong Kong society 's income is not increasing , while the rich are getting richer , " says economist Richard Wong Yue Chim . Forbes magazine last year registered 45 billionaires in Hong Kong with a combined wealth of US$ 214 billion -- almost 80 % of Hong Kong 's GDP in 2013 . In contrast , there are 400,000 households living under the poverty line , which is set at $ 14,300 Hong Kong dollars  US$ 1,800  for a house of four . A survey published in early 2014 by Demographia International Housing Affordability revealed that Hong Kong 's property market has become the world 's most expensive , with the median housing price reaching $ 4,024,000 Hong Kong dollars , or US$ 519,216 . The hike in property prices signifies a thriving economy in Hong Kong , and construction jobs have been on the rise to meet the housing demand . They provide increasing job opportunities for people like Fung who work in the sector , but their financial struggles suggest that little of the money generated from the construction boom trickles down into their pockets . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's housing at its worst With inflating property prices , and an ever widening income gap , what future lies in store for these rooftop dwellers ? "  Of course I do n't want to live here forever , " says Ngan , pausing to speak during her homework . "  I hope we can move into public housing after living here for seven years , but the wait will be long . " When construction worker Fung was asked about his future plans after his imminent eviction , he just chuckled . "  I 'll think about that when they really come and tear this down . If I can live here for one more day , I 'll continue to stay here . " he says . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's poorest living in ` coffin homes '	Hong Kong 's illegal rooftop slums boast one of the best cityscape views High property prices and widening income gap force residents to live in rooftop slums Government estimates almost 4,000 rooftop dwellers , a drastic drop from 16,000 since 2001
The Frisky  -- Groucho Marx once famously quipped "  I do n't care to belong to a club that would have me as a member . " I sort of feel the same way about online dating sites . There has got to be a better way to meet people . Sadly , mental telepathy does not work . Unless you know what I was just thinking , in which case , e-mail me . We flock to digital artifices that both feed and coddle our egos , says writer of online dating sites . I 've recently begun ... researching popular dating sites . Not because I need a date . No ! I do n't need a date . I 'm up to my ears in hot lady action . No , this research is for you , for all of you . It 's a testament to my generosity of spirit I waded through these interweb love sewers in order to impart some sort of wisdom . Here 's the wisdom : dating sites are terrible . Possibly , if I was in prison , an Alaskan crab fisherman or a morbidly obese shut-in so humongous I had to wash myself with a ShamWow stapled to a broom handle , I could see the value in such sites . But I 'm not isolated , nor confined to a forklift . I do n't need a middleman brokering a get together between the potential woman of my dreams and my own abilities to self-sabotage and humiliate myself . I can do this without an intermediary . The Frisky : Have to go online to get a date ? This might or might not be a totally uninformed opinion . The extent of my research began and ended with me signing up for OK Cupid , and failing to finish my profile . I could n't even bring myself to pick a pseudonym , which just seemed like the first of many lies required to meet anyone . Do I call myself OptimusGandalf and admit from the get-go that I 'm an alpha nerd ? Do I overshare a little too much and pick EdgarAllanEeyore ? Or do I just admit to being a snarky , pretentious creep and go for HumbertHumbert ? The Frisky : Online dating dos and do n'ts I tried to fill out the profile , but instead , it just filled me with a quiet rage . The self-summary section was baffling . It pushed me into an existential identity crisis . Who am I ? Or more importantly , who am I when it comes to who I want someone else to think I am , so they will contact me , go out with me , and eventually kiss me ? Am I a sensitive guy , or a romantic , or sarcastic ? Maybe I 'm all three . I love long walks , going to see live indie bands , and whatever . I made sure to pepper everything with winking non-sequiturs and casual attempts at pop profundity . Then there was the section where I define myself by the books , movies , and music I listen to . My music list was a near impenetrable list of overly eclectic bands that reflect my excellent taste , punctuated by "  and Genesis . " My movies were all '80s flicks , foreign films , and David Lynch . By the time I got to books , and wrote "  Pynchon , " I was in a full-fledged state of self-loathing . The Frisky : Five online dating types to avoid Let me get this straight : I 'm going to spend a ton of time crafting a persona that is a borderline dishonest amplification of the personality traits I think other people will find attractive so I can find someone who 's done the same thing , and we can both go out and discover that we 're equally compatible idiots fakers . It 's like a masquerade party in the Twilight Zone : I take off my Brad Pitt mask just so I can reveal Sloth from "  The Goonies . " The Frisky : Downside of online dating There are , no doubt , many of you who have met the love of your life via online dating sites . Good for you . Congratulations on basically winning the lottery . I firmly believe I have a better chance of getting a girlfriend dressed like Zeus , stopping women on the street , and bellowing , "  Rut with me , mortal beauty , and feel thine mighty , fleshy thunder ! " Not that I want a girlfriend . I just broke up with six the other day . I can deal with the risks of love . The threat of heartbreak is what makes finding that one person who sparks your fuse so precious . But I have to be honest , the online dating thing freaked me out . It touched a nerve , and I 'm flummoxed as to why . The only conclusion I could come up with was that , maybe , we deserved them . Perhaps online dating sites accurately reflect a generation of singles so entitled to instant happiness and acceptance , we flock to digital artifices that both feed and coddle our egos . Virtual environments where we can indiscriminately reject dishonest projections of identity , while simultaneously being insulated from the very rejection we dole out . A play land of false romantic promises and deferred risk . A huge solipsistic waste of time . TM &  2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Writer has trouble filling out his profile for an online dating service He figures if he is borderline dishonest about his traits , his date will be too Thinks he would be better off dressing like Zeus , bellowing on the street at women Says online dating sites draw singles who feel entitled to instant happiness
CNN  -- In the midst of a frantic week in September filled with auditions and deadlines , New York casting director Michael Cassara had zero down time . So one day , when he felt a sore throat coming on , Cassara had his doctor beamed into his office . Michael Cassara was too busy to visit his doctor 's office , so he had his doctor come to him -- virtually . Cassara did n't use lasers ; he used his laptop . Logging into his account at hellohealth.com , Cassara clicked on the link for video chats and made an appointment , and an hour later , Dr. Sean Khozin popped up on his screen . Based on how Cassara was feeling and his propensity to get strep throat , Khozin diagnosed a strep infection , "  and five minutes later I had a prescription phoned in to a nearby pharmacy , " Cassara says . The typical visit to the doctor -- call for an appointment , go to the doctor 's office , wait in the waiting room -- has remained unchanged for a very long time , notes Meredith Abreu Ressi , vice president of research for Manhattan Research , a health care marketing research firm . But she says you should expect that to start to change in 2009 . Watch more on the future of eHealth " "  Because of the Internet , we bank differently than we used to , and we plan our trips differently , and we buy real estate differently , " she says . "  But we still see our doctor the same way our grandparents did . I think we 're about to see big changes in this area . " Ressi says to expect to see more doctors close their traditional practices and open "  telehealth " practices , where they deliver all or part of their services , in one form or another , over the Internet . This means chatting with a doctor online via video , e-mailing your doctor with a question or perhaps going to a Web site where , for a small fee , a doctor will answer your medical questions instantly . Here are five big changes to the classic doctor 's visit to look for in 2009 . The changes are n't necessarily for the better or for the worse , and we 're not recommending you take part in them ; they 're just part of the trend towards more "  eHealth . " 1 . Online house calls Such services are very limited at the moment , but expect to see more as time goes on . Today , Hellohealth offers patients video chats , texting , instant messaging and e-mails between doctors and patients . There 's a $ 35 monthly fee , and each chat , IM session or phone session costs $ 50 to $ 100 . Quick e-mails are free , and longer ones cost $ 150 an hour . Regular in-person office visits cost $ 150 to $ 200 , and house calls cost $ 150 to $ 200 . Here are the two catches : Hellohealth does n't accept insurance , and you can use its service only if you live in certain parts of Brooklyn , New York . It plans to expand to other parts of New York and to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . American Well , another leader in this field , opens its doors January 15 in Hawaii , where patients can communicate online , via phone , text or IM with doctors 24 hours a day at a cost of $ 10 for five minutes for Blue Cross/Blue Shield members and $ 45 for non-members . American Well plans to expand to other areas in 2009 . 2 . Virtual clinics Some Houston , Texas-area residents can visit clinics in various Wal-Marts , where patients speak via videolink to a physician who works in a central office . The doctor can see a patient 's throat and ears via a camera at the end of medical instruments . Emergency medical technicians at the clinics operate the instruments and do hands-on tasks such as taking blood pressure and temperature . A basic office visit costs $ 59 . Last month , I had them do a physical on me . Click here to see the story . 3 . Ask-a-doc Web sites What 's the normal temperature for an infant when taken under the arm ? If you forgot to take your medicine today , should you double up on your dose tomorrow ? If you 've got a quick question , you can try to get an answer from sites that say they have various specialists on hand to give quick answers . Two examples : justanswer.com and askadoctor.com , which charges $ 15.95 for an answer . 4 . Getting your test results online More and more health systems are putting test results online , so patients can have direct access . This also means you can double-check your doctor . For example , Doug Smith , a patient at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , Tennessee , found his own cancer in a CT scan report -- a cancer his doctor had missed . Read his story here . 5 . Twittering doctors You and your friends are n't the only ones using Twitter . Doctors are starting to use the social networking site to get answers on tough cases , says Jane Sarasohn-Kahn , a health economist and blogger at Health Populi . "  When confronted with a strange set of symptoms , some doctors are going on Twitter and asking other doctors , ` Hey , I 've got a conundrum . Can any of you help me out ? ' " As for Cassara , video chatting with his doctor has n't replaced seeing him in person . He still goes into the office and also arranges for house calls . "  There are far more things they can do in the actual room than they can do online , " he says . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer-Bixler and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Expert : We bank , make travel plans and buy houses differently ; medicine is next Ask-a-doc Web sites and virtual clinics are growing in popularity ; so using Twitter Neither eHealth nor telemedicine will replace seeing a doctor in person
CNN  -- Indian cricket star Sachin Tendulkar has been included in his country 's 15-man World Cup squad , despite doubts over the opener 's fitness ahead of next month 's competition . Tendulkar was forced to withdraw from India 's ongoing tour of South Africa on Saturday after straining his right hamstring . The 37-year-old has scored a record 17,629 runs in 444 one-day internationals , but has played just four over the last 12 months in order to focus on Test cricket . However , the world 's leading one-day and Test batsman was named in the squad for the February 19 to April 2 tournament , which is to be jointly hosted by India , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka . Cook not hopeful of England World Cup place The south east Asian nation 's one-day side -- currently level with South Africa at one game a piece in the best-of-five match series -- have also been missing batsmen Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir as well as fast bowler Praveen Kumar through injury . "  I am not worried at all about the injuries , these are part of the game , " Krishnamachari Srikkanth , India 's chairman of selectors told reporters in Chennai following the team announcement on Monday . "  I am confident the team will be fully fit when the World Cup starts , " he added . India hold second place behind Australia in the official one-day rankings , ahead of co-hosts Sri Lanka , England and South Africa . Led by captain and wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , India have been drawn with England , the West Indies , Bangladesh , Ireland , the Netherlands and South Africa in group B of cricket 's 10th World Cup . Defending champions Australia head group A with Pakistan , New Zealand , Sri Lanka , Zimbabwe , Canada and Kenya completing the line up for the tournament . Following the round-robin stages , four teams from each group will qualify for the quarterfinals .	Sachin Tendulkar named in India 's squad for upcoming cricket World Cup 37-year-old batsman strained his hamstring on Saturday during country 's tour of South Africa Selectors confident he will be fit for the competition hosted by India , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh Three other injured players have been included in India 's squad for February 19 - April 2 event
The French city of Montpellier witnessed history Wednesday when its mayor officiated the nation 's first same-sex wedding in front of hundreds of guests . Vincent Autin and Bruno Boileau exchanged vows at a ceremony in the southern city , watched by some 500 guests seated on brightly colored chairs . Autin , 40 , is the head of the region 's Lesbian and Gay Pride association , and he says his wedding to Boileau , 30 , marks a big step forward for same-sex equality . "  When French children are born into this world , they are born with the same rights as everyone else -- but from the moment you said you were a homosexual , society deprived you of some of those rights , " Autin told CNN in the couple 's only interview on their wedding day . French couple : Why we tied the knot "  Today the French Republic has given these rights back to us , the ones they had taken away , and it has put an end to an institutional discrimination . " While France has allowed civil partnerships for some years , controversial legislation allowing same-sex couples to marry and adopt was signed into law by President Francois Hollande 10 days ago . Boileau said he and Autin plan to build a family together . "  We want children , we want to pass down values that are important to us , that we hold dear , that are right . And we want grandchildren and great-grandchildren , a real family , " he said . Najat Vallaud-Belkacem , minister of women 's rights and a government spokeswoman , was among those attending the landmark ceremony , reflecting the governing Socialist Party 's support for same-sex marriage . Montpellier 's mayor , Helene Mandroux , also belongs to the party . Protest marches However , the move has prompted fierce opposition from many social conservatives and the Catholic Church , with hundreds of thousands of people joining protest marches in Paris and other cities over recent months . While no official demonstrations were planned , there were concerns protesters would gather in Montpellier on Wednesday . About 200 police officers were mobilized around the city in case of trouble , Montpellier police said . On Sunday , a march against same-sex marriage in Paris attracted big crowds . Police put the turnout at 150,000 , while the organizers estimated that a million people had turned out to fill the Esplanade des Invalides , a central plaza . Opposition lawmakers tried unsuccessfully to have the new law blocked by France 's highest court after it cleared the National Assembly and Senate . Some 200 journalists were accredited to cover the wedding , many from overseas , signaling the global interest in the social landmark represented by the marriage . Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ? Guillaume Bonnet , senior campaign manager in France for the equality group All Out , said he was honored to be a guest at the wedding on what he described as a historic day for his country . "  We have shown that if we all work together anything is possible , " he said . "  Now couples like Vincent and Bruno can create life full of love and family just like any other loving and committed couple . " Internationally divisive France is the ninth country in Europe to allow same-sex marriage . If pending legislation in New Zealand and Uruguay is enacted as expected this year , the worldwide total of countries with legalized same-sex marriage will rise to 14 . Many countries remain split over the issue . A Brazilian court issued a directive this month removing a barrier that had limited same-sex marriage , but no bill has made it through Congress . Legislators in the United Kingdom are also weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . Lawmakers in Australia voted against a bill to legalize same-sex marriage last September . A poll for the advocacy group Australian Marriage Equality indicated that 64 % of those surveyed "  support marriage equality . " In the United States , the question went before the Supreme Court and justices are deliberating over the matter . Twelve U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized same-sex marriages . On the other side , many states have specific laws blocking same-sex couples from legally marrying .	"  We want children , we want to pass down values , " says Bruno Boileau France today gives us back the equal rights we were born with , says Vincent Autin Autin and Boileau are the first same-sex couple to marry in France The law allowing same-sex couples to marry and adopt has proved highly divisive in France
CNN  -- B.J. Novak 's first children 's book tops the New York Times list of best-selling children 's picture books . But here 's the catch : It actually does n't have any pictures . That gimmick , together with Novak 's celebrity status , has helped make "  The Book with No Pictures " a bedtime story favorite for the elementary school set . The 35-year-old actor is best known for writing , directing and producing episodes of the hit show "  The Office . " As the title of his book suggests , "  The Book with No Pictures " lacks illustrations . But it features silly sayings such as "  My only friend in the whole wide world is a hippo named Boo-Boo Butt " and "  My head is made of blueberry pizza , " designed to delight kids . "  The Book with No Pictures " is not Novak 's first foray into fiction . He also published a book of humorous short stories , "  One More Thing : Stories and Other Stories , " in February . He has plans for many more works of literature , which could include a collaboration with a former "  Office " co-star and reported former flame : "  There 's something I 'd like to write with Mindy Kaling , a book of letters back and forth of our arguments , " Novak says . "  Ideas for books , I have a million . " For now , Novak is returning to his roots in standup comedy to promote "  The Book with No Pictures . " His tour is taking him to a range of elementary schools across the country , including his alma mater , Mason Rice , in Newton , Massachusetts . He spoke to CNN about his new book , his future plans and his tour , in which he lets his young fans share the spotlight with him . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : How did you decide to bring kids on stage with you during your tour ? B.J. Novak : The school events are the most exciting to me because generally , they 're assemblies where they bring all the kids , K through 3 , in . They 've never met an author before . And most excitingly , I get to read the book to a super concentrated group of little kids . And it 's like they 're in a comedy club , more than they 're being read a book . There 's something about live comedy , where they 're practically elbowing each other , like "  Did you hear that ? " "  Are you seeing what I 'm seeing ? " It really brings back my standup days to me , except it 's for 5-year-olds . I really do feel like I 'm on a comedy tour . CNN : What made you decide to write a children 's book ? Novak : If you 've ever been a comedian , you have this addiction to laughter . The laughter of children is the most powerful drug of all . If you get hooked on that , you 're really in trouble . While I was waiting for "  One More Thing " to come out , I would hang out with friends who had kids . At one point , my best friend 's son , Bruce , who was 2 years old at the time , toddled up to me , holding a book out . And something in my brain asked : "  What is his dream ? What are the dream words in this book ?? He does n't know what 's in this book unless he 's read it before . He has the power to decide what the adult says . He 's basically a little Harvey Weinstein , producing this experience , and I 'm just the actor for hire . He 's handing me a script . What is his dream script ? Then my mind just went to : His dream would be that I would have to say all these ridiculous things I did n't want to say . He would feel delighted and be in complete control . That was the first notion for the book . Then when I thought : What would the pictures be ? I realized I did n't have any vision for pictures and did n't need pictures . Then the whole vision came together . What if the message and the challenge of the book was : What can you do without pictures ? What can you do with the power of words ? CNN : How long did the process take ? Novak : I had the idea and put it in this notebook I carry around filled with hundreds of ideas . One Saturday , or one day when I did n't really have anything to do but wait , I wrote up the whole thing . And I printed it on full-sized paper . And then I went to a stationery store , and I bought an empty book . I 'm not a designer by trade , but I did my best . I chose the font and the size and the spacing . I glue-sticked the cover page on . And I paper clipped the pages in , enough to make a 2-year-old think that it might be a real book . And I did all this all in one day . And then I took it over to Bruce , and I asked if I could read him this new book . Then I read him the book . He was patient , and he laughed a couple of times , and then he said , ` Now let 's read a book with pictures . ' Then I went through some editing . It was six months on and off of design questions . At first I thought , a book with no pictures , great . No cover question , no title question , no design question . Just put the words out there . But in fact I soon realized when there 's nothing to look at but letters on a page , and you 're trying to make the youngest of kids stare at the page , it 's actually very hard , and you have to be very particular . CNN : Has your standup experience helped with the book tour ? Novak : The standup is everything . I really do feel that this is a tour of elementary schools . A good comic has the philosophy : Funny is funny , and never blame the audience . More than ever , kids are kids : Newton , Massachusetts ; Harlem , New York ; Texas ; Chicago -- I 've never seen crowds react so universally to anything as when they 're 5 , 6 , 7 years old . Whatever age kids become different , it 's later than this age . The later I can delay that , the better . It 's really exciting and wonderful . More than ever , I know exactly where a laugh is going to come , where a cheer is going to come , where a call and response is ; what line to hold a little longer . It 's really stunning how a 5-year-old in one part of the country will be totally the same as kids from a totally different part of the country . And that 's very standup-like .	B.J. Novak makes his children 's book debut with "  The Book with No Pictures " Novak performed on , produced , wrote and directed episodes of "  The Office " "  There 's something I 'd like to write with Mindy Kaling , " he says Novak acted in the films "  Inglourious Basterds " and "  Saving Mr. Banks "
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Chicago police on Wednesday found a handgun near where the body of one of actress Jennifer Hudson 's three slain relatives was discovered this week . An investigator picks up a gun discovered not far from where Jennifer Hudson 's nephew was found slain . Police said they recovered a weapon in an alley within a block of where Hudson 's 7-year-old nephew , Julian King , was found dead in an SUV on Monday morning . Aerial footage of the scene taken by Chicago TV station WLS showed an investigator putting a pistol in a box . A police spokesman said testing was needed to confirm whether the weapon was connected to the Hudson case . Julian 's body was found in an abandoned Chevrolet Suburban on Chicago 's West Side . Police had begun a massive search for him on Friday , the day Hudson 's mother , Darnell Donerson , and brother , Jason Hudson , were found slain in their South Side Chicago home . All three victims died from multiple gunshot wounds , authorities said . The pistol was found by one of 50 police academy recruits who were searching parts of the city for possible evidence in the case , Deputy Chief Nick Roti said . The recruit spotted the weapon in the thick shrubbery of a vacant alley around the corner from where the sport-utility vehicle was found , Roti said . The site where the SUV was found has turned into a makeshift memorial for Julian , Roti said . Stuffed animals and balloons were there Wednesday night . Julian was the son of Jennifer Hudson 's sister , Julia Hudson , who police said found one of the bodies Friday and called police . William Balfour , 27 , who is Julian 's stepfather and Julia Hudson 's estranged husband , was detained Friday for questioning in connection with the slayings , a police representative said . Julian was not with Balfour when he was detained . Balfour was later transferred to state custody for a parole violation . He spent nearly seven years in prison for attempted murder , carjacking and possession of a stolen vehicle and was released in May . Police have so far refused to discuss precisely how he violated parole . Authorities said only that Balfour 's parole violation was of a "  technical " nature , which could range from a curfew violation to missing an appointment with a parole officer . WLS reported that Balfour missed an appointment with his parole agent Friday . The agent phoned Balfour , who told the agent he was baby-sitting , the station said . Balfour violated his parole by possessing a weapon and by failing to attend an anger management class and a substance abuse program , according to WLS . Balfour also was arrested in June on suspicion of drug possession , officials said , but there was not enough evidence to constitute a parole violation . WLS reported that cocaine was found in Balfour 's car . On Tuesday night , Balfour 's mother , Michele Davis-Balfour , told CNN 's Nancy Grace her son had nothing to do with the slayings . "  My son 's alibi was -LSB- he was -RSB- with one of his girlfriends , OK ? " Davis-Balfour said . When Grace asked which girlfriend he was with Friday , the mother said her son was with a woman named Diana on Friday night , and with a woman named Kate on Saturday morning . A Tuesday autopsy report revealed Julian had been shot multiple times , but the Cook County Medical Examiner 's report did not say when the child died and where his wounds were . On Monday , Davis-Balfour spoke about the nature of her son 's relationship with Julia Hudson . On Julia Hudson 's MySpace page Monday afternoon , she wrote : "  Now because I chose to do what was natural to me and love someone , it cost me my beautiful family , my wonderful beautiful loving supporting mother , Darnell , my true blue baby brother , Jason , I love u big baby ... and last but never not least , my only son , Julian . " Davis-Balfour disputed that her son and Julia Hudson had a rocky relationship . Grace asked if the two were "  romantically " involved , and Balfour answered that they were . Julia Hudson and her son were together Thursday night after she invited Balfour to celebrate her birthday by having cake . "  People do n't understand what 's going on . My son loved her . She loved him , " Davis-Balfour said . " ... Regardless to whatever anyone says , my son still loved Julia . " Davis-Balfour expressed anger that her son 's picture has been splashed on media reports since Friday , though reports have been careful to point out that police have not named him as a suspect in the killings . "  You all have put my son 's face on worldwide news like he 's -- like he 's Attila the Hun , " Davis-Balfour said . "  You all are not saying that my son obtained his GED while he was in the correctional facility . You all are not saying that my son took up horticulture while he was there . William is a very smart and intelligent young man . " Watch Davis-Balfour talk about her son " The mother also discussed her son 's criminal past , elaborating on his carjacking and attempted murder charges . "  No , he has never done bodily harm to no one . He has never been the type of kid that you could say was a violent type , " she said . "  My son -- it was still in the man 's car , right ? The man saw my son starting his car . He ran outside , jumped on top of his own vehicle . "  This is why they said vehicle hijacking , because my son jumped -- the man jumped on top of the car while my son was stealing it , right ? He stuck his hand inside the driver 's side and started choking my son . So my son kept driving even more , took the owner of the vehicle on a high-speed ... " Davis-Balfour said . Authorities said they are confident they will soon catch the killer . "  I suspect that we 'll have some evidence that will link us to the killer , " Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said Tuesday . Police are collecting evidence from the SUV and reviewing surveillance tapes from all over the city as the investigation continues , Weis told reporters . "  There 's a lot of work to be done . We 'll be sure we go through this thoroughly , " Weis said . Asked about possible motives , Weis replied , "  We do n't know what the motive really was at this time . But , clearly , you have people who do know each other , so it was n't a case of a stranger-type homicide . " CNN 's Susan Roesgen contributed to this report	NEW : Police : Testing needed to see if weapon is linked to slayings NEW : Gun found within block of where 7-year-old 's body discovered Actress Jennifer Hudson 's nephew , mother , brother killed Child 's stepfather was detained for questioning in relation to the killings
London  CNN  -- When LEGO released a set of figures collectively called the Research Institute -- featuring a scientist , astronomer and a palaeontologist -- it sold out worldwide within a few days . Why the fuss about a few tiny plastic people ? Because they are all female professionals . Previously , LEGO fans could only create professional females by building them out of existing parts . The only female figures supplied by LEGO fed into traditional stereotypes : Women hanging around the house , going to the beach or playing with pets . But then in January seven year old Charlotte Benjamin penned a letter that went viral , criticizing the company for the lack of professional female LEGO figures . "  All the girls did was sit at home , go to the beach , and shop , and they had no jobs but the boys went on adventures , worked , saved people , and had jobs , even swam with sharks , " she wrote . This month , Charlotte got her researchers -- although LEGO said it was already developing the new female figures at the time of the letter . Scientist Ellen Koojiman first submitted the idea for all-female LEGO set to the company 's website on 2012 . She managed to get 10,000 supporters for her proposal , which was eventually turned into the new product by LEGO . "  As a female scientist I had noticed two things about the available LEGO sets : a skewed male/female minifigure ratio and a rather stereotypical representation of the available female figures , " she wrote in the pitch . LEGO is now the world 's top toy maker , after overtaking Mattel , the maker of Barbie . Its chief executive , Jorgen Vig Knudstorp , told CNN the company wants to expand in Asia and was eyeing markets such as China . "  The idea of the LEGO brand resonates really well with the Chinese consumers , " Knudstorp said . "  They are highly focused on creativity , learning , education , and at the same time recognize that learning trough play is a unique way of learning , which is in many ways much more powerful , " he added . LEGO has targeted the female market before , with its LEGO Friends set designed for young girls released in December 2011 . The set , which revolved around close friends and featured a bakery , pet salon and juice bar , was criticized for pandering to gender stereotypes . Read more : Can ` The LEGO Movie ' really be THAT good ?	LEGO 's new set of figures called Research Institute sold out worldwide within a few days It features female scientist , an astronomer and a palaeontologist complete with a dinosaur Previous sets targeted at girls lacked professional female characters
Washington  CNN  Early Clinton campaign calculations , the favored way for one of her opponents to channel his concerns , a GOP ticket for the generations , and Republican calendar concerns filled our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . 1 . Watch the volume as O'Malley uses YouTube to test Clinton pokes Slowly but clearly , former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton . How aggressive will he get ? Stay tuned -- literally . CNN 's Jeff Zeleny says O'Malley enjoys using YouTube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion -- and question moves by Clinton , like her reversal on the question of whether she supports allowing undocumented workers to obtain driver 's licenses . "  Every time Hillary Clinton sort of adjusts her positioning from '08 to '16 -- her statement on the drivers ' licenses that we discussed and other things -- Martin O'Malley has been releasing a YouTube video showing a speech where he has done something different , so watch for that to continue , " said Zeleny . "  Those YouTube videos on his channel will be a key part of the race -- the liberals love them . " 2 . The "  Obama Factor " : Clinton finds a lot to love , and some distance Hillary Clinton is a big fan of President Obama 's health care law , but not so much of a booster when it comes to his presidential leadership style . So reports AP 's Lisa Lerer , who was in Iowa this past week for the Clinton campaign rollout , and who analyzes one of the most fascinating balancing acts for the onetime Obama 2008 rival who , of course , went on to serve loyally as his secretary of state . "  She embraced key portions of his legacy -- coming out strong for the health care law , for his push for immigration legislation -- but it was n't all sunshine and light , " said Lerer . "  She also took subtle digs at his leadership style -- she said America was on the wrong track -- I ca n't believe I 'm saying this but at times she sounded almost like a Republican . " 3 . In big policy choice , Clinton signals an important campaign focus In Democratic politics , Kamala is the Harris sister who gets the most national buzz . But Maya Harris is about to play a big role in the question of how Hillary Clinton plots her path to 270 electoral votes . Kamala Harris is the California attorney general and a 2016 Senate candidate , for the seat being vacated by Democrat Barbara Boxer . Maya Harris just signed on for a top policy role in the Clinton campaign -- and CNN 's Nia-Malika Henderson reports it is a hiring with a clear message . "  One clue , I think , is Maya Harris , " said Henderson . "  Her resume is really a liberal 's dream . She has worked at the Center for American Progress , ACLU , she 's also done work on community policing and police reforming , and she also has a very interesting paper that looks at the importance of women of color to the electorate . " "  So I think this hire is going to be really interesting in what it means for the kind of policy initiatives that Hillary Clinton rolls out and the sort of appeals she makes to women of color , who are so crucial to getting the Obama coalition back together again . " 4 . Walker-Rubio ? Rubio-Walker ? A general contrast with some GOP buzz Marco Rubio drew a direct generational contrast with Hillary Clinton when he officially joined the GOP 2106 race , and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker also often talks of his hope Republicans will look for a next-generation leader as their next presidential nominee . In political circles -- meaning among junkies and strategists -- there is constant debate about potential tickets -- at this stage of the process a hypothetical and then some because neither man has been tested on the trail . But Jonathan Martin of The New York Times says his recent travels suggest the talk about a Walker-Rubio pairing is not limited to inside the Beltway chatter . "  They both would offer that kind of generational dynamic in the same way that Clinton and Gore did ... in 1992 , " said Martin . "  But what 's interesting is , in New Hampshire over the weekend , I was there for the big cattle call of all the candidates , for the first time from an actual activist -- not an operative but an activist -- I heard somebody float the idea of a Walker-Rubio race in 2016 . " 5 . Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and then ? Heading into the 2016 cycle , the Republican National Committee used its muscle to make some changes to the presidential nominating process , including fewer sanctioned debates and a primary calendar that was less front-loaded . Now , some big GOP establishment figures are worried the changes could help candidates who make the establishment cringe -- especially Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina keep their traditional slots at the front end of the calendar . Florida is usually the next big contest , but it could be eclipsed by -- sports fans will get this -- what is becoming known as the "  SEC primary . " It is important to note the exact calendar is still a work in progress . But what worries the establishment is the likelihood of a Super Tuesday -- or maybe back-to-back Tuesdays -- in early March that include a number of conservative Southern states : Alabama , Arkansas , Tennessee , Texas , Georgia , maybe Louisiana . The shift is one reason former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee thinks the 2016 environment could be more favorable to him than 2008 . Ditto for Rick Santorum . They did well in the South , but it did n't matter much because John McCain and Mitt Romney , respectively , were well on their way to the nomination by the time those bruises were inflicted . Again , there might yet be more changes . But more and more leading establishment figures are grumbling changes designed with the best of intentions might end up hurting their favorites -- people like Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio -- and helping those with strong evangelical connections -- like Huckabee and Cruz .	O'Malley using YouTube to test out attack lines How Clinton 's new hire could help keep the Obama coalition together Republican concerns about the new 2016 primary calendar
London  CNN  -- For a certain kind of middle-aged male , Friday 's double golden anniversary , marking the premiere of "  Dr. No " and the release of the Beatles ' debut single "  Love Me Do " , offers an unmissable opportunity to wallow in nostalgia . Even from a distance of half a century , there are few totems of popular culture more revered and more marketable than James Bond and the Fab Four . The Beatles embodied the energy and youthful spirit of their era , yet their remarkable creativity , productivity and talent for reinvention means that much of their music still sounds fresh today , while contemporaries such as Gerry and the Pacemakers and the Dave Clark Five remain trapped for ever in the beat scene of the early "  Swinging Sixties . " Never before seen Beatles photos sell for more than  # 350,000 Abbey Road crosswalk named historic landmark Bond too , despite initial industry skepticism -- "  It simply wo n't work in America ...  Sean  Connery will never go over , " one studio representative told producers Cubby Broccoli and Harry Saltzman at the premiere of "  Dr. No " -- was a perfect hero for the age of Cold War paranoia and nuclear brinkmanship , the film 's Caribbean setting even mirroring the unfolding Cuban missile crisis . Yet under Broccoli 's long stewardship , Bond remained a figure capable of reflecting our contemporary obsessions -- whereas a jet pack-wearing Connery once propelled himself across the screens of the space age , now Daniel Craig 's taut , humorless 007 is more likely to be equipped with the latest smartphone gadgets . Some , preposterously , have even claimed the existence of the Beatles as evidence of a divine hand at work . Commenting last week on the announcement that the band 's albums would be re-released later this year on "  audiophile quality vinyl " , music producer Rick Rubin said of the band 's prolific output : "  Truthfully , I think of it as proof of God , because it 's beyond man 's ability . " Predictably , both anniversaries are accompanied by a welter of other rehashed and recycled material cashing in on the occasion . Beatles completists not content with the band 's already expansive canon of literature can now look forward to an anthology of John Lennon 's letters and several exhaustive new reference books . Meanwhile , the "  Let It Be " musical has just opened in London and a remastered DVD edition of "  Magical Mystery Tour " is set to go on sale , accompanied by a serious-minded BBC documentary on the making of the critically derided comic caper that can easily be summed up in five letters : drugs . Bond 's back catalogue also gets a 50th birthday facelift with the re-packaging of the 22 films as a Blu-Ray box set - though one wonders , even among hardcore fans of the series , whether there is much appetite for the sight of Roger Moore creaking and wheezing his way through "  A View to a Kill " in high-definition clarity -- a role for which even the eyebrow-raising Englishman admits he was "  400 years too old " by 1985 . Designing 007 : Exhibition marks 50 years of James Bond James bond car sells for $ 4 million None of these products are presumably aimed at a generation that can actually remember Connery or the Beatles in their heydays . The least likely upgraders to Blu-Ray would seem to be those old enough to have seen "  Dr. No " in a cinema , just as the "  Beatles : Rock Band " console game is unlikely to have held much appeal among those who first encountered the band -- then the UK 's eighth most popular "  small group , " according to a poll at the time -- supporting Helen Shapiro in early 1963 . Instead , they are targeted at what could be described as "  Mojo Man , " intended to prod once again the Pavlovian reflexes of compulsive consumer-collectors who , in an era when the concept of music and movies as something that we own in physical form looks increasingly redundant , remain one of the ailing entertainment industry 's more dependable customers . Though not quite old enough to remember the sixties , Mojo Man grew up in a world in which the popular culture of the decade resonated long after the idealism , social change and upheaval of the era had passed into the history books , and in which the Beatles ' template of guitars , bass and drums and the Bond staples of stunts , super villains and seducible women had laid the foundations for rock music and the modern action movie . Yet the problem with this conservative world view is that nothing subsequent can ever live up to the mythologized past , while other influences on the culture of our own era are belittled and ignored . Modern pop music , after all , arguably owes more to the traditions of hip hop and dance music than to "  Sergeant Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band . " Its enduring influence is demonstrated by an outburst by Noel Gallagher in 2008 , in which the former Oasis star , born in 1967 , listed the top five bands of all time as the Beatles , the Rolling Stones , the Who , the Sex Pistols and the Kinks -- according to deeply reductive criteria that included "  no solo artists , no female artists , no collectives allowed  Public Enemy etc.  . " Such blinkered reverence is at odds with the world in which the Beatles and Bond came to stardom , when the spending power of neophyte teenagers dominated pop culture and a song or movie could be top of the pops or a box office hit one week and gone the next . No one involved in the creation of "  Love Me Do " or "  Dr. No " would have expected that either would be anything more than quick money spinners -- a throwaway two-minute pop song and a low-budget adaptation of a cheap paperback attempting to cash in on the Cold War appetite for espionage thrillers . In their own words : Journalists who covered Lennon 's murder TIME : Meeting the Beatles John Lennon and George Harrison quickly became deeply disillusioned with life in the Beatles , while even Paul McCartney , now strip-mining his own back catalogue in stadiums around the world , spent years attempting to step out of the band 's shadow . Similarly , Connery in a 1965 interview with Playboy magazine complained that being typecast as Bond had become "  a bit of a bore . " Yet the Beatles remain the band that we ca n't live and let die , doomed to be recycled as fading photocopies of the original with every incremental improvement in music technology and significant anniversary until one day we can all look forward to high-definition holograms of John , Paul , George and Ringo performing "  All You Need is Love " in our living rooms . Similarly with Bond , while it 's easy to put out new editions of the old classics or to recycle familiar plots in updated settings , can anyone say they genuinely expect "  Skyfall , " the 23rd installment due to be released later this month , to bring anything new to the series ? Fifty years is a long time , even by the standards of the rise and fall of nations , but in the ever changing world  in which we live in  of pop culture both Bond and the Beatles should long ago have been passed over to the custody of historians for safekeeping . With the release of their albums once again on vinyl , the Beatles ' music will have turned full circle , returning via tapes , compact discs , minidiscs and mp3s to the format where it all began . Perhaps that 's an appropriate moment , finally , to let it be . Opinion : James Bond on Her Majesty 's secret service	Friday marks the anniversaries of first Bond film premiere and release of Beatles ' debut single For some this offers an unmissable chance to wallow in nostalgia , says Simon Hooper But Hooper believes we should n't dwell too much on the past Perhaps it 's time to leave the sequels and re-releases behind , he says
CNN  -- Turns out that Bruce Springsteen 's scribblings were worth more than the auctioneers imagined . An anonymous $ 197,000 bid won Thursday 's auction for handwritten lyrics to Springsteen 's 1975 hit song "  Born to Run . " The purchase was part of a "  Fine Books and Manuscripts including Americana " auction at Sotheby 's auction house in New York . The starting bid was $ 40,000 , and Sotheby 's had expected the manuscript , which features 30 lines and marginal notations scrawled in blue ink , to fetch between $ 70,000 and $ 100,000 . "  Born to Run " reached only No. 23 on the Billboard Hot 100 , but it aged well , earning the No. 21 spot on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of all-time greatest songs and being named among the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's 500 songs that shaped the genre . Springsteen explained the song 's birth in a statement issued by Sotheby 's . He wrote the lyrics in his Long Branch , New Jersey , home in early 1974 , after releasing two albums that gave him little commercial success . "  One day I was playing my guitar on the edge of the bed , working on some song ideas , and the words ` born to run ' came to me , " Springsteen said . "  At first I thought it was the name of a movie or something I 'd seen on a car spinning around the circuit . I liked the phrase because it suggested a cinematic drama that I thought would work with the music that I 'd been hearing in my head . " The 1975 track became Springsteen 's first worldwide release . Sotheby 's said that although many of the original lyrics never made it to the recording booth , the chorus was "  nearly perfected " in the handwritten manuscript . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Luisa Navarro contributed to this report .	Sotheby 's auction house had anticipated final bid between $ 70K and $ 100K Springsteen 's ` Born to Run ' notes went to auction Thursday Springsteen said he wrote lyrics in early 1974 ; it became his first worldwide release
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Air crash investigators are trying to work out why a Boeing 777 landed short of the runway at London Heathrow airport , skidding on grass and ripping apart sections of the aircraft . I-Reporter Alex Quinonez took this image of a casualty being taken by medics from Heathrow Airport . An investigator who has been briefed on the incident told CNN the plane 's captain "  is claiming there was n't power when he needed it . " Passenger Paul Venter told the UK Press Association : "  The wheels came out and went for touchdown , and the next moment we just dropped . I could n't tell you how far . " London ambulance services said 17 people suffered minor injuries , and the number could increase as several others are still being assessed . Images showed the Boeing 777 -- BA flight 38 from Beijing , China -- grounded on tarmac after touching down several hundred meters short of the airport 's south runway , close to a perimeter road , with its emergency chutes deployed and white fire-fighting foam covering the engines . The undercarriage , left wing and left engine of the aircraft were severely damaged , as if it had skidded across the ground . At least one of the plane 's wheels had been torn off . The most visible damage was to the left wing , which was covered in mangled metal where it meets the fuselage . Tire tracks hundreds of meters long could be seen in the grass behind the plane , which was surrounded by fire engines and other emergency vehicles . Eyewitness Neil Jones said the plane had made a "  very , very unusual approach " to the airport and sounded louder than usual , PA reported . "  You could see the pilot was desperate , trying to get the plane down . The aircraft hit the grass and there was a lot of dirt . The pilot was struggling to keep the plane straight . I think he did a great job . " Read passenger and eyewitness accounts of the crash landing The BBC said an unidentified Heathrow worker told the broadcaster that he had spoken to the pilot . The pilot said , according to the worker , that the plane 's electronics had failed and that he was forced to glide it to the ground . The UK Air Accident Investigation Branch will lead the inquiry into the crash landing . A team from the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board is also heading to London , accompanied by representatives from Boeing and the Federal Aviation Adminsitration . Jerome Ensinck , a passenger aboard the flight , said there had been no indication that the plane was making an emergency landing . "  There was no indication that we were going to have a bad landing , " he said . "  When we hit the ground it was extremely rough , but I 've had rough landings before and I thought ` This is the roughest I 've had . ' "  Then the emergency exits were opened and we were all told we should go through as quickly as possible , and the moment I was away from the plane I started to realize that the undercarriage was away , and we had missed the runway . "  I feel lucky at the moment , but I think now I realize I 've had a close call . If we had hit the runway , it would have been worse . " In a statement , British Airways said all 136 passengers and 16 crew members had been evacuated from the plane with six minor injuries taken to hospital . BA chief executive Willie Walsh praised the actions of the crew . "  We are very proud of the way our crew safely evacuated all 136 passengers on board , " Walsh said in a statement . "  The captain of the aircraft is one of our most experienced and has been flying with us for nearly 20 years , " he added . Walsh also said that an investigation was being conducted by the Air Accidents Investigation Branch and that it would be inappropriate to speculate about likely causes . Airport authorities said Heathrow 's southern runway had been closed , but the northern runway remained open . But the incident immediately led to major delays for passengers . Some incoming flights were being diverted to other airports on a flight-by-flight basis , according to Heathrow 's Web site . A spokesman for London 's Metropolitan Police said there was nothing to suggest the incident was terror-related . The Boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident . However , the aircraft involved in Thursday 's incident appeared to have had a fortunate escape , having approached Heathrow over heavily-populated west London suburbs before its crash landing . CNN 's Richard Quest , who covers the airline industry , said it appeared the damage happened after the plane touched down . The incident occurred at 12:42 p.m.  7:42 a.m. ET  as British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was due to leave Heathrow for a visit to China and India . His flight was delayed but his jet was not directly involved , PA said .  British Airways has set up helpline numbers for friends and relatives concerned for passengers involved in the incident : From within UK : 08003894193 . From outside UK : +441912113690 E-mail to a friend	Beijing to London jet lands short of runway at Heathrow Airport NEW : Investigator says pilot talked of not having power Passenger : We just dropped . I could n't tell you how far 136 passengers evacuated from plane ; 17 minor injuries reported
CNN  A man who fell from a Royal Caribbean cruise ship off the coast of Cozumel , Mexico , was rescued by a Disney cruise ship after passengers spotted him on the water , Mexican authorities say . "  The man was traveling in the Oasis  of the Seas  . It was early in the morning . He does n't remember how he fell . Fortunately , another cruise , the Disney Magic , saw him , " said Cozumel Port Captain Alfonso Rodrguez . The lucky man , a 22-year-old U.S. citizen , had been in the water for about five hours during last Thursday 's ordeal , Rodriguez said . "  At 7:31 a.m. a passenger aboard Disney Magic reported a man in the water . The passenger had thrown multiple lifesavers in the water to help him , " said Rodriguez . "  They rescued him and gave him medical attention . " The man was taken to a local hospital and was in good condition before he was flown back to the United States , Rodriguez said . "  This man was reborn . Most people that experience that kind of fall break their neck . It 's like hitting concrete , " he said . Rescue caught on camera David Hearn , a Disney Magic passenger , recorded the rescue . In his video , a yellow rescue boat bobs on dark ocean waters , and a man 's head and arms are barely visible above the waves . The man then swims toward the boat and is brought aboard . "  We were in our stateroom . On the speaker system , we heard the crew saying ` Mister M-O-B , starboard side . ' I got dressed and went up to the upper deck , " Hearn said . M-O-B is the code used for "  man overboard . " When Hearn reached the Magic 's upper deck , the ship 's crew had already lowered the lifeboat . "  It was pretty surreal at first . It 's not something you expect when you go on a nice cruise , " Hearn said . "  Our first question was , where did he come from ? We thought it was someone that fell off our ship . " Hearn said he spoke to the passenger credited with spotting the man in the water . "  His daughter had gotten up , and they had a room with a balcony . She wanted to sit out there , and he went with her , " Hearn recalled . "  They heard a noise , and as the ship got closer , they realized it was a man screaming for help . They got on the phone with guest services , and the ship came to a stop . " Safety at sea ? Royal Caribbean closed-circuit TV video showed the man was alone on the Oasis ship Deck 5 when he went overboard at 6:07 a.m. "  There were no other guests or crew around at the time , " said Cynthia Martinez , a Royal Caribbean spokeswoman . CNN 's request for the video was denied . Oasis of the Seas is one of the world 's largest ships , with room for more than 8,000 passengers and crew . It had departed from Port Everglades , Florida , on January 3 , and Cozumel was the last port of call , Martinez said . The ship 's safety features include a minimum safety railing of 42 inches and more than 1,200 security cameras . "  For their  passengers '  safety , we recommend that guests not lean over or climb on any railing , " said Martinez . But Miami-based maritime lawyer Jim Walker says these measures are not enough . Instead , he advocates automatic man overboard detection systems . "  This poor guy was pretty lucky . The real issues is why he fell off the ship and why there is no clear explanation , " Walker said . Automatic man overboard detection technology uses radar and sensors to establish a perimeter around a ship . A mechanism notifies the crew when a person has fallen overboard . One manufacturer of these systems , Mobtronic , boasted a 95 % man overboard detection rate . The Cruise Vessel Safety and Security Act requires large passenger ships to "  integrate technology that can be used for capturing images of passengers or detecting passengers who have fallen overboard , to the extent that such technology is available . " Unlike this incident , Walker said , the problem with most man overboard cases is that the person is never found and the case goes unsolved . "  There are some people who commit suicide , " he said . "  The suicides are easily detected because the person leaves a message or does n't bring any luggage onto the ship , or they sell their homes , et cetera . But there are a whole group of cases that do n't fall on the suicide pattern . There are other cases which we suspect are a result of foul play . " A website that tracks man overboard cases , CruiseJunkie.com , listed 243 cases since 1995 .	Cozumel authorities say the man was at sea for about five hours It 's not known how he fell from the Royal Caribbean ship , Oasis of the Seas Disney Magic cruise passengers heard the man screaming for help
CNN  Imagine putting wings on the White House and getting it to fly around the world . It 's been done . That 's basically Air Force One in a nutshell . Now the Pentagon has announced the next generation of this world-class icon will be a military version of the 747-8 . For nearly 30 years , the current jumbo jet Air Force One has been a customized version of the 747-200B . The newer 747-8 is longer and more efficient than its older brother . Why is a new one necessary ? "  It is time to upgrade , " Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said in a statement Wednesday . The difference between the civilian version and what the President will fly on : the commander in chief gets a plane that 's tricked out with top-of-the-line parts and backup systems . And a lot of technology that 's -- well -- classified . Related : What 's new about the 747-8 ? Let 's remind ourselves why the world is so fascinated with this flying technological marvel . For more than half a century , passengers aboard the U.S. presidential aircraft have been witness to American history . Consider the fact that all these things happened on an Air Force One : -- President Kennedy 's body was flown to Washington for burial . -- Lyndon Johnson was sworn in as president . -- LBJ let a reporter interview him in the plane 's stateroom , while dressed only in a towel . -- The only woman ever to swear-in a U.S. president did so aboard Air Force One . -- President Richard Nixon became the first American president to visit China , where he historically opened the door to U.S.-Chinese relations . -- Air Force One served as President George W. Bush 's command center during the first hours following the 9/11 attacks . One of the main goals for the new plane , the Air Force said , will be affordability . Although the plane is designed to be more fuel efficient than its predecessor a new 747-8 lists for around $ 368 million . Add all the presidential bells and whistles and the sticker price goes north rather quickly . The 747-8 is made in the U.S. , which the Air Forced hinted was a plus . "  The Boeing 747-8 is the only aircraft manufactured in the United States  that  , when fully missionized , meets the necessary capabilities , " Wednesday 's statement said . The four-engine Airbus A380 -- the world 's largest airliner -- which is made in France , was thought by some to be Boeing 's only competition for Air Force One . When will the President get a new jumbo jet ? Hard to say . If everything goes smoothly , Boeing likely will work with the Air Force on hammering out a timeframe and production schedule . In December , Boeing had 36 unfilled orders for 24 passenger versions and 12 freighter models . From humble beginnings as a small , less than impressively outfitted plane during the FDR administration , to its current jumbo jet status , Air Force One has become a world-class icon representing power and privilege . Members of Congress , celebrities and advocates clamor for seats on it , to get rare access to the President -- arguably the most powerful person on the planet . The plane 's well-known blue and white color scheme was largely created by legendary industrial designer Raymond Loewy and approved by JFK himself . Officially , the aircraft is only called Air Force One while a sitting president is aboard . The presidential fleet includes several aircraft , other than the two 747s , that from time to time carry the "  Air Force One " call sign . The presidential helicopter is operated by the Marine Corps and is often seen ferrying the President to and from the South Lawn of the White House . It 's called "  Marine One . " On the rare occasion the President travels by Army aircraft , that is known as "  Army One . " By the same logic , aircraft used to carry the vice president are given the call sign "  Air Force Two . " Over the years , the various "  Air Force Ones " have had their fair share of Hollywood screen roles . For example , the technological wizardry onboard the present 747s got wide play in the 1997 Harrison Ford action movie "  Air Force One , " in which the President 's jet is hijacked by Russian nationalists . However , many of the more outlandish gizmos featured in the film owed more to , shall we say , artistic license than to airborne fact . The plane for example has no escape pod . Nor is it equipped with parachutes -- the massive slipstream created by an aircraft the size of a 747 means they ca n't be used . Designed to operate as independently as possible from ground services , the aircraft can fly halfway around the world without refueling . They carry their own automated baggage loaders as well as built-in front and aft stairs enabling them to operate self-sufficiently at airports and airfields around the world , minimizing security risks . Capable of in-flight refueling from airborne tankers , manufacturers say the aircraft has "  virtually unlimited range " -- its passengers sustained by galleys capable of storing up to 2,000 meals at a time . The entire aircraft is shielded against the effects of electromagnetic pulse -- a wave of energy generated by the detonation of a nuclear device that can disable unprotected electronics . It features private accommodation , office space and a workout room for the President , first lady and family ; as well as accommodation and offices for support staff and security personnel . Also on board is a stateroom and conference rooms that can , should it ever be necessary , be converted into a fully functional airborne medical center . CNN 's Joe Havely contributed to this report .	Pentagon approves bigger version of the Boeing 747 as the new Air Force One Air Force One may be the most famous plane in the world Basically a White House with wings , it has been witness to American history
CNN  -- As a Alabama native , I packed my bags and moved to New York City in pursuit of a modeling career at 18 years old . Even though I will always be a small-town girl at heart , I always dreamed of all the adventures of living in a big city . After signing with the Wilhelmina Models agency , it was n't long before I landed my first Essence cover . Soon after that I was on a plane to Paris to do the couture shows . Macy 's commercials , OiI of Olay ads and Maybelline campaigns were soon to follow . I knew I had arrived when Iman asked me to shoot a spread for Vanity Fair alongside supermodels Naomi Campbell , Tyra Banks and Beverly Johnson . This was the first time that I was photographed by famous photographer Annie Leibovitz . My career has taken me all over the world from Australia to Anguilla as a top model , and the education that I received is priceless . I live by the words "  follow your dreams , " and "  be fearless . " This attitude has landed me right where I am today . I am 43 , and I reside in Atlanta with my husband Peter Thomas and my 11-year-old daughter Noelle Robinson . I am a cast member on Bravo 's hit reality TV show "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta . " Outside of the instant celebrity that came with the show , the platform has been amazing . I have so many great opportunities coming my way , and I want to use my celebrity to change the world . I recently opened The Bailey Agency School of Fashion in Atlanta . The school offers classes on modeling , photography , makeup , hair styling , fashion styling and fashion designing . Sharing all that I have learned from being in the fashion industry for the past 25 years is one of the ways that I want to inspire young people to follow their dreams and give back to the community . There is a lack of education available at affordable prices for young , aspiring , talented people who are interested in a career in fashion . Before I set on my journey to New York to become a fashion model , I was very shy and lacked self-confidence . Then , I never would have believed that I would be the independent , successful , confident woman that I am today . I believe that this industry encourages high self-esteem and confidence which is invaluable in any career choice .	Cynthia Bailey is a cast member of "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta " She left Alabama for a modeling career in New York at age 18 She signed with Wilhelmina Models and did magazine covers , ads and runways
Aden , Yemen  CNN  It did n't look like much , but we 'd been told it was typical of the kind of craft ferrying the route between Djibouti and Aden . Better , everyone advised , to be low key , even if low key meant faded lights and three water pumps chugging at all times . The wooden vessel was called Mecca -- after the holy city . We were told we 'd be at the port in Aden by the next morning , but as the hours ticked by it soon became apparent that that was wildly optimistic . Morning came and we were still only halfway there . We 'd been given a secure route , charted for us by the Djiboutian Coast Guard . It meant hugging the coastline , trying to stay as much as possible out of the deeper water in the middle of the Gulf of Aden where the world 's navies seemed to be squaring off . It was almost double the distance of the direct route . Add to that a strong current -- and stomach-churning seas -- and it felt like we would spend an eternity on board . After our second sunset , we were finally close enough for my phone to ping with a Yemeni welcome message . However , we could n't risk arriving at night ; even getting too close to shore would risk being mistaken for a re-supply vessel and potentially taking a Saudi hit . The captain slowed the boat to a crawl so the remaining miles would stretch until daybreak . Finally , morning came . It was time to go into town to see what life was like for the people of Aden . We were n't really sure what to expect but we did know we could n't stay for long . From the moment we stepped through the gates of the port , we were met by noise and desperation , shoving and shouting . "  Where are you going ? " "  I 'll pay , I 'll pay " "  Are you here to take the Americans ? " I shouted back that we 'd return soon . We had just five hours on the ground and we needed to visit the hospital , the shuttered markets , the frontlines . There was so much we needed to see . The crowds clustered around our camera lens , asking "  Why ? " "  Why is this happening ? " "  Why has n't it stopped ? " It felt like no time had passed before we were told we had to go . The shelling had begun . We 'd been hearing pops of sniper fire all day but now we could hear rounds of automatic weapons and they were getting louder . As we arrived back at port , we found we were n't leaving alone . After waiting at port , praying a passing ship would dock , ours had become an unexpected lifeline for some of the families caught in the fighting . The Harbor-Master asked if we could take 60 refugees . It did n't feel like the answer could be anything but yes . What we did n't realize until it was too late was that the refugees were being charged $ 300 a person : An "  exit fee . " Those who did n't have the money were pushed back behind the wrought iron gates of the port . Those that did shared our day-and-a-half trip home . As the shores of Djibouti grew closer , you could see the uncertainty begin to take over . Many of them had come from comfortable lives , before the war shattered them . They had left homes that once hummed with air conditioners and televisions . Would the camps have TVs , they asked . No , they would n't , I said . What I did n't say was that they 'd be lucky to have electricity . But woven amid the uncertainty was the relief of escape . Some of the refugees took over our ship 's galley -- the kitchen . They 'd found a former chef amongst their number who commandeered the store cupboard , sending out a pick and mix of heaped trays . We got tuna spaghetti and more Turkish coffee than our cameraman Byron could possibly drink . Because we 'd brought refugees back with us , we were asked by the Djibouti Coast Guard to dock in the country 's north , in Obok , so they could be given the proper status while they wait to see what happens back home . The immigration officials were -- understandably -- a little bemused by our presence amongst a boatload of people fleeing Yemen , but to their credit they decided the important thing was that these families were now safe . From there Djibouti Port was just a few hours away , hours that stretched into infinity for the families ringing my phone to check that their loved ones had made it into harbor . Over the last few hours , people had shyly come up to ask if they could borrow our phone to tell their families they were safe . Now a deluge of anxious parents , siblings and partners flooded my ear , asking how it could possibly be that we were n't yet on dry land . But eventually we were , and as we watched the Djiboutian officials unload what remained of people 's belongings onto shore , it was a reminder that these were the lucky ones . Thousands more are still waiting back in Yemen , hoping they too will reach a safe port .	CNN 's Nima Elbagir describes the boat journey from Djbouti to Aden Vessel returned with 60 refugees desperate to flee fighting in Yemen
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Friday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown congratulates newly promoted four-star Gen. Ann Dunwoody . CNN  -- Tonight , our "  cutting through the bull " is a Friday first , one we are thrilled to celebrate . The Pentagon 's elite club of four-star generals welcomed a new member Friday , Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody . At her ceremony Friday , she said , "  I am honored to be joining your four-star bench of general officers -- an extraordinary band of brothers who have the responsibility of guiding our nation 's Army and its incredible soldiers into the future . " That particular band of brothers has welcomed its first sister . Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary " Ann Dunwoody has become the first female four-star general in history . In a year where we saw some very public battles to crack the glass ceiling in politics , Dunwoody quietly shattered the military 's "  brass " ceiling . Women make up only about 14 percent of the active duty force , with an even smaller fraction at the top . One male general was quoted as saying that given Dunwoody 's extraordinary accomplishments in the military , "  It 's too bad that the focus with this promotion will be on her gender . " We do applaud her accomplishments , but when you are the first in the male-dominated world that is the military , that in and of itself is an accomplishment that we also think is still worth noting and celebrating . Gen. Dunwoody , congratulations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Brown : First female four-star general is cause for celebration Brown : Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody becomes first sister to join special band of brothers Women make up only about 14 percent of the active duty force , Brown notes
CNN  -- A Mitt Romney campaign app went viral because it urged people to stand "  with Mitt " for "  A Better Amercia . " An easy typo to make , but , you know , almost all typos are easy to make . There might be some irony here , given the comment Romney made to the American Society of News Editors in April : "  Frankly , in some of the new media , I find myself missing the presence of editors to exercise quality control . " Romney , like so many others , needs a copy editor . And Romney , like so many others , is apparently working without one . People reading newspapers and news sites can empathize . They 're seeing lots of typos , as well as errors of grammar , fact and logic  $ " many more than they would have seen before news organizations decided that they did not need so many copy editors . No other job classification has suffered so many losses as the news business downsizes  except , perhaps , for classified ad takers , who have been craigsdelisted  . Although it is anecdotal that there are more errors , the evidence is certainly there : At the American Copy Editors Society , Charles Apple blogs regularly about all those who need a copy editor . Sadly , there 's no shortage of material , in news reports and beyond . Typos can be funny : Who would n't want to graduate from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Pubic Affairs ? Though , if the stories are true , his predecessor had a lot more pubic affairs than LBJ did . While we 're in the nether regions , look at the second photograph in the gallery above . How about a martini from this Phoenix restaurant ? Do n't see it ? Look closely at the ingredient after "  Apple Pucker . "  All together now : "  Ewwwww ! " Other photos in the gallery show that everyone needs an editor . NBC 's Lester Holt needed one when a story about a viral video marriage proposal was identified as "  The Propsal . " Wal-Mart needed one when the information on a box that was supposed to be in Spanish read "  Spanish here " instead . And , yes , CNN sometimes needs editors , as you can see in a news ticker on a breaking news story that said "  yujyujyujyujyuj ... " And The New York Times , where I worked for 25 years , has copy editors but seems to need them online . "  Mormon " as "  moron " in a headline ? It happened . Copy editors provide a safety net for a publication , catching most of the problematic stuff dropped from above . They are a curious breed : trivia experts , steeped in popular culture  helpful for pun headlines , none of which Google gets  , usually voracious readers , often unappreciated . A copy editor 's work is largely invisible , until she misses something , in which case she takes the blame . But most important is that a copy editor stands in for the reader , gingerly reshaping , clarifying and correcting things before the reader can see them and post an excoriating comment . But more and more publications are laying off their copy editors , replacing them with Web designers or more reporters , or with nothing . Or they 're consolidating copy editors  and designers  in "  hubs " far away from their audiences , where they ca n't catch a reporter who misspells Dan Smyth 's name as Smith . Websites , even those of print or broadcast properties , often have no one . One site that specializes in gossip originally had a copy editor but laid her off , one of its editors told me , "  because she just slowed things down . " Sorry , but would the world even know if that story on the pregnancy of  celebrity name here  was posted a minute later because someone had to correct the number of kids already borne by  celebrity name here  ? "  Digital first " often translates as "  show the reader the finger . " So why are so many news organizations giving up on copy editors ? Money , of course . Given the choice between having to give up reporters or give up copy editors , reporters will win nearly every time because they provide "  content . " By the way , did n't we once call it "  information " ? "  Content " sounds so ... commercial . Copy editors "  merely " prepare content , some publishers say , and do n't we have Web editors to do that ? Yes , but many do n't have the training or inclination -- or time -- to pay attention to the content . Their main role is to drive traffic to the site , even if the content is bad . One reason given for eliminating copy editors is that reporters can simply "  proofread " themselves better . But no one can read something he wrote as well as someone else can . Anyone who 's sent off an email beginning "  Dead Bob ... " knows that . And many reporters simply rely on spell check , witch wont ketch wards spilled rite , butt knot yews wright . Few publications that are laying off editors are training their remaining staffers to edit themselves better . And proofreading is perhaps the least important purpose of copy editing . Another stated reason for not having copy editors is that readers do n't care about typos . If that 's true , why is there so much ridicule about them ? How many comments say things like "  where were the editors ? " Besides , emerging research shows that readers view edited news more positively than they view unedited news . Perhaps the most misguided reason for not having copy editors is "  reader engagement . " After all , readers will spot mistakes , which then can be corrected quickly . Yes , it is a great advantage to be able to correct things quickly , but is n't it a greater advantage to not make the mistake in the first place , rather than have it ricochet around the Internet , and have readers think less of your publication ? Can you name one other business whose quality control consists of "  Well , we 'll just send it into the market and see who complains " ? If another consumer brand did that , there would be lawsuits . Copy editors are the quality control experts . Let them inspect . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Merrill Perlman .	Merrill Perlman : A copy editor would have fixed the "  Amercia " typo in Romney 's app Perlman : Newsrooms mistakenly fire copy editors to save money , and quality sinks She says readers complain of typos , grammatical errors and ridicule the media Perlman says news is taken more seriously when it 's polished by copy editors
CNN  -- Slowed , but not daunted , by Antarctic winds topping 100 mph , low visibility and snow , rescuers Saturday pounced on improving weather conditions to move closer to where a plane carrying three Canadians sent out emergency beacon signals . The condition of the three crew members on the Twin Otter operated by Calgary-based Kenn Borek Air Ltd. was not known nearly three days after the flight went missing and rescue attempts began . The plane was flying from the South Pole to an Italian base at Terra Nova Bay , Maritime New Zealand said . "  It is difficult to think of a more difficult environment , " said Steve Rendle , spokesman for Rescue Coordination Centre New Zealand . The beacon stopped working Thursday evening , possibly because the battery had run out , about a day after the plane was reported missing . By then , rescuers had pinpointed the location , but harsh weather has made visual sightings impossible , Rendle said . Winds , for example , reached nearly 105 mph Wednesday . One search aircraft reached a camp about 30 miles from where the beacon sounded . Two helicopters were moving toward the forward base on a glacier Saturday afternoon . A C-130 Hercules aircraft circled the beacon activation site , attempting to make visual contact . "  We 've got a reasonably positive forecast for that site , " Rendle said from Wellington . The missing crew 's survival kit includes survival suits , mountain tents and enough food and water for five days . The aircraft is believed to be at a height of 13,000 feet near the top of Mount Elizabeth , part of the rugged Queen Alexandra Range . It is a long distance from any bases in Antarctica . "  We would expect them to be with the plane , " Rendle said of the crew . "  Common sense would dictate you stay with the beacon . " Kenn Borek Air Ltd. did not immediately return a message left by CNN on Friday night . In a statement Wednesday , the airline described the flight as overdue . It did not release names of the crew members . According to its website , the airline has one of the largest Twin Otter fleets in the world . "  We are best known for our remote polar services utilizing ski-equipped Twin Otter , " it said . "  KBAL provides a wide range of additional services including medevac , survey , paradrop , float operations , third-party maintenance and overhaul . " The Queen Alexandra Range , about 100 miles long , was named by Ernest Shackleton during the British Antarctic expedition in 1907-1909 . Peter West , spokesman for the National Science Foundation , which oversees the U.S. Antarctic Program , said 24 hours of daylight this time of year should help rescue efforts . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Erica Harrington contributed to this report .	Rescue aircraft move closer to airplane beacon Three Canadians were flying from the South Pole to Terra Nova Bay in Antarctica The plane did not arrive , and the emergency locator activated , New Zealand officials said Calling terrain inhospitable an understatement
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- The Missouri woman whose Twitter account publicized supposedly confidential information about the grand jury proceedings in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown says she did n't send the tweet and her account was "  probably hacked . " Prosecutors in St. Louis County are investigating a Twitter post claiming the grand jury hearing evidence in the Ferguson shooting has n't heard enough to warrant charging Officer Darren Wilson in the death of the unarmed teenager . "  The matter has been referred to the prosecuting attorney for investigation , " said a statement from the St. Louis County court administrator . "  The court will hear the matter and take appropriate action , if the prosecutor finds cause to believe misconduct has occurred . " The woman , who CNN is not identifying , said in an interview with reporters on the doorstep of her home that she had n't used her Twitter account in months and thought she had deleted it . Complete coverage of Brown shooting and protests "  I did n't care for it because I just do n't get the whole Twitter thing , " she said , adding that someone had hacked her account and posted spam in the past . She further said that she knew no one on the grand jury hearing Wilson 's case and told CNN she had left a voicemail for St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch about the tweet . She has n't heard back from his office , she said . "  It had to have been hacked , " she said of her account . "  I promise you I did not do any of this . " The Washington Post first reported Wednesday that "  an account of possible jury misconduct surfaced ... on Twitter when several users sent messages about one juror who may have discussed evidence in the case with a friend . " In one post , someone said they knew a member of the grand jury and "  there is n't enough at this point to warrant an arrest . " Activist Shaun King provided information on the Twitter user , the prosecutor 's office told The Post . Investigation is complete The developments came on the same day the prosecutor 's office said the investigation into the controversial shooting death in the St. Louis suburb has been completed . Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old in the middle of the day on August 9 after telling Brown and a friend to get out of a street . Authorities could have charged Wilson by filing a criminal complaint , but McCulloch instead opted to present the case to a grand jury to decide whether to indict the officer . Ferguson mayor : Our eyes opened to racial problems "  The investigation has been basically completed that is being conducted by both the FBI and St. Louis County PD , " Ed Magee , the spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , told CNN . A grand jury is expected to decide by mid-November whether Wilson will be charged criminally for the shooting , which sparked weeks of unrest on the streets of Ferguson and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . The white police officer 's shooting of the black teenager was heavily debated throughout the nation . The grand jury , which began meeting in August , is expected to consider whether a crime was committed and if "  probable cause " exists that Wilson committed that crime . It was uncertain how the misconduct investigation might affect the case . If misconduct is found , the process may have to start over , The Post reported . Some witnesses have said Brown assaulted the officer at the outset and tried to grab his gun . Others said Wilson was the aggressor . A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed that Brown had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . Last month , two contractors doing construction work in Ferguson on the day Brown was killed said the teenager had his hands up in the air as he was gunned down . The men , who asked not to be identified after CNN contacted them , said they were about 50 feet away from Wilson when he opened fire . A video captured their reactions during the moments just after the shooting . "  He had his f *** in ' hands up , " one of the men said in the video . The men said they did n't see how the confrontation started . Dueling narratives in Michael Brown shooting Feds scrutinizing shooting , Police Department Federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigations : one into Brown 's killing and the other into the Ferguson Police Department 's record with minorities . One investigation will review the shooting by Wilson , a 28-year-old officer with six years of experience , including four in Ferguson . A civil rights violation would require that Wilson had shown "  racial hostility " against Brown in the shooting , legal analysts have said . The U.S. Justice Department also announced a second inquiry to examine accusations that the Police Department as a whole practiced racial profiling and heavy-handed tactics . The shooting ignited angry protests and instances of looting on the streets of Ferguson . Community leaders criticized what they said was an excessive show of force by police to the demonstrations . Local officials have failed to soothe public outrage . Last week , even after apologizing for his department 's actions after the shooting , Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson insisted that he 's not stepping down . "  This is mine , " he told CNN . "  I 'm taking ownership of it . " Jackson said he 's heard the calls for his ouster , but that does n't mean he 'll answer them . "  I 've talked to a lot of people who have initially called for that and then changed their mind after having meetings and discussions about moving forward , " he said . "  Realistically , I 'm going to stay here and see this through . " An apology , with continued unrest The Brown shooting stirred complaints of widespread racial profiling in Ferguson , which Jackson has rejected . "  It 's never been the intention of the Ferguson Police Department -- or any police department that I know -- to intentionally target individuals because of race , " the chief said . "  If there is that happening , it 's a crime and it needs to be addressed . " Jackson released a video apology to Brown 's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson 's streets to protest the young man 's death . In that video , the chief expressed regret that it took investigating officers four hours to remove Brown 's body from the street after he was shot dead . The St. Louis suburb of 21,000 erupted again last week after one of three Brown memorials at the site of the shooting burned . While many peaceful protesters took to the streets on September 23 , violent elements within the demonstration stoked chaos , attacking police with gunfire , rocks and bottles , and vandalizing and looting businesses , Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said . One person threw a Molotov cocktail at a parking structure , and there was an attempt to set a gasoline fire at a custard shop , he said . Two officers were injured , one of whom was struck by a rock below the eye , Johnson said . The City Council has recently taken up measures to reform court procedures and the way the city handles certain fines . The council is also considering a citizen review board to monitor the Police Department . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Missouri woman says she did not send tweet about grand jury proceedings Investigation into police shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown is complete , official says Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old on August 9 A grand jury is expected to decide by next month whether Wilson will be charged
New York  CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton left the hospital Friday morning after doctors performed a procedure to restore blood flow in one of his coronary arteries , longtime friend Terry McAuliffe told CNN . Clinton , 63 , was hospitalized at New York-Presbyterian Hospital 's Columbia campus after experiencing brief periods of discomfort in his chest over several days , according to Dr. Allan Schwartz , the hospital 's chief of cardiology . Two stents were used to restore blood flow to a coronary artery Thursday after images revealed that a bypass graft -- part of a quadruple bypass surgery that Clinton underwent in 2004 -- was blocked , Schwartz said . An electrocardiogram and a blood test showed no evidence of a heart attack , Schwartz said . "  If I know Bill Clinton , he 's going to get right back on the phone , " McAuliffe , a former chairman of the Democratic National Committee , told CNN on Friday . "  Yesterday as they were wheeling him into the operating room , they literally had to take the phone out of his hand as they were wheeling him in to surgery . "  He was on a conference call dealing with Haiti . And I guarantee you as soon as he gets back today he 'll be back on the phone . " Schwartz said the need for the procedure had nothing to do with Clinton 's post-bypass diet or exercise , which Schwartz called excellent . Rather , Schwartz said , this is "  part of the natural history " of the bypass treatment . "  He really toed the line in terms of diet and exercise . He really followed the program , " Schwartz said , adding he told Clinton that he 'd be allowed to return to work Monday . The stents have opened the artery that the blocked bypass graft was supposed to service , Schwartz said . Stents are tiny balloons that are threaded into a patient 's heart vessels where they are inflated , pushing plaque against the vessel wall and increasing blood flow . The graft 's blockage is n't unheard of , because that particular type of graft has a 10 percent to 20 percent failure rate after six years , Schwartz said . However , a bypass graft at a different artery -- the main artery in the front of Clinton 's heart -- still looks "  pristine , " Schwartz said . "  We know from multiple studies that if that bypass is open at this point ... it will remain open , " he said . Stents and chest pain explained Schwartz said Clinton was up and walking about two hours after Thursday 's procedure . In a written statement , Douglas Band , counselor to the former president , said : "  President Clinton is in good spirits and will continue to focus on the work of his foundation and Haiti 's relief and long-term recovery efforts . " Clinton 's daughter , Chelsea Clinton , and wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , were with him at the hospital Thursday night , Schwartz said . Hillary Clinton was scheduled to leave Friday on a planned trip to the Middle East , but her departure has been delayed until Saturday , a senior U.S. official said . Bill Clinton has n't left the public eye since he departed the White House in 2001 , maintaining an active schedule devoted to global philanthropic interests and speeches . Since the January 12 earthquake that hit Haiti , he has traveled there twice in his latest role as the U.N. special envoy . On February 3 , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon placed Clinton in charge of overseeing aid and reconstruction efforts there . Clinton also attended the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , in January . David Gergen , CNN senior political analyst , said Clinton was "  exhausted " and had a cold after returning from his second trip to Haiti earlier this month . Clinton had busy schedule before heart procedure Clinton 's 2004 surgery was performed at the same hospital where he was admitted Thursday . Doctors in 2005 operated again on Clinton to remove scar tissue and fluid that had built up after his bypass surgery . Dr. Spencer King , president of St. Joseph 's Heart and Vascular Institute in Atlanta , Georgia , rejected as outdated suggestions that Clinton needs to slow down . "  This is kind of a '50s concept , " he told CNN in a telephone interview Thursday . "  Now , we 've got a lot of fantastic ways to prevent progression of heart disease -- medications , things that can be done . The outlook for people is totally different . " "  If he slows down , he slows down , " said King , who who has not treated Clinton . But , he added , "  It would be very hard to show any data that would tell you he 'll have more trouble if he hangs it up . " King said Thursday 's stenting procedure may not be the end of Clinton 's heart woes . "  The problem there is that that vein graft is developing disease and sometimes it goes on and develops more , " he said . "  There 's a substantial chance over the next three , four , five years that it could close up again . " CNN 's John King , Ed Henry , Jessica Yellin , Elise Labott and Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton leaves hospital Friday morning , former DNC chairman says Doctor : Graft installed during 2004 bypass surgery was blocked Thursday 's stent procedure opened artery that graft was supposed to service Former president came to hospital after feeling chest discomfort over several days
CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush briefly jumped back into the national conversation Tuesday night with his interview on "  The Tonight Show . " Bush told host Jay Leno that "  I do n't miss the spotlight " and that he was thoroughly enjoying his post-presidential life . On Wednesday , former President Bill Clinton is in the news as he receives a Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama . The two former presidents have taken a very different approach to their time after the White House . In an era when former presidents are often younger and healthier than in the past , the post-presidency offers a huge opportunity for them to help shape their legacies . Former President Jimmy Carter raised the bar after he lost to Ronald Reagan in 1980 . Rather than going into political hiding , the Georgian launched the Carter Center , which has been a hub of international diplomacy . Carter remained an important voice in discussions about foreign policy and has even played a role in resolving some tense diplomatic situations . Clinton 's approach to life after the White House has reflected his general style of politics . Clinton has never been passive . As governor of Arkansas and as president of the United States , Clinton has believed it is essential to maintain an aggressive and proactive stance . In an era when many Democrats felt defensive about their ideas , Clinton never let his opponents define him . He responded to every attack throughout his presidency by going on the attack and tried to influence the national conversation about how he was doing . When Republicans shut down the government in 1995 claiming to be fiscally responsible , Clinton turned the tables on them by depicting them as politically reckless . When House Republicans moved to impeach him for perjury in 1997 and 1998 , Clinton painted his opponents as partisan zealots who were using the constitutional process for crass political ends . Since 2000 , Clinton has continued to inject himself into the political arena . Understanding that presidential legacies evolve in real time , Clinton has remained a forceful presence in the Democratic Party . He has worked hard to strengthen his image as an effective partisan fighter who knows , and knew , how to make things work in a dysfunctional political period . During the 2008 campaign , while supporting his wife 's candidacy he promoted a vision of Democratic politics that he said would be most effective in getting things done in Washington . After Obama won office , Clinton made his peace with the President and in 2012 was one of the most effective advocates for the White House by articulating a powerful critique of Republican economic policies . In recent weeks , Clinton spoke out on the health care program , urging Obama to honor his commitment for people to keep their insurance plans and aiming to shore up Democrats as they have struggled through the problematic rollout of the Affordable Care Act . Not only does Clinton want to demonstrate his political skills , but he remains devoted to a Democratic Party that is strong and effective -- which in his mind would be the best proof that his term in office helped to revitalize a party that had been politically devastated in the Age of Reagan . Clinton also would like his wife to be elected president so as to create a political dynasty of sorts . Bush has taken a different approach , letting his record stand on its own . Bush left the White House hugely unpopular and controversial . Bush had little appetite for the toxic environment of Washington and has been remarkably quiet since leaving . Although Americans saw some of him following the release of his book and in relationship to the opening of his presidential library , that 's about it . The strategy follows the kind of politician he was . Bush liked to call himself "  The Decider " and in many ways he was . Bush preferred to make decisions and let them stick , regardless of how controversial or problematic they were . We have seen the same strategy in his post-presidential career . Rather than being part of the political conversation and trying to shape his party in the years that followed , Bush has let the record speak for itself . By many accounts , he has watched as the GOP moved rightward despite his own inclinations about what would be best for the future of the party . Each strategy carries its rewards and risks . For Clinton , his stance allows him to be part of the conversation and to try to make sure that his party remains in a strong position . He can paint himself in a good light as people examine what he was doing as president . The danger is that his actions make him a target of controversy and that by making himself so doggedly political he undermines the aura of a statesman that has been so beneficial to rebuilding the damaged image Americans often have of their leaders . During the 2008 presidential campaign , criticism from the African-American community about his statements regarding Obama weakened some of the strong support that the community held toward his presidency . For Bush , the benefit of his relative silence is that he avoids all of the pitfalls that face Clinton . As feelings about him start to soften simply because we are further removed from his presidency , he has created the space for more careful and rigorous analysis of what he did during the White House . By showing how difficult the political environment is regardless of whether he is in office , Bush can allow for more sympathy to develop of challenges he faced . The dangers for Bush are twofold . By being so removed , he can convey a level of dispassion for politics that plays into criticism that it was never a job he was driven to do in the first place . He has also failed to play a forceful role as his party plunges in its approval ratings . Presidential legacies are a tough thing to predict . Like the weather in New England , they change by the minute . As the nation commemorates the 50th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , we can see how presidential reputations fluctuate dramatically  historians often remember his failures as president , while many others recall his presidency in heroic terms  . But in this day and age , former presidents have significant opportunities to shape how the nation remembers them and to influence the political world in which they will be judged during their lifetime . As Obama reaches the final period of his presidency , he would do well to look at what his predecessors have done and start thinking through what his strategy will be in the years ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	George W. Bush goes on "  The Tonight Show " ; Bill Clinton gets Medal of Freedom Julian Zelizer : The two are taking opposite approaches to managing presidential legacies Clinton takes initiative in pushing his view of how Democratic Party should act , Zelizer says Zelizer : Bush takes more passive role , letting his controversial record speak for itself
Dallas  CNN  Kisha Bell walks into the Neighborhood Medical Center in Dallas complaining of abdominal pain . But she has a much more pressing concern weighing on her mind . "  Ebola -- can you tell me , I guess , as far as like the symptoms ? " she asks the doctor . Ebola is n't spreading across the United States , but anxiety about the virus certainly is . The epicenter is Dallas , where the country 's first diagnosis and the first transmissions of Ebola were made . Before this month , Dr. Martin McElya said he 's never been asked about Ebola . Now he 's fielding a wave of questions . "  I say , ` You 're not going to get it from someone who sneezes across the room , or because you 're sharing an airspace , " McElya said . "  It 's going to require more of an intimate contact , and people seem relieved by that fact . " 2nd health care worker tests positive for Ebola at Dallas hospital False alarms galore But in the sky and on the ground , the fear persists . And with the news Wednesday that a second health care worker tested positive for the virus at the Dallas hospital while tending to the now-deceased Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan , those fears are magnifying . Five people with flu-like symptoms on a flight from Dubai to Boston were examined by workers in hazmat gear upon landing . It turns out none had the criteria for Ebola or had visited West Africa . At Los Angeles International Airport , 40 firefighters responded to a plane from New York when a passenger had flu-like symptoms . "  It has turned out that there was some miscommunication , " Los Angeles Fire Department Capt. Jaime Moore said . "  This patient had been to the continent of Africa , but not near West Africa . As a matter of fact , it was South Africa . " And a hoaxter wearing a mask in Los Angeles exited a city bus saying , "  Do n't mess with me , I have Ebola . " The bus driver was rushed to a hospital . And police begin a manhunt . Spreading misinformation On top of the false alarms , high-profile voices have spread misinformation about the disease . Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal told the Marietta Daily Journal that the state 's public health commission told him that "  water kills the Ebola virus " and that her advice was to "  wash your hands . " In fact , water alone does not kill Ebola . Chlorine and bleach do . And singer Chris Brown suggested to his 13.7 million Twitter followers that the Ebola outbreak is intentional . "  I do n't know ... But I think this Ebola epidemic is a form of population control , " he tweeted . "  Expletive  is getting crazy bruh . " According to a Washington Post/ABC News poll , 65 % of Americans are somewhat or very concerned about the possibility of a widespread Ebola epidemic in the United States . Perry heads to Europe despite Ebola situation Eleven beds for the entire country But some worry is understandable . Of the thousands of hospitals in the United States , only four have biocontainment units and years of preparation in handling highly infectious disease like Ebola . But between those four hospitals , there are only about 19 beds in the specialized areas : 10 at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha ; three at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta ; three at Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Montana ; and an estimated three at National Institutes of Health in Maryland . Even the count of 19 beds may be deceiving , CNN 's Drew Griffin said . "  The center director in Omaha says his staff could only realistically handle no more than two Ebola patients at a time , " Griffin said . "  That 's because of the danger , the staffing and the waste removal necessary when you 're treating any Ebola patient . " So that essentially means 11 beds for the entire country . That , coupled with a slew of complaints from a nursing union , may seem troubling . After nurse Nina Pham contracted Ebola while treating an Ebola patient , National Nurses United said there was no protocol in place on how to take care of such patients at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas . On Wednesday , Texas state health officials said a second health care worker at the same hospital has tested positive for Ebola . Reasons to calm down But in the end , it 's extremely difficult to get Ebola in the United States . Unlike a cold or the flu , Ebola ca n't be spread until an infected person shows symptoms . And transmission requires direct contact with that person 's bodily fluids . Louisiana Attorney General Buddy Caldwell sought a temporary restraining order to block the disposal of incinerated waste from an Ebola patient 's personal items at a Louisiana landfill . But it 's impossible to spread Ebola through anything that has been burned , infectious waste expert Dr. Gavin Macgregor-Skinner said . "  Incineration is going to kill the virus , " he said . "  That virus is dead . Now it is not infectious , it has no risk -- zero risk -- to the environment , to people , to anyone . " The United States is far better off than the three countries grappling the most with Ebola -- Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea -- where thousands of people have died from the virus this year . Despite fledgling protocols on Ebola at American hospitals , medical facilities are better in the U.S. Remember the anthrax scare ? Yet this kind of anxiety is n't new to the United States . Just take the anthrax scare from a decade ago . "  For a little while , people were freaking out about white powder , and that was costly , " risk communications expert Peter Sandman said . "  People do n't freak out about white powder anymore . They 're used to that risk , and they take it in stride . People will take this one in stride , too but it takes a while . " Opinion : Ebola highlights public health crisis A run on supplies Back in Dallas , some medical supply stores have seen a spike in sales . Jennifer Wilson of One Source Medical Solutions say the big sellers are the three Gs : goggles , gloves and isolation gown . "  Typically , we only have purchases from clinicians , " she said . "  We have everyday people coming in , saying , ' I just want to have them just in case . ' " At the Neighborhood Medical Center , McElya examines Bell . "  So , tell me . What makes the pain worse ? " "  I think when I have something spicy , " she replies . It turns out Bell does n't have Ebola . She 'll be getting tested for a possible gallbladder condition . CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported from Dallas ; Kyung Lah from Los Angeles ; and Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jake Tapper , Drew Griffin and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	A Dallas doctor says he has many patients asking him about Ebola symptoms A slew of false alarms in the past week have raised concerns There are less than 19 beds ready for Ebola patients in specially-trained hospitals
CNN  -- There are few philosophers whose very name provokes more violent responses than Karl Marx . His stern face , framed by a mass of gray hair , symbolizes for many Americans the costly battles of the 20th century : battles against communism , socialism , and authoritarianism fought in defense of democracy and free-market capitalism . As successive generations of Americans waged those fights , the philosophical disputes at the core of the conflicts embedded themselves into the American soul . So much so that when the "  evil empire , " whose seeds sprouted from Marx 's doctrine , died as a result of the revolutions of 1989 , the ideological battle did not . Though the Soviet Union is but a memory , and that other communist behemoth -- China -- has mutated into a capitalist autocracy , the specter of Marx himself remains as potent as ever in 21st century U.S. political discourse . Since 2008 especially , with the fall of financial markets and the rise of Barack Obama , the charge "  Marxist " has been hurled like toxic sludge against politicians seen as ready to redistribute wealth  to the advantage of most Americans  , expand social safety nets , or ensure that all children receive a good education . Critics say these steps are merely the first along a slippery slope that inevitably ends in outright state control . Amid these warnings , the communist horrors of the 20th century float like dark apparitions , reminding us of the bad old days . But I wonder how many of those who invoke the name of Marx in order to stifle political debate actually believe their own propaganda . Or are they conjuring up a convenient bogeyman at a time of great uncertainty . Do they raise Marx 's image in order to deflect attention from slightly warmer bodies  Marx has been dead for 128 years  in positions of political or economic power who are actually more pernicious ? I also wonder whether those who use Marx 's name , and those who tremble at the thought of him , actually know much about the man . Are they reacting to Karl Marx or those things done in his name ? I believe it is the latter . I also believe it is time to understand Marx so that we are no longer made to fear him . When I began working on a biography of Marx 's family in 2003 , I was well acquainted with his theories . I knew , as most do , the history of the governments formed to reflect the state he had supposedly envisioned . I knew of the atrocities committed by those said to be his followers . I had not , however , been properly introduced to the man himself . What I discovered was not what I expected . Karl Marx was a middle-class philosopher , economist , and journalist  whose main employer was a New York newspaper  . He was also flawed in the extreme . He drank excessively , behaved shamefully in his home life , and worked obsessionally , though he produced little that earned him money or recognition during his lifetime . These flaws , however , made him more interesting because , despite being in a state of near constant personal crisis , he was able to accomplish what he set out to do -- he changed the world . Marx began his opposition activities as a youth in Prussia against an absolute monarch who could not see , or perhaps chose not to see , that society was changing . The industrial revolution was spreading eastward and Prussian businessmen were eager to expand with it . But the old system of government would not allow for such progress . The king would not allow the democratic reforms that were the handmaidens of the new industrial order . This was Marx 's first battle , to expose the contradictions between the centuries-old monarchical system and the world as it existed in the first half of the 19th century . According to Marx , it was only natural that as the means of production changed -- in this case a move from an agricultural base to an industrial one -- society would be altered . And if , as he believed , a government 's sole function was to serve the people , then government must also change . Marx saw this social evolution as inevitable . It only became revolution when the kings and their minions refused to reform . By the 1850s , the industrialists had gained political power after revolts across Europe in 1848 caused kings to view proto-capitalists as allies against radicalized lower classes . The wheels of industry were humming , as were the halls of finance , where a new breed of speculator was born , addicted to risk in his quest for ever greater profit . Marx quickly recognized that capitalism would institutionalize social and economic instability . The system 's inherent hunger for new markets , new consumers , new and cheaper methods of production in order to increase the flow of capital would result in a destructive system of boom and bust . After each cataclysm , he predicted , the number of capitalists at the top of the pyramid would be smaller , while the base of disaffected workers grew . Gradually even the middle class would be included . Marx believed that industrial capitalism had also created a new system of repression and exploitation . Politically and socially men were no more equal under this new order than they had been under a monarchy . Rights belonged to those with money and property ; those with only a strong back or skilled hands could not even vote . Financially , those filling the ranks of the industrial workforce were arguably worse off . There was evidence aplenty to support Marx 's assessment . He lived in London , the richest city in the world . And yet as great as was its wealth , much greater was its poverty . In Marx 's neighborhood , some people rented a space in a bed and called it comfort . Others paid for a few inches on a stairwell and called it home . Marx summed up the situation saying , "  There must be something rotten in the very core of a social system which increases its wealth without diminishing its misery . " This is the field where Marx 's ideas grew . He famously spent year after year in the British Museum Reading Room , trying to understand this new system , predict its course , and , finally , offer an alternative . Throughout the 16 years before he produced his greatest literary work Das Kapital , Marx 's family lived in near continual destitution . Their sole consolation was that they believed Marx 's work was noble and important , and that their suffering was small compared with the majority of people who sacrificed their lives so someone else could live in luxury . Das Kapital and Marx 's other political-economic writings were only one aspect of his work . He was also an organizer and educator . Through various small groups , he tried to teach workers , who had neither formal education nor viewed themselves as a political force . The courses included language , literature and history , but mostly politics and economics . Marx was convinced that the only way to successfully change society was to educate the population so that it could eventually lead itself . In 1864 , the most important of his many organizational endeavors was born , the International Working Men 's Association . Its goal was to connect workers and trade unions throughout Europe and America to protect their rights in the face of an increasingly powerful capitalist system , whose tentacles had spread beyond individual nations and were encircling the globe . Marx recognized the working man 's greatest power was his number . Marx died in 1883 , before his books gained a wide readership and before the workers he had been fighting for took their places in government as representatives of labor and socialist political parties . It had taken decades of struggle -- largely nonviolent -- for this to occur . But Marx knew the path to progress would be slow , and that ultimately the best way to re-balance society was through the ballot box . He also believed , however , that the working man had the right to revolt if those in power tried to deny him such political expression -- free speech , free assembly , freedom of the press -- and the vote . Marx 's actual vision for a government of the future was vague , which no doubt is why it has produced so many variants . But he believed ultimately mankind would naturally evolve out of capitalism and socialism , and embrace a communist society in which government was no longer necessary at all . It is a utopian dream that has occurred nowhere -- least of all in the countries most associated with his name . Today , many people know Marx only through the crimes of the former communist countries . But Marx 's ideas also helped give birth to mainstream political parties in Western Europe -- Britain 's Labour Party , Spain 's Socialist Party , France 's Socialist Party , and Germany 's Social Democratic Party . And yet , for some reason in America , these parties are generally not considered part of Marx 's legacy . In the United States , we have been taught to fear Marx for so long that we have forgotten those parts of his philosophy that have become integral to our own lives -- from free education to the right to bear arms . In fact , the era in modern American history that was most "  Marxist " was the 1950s , when union membership was high , personal wealth spread more equitably , and the gap between the rich and poor relatively slim . I came away from my Marx project believing that rather than demonizing Marx , it is better to understand him . If his name is used in political discourse , it should be done in the manner of other great thinkers : as a source of ideas . Whether or not we agree with him , there are lessons to be learned from Marx . To believe otherwise is to ignore a man and a period of history that are crucial to understanding our own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Gabriel .	Mary Gabriel : Karl Marx is potent symbol for Americans , is used as political epithet She wonders whether people who fling Marxist tag know anything about Karl Marx She says Marx a middle-class activist trying to lead Prussian king to democratic reforms Gabriel : Americans taught to fear him , but have adopted some of his ideas , like free education
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose re-election last month led to massive protests , on Tuesday called the balloting "  the most free election anywhere in the world . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected last month , setting off days of protests . "  It was a great event , " he said in a nationally televised address . The election , which opponents charge was rigged , was followed by street demonstrations and civil unrest that led to the deaths of at least 20 protesters and the arrest of more than 1,000 , according to Iranian state-run media . The numbers of casualties and arrests could not be independently verified by CNN because the Iranian government banned coverage by international journalists . The president , who said voter turnout was 85 percent , said opponents "  did not provide even one piece of document regarding irregularities or vote fraud . " Without specifically mentioning the post-election violence , Ahmadinejad said criticism of government "  is the key to the success of a nation . " Everyone has criticisms , he said . "  I have my own . " But he accused the "  arrogant powers " and "  enemies " of Iran of interfering in his country 's affairs , including the post-election situation . Some Iranians collaborated with enemies , the president said . Ahmadinejad also said Tuesday he believes the government should be "  substantially " reorganized . Although he did n't elaborate , he said the areas of employment , housing , development and civil rights were high on the agenda . " -LSB- We -RSB- need to create newer capacities and prepare ourselves for this new period , " he said , apparently referring to his upcoming second term in office . "  With this election , we have entered a new era ... in domestic spheres and on an international level , " he added . He called it "  an era of solidarity . " "  The government is at the service of the entire people , " Ahmadinejad said . "  Things will be done in a better way , more effective way , so we can reach higher aspirations . " He said experts have been invited to help the government achieve progress .	Iranian president calls recent vote "  most free election anywhere in the world " In address , he says criticism of government "  is the key to the success of a nation " He accuses "  arrogant powers " and "  enemies " of Iran of interfering in country 's affairs Widespread protests rocked Iran in days after Ahmadinejad 's re-election
CNN  -- David Adjaye is one of the world 's most highly acclaimed and sought after architects . Born in Tanzania to Ghanaian parents , Africa has played an important role in his life and continues to provide inspiration for his projects around the globe -- although he now lives and bases his practice in London . "  Tanzania is an incredible melting pot of cultures with Sikhs , Indians , Muslims , " Adjaye says . "  Living in East Africa and sort of mixing with all these groups allowed me to sample many different spatial and cultural conditions very early on , " he adds . Graffiti for good Some of Adjaye 's most notable structures include the Nobel Peace Center in Norway , the Museum of Contemporary Art in Denver , and the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington D.C. Secret life of urban Africa But while his African roots remain a fond memory , he says that there is now much more that inspires him -- not least his love of architecture around the world . In the gallery above Adjaye selects six of his favorite buildings , explaining why they hold a special appeal to him and what makes them so architecturally unique .	David Adjaye is an architect born in Tanzania Although he lives and works in London , he says Africa remains a source of inspiration He has recently designed buildings in the UK , Italy and the United States
When Ashley Blackmon sat down for her job interview for a marketing position in New York City , she did n't start off by talking about the business classes she had taken in college or her experience working at a financial services company . Instead , she talked about the five months she spent studying and traveling in Spain . "  When I left the interview , I felt amazing , " said Blackmon , 24 , who studied at ESEI International Business School in Barcelona the year before she graduated Clark Atlanta University . She landed that marketing analyst job at a large food and beverage company and believes her study-abroad experience was the thing that set her apart . "  I learned how to be a better businesswoman , critical thinker and relationship builder in a new culture , " she said . Studying abroad is n't a common experience for most U.S. college students . In fact , only 1 % of students manage to study abroad . Finances , time constraints and safety are some of the challenges U.S. students face when deciding to spend a semester or two overseas . But globetrotting during or after college could give recent graduates an edge in the job market , which continues to be one of the toughest on record for 20-somethings . The potential benefits are prompting new study-abroad initiatives in the States . Organizations such as the Institute of International Education have launched programs such as Generation Study Abroad in hopes of doubling the number of U.S. students who travel internationally . An international push from the White House First lady Michelle Obama is also working on efforts to promote more international travel among Americans . She 's in China with her daughters and mother , speaking about the importance of education , youth empowerment and the benefits of studying abroad . The first lady conducted an exclusive interview with CNN iReporters on Saturday , taking their questions on studying abroad . "  The benefits of studying abroad are almost endless , " Obama said during the CNN iReport interview . "  First of all , it is going to make you more marketable in the United States . More and more companies are realizing that they need people with experience around the world . " Howard Wallack , vice president of global business development at the Society for Human Resource Management , has experience as a hiring manager and was an international exchange student . He says traveling abroad can introduce students to a host of skills . "  Living in another country , you learn to deal with a variety of people , " he said . "  You learn to listen , be proactive , be patient , assertive . All those are translatable skills . " Wallack 's experience working in a rural health clinic in Guatemala after a major earthquake helped him find compassion and resiliency within himself . "  If you just stay in your own country , you have a certain mindset about your own culture . When you step out of that , you challenge your experiences and find out about yourself , which can translate in the workplace , " he said . The problem is students do n't always know how to illustrate those experiences on paper . But some colleges are taking steps to teach soon-to-be graduates how to leverage their study abroad adventures for job interviews . Take the trip , land the job Heather White is the director of the Career Resource Center at the University of Florida . With an enrollment of 50,000 students annually , she says the key to standing out with your travel experience is to be strategic about how you exhibit it . "  Some students tend to write on their resume , ` study abroad France , ' and that is it . We recommend expanding on that experience . Did they volunteer , work , study ? " she said . Jennifer Grasz , a spokesperson for job-posting site CareerBuilder , says to write out what you learned and how it 's relevant to your professional performance on your resume . "  For example : Traveling abroad has provided me with a greater knowledge and appreciation of global communities and how to effectively navigate around communication and cultural barriers , " she wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Ashley Putnam , a fellowship director and writer for Idealist , an online resource for finding nonprofit jobs , is a bit more skeptical about the career benefits of studying overseas . "  It depends on what they did , " she explained . Running a public policy program , she looks for applicants who are realistic about job expectations . "  I find that people who paid to volunteer abroad sort of just take pictures and hold babies , " she said . "  It depends on your study abroad program , too . Just having studied abroad is good , but there is a whole other aspect to what you did while you were there . " That 's exactly what Alexa Basile tried to keep in mind when she selected her study abroad program . The State University of New York at Potsdam student spent a year in Australia teaching social studies to a class of nine students . It was during that immersion with her students , many of whom had behavioral problems , that she noticed her eighth-grade students were reading at a second-grade level . That inspired her to focus on more critical reading lessons . "  And that made me realize I wanted to be a literacy specialist , " she said , which she is now emphasizing as she interviews for graduate school . Like Blackmon , Basile puts her study-abroad experience on her resume , but she also goes in depth about her trip in her cover letter . She 's candid with interviewers about her successes and challenges overseas . "  I had times with this class that were really tough , and sometimes frustrating , " she said . Her students routinely challenged her instructions , defied her and talked back to her . "  But my very last day , I walked into the classroom and they decorated it for me and they brought me treats and toys , " she said . "  I broke down immediately . It really proved to me they were tough , but they appreciated me . " Those frustrating and rewarding moments helped hone her classroom management skills . After Basile came back from Australia , she got her second student teaching job at an inner-city school in New York City . It 's exactly that sort of program involvement that Idealist 's Putnam says will make hiring managers care about a study abroad trip . "  Be self-aware as you are doing your job and take stock in what skills you are building . It 's not just ' I go to a class and I teach the class , ' " she said . "  Be critical of the work that you are doing . " Basile , who is interviewing for graduate schools , says to approach studying abroad with realistic expectations . "  To get most out of your travel , you need to go with the mindset that you are going to do a lot of things and be involved , " she said . "  Get hands on and look for a program that has those experiences . You can be a tourist on a family vacation . "	First lady Michelle Obama is in China , promoting international travel and cultural exchange While there , she took CNN iReporters ' questions about studying abroad She believes it 's beneficial for young Americans to travel overseas Studying abroad could make recent graduates more marketable while job hunting
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The young seamstress who survived 17 days in the rubble of a collapsed factory building got a new job Thursday -- a five-star hotel said it had hired her as its "  public area ambassador . " "  We are proud to have her on board with us . I hope we can together create a good future and career for this young woman , " Westin Dhaka Hotel General Manager Azeem Shah said of 19-year-old Reshma . Like many women in Bangladesh , she goes goes by one name . Reshma had been undergoing treatment at a hospital since her rescue on May 10 , and she accepted the new job in the housekeeping department of the Starwood Hotels and Resorts facility when she was released Thursday . "  I am really happy to join here , " Reshma told reporters at the hotel , where she met with media . Reshma surprised searchers and workers clearing rubble at the collapsed Rana Plaza building when she cried out for help in a faint voice more than two weeks after the nine-story structure fell , killing 1,130 people and injuring more than 2,400 . Rescuers pulled her from a dark chamber under remnants of the factory where she had worked as a sewing-machine operator . She said she survived on some water in a bottle she found and four crackers . "  The people who were with me under the rubble died . I heard people screaming . ` Save me , save me , ' they screamed . But I could n't find them . I tried , " Reshma said after her rescue . Five apparel factories at Rana Plaza made clothes for various brands , including British discount fashion retailer Primark and Canada 's Loblaw Cos Ltd as well as Spanish retailer Mango .	Reshma was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed factory building on May 10 She survived for 17 days on some water and four crackers A hotel in Dhaka says it has hired here as its "  public area ambassador "
CNN  -- A New Jersey man pleaded not guilty Friday to stealing a pencil-on-paper Picasso sketch from a San Francisco gallery last week , his defense attorney said . Mark Lugo , 30 , was charged with three counts -- burglary , grand theft and possession of stolen property -- and pleaded not guilty to all counts , according to his attorney , Douglas Horngrad . Police have estimated the value of the piece at around $ 275,000 , though Horngrad said it is not worth nearly that much . The New Jersey man was arrested in Napa , California on July 6 , police have said . His bail was set at $ 5 million dollars . He is accused of entering the Weinstein Gallery in San Francisco on July 5 , walking straight to the painting , removing it and walking back out , police have said . The artwork , "  Tete de Femme , " or "  Head of a Woman , " was drawn in 1965 . Following his arrest in San Francisco , New York police tied Lugo to surveillance footage from another theft at a New York City hotel . Lugo was allegedly seen lifting a $ 350,000 Fernand Leger sketch from the Carlyle Hotel on June 28 , according to Hoboken Detective Sergeant Edwin Pantoja . After viewing the surveillance video , police obtained a search warrant for Lugo 's Hoboken , New Jersey apartment early Wednesday , Pantoja said . There , authorities found eleven paintings hung on the walls , he added . "  A mini-exhibit was going on in the apartment , " said Pantoja . The artworks -- which included another Picasso piece -- were allegedly stolen from seven different Manhattan galleries in June and July , according to a statement issued Friday by New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . The eleven pieces have a combined value totaling more than $ 420,000 , police said . Following the discovery in Lugo 's New Jersey apartment , New York police issued a warrant for his arrest . Lugo faces extradition to New York on suspicion of grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property , said Browne . Given that all the pieces were allegedly pinched during the last 45 days , Lugo appears to be "  someone in the midst of a manic , compulsive exercise rather than an art-thief , " his San Francisco attorney said . Horngrad added that Lugo "  had no intention to sell the pieces . " Lugo will next appear in San Francisco court on August 23 , his lawyer said .	Mark Lugo is accused of stealing a Picasso sketch from a San Francisco gallery last week He is also allegedly tied to several New York robberies His lawyer says Lugo had no intention of selling the pieces
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department launched a new Farsi-language Twitter feed Sunday in a bid to connect with internet users in Iran . "  US State Dept recognizes historic role of social media among Iranians . We want to join in your conversations , " the department said in its first tweet . The feed was launched just one day before opposition leaders and activists in Iran have called for a protest in support of the Egyptian revolution , according to Saham News . The rally is planned to coincide with the 25th day of Bahman , the 11th month of the Persian calendar . Following the resignation Friday of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , the head of Iran 's National Security Council , among other Iranian authorities , lauded the leader 's toppling , comparing "  the Egyptian Revolution with the victory of Iran 's Islamic Revolution , " according to Iran 's state-run media . But while publicly praising the Egyptian uprising , the government has rounded up activists after Iran 's two leading opposition figures called for Monday 's rally . Opposition leaders Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi asked that the rally take place in Tehran 's Azadi Square , the site of mass protests by Iran 's opposition movement after the disputed 2009 presidential elections . "  Iran has shown that the activities it praised Egyptians for it sees as illegal , illegitimate for its own people , " the State Department said in its second tweet . In its third tweet , the department called on Iran to allow people the same right to demonstrate as Egyptians had in Cairo . The Farsi-language feed had eight followers as of Sunday night . The State Department 's Arabic-language Twitter feed , launched last week , had more than 1,000 followers .	The move is a bid to reach internet users in Iran "  We want to join in your conversations , " the department says in its first tweet Iranian opposition leaders call for a protest Monday in support of Egyptian protesters
Francesco Schettino , captain of the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship , took the stand for the first time Tuesday , combative and contradicting the testimony of not just his first captain but also what he has said in the past about the deadly shipwreck . Schettino -- who is charged with manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board -- denies wrongdoing . He faces up to 23 years in prison if convicted . He remained defiant even while painting a picture of confusion on board the ship as the disaster unfolded , pointing the finger at others for the chaotic evacuation of the ship 's passengers . Five of the captain 's co-workers have already entered guilty pleas in the case , including officers who were on the ship . These pleas may work against Schettino as he answers questions with regard to the co-workers ' testimony before the court in Grosseto . When shown the deposition given by his first captain , Ciro Ambrosio , who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in exchange for a lighter sentence , Schettino was argumentative and gesticulated wildly . What Ambrosio told the court in his testimony is similar to the version of events Schettino has given in past TV interviews , but the captain contradicted that version in his testimony Tuesday . Schettino 's attorneys argued that what the captain has previously said on Italian TV can not be used as evidence in court . The disputed testimony deals with such details as radar readings , who was on the bridge at the time of the accident and where those people were positioned . Speaking to CNN during a court break , Schettino said he was confident about how his trial was progressing . "  It is exhausting , but I think it is going well , " Schettino said of Tuesday 's hearing . "  It is important because this is the only chance I have to tell my version of events . " Asked if he thought the court was sympathetic to him , he said , "  This is the first time I have had a chance to officially address the court personally so this should be the first time they should be judging me . I am confident . " His testimony is expected to continue Wednesday and probably one day next week . The cruise liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea on January 12 , 2012 . No one died on impact , but 32 lives were lost during the subsequent chaotic evacuation of some 4,200 people on board the ship . Chaos on the bridge Schettino was sworn in under a giant sign reading , "  The law is equal for everyone , " in a makeshift courtroom in Grosetto 's red velvet Teatro Moderno . As assistant prosecutor Alessandro Leopizzi questioned Schettino , the captain described a scene of utter chaos on the bridge both before and after the accident . At one point he explained how it was common to invite passengers and guests on the bridge , and said they often tipped him . "  I said there could n't be more than 12 people at a time , " he said . "  And they would bring 20 , 30 , 70 euro a tour . " He acknowledged frequently conducting flyby activities -- deviating from the planned route to go closer to certain places -- with his cruise ship . "  It was favorable from a commercial aspect , " he said . When the prosecutor asked if he had ever done a flyby past Giglio before , he said he could n't remember but might have passed close by . ` Not trying to blame anyone ' Schettino also explained why he chose Giglio on this occasion , telling the court that he thought retired Costa Capt. Mario Palombo was on the island . When the prosecutor asked Schettino why he called Palombo and then why he asked Palombo how deep the coastal waters were , he said he was just making conversation . Schettino recounted how he gave the orders to the helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin of Indonesia , to go off course after using his binoculars to look ahead . When asked if his helmsman caused the accident , he said : "  I 'm not trying to blame anyone . I 'm just trying to explain the circumstances . " The captain has suggested Rusli Bin did not speak English or Italian well enough to understand his orders -- although audiotape played in court Tuesday appeared to contradict that . Pushed as to why he used his binoculars instead of relying on the radar , Schettino said , "  It was my habit to take my binoculars and look first . Not that I did n't trust the radar , but it was how I did it . " He was confident that the ship had enough room for the maneuver , he said . In an audiotape played over the radar from the bridge extracted from the ship 's data recorder , Schettino told his helmsman to turn , "  otherwise we go on the rocks . " Asked why he made that comment , he said he was being ironic . "  A few minutes later , I was told the danger we were in . " Alarm bells Schettino appeared visibly shaken , putting his head in his hands , shortly after radar and audio recordings of the moment of impact were played in court . Bells and alarms rang , and then the recording went offline . The prosecutor asked Schettino about his last words captured on tape . "  But where did we touch ? " the captain asked , to which someone said , "  Oh my dear God . " Schettino also will be cross-examined by a number of civil parties at the court . They include the attorney for a Moldovan dancer who dined with the captain and was with him on the command bridge at the time of the shipwreck . ` Ready to defend his honor ' Before the hearing began , Schettino 's attorney , Domenico Pepe , told CNN his client was ready to tell the truth . "  We have waited a long time to set the record straight , " he said . "  He is ready to defend his honor . " Schettino has repeatedly presented a defiant face over the shipwreck . He has pointed the finger at the Costa cruise company for not providing maps with the rocks he hit appropriately marked . Schettino has also blamed the ship , saying generators did not work so the elevators did not function , which hindered some people 's escape .	Francesco Schettino paints scene of chaos on the bridge at the time of the wreck Schettino : "  This is the only chance I have to tell my version of events " Ship 's captain , on the stand for the first time , denies charges of multiple manslaughter Thirty-two people died after the Costa Concordia hit rocks and capsized off Italy 's coast
Santa Cruz , California  CNN  -- The arrest of Alix Catherine Tichelman in the death of a Google executive has shed a new light on the so-called sugar daddy websites where women are paid , sometimes thousands of dollars a month , by older suitors for their company . Tichelman , 26 , is suspected in the death of Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 , a married father of five who was found dead in November on his 50-foot yacht . On Wednesday , she pleaded not guilty to manslaughter and other charges in a Santa Cruz County , California , court . Her defense asked that she be released on her own recognizance , but a judge said no because he was "  uncertain " that she would return to court . Her family was in the courtroom . The judge also denied a request to reduce her bond , which remains at $ 1.5 million . She went back into custody , and her next court appearance is October 20 . Authorities say Tichelman gave Hayes an injection of heroin and then , as he began to die , she sipped her wine , gathered her belongings and walked away . Prosecutors say the pair met through a site called Seeking Arrangement , which bills itself as "  the leading Sugar Daddy dating site where over 3 million members fuel mutually beneficial relationships on their terms . " And what are those terms ? "  The women who are on the site , or as we call them ` sugar babies , ' are looking for men who can provide financial assistance for them , " said Angela Jacob Bermudo with Seeking Arrangement . "  Aside from that , they 're also looking for men who can help them in terms of mentorship , whether it 's to find their own independence in the professional world or ... with providing life guidance . " CNN talked to one such woman . For sugar baby "  Bella , " that financial assistance comes in the form of an allowance -- $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 a month . "  The way I see the allowance is n't anything more than enriching and empowering my life with something they have a lot of , their wealth , " she said . It 's been a profitable arrangement for college grad Bella , who has managed to cut her college debt in half over the last two years , knocking $ 30,000 off the total . "  I 'm able to live the lifestyle I want without slaving for it , " she said . "  I 'm being taken care of by someone I truly care for and they 're caring for me . " Georgia case reopened after alleged prostitute accused in yacht death What about sex ? Bella , 28 , said she 's only been intimate with two men . "  They only want to date you . It has nothing to do with intimacy per se , " she said . "  They just want good conversation . " Critics say the sugar daddy sites are nothing but fronts for prostitution , one of the crimes Tichelman has been charged with . "  Seeking Arrangement is in no way or form a prostitution or escorting service , " Bermudo said , instead calling it a dating website . "  We provide a quality platform for successful individuals as well as those looking to date a generous partner who is willing to help better their lifestyle . " Complicating matters , the exchange of funds is n't clearly visible and the website profiles do n't necessarily solicit sex . "  I do n't think that makes it legal in California or any other state where prostitution is illegal , " said Mel Robbins , a CNN contributor . "  I just think it just makes it sticky to prosecute . " For the record , Seeking Arrangement does n't say sex is n't involved . "  Just like traditional relationships you do n't sign up and sex is n't part of the arrangement , " Bermudo said . "  Certainly as with any healthy relationship , if both parties do become a little bit more connected and do decide they want to become more intimate , then that 's up to the two consenting adults . " For Bella , there 's a clear distinction between what she 's doing and prostitution . "  An escort gets paid to leave , " she said . "  I get a part of their wealth to see them again ... to give them a smile with a text before they sleep . I get paid to make them happy . " Death of Google executive In the case of Tichelman , authorities say she had an "  ongoing prostitution relationship " with Hayes . Online , Tichelman has boasted of having more than 200 client relationships . Security footage from Hayes ' yacht shows her administer the heroin injection and what happened afterward , as he was dying , police say . "  Rather than provide first aid or call 911 , Ms. Tichelman proceeds to gather her belongings including the heroin and needles , " the police statement reads , adding that Tichelman stepped over Hayes ' body several times . The video also shows Tichelman leaving the boat and then reaching back to lower a blind , concealing the victim 's body from outside view , police say . How heroin kills you Two months before Hayes died , Dean Riopelle , whom Tichelman identified online as her boyfriend , died at his home in Milton , Georgia . Tichelman was there at the time , and she called 911 . The medical examiner ruled Riopelle 's death an accidental overdose from heroin and alcohol . "  At the time , we never thought anything different , " Capt. Shawn McCarty of Milton police said . Now authorities are taking a new look at that death "  to make sure there 's nothing  else  to it , " he said . Tennessee man accused of chopping up woman and eating her remains Many claim to be child of Zodiac Killer ; Louisiana man is only the latest Man charged with murder 23 years after abusing infant daughter CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed from Santa Cruz and Ed Payne wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Doug Gross , Amanda Watts , Vivian Kuo , Augie Martin and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Alix Tichelman , 26 , pleads not guilty and is denied a reduced bond Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 , was found dead on his California yacht in November Hayes and Tichelman met through a "  sugar daddy " website Through these sites , women are paid for the company by older men
CNN  A tense encounter on the road . Gunshots cutting across a neighborhood cul-de-sac in Las Vegas . That 's what ended the life of Tammy Meyers -- the latest face of road rage in America . But there are still a lot of unanswered questions in the case . Here 's a look at some of them : Authorities have identified the alleged gunman as Erich Milton Nowsch Jr. , who was arrested after a tense standoff Thursday . He will face murder and two other felony charges , according to court documents . The other two counts are attempted murder and discharge of a firearm from a vehicle . She 's a 44-year-old mother of four and grandmother of one , described by her husband as "  a beautiful woman " who loved him , "  her kids and ... a lot of other people . " "  She never did anything bad to anybody , " her husband Robert Meyers said . Nor did she put up with nonsense , he added , explaining that "  if she was in the Marines , she would have been a master sergeant . " And , Robert Meyers added , "  She hated bullies . " Giving her 15-year-old daughter a driving lesson . The two went to the parking lot of a nearby school , where the teen got behind the wheel . Then they switched places , with Tammy Meyers driving back home . Yes . And Lt. Ray Steiber , a Las Vegas homicide detective who is heading the investigation into Meyers ' death , suggested this is n't unusual . He notes that Nevada requires first-time drivers "  to log nighttime driver hours " to get their license . "  When I taught my children how to drive , there were certain aspects of driving that they needed to learn , " Steiber said . "  And one of them was driving at night . " Nothing much out of the ordinary at the actual lesson . It 's what happened afterward that 's key . As the mother drove her daughter home , she was still giving her daughter a lesson on how to merge lanes and turn properly on a public roadway , when she spotted a "  vehicle speeding up rapidly behind her , " Steiber said . That vehicle , a sedan , pulled up behind her and then to the side of her . It was then that Meyers ' 15-year-old daughter "  reached over while her mom was driving and honked the horn , " the detective said . "  She was getting a driving lesson , so she figured that this person was speeding and ... needed to be corrected , " said Steiber . "  Right or wrong , she beeped the horn . " That got the other driver 's attention : He pulled in front of the Meyers ' car , stopped , then walked back toward the mother and daughter . He said something to them -- exactly what has n't been stated publicly -- but Meyers and her daughter are n't believed to have responded , according to the detective . Tammy Meyers ' husband told HLN 's Nancy Grace that the man threatened to kill his wife and daughter . She went back home , and told her teenage daughter to go into the house , wake up her brother Brandon and ask him to get into the car . Brandon Meyers , 22 , brought a registered gun with him . Tammy Meyers was scared and upset , Steiber said of the woman 's feelings at the time . She then drove back out of her neighborhood to the scene of the confrontation to see if she could find the man she 'd clashed with , the detective said . Robert Myers said his son and wife were trying to move the car . They did n't want the car to be recognized in front of their home . But the other car , described as a gray or silver sedan , saw them , he said . Robert Meyers texted : "  My wife and son drove away from home , bad guys following . She lost them and upon coming home turned on street , bad guys are right in front . "  After that , bad guys open fire different location . My wife got home , told her son to take cover and after he saw his mom shot he opened fire three times maybe four . " That 's a judgment call and may depend , in part , on what transpired earlier . "  Yes , maybe in a make-up world she should have stayed home . Please remember statement from this animal , ` I 'm going to kill you and your daughter , ' " said Robert Myers . Steiber said only that police do n't think Tammy Meyers did anything wrong criminally . Her husband , who was out of state at the time , has said , "  My wife paid the ultimate price for it because of the mistakes she made . " Las Vegas detectives have given a slightly different version of events than Meyers ' husband , saying the mother drove home to pick up her armed son and went back out to look for the suspect and his car . According to Steiber , "  at one point Mrs. Meyers was following what we consider a suspect vehicle . And then , at another point , they broke apart and Mrs. Meyers went home . " The detective said that the second encounter happened at least 5 minutes after Meyers went home the first time and everything unfolded "  within a couple blocks " of each other . She and her son got out of her car . Then , a sedan pulled into her cul-de-sac from which someone started firing . Meyers ' son , Brandon , shot back , Steiber said . The car with the shooter then backed out and drove away . It was then that Brandon Meyers discovered "  his mother , who was standing off to the side and behind him , had been struck by gunfire , " Steiber said . It 's right after that , at 11:22 p.m. , that relatives and neighbors first alerted police . No one is denying that Brandon Meyers used his gun . Still , Steiber said that police believe a bullet from the sedan driver 's gun -- not that of her son -- killed Tammy Meyers . As the standoff unfolded Thursday , the victim 's husband approached reporters . "  Are you all happy ? You made my wife look like an animal ... and my son . There 's the animal , a block away . Are you happy ? " Robert Meyers said , obviously agitated . Speaking at a vigil Tuesday , he said "  There were mistakes . ... But this particular mistake was made to keep a bigger mistake from happening . " "  My son is not an animal , " Robert Meyers said . "  My son is a hero in my book . " The 22-year-old says he was just trying to protect his family . "  Everyone can think what they have to think , " Brandon Meyers said . "  I did it for a reason , and I 'd do it for anyone I loved . " Road rage : Cameras and guns only add to the problem They 're hurting . A week after the shooting , Tammy Meyers still had n't been buried . But loved ones did hold the candlelight vigil , one that Robert Meyers said was meant "  to show my respects to my wife and to let her kids get some of this grief off  their chests  and heal . " "  It 's going to take a lot more than this to do it , " he added . Yes . Robert Meyers alluded to such criticism -- specifically related to the difference between the family 's initial accounts and the timeline later related by police -- in a Facebook post . "  I was told one version of what happened to my wife ... and I never said anything different than  what I was  told , " he wrote late Wednesday night . "  If all of you people ... think I was a fraud and lied about facts , I 'm truly sorry . " In the same Facebook post , Meyers said all money raised for the family via GoFundMe -- an account that Meyers said a friend started -- will be returned . The related GoFundMe page has been shut down . But Robert Meyers told reporters that his family knew the accused gunman . "  We know this boy . He knew where I lived , " he said . Calling it an "  open and ongoing investigation , " Steiber said authorities are still piecing together exactly what happened and who is responsible . Police are using video and other evidence to try and get "  an accurate timeline and an accurate depiction of what occurred , " Steiber said . "  That takes time . " The detective did say that authorities do n't have any reason to believe that this incident is tied to anything else . Police believe it was "  an isolated incident involving road rage that ended in a tragic murder , " he said . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Erich Milton Nowsch faces three felony charges , including murder Victim 's husband says the suspect man threatened to kill his wife and daughter
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- "  Slumdog Millionaire " leaves audiences uplifted . But that is hardly how one of its child stars felt on Thursday . Indian authorities demolished the home of "  Slumdog Millionaire " child actor Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail . Despite the hit movie 's mega-millions in box-office receipts , Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail 's life changed little after he returned home to Mumbai , India 's , Garib Nagar , or city of the poor . On Thursday , even the roof over the real-life slum dweller 's head was taken away as Indian authorities tore down the shanty where Ismail 's family lived . Authorities said the home and about 20 others around it were illegally built . Senior Inspector Rahim Sheikh told CNN that the shanties were brought down as part of a municipal drive to clear encroachments on public land . Bulldozers leveled the slum built on a municipal garden , said Sheikh , who is in charge of the locality in Mumbai where Ismail lived . The little boy sat among twisted corrugated metal and other debris , surrounded by filth and squalor . Memories of Hollywood 's glitz and glitter were distant as tears streamed down his face . He said his family was given no notice of the demolition and did not have time to remove their belongings . But , they said , they plan to return and rebuild . Watch ` Slumdog ' actor 's home razed . " "  Slumdog Millionaire " is the story of Jamal , an impoverished , uneducated teen who competes on an Indian game show . Ismail , who played a young Jamal 's brother , Salim , traveled to Los Angeles , California , in February for this year 's Academy Awards , where the movie won eight Oscars , including best picture . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this story .	Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail 's home is in Garib Nagar , or city of the poor Indian authorities say the home , 20 others , were illegally built Family says they got no notice , plan to rebuild
Beijing  CNN  -- For hours , China 's micro-blogging community was abuzz with anxious tweets : an important announcement would be released at 6:30 or 7 p.m. on the official China Central Television  CCTV  . The news release , sources said , would be about the latest development on Bo Xilai , the popular but controversial official who last month was sacked as Communist Party chief of Chongqing , China 's biggest metropolis . The 7 p.m. bulletin passed and there was no news release on Bo . Tune in at 10 p.m. , sources advised . 10 p.m. passed and still no news on Bo . Finally , at 11 p.m. , China 's mainstream official Xinhua new agency announced that Bo had been stripped of his top Communist Party posts for an unspecified "  serious breach of  Communist Party  discipline . " The terse news item identified Bo as "  Comrade Bo Xilai , " signaling that he has not been expelled from the party , but said Bo is still under intra-party investigation . The other news was just as shocking . Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , and family aide Zhang Xiaojun have been arrested in connection with the mysterious death of British businessman Neil Heywood . Bo 's wife and Heywood , the Xinhua report said , were on good terms but "  they had conflict over economic interests . " Chinese official 's wife arrested in Briton 's death The death of the British businessman , who was found in his hotel room in Chongqing on November 15 last year , has emerged as a key link in an unfolding story of intrigue and suspicion . Heywood 's death was originally blamed on alcohol poisoning or heart attack , but the case was reopened after reports of possible foul play emerged . The British government sought a new investigation . Asked if there were updates on the re-investigation of Heywood 's death , foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin replied : "  As regards the case of death of the British national Neil Heywood , the relevant information has been publicized and the case has entered the legal process . The justice department will handle it according to law . " Liu said a Chinese foreign ministry official Tuesday night separately briefed officials of the British and U.S. embassies in Beijing . The April 10 announcement may mark the end of Bo 's political career , experts say , but not the end of the biggest political crisis to hit the Communist Party in more than two decades . Bo 's dismissal has triggered political in-fighting in the Communist Party ahead of the once-in-a decade political transition in autumn this year . China 's leaders are keen to project an image of unity and harmony in the leadership . So why the delay in official reports ? Hours before the news release Tuesday , Chinese sources say , Communist Party officials , from the top tiers of leadership down , were told of the impending news in closed-door briefings . "  Officials decided to tell more people in the grassroots and that process took longer , " says a Chinese source . "  The announcement is meant to curb rumors and speculations . " Bo 's problems began when he fell out with Chongqing police chief , Wang Lijun , who sought refuge briefly in the U.S. consulate in Chengdu in February . In a commentary published Wednesday , official newspaper The Global Times wrote : "  The past two months , there have been a lot of various rumors , but if we look at the whole process , the handling of the unexpected case of Wang Lijun shows that China has strong predictability . It can not be easily disrupted by some accident or uncertainty . " Still , the commentary can not hide the sense of anxiety among officials in charge of news in the mainstream media . Hours before the news on Bo was read by CCTV announcers , producers at the network received by mobile text messaging an urgent notice : "  All producers and section chiefs must inform all staff , including freelancers , before 10 p.m. tonight : no one should use weibo and other Internet tools to forward any untruthful statements . Whether or not they were sent by real-name or anonymous bloggers . This is about news discipline ! Please strictly and seriously abide . "	Bo Xilai stripped of Communist Party posts for unspecified "  serious breach of  Communist Party  discipline " Popular but controversial official was sacked last month as Communist Party chief of Chongqing His wife , Gu Kailai , and a family aide arrested in connection with mysterious death of British businessman Bo 's dismissal has triggered political in-fighting in the Communist Party ahead of political transition
San Diego  CNN  -- Immigration groups , Obama surrogates , the media and the Democratic Party have a message for Latino voters , who some say could swing the election because they are heavily represented in four battleground states -- Colorado , Nevada , Florida and New Mexico . Here 's the message : Vice presidential hopeful Paul Ryan is anti-Latino , and his immigration views are simplistic , intolerant and punitive . Really ? Someone should tell that to the anti-immigrant group NumbersUSA , which advocates not only an end to illegal immigration  and there is nothing wrong with that  but also a dramatic reduction in legal immigration to pre-1965 levels  there is a lot wrong with that  . It is the views of groups such as this -- which sadly have a lot of influence on the Republican Party -- that can genuinely be called simplistic , intolerant and punitive . So why does NumbersUSA list Ryan 's "  career grade " in Congress as a "  C " ? Ryan 's grade puts him in the bottom 10 % of all current Republican members of Congress , according to Roy Beck , the group 's founder and CEO . The nicest thing that Beck could find to say about Ryan after the congressman from Wisconsin joined the GOP ticket was that Ryan "  does n't seem to have put a lot of thought into immigration policy and does n't seem to have deep ideological reasons for his poor immigration record . " Wow . That 's a ringing endorsement , is n't it ? If someone like Beck thinks you have a "  poor " record on immigration , it means you have both a heart and a brain . Specifically , Beck is miffed at the Wisconsin Republican for not signing onto enough immigration enforcement bills and for co-sponsoring -- over the last 10 years -- various "  amnesties to give illegal aliens a path to citizenship . " Sure enough . Ryan 's record bears out he has over the years co-sponsored or voted for a number of bills that would have given legal status to illegal immigrants . Beck tries to look on what he considers the bright side by suggesting that Ryan might be going nativist because lately he has n't sponsored "  any bills that would reward illegal aliens or increase legal foreign workers " and because Ryan 's website "  takes a fairly strong stand against amnesties . " He also likes it that Ryan opposes the DREAM Act , which would have given legal status to illegal immigrants who attend college or join the military , but he wishes that Ryan had n't expressed "  sympathy " for the young people who stand to benefit from such a proposal . As Beck sees it , much of the problem with Ryan on immigration is that he hangs out with a bad crowd . In the early 1990s , Ryan worked for Empower America , a Washington-based think tank run by William Bennett , a former U.S. education secretary and current CNN contributor , and Jack Kemp , the former congressman and U.S. housing secretary . Both Bennett and Kemp had pro-immigration views and warned fellow Republicans not to get on the wrong side of demographics by alienating Hispanic voters . That 's the message that Bennett and Kemp took to California in 1994 where -- along with their friend , conservative columnist Linda Chavez -- they angered fellow Republicans by taking a public stand against Proposition 187 , a dreadful ballot initiative that threatened to cut off education , welfare and nonemergency health care to illegal immigrants . The picture that emerges is that Ryan 's views on immigration are complicated and hard to pin down . He wants to secure the borders , but he has in the past voted for proposals that would have given select groups of illegal immigrants who are already here -- such as agricultural workers -- a pathway to earned legal status . He also supports using temporary guest workers to offset labor shortages in some industries . In short , in a party where the loudest voices on immigration seem to belong to those with the most infantile views  See : Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , who in 2006 suggested fortifying the U.S.-Mexico border with electrical wire because "  we do this all the time with livestock "  , Ryan seems to be a grown-up and a pragmatist . For instance , his support for guest workers suggests he understands there are jobs that Americans wo n't do and must be done by foreign workers . Also , while he is against illegal immigration , there is n't much evidence of him demeaning or demonizing the immigrants themselves . This is not good news for Democrats who would dearly love to paint Ryan as anti-immigrant and anti-Latino . Say , are they sure they 're not talking about President Barack Obama ? His record on immigration is atrocious , capped off by a staggering 1.5 million deportations , the dividing of hundreds of thousands of families , the placement of thousands of U.S.-born children in foster care once their parents have been deported , and one falsehood after another intended to obscure all this . With such a record , it 's hard to trust the administration and believe it is suddenly trying to do the right thing with the election-year giveaway of deferred action for so-called "  DREAM-ers " -- young illegal immigrants who would have benefited from the DREAM Act . In contrast , Ryan has n't done anything wrong or been in a position to make bad policy . All he seems to be guilty of is being affiliated with a party that has a poor record on immigration . Now that could change in the days to come as he moves closer to Mitt Romney on immigration . We 'll see . But , at the moment , he 's not trying to deport anyone . All he wants to do is help evict someone -- the current occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Ryan needs to clarify his immigration views . And if it turns out they 're complicated and unpredictable and nuanced and do n't look as if they came out of a cookie cutter , then all the better . Most Americans feel the same way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Democrats paint Paul Ryan as down on immigration , but he 's complicated He says nativist group gave Ryan "  C " on record ; he 's voted for laws giving some legal status He says Ryan seems to see use of letting temporary workers stay for agricultural work , etc. . Navarrette : He may edge toward stricter views for campaign , but his votes so far show nuance
BARCELONA , Spain  CNN  -- Google launched the latest salvo in the cellphone wars Tuesday with the unveiling of the newest handset to carry its Android platform . Google 's Android platform goes head to head with Apple 's iPhone . Unveiled at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Vodafone 's HTC Magic smartphone will make its European bow in the UK , Spain , France and Germany in the coming months . In Italy it will be available under a non-exclusive contract . The Google-run handsets are regarded as the chief rivals to Apple 's iPhones in the battle for the next generation of mobile devices . Google 's latest foray into the cell phone market is seen by many as the beginnings of the Internet giant 's attempts to dominate the industry . Some have expressed concerns that cell phone manufacturers , network operators and users will have little control over what data Google will be able to utilise from its software . Among critics is the LiMo Foundation , representing Linux-based operating system LiMo , which has launched its own cell phone platform , according to Congress organizer Groupe Speciale Mobile Association 's daily newsletter . "  A lot of operators still harbor some questions over whether they will have the control over services and how much of the data that is going out and coming from a Google device goes to Google and how much to you -LSB- the operator -RSB- , " LiMo 's Andrew Shikiar told Mobile Business Briefing . Users of both the Apple and Google models can download applications developed by third-parties from open-source software , potentially giving them the capability of small handheld computers . The first Android-capable handset , the G1 , was launched last year . It partnered with T-Mobile for its UK launch , its first foray into the European market . The HTC Magic includes a 3.2-inch QVGA touch screen display , navigational buttons and a trackball . It also comes with several Google applications including Google Mail , Google Maps and Google Search as well as YouTube , which is owned by Google . Andy Rubin , Senior Director of Mobile Platforms at Google , said that the launch of the HTC Magic was an important step for Android . "  With it , Vodafone is opening up the mobile web for consumers across Europe and giving more third-party developers a platform on which they can build the next wave of killer applications , " Rubin said . CNN 's Adrian Finighan , who is at the congress , said that as an iPhone user he had spent much of his time at this year 's event looking for something to rival his device . "  The Magic is , well , magic ! I think I 've found it . It really is the first device that I could consider swapping my beloved Apple device for . "	Vodafone 's HTC Magic handset will launch in western Europe in the next few months The first Android-capable handset , T-Mobile 's G1 , was launched last year New device includes a 3.2-inch touch screen display , navigational buttons , trackball
CNN  -- Not only is Tetsuya Kumakawa the greatest ever Japanese ballet dancer , he is one of the best the world has ever seen . His athletic grace has won him fans wherever he has performed , and his dedication to the art continues to bring ballet to new audiences . Capable of soaring leaps and flawless turns , Tetsuya "  Teddy " Kumakawa has thrilled audiences the world over . Founded in 1998 , his K-Ballet company has built on the success he acheived at the Royal Ballet in Covent Garden , London . Born in Sapporo on Hokkaido -- Japan 's North Island -- in 1972 , Kumakawa took up ballet after seeing his eight year-old cousin , Hironao perform at school in Sapporo . Like any 10 year old boy , his new hobby had to compete with other activities -- he also enjoyed kendo , baseball and drawing -- but it was ballet that he really fell in love with . From a young age Kumakawa had been keen to see the world and the arrival of foreign guest tutors at his school only reinforced those desires . But it was Swiss ballet teacher Hans Meister 's visit to Hokkaido that proved to be a turning point in Kumakawa 's nascent career . Meister encouraged him to travel and recommended that he attend the Royal Ballet School  RBS  in London or the Canadian National Ballet School . Kumakawa was just 15 years old when he left home to take up a place at the RBS . Less than two years later , in January 1989 , he won both the Gold Medal and the newly established Prince Takamado Prize at the prestigious Prix de Lausanne in Switzerland . He was without question the star of the competition , producing soaring leaps in a performance from ` Don Quixote ' . In the spring of 1989 he turned professional , becoming the first Asian dancer to join the Royal Ballet Company  RBC  -- his first solo part was the leading mandolin player in "  Romeo and Juliet . " In June he won the Classical Ballet Prize at the Eurovision Young Dancer of the Year competition held in Paris . Kumakawa experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks of the RBC . He quickly became a Soloist , dancing the Act 1 pas de trois in Tchaikovsky 's ` Swan Lake ' and completed a memorable performance as the Bronze Idol in La Bayadre -- a cameo role that showcased his extraordinary jumping ability . The following season he was chosen for the role of the Fool in the premiere of Kenneth Macmillan 's ` The Prince and the Pagodas ' . In 1991 he was promoted to First Soloist and was a Principal dancer by 1993 . So developed a mutual love affair between Kumakawa , his new fans and his adoptive city . "  I was so pleased to participate in British culture , " he told The Japan Times in 2004 . By the age of 26 ` Teddy ' , as he had become known to his friends in the UK -- ` kuma ' means ` bear ' in Japanese -- had danced the full repertoire of classical and modern roles at the RBC . The man who had wowed London audiences with his acrobatic jumps and audacious turns was about to leap into a new chapter of his life . In 1998 he left the Royal Ballet to found his own company -- the K-Ballet -- back home in Tokyo . It was a highly controversial move at the time . Not only had he upped sticks in the middle of a season , he also took five of the Royal Ballet 's star male performers with him to Japan . The British Press and the ballet fraternity were not impressed . Greeted as a returning hero in his native country , Kumakawa took on the roles of leading dancer , teacher , artistic director and company manager simultaneously . But despite the formidable workload and responsibility the new K-Ballet flourished , fostering a wider interest in Japanese ballet . In 2004 , Kumakawa established the K-Ballet School . The same year , the K-Ballet became the first Japanese ballet company to perform at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York . A career-threatening knee injury , suffered whilst on a K-Ballet tour of Japan in May 2007 has temporarily sidelined Kumakawa from performing . But he expects to be back on stage next year , delighting audiences with virtuoso performances once again . In the meantime , Kumakawa -- who continues to enjoy pop star status in Japan -- continues to pass on his expertise to a new generation of dancers . E-mail to a friend	The greatest Japanese dancer is known as "  Teddy " to friends and fans Experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks at the Royal Ballet , London Controversially left the Covent Garden stage to form his own company
Hartford , Connecticut  CNN  -- If you have a TV you have heard , or heard of , vuvuzelas . They 're the cheap plastic horns played by tens of thousands of spectators in World Cup soccer stadiums in South Africa and buzzing like so many unswattable mosquitoes in the ear of an irate camper . To hear most viewers tell it , "  vuvuzela " -- like "  abattoir " -- is a beautiful word for an ugly thing . The horns drone for the entire 90 minutes of every game , and that is the perfect word for what they do : drone , like the male bee that does no work -- idling pointlessly , unproductively , infuriatingly , to no end . Or so say the multitudes that now watch the games with the sound muted . I 've tried muting the TV . The vuvuzelas still ring in my ear long after the sound is turned off and even after the game has ended . The world of sports has given us swimmer 's ear , tennis elbow and athlete 's foot . Here , at last , is an affliction named for the spectator at home : couch potato 's tinnitus , turning every World Cup fan into a Metallica roadie . There is no clear etymology for the word vuvuzela , but my guess is it derives from the Latin "  vuvu "  blood  and "  zela "  issuing from both ears  . The buzz it has created for the World Cup is not the kind FIFA intended . TV viewers and newspaper writers this week have demanded that vuvuzelas be banished from South African stadiums for the monthlong tournament . They argue that the horns drown out singing and chanting , the traditional soundtrack for soccer . To read the editorials , you 'd think that the Vienna Boys Choir has been serenading Manchester United and Liverpool when they play each other in the English Premier League . I 've been to plenty of English , European and World Cup matches . Many of the songs and chants now being drowned out by the vuvuzelas are in far worse taste than the plastic horns . Trust me . They make the vuvuzela sound like Louis Armstrong playing Gabriel 's trumpet on a cloud in heaven . Perhaps it 's the Stockholm Syndrome , but I 've grown to like the vuvuzela , for any number of reasons . With the 2010 World Cup , the vuvuzela joins the ticking stopwatch on "  60 Minutes " and the piercing signal of the Emergency Broadcast System in the pantheon of nonmusical sounds that instantly tell you what is on TV even before you 've entered the room . It denies us tranquility , sure , but the vuvuzela is a little bit like tranquility : a beautiful word for a beautiful thing . Long after the World Cup final is played on July 11 , the sound of the vuvuzela will remain instantly evocative of South Africa -- as the didjeridoo is to Australia , the bagpipe is to Scotland or the car horn is to New York City . And even if I did n't like the vuvuzela , I would keep my objections to myself . It is n't polite to tell another country how to watch a soccer match . The sound that issues from the vuvuzela is cacophonous -- joyful and infuriating at the same time . It calls to mind mosquitoes on a continent tragically ravaged by those malaria-bearing insects . For better and worse , the vuvuzela is the sound of South Africa . As Charlie "  Bird " Parker said : "  If you do n't live it , it wo n't come out your horn . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Rushin .	Steve Rushin says buzzing at World Cup is vuvuzelas , horns played by South African fans They drive people crazy , he says ; even muting TV wo n't take the sound out of your ears But raucous chants at most soccer matches are not exactly music either , he says Rushin : Vuvuzela may by infuriating , but it 's also joyful and is the sound of South Africa
CNN  -- The two people who died and the 19 others who fell ill at a central Arizona resort after spending time in a sauna-like "  sweatbox " were attending a program by self-help expert James Arthur Ray , authorities said Saturday . Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this "  sweatbox " at an Arizona resort . The dead were identified as James Shore of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and Kirby Brown of Westtown , New York , Sheriff Lloyd Waugh told reporters . They were among the 50 or so visitors at the Angel Valley Resort near Sedona attending Ray 's "  Spiritual Warrior " program . Nineteen others were treated for injuries sustained in the sweatbox , a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets . Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment . Waugh said investigators are looking into evidence that "  may turn this into a criminal prosecution . " Investigators are looking into similar events held previously in other locations by Ray , who refused to speak with officers at the scene , Waugh said . A follow-up interview is expected to happen . Ray 's publicist , Howard Bragman , did not immediately return calls from CNN on Saturday . Ray posted a noted late Friday on his Twitter page , saying : "  I 'm shocked & saddened by the tragedy occurring in Sedona . My deep heartfelt condolences to family & friends of those who lost their lives . " On Saturday he posted another message , saying he 's "  spending the weekend in prayer and meditation for all involved in this difficult time ; and I ask you to join me in doing the same . " The self-help guru is widely known for his programs that claim to teach individuals to create wealth through all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically and spiritually . Ray , whose company is based in Carlsbad , California , has appeared on a variety of national programs , including CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " In that appearance , Ray was about to address 3,000 people in Phoenix , Arizona . Asked what he thinks about critics of his teachings , Ray told King : "  Well , you know , it 's interesting , Larry , because any time a new idea comes to the fore , it goes through three phases . It 's first ridiculed . Then it 's violently opposed . And then it 's finally accepted as self-evident , normally after the opposition dies . " Angel Valley Resort advertises itself as "  a place to relax and heal ... where powerful earth energies are present and active . " It was founded in April 2002 by Michael and Amayra Hamilton , both of whom are teachers and counselors there . The resort is on 70 secluded valley acres 20 minutes from Sedona , surrounded by thousands of acres of national forest , according to the Web site . It has Internal Revenue Service nonprofit status as a religious organization , its Web site says . "  There are twenty marked vortexes and angel sites to experience connection with Earth and spirit , deep relaxation , and balancing , " an online brochure says . "  Angel Valley offers two labyrinths and an Angel Wheel for going inward , finding answers and getting insights . " No information about the sweat lodge could be found on the Web site Saturday morning , and numerous internal links were not functioning . The use of sweat lodges for spiritual and physical cleansing is a part of several Native American tribes ' cultures . A traditional Native American sweat lodge is a small dome-like structure made up of willow branches carefully tied together and covered in canvas . Rocks are heated in a nearby fire pit and placed inside the lodge , and water is poured over them to create steam . "  We are curious to find out what happened there , " Richard Moreno , a member of Pira Manso Pueblo tribe , told KPHO-TV . "  I 've been participating in the sweat lodge since the age of 3 and I 've never recalled being sick from being in the sweat lodge . " Moreno told the station he has never been to a lodge that held more than 20 people . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Illnesses occur during event led by author James Arthur Ray , reports say NEW : Evidence "  may turn this into a criminal prosecution , " sheriff says About 50 people had spent up to two hours inside the "  sweatbox , " officials said Resort is nonprofit religious organization , Web site says
CNN  -- Egyptian security forces have arrested a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman as they continue to round up high-profile members of the organization . Gehad El-Haddad , a frequent guest on Western media , was arrested Tuesday afternoon at an apartment in a Cairo suburb , Egypt 's state-run newspaper Al-Ahram reported . He was accused of inciting violence and murder . El-Haddad was active on social media , notifying supporters of rallies . Egypt has been in turmoil since the military ousted President Mohamed Morsy in July . The military and Morsy opponents have battled Muslim Brotherhood members . Morsy led the political arm of the group . In August , hundreds of people -- citizens as well as members of security forces -- were killed . Many of the deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo . Violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations a few days later . CNN 's Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report	The Egyptian military ousted President Mohamed Morsy in July The country has been in turmoil ever since Security forces are arresting high-profile members of the Muslim Brotherhood
