Greenville , South Carolina  CNN  -- Lana Kuykendall -- the South Carolina woman infected with flesh-eating bacteria shortly after giving birth to twins more than two months ago -- will go home soon , possibly as early as Tuesday , doctors said Monday . "  She 'll be heading home this week , " said Dr. Spence Taylor , vice president for academics at Greenville Hospital System . "  She 's making a great recovery . " Kuykendall , who clasped hands with her husband , Darren , as she spoke to CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen , said her recovery has had ups and downs . "  I 've had my moments where I 've had myself a good cry , but then you just go on , " she told CNN . Darren Kuykendall said family and friends have been caring for the twins , named Ian and Abigail . Dr. Kevin Kopera , medical director for Roger C. Peace Rehabilitation Hospital , said Lana Kuykendall wanted an aggressive rehabilitation approach . "  That meant three hours of therapy a day at the minimum , " he said . "  I initially thought she would be with us for four to six weeks and she 's leaving on day 26  Tuesday  . It took a lot of blood , sweat and tears -- literally . " Lana Kuykendall , wearing a blue T-shirt that read "  FAITH HOPE LANA , " said the day after getting the babies home from the hospital she noticed what looked like a bruise on her leg . When Kuykendall , a nurse and paramedic , inspected it closer she thought it might be a blood clot , and she had her husband , a firefighter and EMT , take her to the hospital . "  Fortunately she had the good sense to notice this was more serious than usual , " said epidemiologist Dr. Bill Kelly . Doctors there outlined the spot with a pen and saw the discolored area move . They took her to surgery , while one of the doctors told Darren Kuykendall how serious her condition actually was . Flesh-eating bacteria explained Lana Kuykendall said she does n't dwell on why this happened to her . A friend of the Kuykendalls ' had a similar case in 2007 . That showed her it is an opportunistic disease , she said . "  There 's no point in asking , ` Why me ? ' " she told CNN . "  It just happens . " She still faces months of in-home and then outpatient rehab , Kopera said . Kuykendall was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis on May 11 , four days after giving birth , and taken to Greenville Memorial Hospital . She has undergone more than 20 surgical procedures , including skin grafts and reconstructive surgery . But she did not require any amputations , as recently occurred in the case of 24-year-old Aimee Copeland of Georgia , who lost her hands , a leg and a foot as a result of the infection . Family readies home for Aimee Copeland 's return A number of bacteria , which are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections , can lead to the disease . When the bacteria get into the bloodstream -- such as through a cut -- doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . The disease attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal in about 20 % of cases , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . According to Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise because doctors are n't required to report the cases to health authorities . Advocate : Story of rare bacterial infection raising awareness CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .	Mom gave birth to twins , then was infected by flesh-eating bacteria Lana Kuykendall has been in hospital for just over two months Doctor says she 's made a strong recovery Kuykendall has undergone more than 20 surgeries
CNN  -- The European Union Court of Justice has ruled that working fathers in Spain have the same right to breastfeeding leave as do moms . Thursday 's ruling grants Spanish dads the same rights as the mother of their child to leave work up to twice a day for a total of an hour or to shorten their workday by 30 minutes for the first nine months of the baby 's life . The court called the law "  an unjustified discrimination on grounds of sex " that fathers were n't granted breastfeeding leave in the same instances as women were . The statute , challenged by Pedro Manuel Roca Alvarez , did n't allow dads to take the same leave afforded to women if the mother of their children did n't work or were self-employed . The law was "  liable to perpetuate a traditional distribution of the roles of men and women by keeping men in a role subsidiary to that of women in relation to the exercise of their parental duties . "	The Spanish law allows parents to shorten their workday for breastfeeding leave The leave can be up to twice a day for a total of an hour or shorten the day by 30 minutes
CNN  -- A series of bombings killed dozens and left more than 100 wounded in northern Iraq on Wednesday in violence that seemed targeted at Kurdish government officials . Death tolls and details varied about the attacks in Kirkuk . Police said the attacks , including a suicide bombing near the offices of the Kurdistan Democratic Party , left 27 dead and more than 100 wounded . Read more : Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists But local health officials said 50 were killed in attacks in the oil-rich city . At least one of the attacks was aimed at the Kurdistan Democratic Party , police said . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Also Wednesday , three people were killed and 15 wounded in a car bomb attack at the offices of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan in Tuz Khurmato , 90 kilometers  56 miles  south of Kirkuk . Read more : Dozens killed in attacks in Iraq Tuz Khurmato , a mixed town of Arab , Kurds and Turkemn , is disputed between the central government and Iraq ' semiautonomous Kurdistan region . The oil-rich Kirkuk , about 20 kilometers north of Baghdad , has been the scene of tensions recently . It is also one of the disputed areas in the country between the central government and Kurdistan regional government . At the end of last year , relations between Prime Minister Nuri al-Malik 's government and the Iraqi Kurds seemed to deteriorate further . The Iraqi central government and the Kurdistan regional government have been at odds for years over who has final authority over Iraq 's vast oil wealth . In November , Iraqi Kurdistan deployed troops and tanks to cement the Kurds ' claim over the strategic city . This launched a tense standoff with units of the Iraqi army , which had been deployed to areas near Kirkuk . In other incidents , five people died in mostly Shiite areas of Baghdad on Wednesday . Much of the violence targeted police officers . Gunmen shot dead three on patrol in the Shiite neighborhood of Shaab before setting their vehicle alight . An additional 10 people were wounded elsewhere in Baghdad in roadside bomb attacks . A mother and daughter were fatally shot when gunmen stormed their house in a Shiite neighborhood .	NEW : Violence in Baghdad targets police officers , kills mother and daughter More than 100 are wounded There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Another attack hits south of Kirkuk
CNN  -- As the two Australian miners lay trapped in a space less than 5 feet square and 3,000 feet below the surface , they discovered common ground in American country singer Kenny Rogers . "  I 'm more rock and roll , he 's more country , but we both knew ` The Gambler , ' by Kenny Rogers , " Brant Webb said of Todd Russell , who spent 14 days trapped with Webb in the Beaconsfield gold mine in northern Tasmania in 2006 . The two sang to pass the time , shared their life stories and told jokes after a 2.2-magnitude earthquake triggered an underground rock fall , trapping them in darkness . They could not sit or stand . They were so cramped , one had to lie on his side if the other lay on his back . Five days into their captivity , rescuers located them and established a phone line . The men were kept abreast of rescue efforts and were given counseling throughout the ordeal . Rescuers also passed them food , water and iPods . But it would take another nine days for them to be extricated from the dank hole that Webb , at times , thought might become his grave . He never let the idea knock around his mind for too long , choosing to cling to hope that he would live to see his wife and two children . It 's the same advice he has for 33 Chilean miners facing the prospect of remaining trapped 2,300 feet below ground for several months . "  They 've got to keep their heads together and hope alive , " Webb said in a telephone interview from his home in Beauty Point , Tasmania . "  They 've got air , they 've got food and water ; they 'll get them out of there eventually . " The miners have been trapped in the San Jose copper and gold mine in northern Chile since its roof collapsed on August 5 . Rescuers took 17 days to locate them , during which the men rationed small amounts of tuna and mackerel to survive . Rescuers were eventually able to send supplies through a 4-inch pipe . On Friday , the miners were informed that it could take another three to four months to get them out . The miners and their families will face stresses that could continue once the men are freed , experts and those who have survived similar ordeals say . Chilean authorities have sought guidance from NASA and other institutions in the United States on how to help the miners cope with their environment on physical , mental and logistical levels . The most common comparison in academia to their situation and others like it is space travel . Astronauts and cosmonauts spend weeks or months in enclosed spaces cut off from society and loved ones , although to a lesser extent these days with the advancement of telecommunications . "  There is a dialogue going on between Chile 's Ministry of Health and NASA , where we have a great deal of experience regarding medical , nutritional and behavioral issues related to space travel , " State Department Spokesman P.J. Crowley said Thursday . " -LSB- We -RSB- are providing that perspective to Chile , so that it can develop a program for helping to sustain these miners . " In addition to maintaining nutritional and hygienic needs , the men will need to develop a routine that resembles a normal life , down to mealtimes , showers and light to mimic daytime , said Joseph Barbera , co-director of the Institute for Crisis , Disaster , and Risk Management at George Washington University . "  A large part of maintaining their mental well-being is allowing them to have a sense of control over the situation . That 's part of the reason why you want to develop a routine , " said Barbera , who is also a member of the Fairfax County Urban Search & Rescue Task Force in Virginia , which has offered assistance to the Chilean government through the Office of U.S. Foreign Disaster Assistance . The Chilean miners are already adopting various roles to help them through their ordeal and give structure to their existence . A shift leader is fulfilling a leadership role and another man with nursing experience is carrying out basic medical and psychological tests . Maintenance mechanics helped organize the space . The men have split into two shifts so half can rest while the others keep busy doing tasks , exercising or playing card games or dominoes . Stretchers that were stored in the rescue cabin are being used as beds . They hold daily meetings and make decisions by consensus , according to a video the men sent to the surface Thursday . Barbera , along with Webb and others who have shared the harrowing experience of being trapped in isolation , agreed that one asset the Chilean miners have is space . Portions of a 131-foot-long  40-meter  shaft are being used as a latrine . The shaft is connected to the main 538-square-foot  50-square-meter  cabin , which is being used for sleeping , washing and praying . " -LSB- The space -RSB- makes a significant difference , because it 's not so cramped that they ca n't stretch out . It sounds like they 'll have enough space to move around and potentially have some personal space and privacy , " Barbera said . "  The big downside is length of time , as far as how long it 'll take to get them out , " he said . "  If they can maintain their psyche and develop a regular routine to stay psychologically fit , hopefully , they 'll make it . But this situation has no precedent . " Like the Chileans , who have asked for playing cards and religious figures to create a shrine , the Australian miners also received items to pass the time , including magazines , iPods , toothbrushes and clothes . When food first began to come , however , in the form of sweets , the rush of sugar overwhelmed their systems , making the situation even more unpleasant , Webb said . "  That was definitely a low point , " Webb said , laughing . Maintaining contact with people on the surface , especially loved ones , will help the Chilean miners , he said . "  That was a big stumbling block , thinking that if anything did happen I never coulda said , ' I love my wife , ' " Webb said . The Chilean workers sent a video message to their families Thursday in which they expressed thanks for the efforts under way to free them and assured them they were OK . Nine coal miners trapped in southwestern Pennsylvania in 2002 wrote notes to their loved ones as water inched within 70 feet of where they sat huddled . The letters were sealed in a bucket to be found with their bodies , said Mary Pugh , whose son , Robert Pugh , was one of the men known now as the "  Quecreek 9 . " All were rescued . She has never seen her son 's letter , nor does she want to . "  It was just so sad , such a sad time . I do n't want to hear the story again unless my son wants to tell me , " said Pugh , a lifelong resident of Somerset County , Pennsylvania . Her father , husband and brothers have all spent time in the mines . For nearly five days in July 2002 , Pugh awaited news at the Sipesville Fire Hall , surrounded by children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren , as well as the families of the eight other miners . Together , they rode out the ups and downs of the rescue effort with support from the community . "  It was crowded , food galore . They kept bringing the breakfasts , lunches , dinners , we did n't have to cook all weekend , " she said . "  But we always came home to sleep because it was so crowded . Not that we actually slept . " The first few days that her husband and son-in-law were trapped , Denise Foy could not bring herself to sleep or eat . "  I thought that if he 's not going to eat , I 'm not going to eat , " she said . "  But I worried more for my daughter than for me because her husband was down there , too . She was really taking it hard . To have your father and husband in there , it was a lot worse for her because those were the two main men in her life . " Most of the Quecreek 9 declined to speak to CNN about the incident . But Thomas Foy said the key to their survival was simple : "  stick together , keep warm and stay alive . " "  We went through hell the first time , trying to escape . We were swimming through water up to our chins . We tried three different entries , but were n't nothing we could do . They were all full . But when we heard them drilling we knew it was just gon na take time . We were n't about to give up . " Words were scarce as the men sat in darkness more than 200 feet below ground , soaking wet and huddled together for body heat , Foy said . "  Was n't too many things to talk about ; about how long it 's gon na take , but we really did n't know . We just sat and waited and waited and waited , talked about how we 're never gon na go back in the mines , " he recalled . The first stage of preparing the Australians for their rescue began with injections of blood thinners they administered to themselves to prevent clots as a result of lying down for two weeks , Webb said . After the rescue , the real work of returning to society a new person began , not just for the survivors , but for their families . "  Your loved ones need to be ready for the emotional highs and lows . There 's this huge high when you get out , then life goes back to normal , and you go back down , " he said . Webb , now a part-time real estate agent , said he has watched only four movies since he 's been out . "  The highs and lows are so extreme . When I 'm sad , I cry . When I 'm happy , I laugh a lot , probably too much . And your family needs to be ready to deal with all that . " Webb said he and Russell followed advice to do speaking engagements about their ordeal to exorcise their mind of the experience . That , along with three years of counseling and a two-week caving expedition have got him to a place where he 's happy . "  Just one of those things , fall off the bike and get back on it . I did n't want to have a hang-up . But I have found a new career . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	Australian miner says he and cohort sang , told jokes during 14-day captivity in gold mine Survivor of flooded mine in Pennsylvania says group huddled together to stay alive Maintaining routine key to survival in isolated places for extended periods , prof says Relatives need to prepare for emotional highs and lows after rescue , miner says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there , the U.S. military announced Friday . First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo was killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul on Tuesday while riding in an armored Humvee . His body was flown to the United States early Thursday morning . Crisostomo of Spanaway , Washington , was 59 . He would have turned 60 later this month , according to KING television in Seattle , Washington . He was one of a very few service members who served in Vietnam and in current U.S. military operations , his record shows . He twice received the Bronze Star , which is awarded to U.S. troops for combat valor . Crisostomo also received the Purple Heart for being wounded in combat , according to his records . It was not clear from his official records if he received the medals for combat in Vietnam or Afghanistan . His records also indicate he received numerous other commendations . He also served during the first Gulf War in 1991 and received the Kuwait Liberation Medal . He jointed the Army in 1969 and retired in 1993 , then volunteered to serve again in 2008 . According to his records , his position in the Army was automated logistical specialist , but it was unclear in what capacity he was serving while in Afghanistan . Earlier this year , a 60-year-old soldier was killed in Iraq , becoming the oldest U.S. service member killed in either the war in Iraq or the war in Afghanistan .	First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul He served in Vietnam , retired , rejoined Army in '08 to serve in Afghanistan Crisostomo of Spanaway , Washington , was Bronze Star , Purple Heart recipient
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- The smartphones and tablets debuting at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona this week share one very important ingredient that has allowed Apple 's iPad and iPhone devices to become mainstream cash cows : videogames . "  Gaming is now a ` need to have ' category , not a ` nice to have ' category for mobile devices , whether they be tablets or phones , " said PJ McNealy , videogame analyst at Digital World Research . "  The days of a single-function mobile device are long gone . " Raj Talluri , vice president of product management at Qualcomm , said that with more than 60 % of users regularly playing games on their mobile devices , games have clearly emerged as a core part of the mobile user experience . "  Gamers and games have also proven to drive technology adoption and are powerful influencers amongst consumers , " Talluri said . "  Whether it be for the purpose of competitive gaming or just passing the time on flights or train rides , high-quality mobile gaming is not a luxury . It 's now a necessity for any mobile device . " Read more : What will your next mobile phone look like ? At the conference , Qualcomm is promoting upcoming portable games like "  The Ball , " "  Fight Game Heroes " and "  The Reem , " which run on its Snapdragon processors . Talluri said this "  complete system-on-a-chip " technology was designed to handle everything from online multiplayer gaming like AllJoyn over Wi-Fi and 3G/4G-LTE networks to the most advanced , console-quality games . The powerful new processors are built for seamlessly switching between multiple apps and the Internet , all while delivering longer battery life . Keita Iida , director of global content management at NVIDIA , said that while there will always be room for simple , casual games in mobile like "  Angry Birds , " things are evolving quickly thanks to new chip technology like NVIDIA 's Tegra 3 quad core processors . "  With the installed base of Android and Tegra already at critical mass , developers looking to have their games stand out have the promise of financial reward to invest in high-end content , not to mention the hardware processing that can power next-generation games , " Iida said . "  Our heritage is in working with developers that are passionate about games with high production value . " One of the Tegra 3 games on display at Mobile World Congress is Sega 's "  Sonic the Hedgehog 4 : Episode 2 , " which will be released in May . David Zemke , director of mobile business at Sega of America , said the new game brings a console-quality experience to portable devices . "  You can now play Sonic on a small screen or a big HD TV , screen and this technology allows us to bring a totally reimagined Sonic with beautiful HD backgrounds , great character animation and all the speed console gamers are used to with this character , " he said . "  Tegra represents a quantum leap in technology , allowing us to bring visual effects like god rays , light effects and realistic water effects to a portable device for the first time . " Intel Graphics Planner Matt Ployhar , who also serves as the president of the PC Gaming Alliance , has seen more gamers gravitate toward mobile devices . Intel has invested in the booming mobile sector with technology like its 1.66 Ghz Intel Atom processor and Intel XMM 6260 Wireless platform with fast HSPA + . "  The role of video games is incredibly important for mobile and tablet devices , " Ployhar said . "  They 're all experiencing and seeing an incredible amount of growth ... across the various form factors . Mobile platform choices are as varied as the smartphone to the PlayStation Vita to slates and iPads . Games tend to be the number one downloaded and used software application for these devices , according to sources like Nielsen , Forrester and Screen Digest . " Read more : Are our mobiles monsters ? Mobile graphics technology has come a long way in a short period of time , and it 's continuing to evolve . Sony Computer Entertainment has sold 1.2 million PlayStation Vita portable gaming devices since launch last year , but those numbers could have been much higher without increased competition from smartphones and tablets . "  I think that the smartphone and tablet market is cannibalizing the dedicated handheld market , especially for non-core gamers , " said Michael Pachter , videogame analyst for Wedbush Morgan Securities . "  The casual games offered on smartphones and tablets are good enough for a large minority of people who play games , and the large number of free-to-play casual games on smartphones and tablets will keep most casual gamers occupied . I think that limits the attractiveness of dedicated handheld gaming devices and limits their market share . " Talluri believes that smartphones and tablets will emerge as all-in-one entertainment devices , encompassing the qualities of several gaming console experiences in a portable package . Prices are already dropping for quad core tablets . Asus is shipping its Tegra 3 Eee Pad Transformer Prime for $ 250 , which will offer games on par with the visuals of consoles . But Pachter believes it will be a while before the depth of console games , or even PS Vita games , migrate to smartphones and tablets . Looking ahead , Plohar said , new mobile gaming technology that will further alter the way games are played on the go includes Siri-like voice interaction in gaming , more cross-platform cloud gaming experiences and smarter sharing and pairing between devices . McNealy believes the roles of key tech companies like Google , Intel , NVIDIA and Qualcomm are more important than they were 10 years ago , when there were only game consoles and PCs for gaming . "  The number of viable platforms for consuming media such as games has exploded , and the tech infrastructure companies now need to be more agile , more responsive , and more diversified than any other point in their histories , " McNealy said . "  It 's a fun time to be a tech company , albeit a bit frenzied and insane by all the new product cycles . " It 's also a fun time to be a gamer , as there are more games available for more devices than ever before . And the quality of these experiences , especially in the portable space , appears to be getting better all the time .	Mobile gaming is a big focus of mobile-tech trade show in Barcelona Raj Talluri says gaming is now a necessity for mobile devices More than 60 % of users regularly play games on their mobile gadgets Intel has invested in the mobile sector with technology like its 1.66 Ghz Intel Atom processor
CNN  -- Denver Broncos wide receiver Kenny McKinley was found dead Monday afternoon in a Colorado home . Authorities said it appeared McKinley died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . He was 23 . "  Deputies discovered a male in the second-floor master bedroom of the home and determined that male was deceased , " the Arapahoe County sheriff 's department said in a statement . "  Although the death of Mr. McKinley appears to be the result of a self-inflicted gunshot , the investigation into this matter ... is ongoing . " Broncos head coach Josh McDaniels will speak to the media Tuesday about McKinley 's death . McKinley was selected by the Broncos in the fifth round  141st overall  of the 2009 NFL draft from the University of South Carolina , where he set the school records for receptions . He attended South Cobb High School in Austell , Georgia . He played in eight games with the Broncos as a rookie , but was placed on injured reserve before the start of the 2010 season after suffering a knee injury , according to the team . "  Everyone with the Broncos is shocked and saddened by the loss of Kenny McKinley , " Broncos President and CEO Pat Bowlen said in a statement on the Broncos ' website . "  He was part of the Broncos family and will be greatly missed by our organization . My most heartfelt condolences go out to Kenny 's family and friends . " Read more about pro athletes and depression on SI.com McKinley is at least the third Bronco to have died since 2007 . Cornerback Darrent Williams , 24 , was fatally shot near downtown Denver , Colorado , on January 1 , 2007 . Running back Damien Nash , 24 , died after collapsing at a charity basketball game later that winter . McDaniels , the Broncos coach , called the death tragic . "  Kenny had a promising future on the football field , but more importantly , he was a great teammate whose smile and personality could light up the room . This is a tragic loss for our football team , and his family is in all of our thoughts and prayers during this difficult time , " McDaniels said .	Kenny McKinley is found dead Monday afternoon The Denver Broncos president says the team is shocked McKinley is at least the third member of the team to die since 2007
London  CNN  -- The European Aviation Safety Agency has ordered checks for cracks in the wings of the Airbus A380 , though it has stopped short of grounding the fleet . CNN examines some key questions about the aircraft and what it means for the passengers , the airlines and the manufacturers . What is the Airbus A380 ? The jet liner is a double-deck , wide-bodied aircraft made by Airbus -- a subsidiary of the EADS group -- and capable of carrying more than 800 passengers , though it routinely carries far fewer . It made its maiden flight in 2005 and first entered service with Singapore Airlines in 2007 . As of January 31 , 2012 , the company said it had delivered 68 aircraft to customers and had orders for a further 185 . Which airlines fly it ? The Airbus A380 is currently in service with Air France , China Southern Airlines , Emirates , Korean Air , Lufthansa , Qantas and Singapore Airlines . Airbus says within the first three years of service , about 15 million passengers had flown in the jet . Is there anything distinctive about the airliner ? Its potential capacity makes it the largest passenger carrier in the world -- although the Boeing 747-8 is a longer aircraft . David Kaminksi-Morrow , air transport editor of Flight International magazine , says it was developed to compete with the Boeing 747 which had dominated the jumbo airliner market for decades . "  Apart from its size , the A380 is notable for its quietness , " he said . "  It 's quiet both inside and out , and that 's quite an achievement , and spacious . It 's also an efficient aircraft -- it has a low fuel bill per passenger which keeps the airlines and the environmental lobby happy . " Boeing says on its website that the 747-8 will be quieter , produce lower emissions and achieve better fuel economy than any competing jet liner . So what 's the problem with the A380 ? The European Aviation Safety Agency  EASA  last month required checks for cracks in the 20 oldest aircraft after faults were found in the wing rib feet -- the bracket that joins the ribs to the wing surface . It has now expanded the request that carriers carry out inspection and repair on the Airbus A380 before reaching 1300 flight cycles . For aircraft already very close to 1300 flights , a six-week window is being provided so they can plan ahead for their inspection to minimize disruption to their operations . A spokesman for the aviation agency said the planes could still fly , but had to be checked within the time frame , and a long-term fix was being worked on with Airbus . The original cracks were found as a result of investigations into a separate incident in which a Qantas A380 suffered an engine failure in November 2010 . If cracks are found , the airline must contact Airbus for instruction , the safety agency said . Should passengers be worried ? Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders told CNN 's Richard Quest last month that the cracks in the wing rib feet were "  minor " and that safety was an "  absolute priority . " Kaminski-Morrow also said he did n't believe safety was an issue , adding : "  It 's a structural issue and structural issues have to be investigated but the wing is n't going to fall off as a result of the problem . EASA could ground the aircraft if it wanted to -- but has n't . It 's not categorized as an emergency . " In response to last month 's checks , Enders said : "  What we have developed already is a repair solution , and this is what we will apply on the various aircraft if and where it is necessary . " He also said the fault was confined to the A380 and confirmed that it was not a wider problem on the Airbus range . What does it mean for Airbus ? Enders admitted the fault was embarrassing for Airbus but Kaminski-Morrow described it as more of a "  teething problem . " He told CNN Wednesday : "  I do n't think this will harm its reputation in the long term . The plane is very reliable and proving to be very popular . I think the airlines will stick with it . It 's selling . The A380 is here to stay . " What about the competition ? The rivalry between Airbus and American competitor Boeing is intense . Both companies have accused each other of receiving illegal subsidies and in 2005 both filed complaints with the World Trade Organization . The wide-bodied Boeing 747-8 was made in response to the A380 to battle for the custom of airlines running long-haul routes , and for freight trade -- and the manufacturers continue to upgrade their designs and improve efficiency . When the two models were compared by Flight International in 2006 , the magazine concluded : "  It will be another five years at least until it becomes clear who has got it right , but one thing is certain -- the airlines at last have what they always wanted and that is a choice of supplier at the top end of the size spectrum . "	The European air safety agency has ordered safety checks for all Airbus A380s after cracks were found in the wings The A380 can potentially carry more than 800 passengers and is said by an industry expert to be a very quiet aircraft Its main rival is the Boeing 747-8 which is also claimed to be quiet and efficient Airbus says it has found a "  repair solution "
CNN  An Oklahoma reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter . At the hearing , the judge granted Robert Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation . That decision prompted a response from the family of Eric Harris , the man Bates killed . "  We are not surprised that Mr. Bates pled not guilty . We are , however , surprised that Mr. Bates would choose to go on a vacation to the Bahamas during this tumultuous time . Whether intended or not , Mr. Bates ' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric 's life . At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . " Bates ' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. July 2 . "  This will give us an opportunity to deal with the facts in the courtroom instead of the media and we 're looking very much forward to that , " said Clark Brewster , one of his lawyers , after the hearing . Bates , 73 , was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office on April 2 when he was involved the arrest of Eric Harris in a weapons sting operation . Bates claims he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after Harris fled from officers , but mistakenly shot Harris with a gun instead . Bates has said the shooting was accidental . He has apologized to the Harris family , as has Sheriff Stanley Glanz . The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that Bates was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff . The Tulsa World newspaper reported some supervisors in the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office were told to forge Bates ' records and were reassigned when they refused . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office has denied these allegations . Over the weekend , one of Bates ' lawyers released most of his training documents and said they prove Bates had proper law enforcement training . Two deputies involved in arrest of Harris have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , Glanz said Monday in a news conference . Lawyer releases training records for Tulsa deputy charged in killing CNN 's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Robert Bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a Taser but accidentally shot him The preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 2 The judge said Bates was free to travel to the Bahamas for a family vacation
CNN  -- "  It 's about time ! " That was how a friend and fellow Mexican-American Catholic responded to the news that Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina had been elected the first Latino pope in the nearly 2,000-year history of the Catholic Church . It was one of those spontaneous utterances that , while not politically correct , was at least honest and heartfelt . It 's about time . And for wayward Latino Catholics like me , the election came at just the right moment . Just how wayward ? I go to Mass five times a year , and it 's been almost 40 years since my last confession . Even when I do go to church , I 'm what they call a "  cafeteria Catholic . " I pick and choose what I like from sermons and disregard the rest . I believe in the holy trinity , but I also believe in things that the Church teaches me I should n't believe in -- like gay marriage and a woman 's right to choose . Where does that leave me ? Some of my fellow Catholics would judge me harshly and accuse me of being insufficiently committed to our faith . I 'm not . I 'm good with my faith . I pray directly to God , and I do n't need an intermediary . What I 'm sufficiently committed to is my Church , which frankly -- in light of its own sins -- is in no position to judge anyone . It 's because of the scandal involving sex abuse of young boys by priests that the Catholic Church is -- in my life , and I 'm sure in the lives of other Catholics -- hanging on by a thread . I 've been tempted to leave in disgust more than once . Opinion : Pope Francis a conservative who sides with the poor It does n't help that I live in Southern California , in the shadow of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles . The largest Catholic archdiocese in the United States , it was until recently under the control of Cardinal Roger Mahony . The archdiocese of Los Angeles and Mahony recently settled a child sex abuse lawsuit for nearly $ 10 million . Mahony , who retired in 2011 , was accused of helping a confessed pedophile priest evade authorities . Yet he was allowed to vote at the conclave in Rome . As a Catholic , it 's hard to be idealistic , cheery and hopeful when you live in Mahony 's backyard . There is always news coming out of that archdiocese , and it 's usually bad . Even so , I 've come to accept that the Catholic Church is home to me . It 's comfortable , familiar . When I go to weddings or funerals , I know instinctively that this is where I belong . The Church is deeply flawed , and the new pope has a lot of work to do in terms of rebuilding the confidence of parishioners . But I ca n't go anywhere else . It 's human nature to want to see yourself reflected in an organization you belong to . It 's why Mormons in the United States were excited at the prospect of electing Mitt Romney president . It 's why Jews were just as eager in 2000 to elect Joe Lieberman vice president . It 's why , in East Coast cities like Boston or New Haven or New York , for generations the Irish voted for Irish candidates , and the Italians for Italian candidates . There are about 480 million Catholics in Latin America , and that 's not counting the 40 million to 50 million Latinos in the United States who are also Catholic . That accounts for nearly half of the 1.2 billion Catholics on the globe . Even for a people who often think not in terms of years but centuries , and who are famous for their patience , 20 centuries is a long , long time to wait for an acknowledgement that you exist , that you matter , and that you deserve respect . Opinion : Argentina a complex crucible for Pope Now the wait is over . Pope Francis is of Italian descent , but he was born in Buenos Aires in 1932 . Raised in Latin America , he speaks Spanish fluently and understands what life is like for the poor and downtrodden . As other commentators have rightly noted , the fact that he chose the name "  Francis " -- in honor of St. Francis of Assisi , the champion of the have-nots -- is a hint that he intends to focus the world 's attention on the issue of income equality . Meanwhile , the news of a Latino papa has sent a jolt of euphoria through Argentina and throughout Latin America . Imagine winning the World Cup Championship times 10 . There also will be a lot of excitement among Latinos in the United States , perhaps enough to reignite their passion for the Church and bring them back to Mass. . Lastly , the newly elected pope serves as a powerful symbol . He signals new beginnings . He represents the people who represent the future of Catholicism . As the first non-European elevated to pope in more than 1,200 years , the 76-year-old instantly puts Latin America on the map . This is one of the youngest regions on the map . If Europe harkens back to yesterday , then Latin America represents tomorrow . That 's fitting . After all , for Catholics , this is a new day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : For Latino Catholics , selection of a Latino pope has been long overdue He says , like many , he 's a ` cafeteria Catholic , " accepts some doctrine , rejects others He says with abuse scandal church has made it hard to stay , new pope sends good signal Navarrette : Pope pick is crucial nod to vast cohort of Latino Catholics
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- As Tehran approaches the 30th anniversary of the Iranian hostage crisis , in which dozens of Americans where held against their will for 444 days , the Islamic republic is firmly warning against reformists taking to the streets to protest the government . Still reeling from the massive demonstration that followed the country 's disputed presidential election , Iran on Wednesday will commemorate November 4 , 1979 , when a group of Islamist students seized the U.S. Embassy in Tehran , taking 53 hostages and effectively ending diplomatic relations with the United States . While the government will allow the "  faithful " to celebrate the anniversary of the embassy seizure , those who "  intend to gather illegally and spread lies among people who gather to peacefully participate ... will be held responsible for their actions , " said Ahmad Reza Radan , head of Iran 's security forces , according to the semi-official Iran Student Correspondent Association . The government of Iran arrested more than 1,000 people in a massive crackdown after the June 12 election , in which incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner . In the aftermath of the fallout , the government accused several reformists , including opposition candidates Mehdi Karrubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi , of spreading anti-government propaganda and fueling the anger among the public . Despite warnings from Iran 's hardline leaders , the reformists have largely refused to back down . They released the names of 72 protesters they say were killed in the unrest that followed the election -- more than double the government 's official number . Karrubi , a former parliamentary speaker , has been especially vocal about the claims of detainee rape . He publishing a firsthand account of one alleged victim on his Web site last month . He has been scorned by government hard-liners , whose credibility and legitimacy have been publicly questioned since the elections . On Wednesday , Islamic authorities tried to pre-emptively silence anti-government demonstrations and rhetoric . According to the Islamic Republic News Agency , Hossein Sajedinia , deputy of operations for Iran 's security forces , said , "  The police will not allow a handful -LSB- of individuals -RSB- to disrupt the organization and safety of this day , by fooling people and the youth . "	Wednesday marks 30th anniversary of the Iranian hostage crisis Iran is firmly warning against reformists taking to the streets to protest the government Security forces chief says the "  faithful " will be allowed to to celebrate the anniversary Reformists have released names of 72 protesters they say were killed after June elections
CNN  -- The debate on how to reduce health care costs that are out of control seems more polarized than ever . Many Republicans are recommending that Medicare be privatized or even abolished since Medicare , Medicaid , and the Children 's Health Insurance Program accounted for 21 % of the federal budget in 2011 , or $ 769 billion , and even more in 2012 . Many Democrats are advocating raising taxes and letting the deficit increase in the near term . There 's not much common ground when the issues are framed in this way . Here 's an alternative : Let 's address the underlying causes of what make us sick and what make us well . This is a radical approach "  Radical " comes from the Latin word meaning "  root . " When we address the root causes of a problem , we are more likely to solve it . We can make much better health care available for more people at far lower costs when we treat the causes rather than the symptoms . So what are the root causes ? They are the lifestyle choices that we make each day : What we eat , how we respond to stress , whether or not we smoke , how much we exercise , and how much love , intimacy and social support we have in our lives . Opinion : U.S. manages disease , not health Currently , over 75 % of the $ 2.8 trillion in health care costs are due to chronic diseases , such as coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes , that can be largely prevented by making comprehensive lifestyle changes . We do n't need to wait for a new drug or laser or high-tech breakthrough ; we simply need to put into practice what we already know . For example , one study of 23,000 people shows that walking for just 30 minutes every day , not smoking , eating a reasonably healthy diet , and keeping a healthy weight prevented 93 % of diabetes , 81 % of heart attacks , 50 % of strokes and 36 % of all cancers . Bigger changes in diet and lifestyle can do even more . In another of study of 30,000 men and women in 52 countries in all seven continents , lifestyle factors accounted for almost all of the risk of heart attacks in both sexes and in all ages . Think about it : Heart disease and type 2 diabetes , two of the biggest killers in the United States , are completely preventable by making comprehensive lifestyle changes . Without drugs or surgery . In addition to preventing chronic diseases , comprehensive lifestyle changes can often reverse their progression . My colleagues and I first proved that lifestyle changes alone can reverse even severe heart disease . At any age . We also found that the same program of comprehensive lifestyle changes can reverse type 2 diabetes and may slow , stop , or even reverse the progression of early-stage prostate cancer . CNN special report : ` Escape Fire ' When comprehensive lifestyle changes are offered as treatment  not just as prevention  , significant cost savings occur in the first year because the biological mechanisms that control our health and well-being are so dynamic . For example , Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield found that overall health care costs were reduced by 50 % in the first year when people with heart disease or risk factors went through our lifestyle program in 24 hospitals and clinics in West Virginia , Pennsylvania and Nebraska . In another study , Mutual of Omaha found that it saved $ 30,000 per patient in the first year for those who went through our lifestyle program . At a time when the power of comprehensive lifestyle changes to prevent and reverse chronic diseases is becoming better documented , the limitations and costs of high-tech medicine are becoming increasingly clear : -- Recent studies have shown that angioplasties and stents do not prolong life or prevent heart attacks in stable patients , costing $ 60 billion per year . -- Type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes will affect half of Americans in the next eight years at a projected cost of $ 3.3 trillion . Lowering blood sugar with drugs does not fully prevent the economic and human costs of diabetes  including heart attacks , strokes , amputations , impotence , kidney failure , and blindness  , but lowering blood sugar with diet and lifestyle prevents all of these human and economic costs . -- Only 1 out of 49 men treated for prostate cancer lives longer because of the surgery or radiation treatments ; the other 48 often become impotent , incontinent , or both . Because of this , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recently recommended that men not even be screened for prostate cancer , since there is such pressure to undergo treatments that , for most men , do not benefit them but may cause them harm in the most personal ways . But intensive lifestyle changes can be an alternative solution . Changing your lifestyle can change your genes . It turns on genes that keep you healthy , and turns off genes that promote heart disease , prostate cancer , breast cancer , and diabetes . People often tell me , "  Oh , it 's all in my genes , there 's not much I can do about it . " Knowing that changing lifestyle changes our genes is often very motivating -- not to blame but instead empower ourselves . On March 16 , tune in to CNN at 8 p.m. or 11 p.m. ET to watch the extraordinary documentary film "  Escape Fire : The Fight To Rescue American Healthcare , " which vividly highlights what 's broken about our health-care system and what can be done to help rescue it . Our work about the power of lifestyle changes is featured in two segments in the second half of the film . If you 're a doctor , you can even receive continuing medical education credit by watching it . Medicare is now covering "  Dr. Ornish 's Program for Reversing Heart Disease " after 16 years of review . This had bipartisan support . Why ? Because these are human issues that affect all of us and transcend our polarized political process , enabling us to find common ground . For Republicans , this approach appeals to their core values of empowering the individual and taking personal responsibility . For Democrats , it appeals to their core values of making better health care available to more people at lower costs . It 's a win-win situation . And the only side-effects are good ones . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Ornish .	Dean Ornish : Health care costs are out of control , let 's try to deal with the real causes Ornish : Lifestyle choices make a huge difference in reducing diseases and illnesses He says when lifestyle changes are offered as treatment , significant cost savings occur Ornish : On March 16 , watch CNN at 8 p.m. or 11 p.m. ET to learn more in the film "  Escape Fire "
CNN  -- When flight attendants needed help with a disruptive passenger , Mets pitcher LaTroy Hawkins did n't balk . The lanky right-hander and fellow passengers pitched in , restraining the passenger while the plane was diverted to a nearby airport . Hawkins , 40 , tweeted about the experience , which he said interrupted his American Airlines flight from Dallas-Fort Worth to Santiago , Chile , where the ballplayer planned to go dove hunting . Hawkins said a passenger became upset when a flight attendant told him he could n't sit in an open seat in business class . "  They started to wrestle and landed in my lap , " Hawkins tweeted . It was the wrong lap to land in apparently . Hawkins is 6 feet 5 inches and weighs 220 pounds . Hawkins and fellow passengers subdued the man , and the plane was diverted to Lima , Peru , where the passenger was removed . American confirmed that Flight 945 , carrying 206 passengers , was diverted early Monday because of an unruly passenger . "  The plane was met by local law enforcement when it arrived " in Lima , spokesman Matt Miller told CNN . "  Other passengers on the flight helped our flight attendants escort the individual off the plane . " The plane was on the ground for about two hours before departing for Santiago . "  Long day but we finally made it to our hunting lodge , " Hawkins tweeted . Tweeted one Hawkins fan : "  Your new nickname should be air marshal . "	Mets pitcher comes to the plate for flight attendants A passenger allegedly became disruptive after being refused a seat upgrade Airline says local law enforcement took him off the aircraft in Lima , Peru
CNN  -- Candidate Abdullah Abdullah on Wednesday demanded an immediate halt to the counting of ballots in Afghanistan 's presidential runoff election , alleging widespread fraud . In a live news conference on Tolo TV , Abdullah said his campaign was suspending "  engagement with the  election  commission " and recalling his party monitors from election commission offices . He said there was "  no way the counting could continue in the absence of  his campaign 's  monitors . " Noor Mohammed Noor , a spokesman for the election commission , said the count would proceed . He said the commission could not predict whether the counting process has been successful at this stage . Noor asked that any complaints be withheld until a winner is announced . The results have been scheduled to be released July 22 , according to the election commission . Abdullah , who dropped out of the presidential race in 2009 because of what he called large-scale voter fraud , took to Twitter to amplify his case for stopping this year 's count , saying : -- "  It is the right of the people to defend their vote . Fraud is taking place in every corner of the country and hurting the Afghan people . " -- "  Counting process should be stopped because this process is not transparent at all . I declare this as a candidate for Afghanistan 's presidential election . " Saturday 's runoff between Abdullah , the nation 's former foreign minister , and former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani was marred by violence . Afghan Deputy Interior Minister Gen. Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said 10 Afghan soldiers , 14 civilians and 19 insurgents were killed in a day that saw nearly 150 attacks throughout the country . In the general election on April 5 , Abdullah secured 45 % of the vote , and Ghani was second with 31.6 % . A candidate must receive more than 50 % of the votes for the election to be decided without a runoff . Although once an ally of outgoing President Hamid Karzai , Abdullah has in recent years become an opponent and vocal critic of the Taliban . Ghani -- also a former adviser to Karzai and finance minister in his cabinet -- was once a U.S. citizen , but gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Candidate Abdullah Abdullah wants vote count stopped He says he is recalling his party monitors from election commission offices On Twitter , Abdullah says , "  this process is not transparent at all " Election commission spokesman : Time for complaints is after a winner is announced
CNN  -- Ten years from now , you could be sitting at home , feeling a little burned out . But then an app installed in your watch  or on your contact lenses  , having monitored your vital signs , analyzed your mood and scanned through your social networks , will decide it 's time you took a vacation and will present you with a selection of itineraries tailored to your budget and tastes . This is the picture painted by The Future of Travel , a report compiled at the behest of travel-booking site Skyscanner using a team of 56 editors , researchers and futurists . Though it reads a bit like a Douglas Adams ' novel , the report 's predictions are based on technologies that either already exist , or are in development . "  The technologies in the above scenario are either real , being tested , or undergoing prototype development , " says Martin Raymond , co-founder of The Future Laboratory , who collaborated with Skyscanner on the report . Get  virtually  real According to Gareth Williams , Skyscanner 's CEO , in the future vacation photo albums will be replaced with immersive experience recordings . Oculus Rift , for instance , could allow users to record an African safari from their viewpoint , then share the virtual reality experience with friends back home . "  Wherever we have photos that are designed to inform you , we will ultimately also have 3-D immersive experiences , " says Williams . Other companies are getting in on the act . This year , media company 3RD Planet developed a CGI tool that through virtual reality , puts users onto the street of various cities . Williams notes that as virtual reality becomes more commonplace , travel companies will give clients virtual tours of hotels , cities and experiences . "  They 'll become conventional tools for destination marketing organizations and tourist boards , " he says . Recordings will also have a tactile element . Users plugged into a virtual reality film will not only be able to see it in 3-D , they 'll be able to feel the environment around them , be it the fur of a zoo animal or a sandy beach . Disney has already created REVEL , an interface that gives tactile feedback through minute vibrations from virtual 3-D objects , while Japanese company Tachi Lab is working on technology that can convert sounds into textures . Getting to know you According to the report , by 2024 travel agents , tour guides and concierges could all be replaced by a virtual entity with a finely-tuned sense of your likes , which it will gather from your search history , online reviews , social media presence and various other digital interactions . This guide could live inside a piece of your clothing and come out as a hologram , and  perhaps mimicking your favorite actor  it will be able to have a conversation with you . "  It will essentially be an Artificial Intelligence device , constantly connected to the web , which has learned to intimately understand our individual preferences , " says Daniel Burrus , a contributing futurist and author of Technotrends : How to Use Technology to Go Beyond Your Competition . These digital travel buddies will not only be able to tailor suggestions to you personally , they 'll be able to monitor your expressions to see if you 're actually enjoying yourself and tweak their recommendations accordingly  Tech firm Affectiva is already working on an algorithm that reads human facial expressions  . "  As we get smarter in the tools we build , they 'll become much more focused on what your motivation is , and what the appropriate search results are , " says Williams . Wear it loud Several experts envision Google Glass , the Sony Smartwatch and Samsung Galaxy Gear as the beginning of what will become a mass market in wearable technology  IMS Research predicts Google will ship 6.6 million units of Google Glass annually  . Furthermore , microchips are predicted to get even smaller -- the width of 15 to 20 atoms by 2017 , according to Renee James , president of Intel . This means it will be possible to implant technology in places previously deemed impossible  In the report , futurist Dr. Ian Yeoman predicts that Google Glass will move to contact lenses in five years  . The implications of this technology are perhaps the most far-reaching of all . In ten years , your clothing  and eyewear  could simultaneously translate foreign languages , both spoken and written . Furthermore , Google Glass and its various successors could likely change the future of photography . "  At the moment , souvenir photographs are exclusively taken through planning , " notes Williams . By 2024 , rather than setting out to take a picture , Google Glass users could record their entire vacation , then instruct their device to pull out the best images . "  Technology will probably get good at suggesting moments that you most likely want to save , " he adds .	Skyscanner teamed with 56 editors , researchers and futurists to create The Future of Travel report Travel agents and tour guides could be replaced with a hologram projected from a watch Travelers will be able to capture entire 3-D , tactile experiences , and share them with others Technology will get so small , Google Glass capabilities could be installed in contact lenses
CNN  -- The economy of Thailand -- whose growth this year so far has belied its political ails -- is now seeing more of a direct impact as protests grow increasingly violent . Thai Finance Minister Korn Chatikavanij told CNN the protests have taken between 0.3 percent and 0.5 percent off the nation 's gross domestic product so far this year and have had an "  incalculable impact on investor confidence . " The protests could shave as much 2 percent of GDP if it continues through the rest of the year . "  The longer it lasts , the greater the risk of violence breaking out -- which has proven to be the case , " said Korn . "  Once violence breaks out , the potential impact on the economy is all the more greater . " One person died from clashes Friday and two were in critical condition , a local hospital director said . All three were shot . A rebel red shirt leader who was shot Thursday while being interviewed by Western journalists was also in critical condition . On Friday afternoon , government troops were tightening around a protester encampment as shots rang out around the area . The typically bustling downtown area of Bangkok has shuttered its businesses as Red Shirt protesters occupied a 3-kilometer wide area near the business district . The 1,700 shops and 10 hotels in the area are losing an estimated $ 6 million a day . One in six of Thailand 's 61 million citizens live in the Bangkok area . Tourism , which makes up about 6 percent of the Thai economy and employs more than one million people , has been hardest hit by the protests that began in March . Banyan Tree Holdings , which owns several resorts in Thailand , projects that bookings and residential sales will take a hit this year . "  Unless there is a resolution to the Thai political situation soon , there is no clear visibility on the Group 's performance for the rest of the year , " Chairman Ho KownPing said Thursday in a statement . "  Clearly the impact on the economy has been the impact on tourism , " Korn said . "  Obviously pictures that are appearing on TV screens across the world has obviously spooked potential tourists . Several governments have issued travel warnings for Thailand as a whole and we 've seen bookings disappear at least for the months of June and July . " The government still predicts the Thai economy will grow at least 4.5 percent this year . The World Bank had earlier predicted that Thailand -- the second largest economy in Southeast Asia -- will grow 7 percent this year . Foreign investors had been bullish on the Thai economy . But in recent weeks , the investment tide has turned . Overseas investors shed $ 130 million in the month of April , according to the Thai Stock Exchange . That sell-off has escalated in the past week as foreign investors sold off $ 584 million in Thai shares the past six sessions , Reuters reported . Korn said there was little disruption to business outside the immediate vicinity of the protests . "  Those who invested in Thailand generally invested in areas outside of Bangkok , and they have been in no way undermined by the ongoing protests ... so from that perspective it 's been pretty much business as usual , " Korn said . "  That 's why the economy has kept humming along for that reason , " Korn said . "  But the protests definitely have an impact on confidence and will definitely have an impact on the decision-making process for investors . " CNN 's Dan Rivers , Andrew Stevens , Pamela Boykoff and Kevin Voigt contributed to this story	The economy of Thailand is losing steam as protests grow increasingly violent Once the darling of foreign investors , there is now a massive sell-off of Thai shares Downtown Bangkok businesses are estimated to be losing a total of $ 6 million a day
Air traffic controllers may be taking more risks in handling airliners under a 2-year-old rule allowing them to report errors without fear of punishment , congressional investigators say in a report highlighting a spike in incidents . Controllers and the FAA , however , say the rule has actually improved safety . The report by the Government Accountability Office -- which notes a 53 percent increase in controller errors within five miles of airports and a 166 percent jump in errors handling approaching flights up to 40 miles out -- comes at a time of remarkable commercial aviation safety in the United States . The nation has not seen a fatal airliner crash since 2009 , the same year the rule went into effect . The increase in errors "  began a notable climb in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 , peaked in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010 , and remained at rates higher than the historical average through the second quarter of 2011 , " the GAO said in its report . The FAA says the jump coincides with the non-punitive reporting rule , which took effect in July 2009 . That system encourages air traffic controllers to voluntarily report errors so that dangerous patterns can be identified and the system can be made safer , the agency said . The system , which protects controllers who report efforts from legal or disciplinary action , has "  produced a wealth of information to help the FAA identify potential risks in the system and make corrections , " FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said . "  More information will help us find problems and take action before an accident happens , " she said . But the GAO said FAA officials who are not identified in the report told investigators that the system also may reduce personal accountability and "  may make some air traffic controllers less risk averse in certain situations . " That may have led to more errors , according to the GAO , which also said some FAA officials told them the rule also limits the ability of managers to take action against employees who make a mistake . The GAO also said 65 % of the errors reported through the non-punitive system , some of which may have involved violations of the standards separating aircraft in flight , were not fed into a separate FAA reporting system for operational errors . That may have reduced the number of errors directly reported to FAA supervisors , the GAO said . Rep. Thomas E. Petri , the Aviation Subcommittee chairman and one of six Congress members who requested the GAO study , said the spike in errors raises significant concerns . "  Airlines and FAA controllers alike share credit for the safety record we enjoy today , " Petri , a Wisconsin Republican , said in a written statement . "  However , the recent uptick in near miss events is a precursor to tragedy . " But Paul Rinaldi , president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association , said his take on the report is that it shows the FAA has "  taken several steps to further improve safety at and around airports . " Bill Voss , president of the Flight Safety Foundation , said he supports the FAA 's non-punitive reporting system , saying it is bringing to light errors that would have gone unreported under the old system . But he said the new system , by itself , can not explain all of the increases in controller errors . "  A jump is inevitable when you change your reporting system . You worry if you do n't have a jump because you feel like something has n't worked , " Voss said . "  But when you look underneath these numbers , as GAO has done very carefully , you ca n't explain everything away by a change of reporting . It looks like there 's some substance to it too , and that has to be dealt with . "	FAA 's non-punitive reporting system took effect in July 2009 Since then , reporting of controller errors has risen dramatically GAO says system may reduce personal accountability , "  risk-averse " behavior FAA , controllers union say the reporting system has made U.S. air travel safer
Beijing  CNN  -- At just after midnight on Saturday , in a bar down an old lane in Beijing , the band suddenly stops playing . Grabbing the microphone , the manager tells everyone to remain in the venue ; the police are outside threatening to escort to the nearest police station any foreigner not carrying valid documents . The atmosphere instantly sours . This is just one of many incidents that have occurred in Beijing over the weekend following last week 's launch of a 100-day campaign to "  clean out " non-Chinese living or working illegally in the city . Until the end of August , all foreigners are expected to always have on them a valid passport , visa and resident permit , as stipulated by an announcement on Peaceful Beijing , the official Beijing Public Security Bureau account on popular Chinese micro-blogging site Sina Weibo . If not , they will face repercussions , which range from fines to police detention and deportation . A number for a hotline locals can call to report suspicious foreigners was also included in the announcement . Since then , the police presence in the main expat and student areas of the city has noticeably increased , households and companies have been spot checked , and queues at local police stations to register residency are large . Lin Song , media officer of the Exit-Entry Administration Department under the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau , was not available to immediately comment when asked about the crackdown . However , last week in an editorial in the Global Times , he remarked : "  Some foreigners do not know Chinese laws well , and they might feel strange being randomly questioned by the police , but it is necessary to improve their legal awareness and make sure they stick to Chinese regulations . " Beijing police announced on Thursday that the city 's friendly attitude toward foreigners has not changed . "  Beijing will stick to the policy of reform and opening up , and we sincerely welcome foreign friends to work and live in Beijing , " a spokesman told the state-run Xinhua news agency , adding that foreigners ' legitimate rights will be protected. But the crackdown has left a bitter taste in the mouths of many , not least those who have resided in the city for years and see it as home . Media worker Jacob Trent was pulled off his bike by the police on Saturday and demanded to produce his papers . "  I have been living here for a decade and yet I still get treated like -- and sometimes called -- a foreign barbarian , " lamented the American , who speaks perfect Mandarin and is engaged to a Chinese girl . Another longtime expat , David Park , was equally distressed . "  I have noticed a change in how I am treated . It has gone from curiosity to hostility , " commented Park . The 27-year-old , an employee at a renewable energy firm , has been contemplating a move back to England . These events will make his decision easier , he said . Park was not the only person expressing a desire to leave in the wake of tensions . Mia Bate , an African-American doing an internship , has no intention to renew her visa once it expires in September . "  I never used to notice people looking at me on the streets , " she said . "  Now I do and it makes me feel really uncomfortable . " The campaign comes amid a heated online debate about the behavior of foreigners in China . The most noticeable example has been the uploading of a video onto the Chinese video sharing site Youku of a foreign man sexually assaulting a Chinese woman in Beijing . The video attracted more than 11 million views and 80,000 comments to date . Beijing police revealed the foreigner in the video to be a Briton on a tourist visa . Police deny the incidents are related , but in the minds of both foreigners and Chinese they are . Prominent host on Chinese Central Television , Yang Rui , posted on Sina Weibo that Beijing must clean out its "  foreign trash " to "  protect innocent girls . " According to Yang , they must "  cut off the foreign snake heads . " Similar rhetoric has been voiced by locals offline . When Beijing resident Mandy Zhang 's mother caught wind of the video , she called her 26-year-old daughter and asked her not to visit places that foreigners frequent . For both mother and daughter , the visa crackdown might not be an ideal solution , but it is necessary . "  Police can not tell who is good or not . Some foreign men come here with the wrong intentions , " Zhang said , adding : "  We treat Westerners too well and this needs to change . " According to statistics provided by the city government , Beijing is home to about 120,000 foreigners . Most have arrived during the past decade , attracted by a booming economy and a visa policy that has been relatively relaxed . Crackdowns on this scale are very rare , with the last noticeable one being in the lead up to the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Lars Laaman , a professor of Chinese history at London 's SOAS , who has lived in the capital on and off since the 1980s , says these incidents only occur when the government is feeling uneasy , " he commented , alluding to events that have gripped the nation over the past few months such as the dramatic fall from power of Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai . Whatever the cause , as China 's economy continues to grow , its foreign population will likely rise too . Finding a workable solution to the visa situation will become increasingly important .	New regulations demand all foreigners carry a valid passport , visa and resident permit Locals can also call a number for a hotline to report "  suspicious foreigners " Campaign comes amid a heated online debate about poor behavior of foreigners in China Some expat residents in China report increasing hostility towards them
CNN  -- Benjamin and Kristi Strack lay dead on their bed . On the floor near them lay the bodies of three of their children , from 11 to 14 years old . There were no signs of trauma , no indication of toxins in the air . But beside each body there were cups with liquid inside . These details come from court documents obtained Thursday by CNN related to the deaths of the five Utah family members , documents that hint at a potentially deadly cocktail including the powerful prescription drug methadone . Based on this evidence and perhaps more , one of the court documents states that one detective on the case "  believes the property and evidence described above is evidence of the crime or crimes of homicide . " Authorities in Springville , Utah , acknowledged Thursday that the recently released information has "  re-ignited interest " in the investigation into the Stracks , whose bodies were found September 27 . "  The various affidavits written so that officers could fully investigate this tragic event seem to have raised additional questions as to the events that occurred that night , " the Utah city 's public safety department said in a statement . Chief among those questions : Who is responsible for the deaths ? And why did they die ? There are no firm answers yet , though the court documents made public this week do shed some light on what authorities know and believe . Documents : Empty bottles of methadone , cold and flu meds One of them describes how a biological son of Kristi Strack and the son 's girlfriend noticed the house was unusually quiet that late September evening and that the master bedroom door had been locked . Once inside , they and eventually police officers came upon the eerie scene . The parents were in their bed , while the children were around it "  covered in bedding up to their necks . " "  Officers reported there was a red liquid substance coming from the mouth of Kristi Strack , " a police detective wrote in an affidavit for one search warrant . "  All of the occupants of the home were non-responsive . Next to each of the victims was a cup/drink with a liquid inside . " Detectives fairly quickly concluded the family members ' deaths were due to "  poisoning , " though exactly what killed them has n't been officially determined . The Springville public safety department said that might not be known until late November , when the state medical examiner is expected to release autopsies . The fire department has concluded , however , that "  there was no carbon monoxide leak " and "  no toxic levels of any kind inside the home , " according to an affidavit . Everything in the home was found "  to be in good working order . " An affidavit for another search warrant , filed in early October , discussed other evidence found in and around the South Springville duplex . A black bag put in an outside trash can , for instance , contained "  10 opened and empty boxes of nighttime cold and flu medication consistent with generic NyQuil " and "  two empty boxes of allergy relief medication consistent with generic Benadryl . " Inside the home , authorities found empty bottles of liquid methadone -- a synthetic narcotic used in the treatment of heroin addiction . The methadone bottles had come from a drug treatment clinic , authorities said . Methadone contributes to nearly 1 in 3 prescription painkiller deaths in the United States , according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention findings from 2012 . Police : ` Probable ... deaths were not accidental or natural ' The official documents do n't point a finger at any person , in particular , who might be behind the deaths . Yet authorities -- who continue to investigate , including looking intently at things likely a laptop computer and cell phones found at the Strack 's home -- believe that the entire thing was intentional . The court documents note that it would n't be normal for the three children -- son Benson Strack ,14 ; daughter Emery Strack , 12 ; and son Zion Strack , 11 -- to go to sleep inside their parents ' bedroom , since they had their own rooms . And a police officer wrote , in one affidavit , that "  with the placement of the bodies , it would appear somebody had to position the bodies after they were deceased . " "  It is probable that these death  s  were not accidental or natural in any way , " the officer added . In a statement given Thursday to KSTU , another CNN affiliate , relatives of the Strack family said the release of the documents "  was shocking to our family and unfortunately it begins to confirm our suspicions . " The statement did not elaborate , beyond adding : "  We are upset about this new information and are struggling as we are forced to relive this horrible tragedy . " CNN 's Holly Yan , Joe Sutton and Kate Conerly contributed to this report .	Two parents and three children are found dead in Utah There were no signs of trauma , carbon monoxide or air toxins Court documents say cups with liquid were by each of the bodies Empty bottles of methadone , cold and flu medication found nearby
CNN  -- In a previous posting about voting issues , I mentioned J. Alex Halderman , an assistant professor of engineering and computer science at the University of Michigan , whose "  resume " includes hacking into voting machines in the name of exposing security flaws . Analysis : Our votes are counted accurately -- are n't they ? At the time , his best-known exploit involved accessing a supposedly tamper-proof voting machine and getting it to play Pac-Man . It turns out that as I was writing that , Halderman and his students pulled off another coup , exposing vulnerabilities in an internet-based system for overseas and military voters that the District of Columbia planned to test in the November election . "  Within 36 hours of the system going live , our team had found and exploited a vulnerability that gave us almost total control of the server software , including the ability to change votes and reveal voters ' secret ballots , " Halderman wrote on his blog . This link is Halderman 's how-we-did-it . Along the way , Halderman 's team "  collected crucial secret data stored on the server , " "  modified all the ballots that had already been cast to contain write-in votes for candidates we selected , " "  installed a back door that let us view any ballots that voters cast after our attack , " and -- best of all -- "  left a ` calling card ' on the system 's confirmation screen , which voters see after voting . " Official ballot : District of Columbia mock election  pdf After 15 seconds , the page plays the University of Michigan fight song . Here 's a demonstration . The "  Wolverines " attack on D.C. 's experiment went undetected , Halderman said , until the fight song  "  Hail to the Victors "  was discovered . To be fair , the people running the D.C. pilot program made a couple of weeks available for outsiders to have a crack at their system . While Halderman and his students did their best in the name of protecting the sanctity of the voting process , it appears that there were others with potentially less-friendly motives also taking advantage of the test period . Testifying before the D.C. Board of Ethics and Elections -- in a virtually empty room , according to news reports -- Halderman dropped this bomb : "  While we were in control of these systems we observed other attack attempts originating from computers in Iran and China . These attackers were attempting to guess the same master password that we did . And since it was only four letters long , they would likely have soon succeeded . " Halderman 's team even changed the D.C. system 's password  who uses a four-letter password ?  to thwart the foreign intrusions . Granted , this was a test and only a test of a small pilot program . But the idea of attempts from outside of the United States to compromise the security of the most basic of American rights should worry anyone who cares about the political process . Flaws in the D.C. system was n't the only issue making news :  The Brennan Center for Justice at New York University 's School of Law spotlights three potential threats : voter registration problems  3 million people were unable to vote in 2008 because of such issues and registration efforts are notably fewer than the last election  , ballot "  security " operations  often allegations of voter suppression or intimidation  and voting machines . Another read on voter suppression concerns .  The controversy over the Justice Department 's handling of the "  Black Panther " voter intimidation case in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on Election Day 2008 has not faded ; if anything , it 's grown as an issue for political conservatives .  The Sentencing Project reports that between 1997 and 2010 an estimated 800,000 people convicted of felonies regained their right to vote , as 23 states have , in varying fashions , changed their laws on the subject .  Concerns remain about U.S. military personnel stationed overseas getting ballots from their home states in time to vote and mail back before Election Day . Several states received waivers from a new requirement that ballots be mailed out by 45 days before the election , to ensure their return on time .  If you 're interested in following current court cases involving voting issues , check out this website from the Moritz College of Law at The Ohio State University .	Professor , students expose vulnerabilities in internet-based voting system Halderman 's team modified online ballots ; had page play University of Michigan fight song Halderman says other hackers were guessing at password , and likey would have succeded
CNN  -- Despite current world player of year Lionel Messi 's recent declaration that he wants to finish his career in his native Argentina , there are very real concerns about the current well-being of football in the soccer-mad South American nation . Messi may be the best player on the planet , but problems both on and off the pitch -- including Argentina 's humiliating 4-0 defeat at the hands of Germany in the 2010 World Cup finals -- have put immense pressure on the national team to perform well in the Copa America tournament they currently host . There is no doubt that the tournament is being staged on the back of a traumatic few months for Argentine football . Serious crowd disorder , chronic financial problems , the continued drain of top talent to rich European clubs and the shock relegation of the mighty River Plate have all combined to leave many fans with furrowed brows . Add to this the apparent strength of traditional rivals Brazil , who have just won the Copa Libertadores -- the biggest club prize in South American football -- with Santos , and whose teams are managing to keep hold of their better players due to an improved national economy , and it is clear to see why many are questioning the health of the sport . River Plate 's fate is a warning to Latin American giants So far , the omens are not looking good . A late goal from Sergio Aguero rescued a point for Argentina in their opening group match against Bolivia . And things got even worse for the hosts in their second group game when they were booed off after a dreadful 0-0 draw against Colombia . Next Monday 's final match against Costa Rica is now a must-win affair , with the very real possibility that Argentina might crash out of the tournament at the first hurdle . CNN 's Buenos Aires correspondent Brian Byrnes summed up the mood that pervades many of the passionate followers of football in the nation . "  Argentina have some of the best players in the world and for some reason the team is not producing what it is capable of , " said Byrnes . "  World-class players like Sergio Aguero  Atletico Madrid  and Gonzalo Higuain  Real Madrid  can not even get in the side , while other nations would be proud to have players like that in their team , let alone on the bench . "  You only had to look at Lionel Messi 's face after Wednesday 's match . The team can not get the best out of the world 's top player and things are so bad that radio phone-ins and web sites are calling for the return of  former national coach  Diego Maradona , who was castigated after last year 's World Cup failure . " Argentine football legend Osvaldo Ardiles also conceded that the national team have got problems at the moment . Ardiles , a key member of the Argentina side that won the World Cup for the first time on home soil in 1978 , told CNN : "  We have drawn our first two games in the tournament and , to be honest , we were so bad that they could easily have been two defeats . Argentina booed off after goalless draw "  Argentina are favorites for this tournament , and for them to miss out on reaching the knockout rounds would be unthinkable -- but Brazil also had a bad start  0-0 against Venezuela  so I do n't agree that it is all doom and gloom yet . "  I also do n't think Brazilian football is better than us at the moment . Both countries went out in the same stage of the World Cup finals , and although Santos won the Copa Libertadores , Argentina won it with Estudiantes in 2009 and Boca Juniors in 2007 . " Ardiles continued : "  I do believe the future of Brazilian football is in a better state than ours . The Brazilian economy is strong and they are able to bring back some of their better players from Europe . I think that will really have an effect on the national team in four or five years time . " The tournament comes just a week after the dramatic demise of River Plate . The most famous football club in Argentina , and arguably the whole of the continent , are known as Los Millonarios  The Millionaires  for good reason . A roll-call of honor that has seen the club lift the Primera Division title a record 33 times , as well as two Copa Libertadores crowns and an Intercontinental Cup , proved a distant memory as a steady financial decline , coupled with poor results over the past three years , ultimately proved River Plate 's undoing . Their demotion has sent shock waves throughout the country , resulting in a feeling of "  mourning , " even for non-River Plate fans . Riots compound River Plate 's relegation misery However , Ardiles believes the fate of River Plate , and the current failings of the Argentine national team are not linked , and they should be viewed in completely different lights . "  It 's a tragedy for River Plate 's fans that the club were relegated , but I actually think it shows Argentine football is in a healthy state , " he told CNN . "  Beforehand , people were saying that River Plate would never be allowed to be relegated , that somehow the football authorities would prevent it -- well , that did not happen . "  It is good that smaller clubs can beat the bigger clubs , it is healthy for football and shows a high standard . Football thrives on shocks and surprises , and there is something magical about that . " Byrnes followed the River Plate story closely and was present when the team were finally relegated . "  The River Plate relegation saga captivated the nation , not just football fans , and was front page news for weeks leading up to their decisive playoff match . "  The public as a whole viewed what happened at River Plate , the financial mismanagement of a great team , as symptomatic of what they perceive happens in Argentine politics and society as a whole -- hence the disbelief at their relegation . " Argentine soccer hooligans offered World Cup holiday Byrnes continued : "  There is a very real social story to this . River were ` The Millionaires ' not only for the wealth of the side but also for their fans -- who traditionally came from the upper-class north of Buenos Aires . "  That is why their demotion has been such a major story , it shows what can happen if there is mismanagement involved . " If the shock of River Plate 's relegation was bad enough , the subsequent crowd disturbances that followed their demise were then graphically viewed around the world . "  Crowd trouble is endemic in Argentine football , " added Byrnes . "  The police and football authorities seem unable to contain it , but what happened in the stadium that day was the worse I have ever seen . "  I was reporting live for CNN News , not sport , which gives you an indication how big the story was and , after the game , the supporters took their anger out on everybody , including the media . People in Argentina were embarrassed by those images going around the world . " With those images of crowd disturbances fresh in the memory , the Argentine national team are under real pressure to get a victory against Costa Rica on Monday . Anything but a win would see a great football nation suffer the ultimate ignominy on home soil .	Argentina are currently hosting the Copa America tournament The pressure is on the hosts to perform well in front of their home fans The tournament follows on from the shock relegation of top club River Plate
Another animal rights group is shopping for drones it will use to watch for animal abuse -- and gun owners are setting their sights in anticipation . People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said this week it plans to purchase drones -- small , remote-controlled , camera-carrying aircraft -- to watch for illegal activity among hunters . In a press release , PETA said it would "  monitor those who are out in the woods with death on their minds , " using spotlights or feed lures , or drinking alcohol while in possession of a firearm . PETA also intends to fly the remote-controlled aircraft over factory farms , fishing spots and "  other venues where animals routinely suffer and die , " it said . The group does n't yet have any drones or specific locations where it intends to fly them , and organizers do n't know when they 'll attempt to put them in the air . The organization wants to watch bear hunters , in particular , PETA President Ingrid Newkirk told CNN . Bear hunting is legal , but Newkirk said PETA would look for hunters luring bears with food or killing mothers with cubs at their sides . "  The talk is usually about drones being used as killing machines , but PETA drones will be used to save lives , " Newkirk said in a news release . In the United States , people can fly model aircraft without approval from the Federal Aviation Administration if they keep the drone in line of sight , lower than 400 feet above ground and away from airports and air traffic . Other types of unmanned aircraft systems need FAA approval , according to the agency . Newkirk said PETA plans to follow U.S. requirements while flying drones and will fly them overseas , where there may be fewer restrictions . PETA is active in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , Germany , Hong Kong and India . As news of PETA 's plan spread , gun owners reacted online . The shooting sports website AmmoLand responded by posting a PETA drone practice target for readers to use at the shooting range . "  Sounds to me like this will create a whole new shooting sport , " the site said . "  PETA Drone Target Shooting . " Readers at the blog Guns.com posted similar comments . Newkirk said she was n't concerned . "  I 'd rather have them shoot something inanimate than an innocent doe , " she said . "  It 's not the bedroom ; it 's the great outdoors , so let 's see what they 're up to . " It is n't the first time an animal rights group has considered using drones to track hunters . Showing Animals Respect and Kindness , or SHARK , has launched camera-carrying aircraft hundreds of times to film pigeon shoots , said Steve Hindi , the organization 's president . During pigeon shoots , hunters try to shoot birds after they 're released from cages or mechanically launched . Hindi posts the footage online and sends links to state and local law enforcement , but has n't gotten much response . Twice , SHARK 's drones have been shot while filming pigeon shoots at Wing Pointe shooting resort in Berks County , Pennsylvania , Hindi said . In a press release from November , SHARK said the camera feed went out on a drone camera after a single shot from the shooting range . State police investigators said they could n't identify who shot the drone at Wing Pointe , and could n't prove whether it was an accident , said David Beohm , spokesman for the Pennsylvania State Police . Beohm said the drone was flying in airspace restricted by the FAA . Hindi said he does n't believe the shooting was an accident . "  It was a damn good shot , " he said . CNN contacted Wing Pointe , but representatives declined to comment . Pigeon shoots are legal in Pennsylvania . Law enforcement officers tried to prevent SHARK from flying a drone in South Carolina in February 2012 , Hindi said . A shot brought down the drone soon after it went into the air , and it crashed into a highway , Hindi said . The Colleton County Sheriff 's Office filed an incident report . It 's still an open case , and no one has been charged . Hindi said he 's gotten calls from people who say they 'll fly drones over his house . He said he does n't care , and that he 'll continue to fly drones as long as it 's legal . "  We have these knee-jerk reactions about drones , when the average person has no worries , " he said .	PETA says it plans to purchase drones to watch for illegal activity among hunters Hunters online have suggested they 'll shoot down PETA 's remote-controlled aircraft Showing Animals Respect and Kindness has flown camera-carrying drones to track hunters SHARK has sent footage to law enforcement , but no cases ensued
CNN  -- In February 1990 , the same month that Nelson Mandela , also known as Madiba , walked free after 27 years behind bars , South Africa 's then-President , Frederik Willem de Klerk , issued written instructions to dismantle the nation 's atomic arsenal . Like Madiba 's achingly long incarceration , the apartheid regime 's development of these most abominable weapons , though never officially acknowledged , had become an intolerable blight on South Africa 's image abroad . Divesting ourselves of the bomb was -- as de Klerk later remarked -- an essential part of our transition from a pariah state to an accepted member of the family of nations . In his time as president , from 1994 to 1999 , Madiba frequently implored the remaining nuclear powers to follow South Africa 's lead in relinquishing nuclear weapons . All of humanity would be better off , he reasoned , if we lived free from the threat of a nuclear conflagration , the effects of which would be catastrophic . Addressing the U.N. General Assembly in 1998 , he said : "  We must ask the question , which might sound naive to those who have elaborated sophisticated arguments to justify their refusal to eliminate these terrible and terrifying weapons of mass destruction -- why do they need them anyway ? " Despite Madiba 's undisputed moral authority and unmatched powers of persuasion , his cri de coeur for disarmament went unheeded in his lifetime . South Africa , to this day , remains the only nation to have built nuclear weapons and then done away with them altogether . Nine nations still cling firmly to these ghastly instruments of terror , believing , paradoxically , that by threatening to obliterate others they are maintaining the peace . Quite unaccountably , all are squandering precious resources , human and material , on programs to modernize and upgrade their arsenals -- an egregious theft from the world 's poor . Madiba attributed the lack of progress in achieving total nuclear disarmament to "  Cold War inertia and an attachment to the use of the threat of brute force to assert the primacy of some states over others . " To his mind , the struggle against the bomb was intertwined , inextricably , with the struggles to end racism and colonialism . He abhorred the double standard , deeply entrenched in today 's international order , whereby certain nations claim a "  right " to possess nuclear arms -- in the hundreds , even the thousands -- while simultaneously condemning , and feigning moral outrage towards , those who dare pursue the same . We must vociferously challenge the perceived entitlement of a select few nations to possess the bomb . As Ban Ki-moon , the U.N. Secretary-General , put it succinctly in January of last year : "  There are no right hands for wrong weapons . " But how do we uproot the discriminatory order ? How do we end the minority rule ? In our decades-long fight against apartheid in South Africa , we depended upon the combination of an irrepressible domestic groundswell of popular opposition to the regime and intense and sustained pressure from the international community . The same combination is needed now in the movement to abolish nuclear weapons . This week , in the Mexican state of Nayarit , ministers and diplomats from three-quarters of all nations -- those not coming include the Permanent Five members of the U.N. Security Council , the U.S. , UK , France , Russia and China -- are gathered to discuss the devastating humanitarian impact of nuclear detonations . This will cover the inability of emergency workers to provide relief to the wounded ; the widespread dispersal of radiation ; the lofting of millions of tonnes of soot from firestorms high into the upper troposphere ; the collapse of global agriculture from lack of sunlight and rainfall ; the onset of famine and disease on a scale never before witnessed . This conference is not only a much-needed reminder of what nuclear weapons do to humans beings -- something seldom mentioned in arms control discussions -- but also a vital chance for the international community to chart a new course . It is high time for the nuclear-free nations of the world , constituting the overwhelming majority , to work together to exert their extraordinary collective influence . Without delay , they should embark on a process to negotiate a global treaty banning the use , manufacture and possession of nuclear weapons -- whether or not the nuclear-armed nations are prepared to join them . Why should these weapons , whose effects are the most grievous of all , remain the only weapons of mass destruction not expressly prohibited under international law ? By stigmatizing the bomb -- as well as those who possess it -- we can build tremendous pressure for disarmament . As Madiba understood well , a world freed of nuclear arms will be a freer world for all . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Desmond Tutu .	The month Mandela left prison , South Africa 's president ordered its atomic arsenal dismantled Desmond Tutu says nuclear weapons -- like apartheid -- were a blight on S. Africa 's image As president , Mandela implored the remaining nuclear powers to also give up their weapons Tutu says nuclear weapons and those who hold them should be stigmatized
Barbara Ann Fenton made what was for some a shocking suggestion at one of the most traditionally conservative meetings leading up to the Republican National Convention . The 31-year-old delegate from Rhode Island formally suggested that her party 's ideological manifesto recognize civil unions for same-sex couples as well as straight ones . "  As a Roman Catholic , there 's nobody in this room who believes  more than I do  that the definition of marriage is between one man and one woman , but those are my religious beliefs , " Fenton said as she made the motion Monday . "  This country was founded on the separation of church and state . " She added , "  For my own generation , a lot of times homosexuality is not the biggest deal in the world . And that 's OK . " Many other controversial amendments were met with "  crickets , " as one Republican staffer said . Meaning , on those topics , there was n't even a move to vote on the matter . Can ` true Catholics ' support same-sex marriage ? Fenton 's initiative , much to her own surprise , was met with a resounding shout of "  second " from not one , but from a couple of people in the room . Themis Klarides , a state representative from Connecticut , was one of the delegates who affirmed Fenton 's motion . "  I 'm from New England , where support for gay couples is really old news , " Klarides said . In 2005 , her state became the first to create a law that allowed civil unions for same-sex couples without judicial interference . She voted in favor of the law on several occasions until it got through . "  This speaks to the heart of what Republicans believe in -- less government interference in our lives , " Klarides said . "  We want our party to focus on growth and the economy and allowing us to thrive as a people , not on telling people what they should do in our private lives . " Klarides ' fellow Republicans on the platform committee did not agree . She describes what it felt like to listen to the ensuing debate . "  I called my mom afterward and said this woman put this amendment out there , and I seconded it , and you would have thought I took off all my clothes and stood in the middle of the aisle , " Klarides said . Fenton also called her mom after the meeting . Her mother had read about her daughter 's amendment suggestion online . "  My mom said , ` You are creating mischief again . I 'm so proud of you , ' " Fenton said . Others on the platform committee did n't share that sentiment . In his argument against the amendment , Indiana delegate Jim Bopp characterized civil unions as "  counterfeit marriage . " Bopp , an adviser to Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , pointed to the popularity of constitutional amendments that ban same-sex marriage and argued that the party benefits politically from its opposition to it . "  This suggests that strongly supporting traditional marriage is actually quite popular and would enhance the support of our candidates , " Bopp said . Tony Perkins , president of the conservative Family Research Council , made a strong argument against Fenton 's motion , calling "  traditional marriage " a cornerstone of a healthy society . "  This would move the party away immensely  from  the position this party has held , " Perkins said . The motion failed resoundingly . Republican mayor 's pro-same-sex marriage ad to air during convention The platform committee went on to include several other anti-gay issues in its proposed draft . An editorial in The New York Times called it "  more aggressive in its opposition to women 's reproductive rights and to gay rights than any in memory . " The draft affirmed the support of state constitutional amendment efforts under way to restrict same-sex marriage . It criticized the Obama administration 's "  open defiance " of existing laws that should put a limit on gay people 's rights and "  its handling of immigration cases , in federal personnel benefits , in allowing a same-sex marriage at a military base , and in refusing to defend DOMA  Defense of Marriage Act  in the courts . " And it reiterated the party 's support for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution that would ban same-sex marriage . "  It 's funny -- sitting in that room , I felt like people thought what I was proposing meant I was campaigning for President Obama , " Fenton said . "  Back home where everyone is so much more liberal , people think I 'm so right wing . Geography is everything . " Fenton said after the meeting she had only one disturbing run-in . "  One person did come up and tell me I should renounce my Catholicism -- that what I was spewing was pure evil , " Fenton said . "  It was hard to keep a straight face . " But for the most part , the reaction she received from other delegates and Republican staffers was positive . She said she felt that behind the scenes , the party was much more supportive . "  People kept buying me drinks and kept coming up to me saying how they wanted to support my group for doing this . I do n't have a group , " Fenton said . "  Some people asked me if I was gay . I told them you could still be for gay rights and be a heterosexual . I do n't think that 's political suicide . If it was , I would n't be a part of this party . " She said , "  One guy even dropped a note in my lap . I thought I was going to get bashed with some nasty note , like you 'd get in fifth grade . But what it said essentially was , ` I 'm in the closet . Thank you so much for this . ' "  People may now realize you can be gay and still be welcome in the GOP party . " While the Republican Party may take anti-gay positions on paper , behind the scenes many who advocate for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender causes feel more accepted . There is even an ad that will run during the convention that will feature San Diego 's Republican mayor , Jerry Sanders , speaking out in favor of allowing same-sex marriage . Sanders urges his party to do the same . The lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender groups within the convention at Tampa say they are still optimistic about their future . "  The platform is a piece of paper , " said Jimmy LaSalvia , executive director of GOProud Inc. , which will attend the convention and hold "  Homocon 2012 , " a giant dance party with Republican notables after the speeches Tuesday . GOProud is the first gay Republican group to endorse Romney for president . "  The platform does n't carry rights and responsibilities that the candidate is bound by , " he said . "  Routinely after the platform is out , candidates quickly make statements that they do n't agree with it . " LaSalvia is not discouraged -- in fact he said he 's excited about how much they can do to support the ticket . "  This election is bigger than one issue . We are in a crisis in this country and gay people need jobs . Sure same-sex marriage is important , but we ca n't base our presidential vote on it , " LaSalvia said . R. Clarke Cooper , who runs the Log Cabin Republicans , a national Republican gay and lesbian grassroots organization , said he 's optimistic about the party 's future as well despite the platform . "  It 's disappointing , sure , " Cooper said . "  But all the polling data shows that the party is growing and strengthening because of this younger generation of Republican who believes in the true definition of conservatism , which is individual liberty and not having the government involved in your personal life . " Cooper said leading up to the platform committee meeting , his group was invited for the first time to be directly involved in drafting the platform . Log Cabin has n't endorsed Romney yet , but members will decide that issue soon . In the meantime , Cooper points to small aspects of the platform that he thinks will benefit the LGBT community . "  The original draft said one could not receive refugee status for nonpolitical reasons , which would mean that there are LGBT people running for their lives who are n't political dissidents but who could n't come here , " he said . "  They struck that from the language . That was a win . " He also said in the marriage section , the platform committee added a caveat that "  everyone deserves dignity and respect . " And he celebrates even the small victories . His group 's educational material was on a table "  next to the stacks of Family Research Council material , " Cooper said . "  I 'm sure they were reeling , but if they asked leadership why it was there , they would hear it is because the RNC asked that all materials be put out there for delegates and press to pick up . "  It is a small thing , " he said , "  but our presence was known here . We were invited to be much more engaged in the process than we ever have been before . " The Log Cabin Republicans have several events planned for the convention , including brunches with other gay conservatives , and candidate meet-and-greets . The Log Cabin PAC is also hosting a party to celebrate its congressional allies . "  I always wear my Log Cabin pin , and people are always welcoming to us when we are here , " Cooper said . "  It 's extremely evident that there is an even bigger thing happening with the party . All the polling data shows that there is a generational shift that makes our party more accepting , even if it did not manifest itself in the platform . "	Rhode Island delegate urged her party to recognize civil unions for same-sex couples Her motion failed , but the delegate says GOP is more supportive behind the scenes Gay groups at the convention in Tampa say they are still optimistic about their future "  People are always welcoming to us when we are here , " head of Log Cabin Republicans says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Organizers of a Michael Jackson tribute concert , supported by the late pop star 's mother and four siblings , promise they will announce "  an incredible line-up very soon " that will include "  some of the greatest names in music . " Promoters missed their deadline of Thursday to name the performers for the October 8 show , forcing them to put registration for tickets to the Cardiff , Wales , concert on hold . "  The registration period was put on hold because we want people to know who they are registering to see , " Chris Hunt , the head of the British company promoting the concert , said in a message posted online Friday . The plan had been to announce the acts over a 10-day period following the July 25 news conference in which Jackson brothers Marlon , Tito and Jackie , sister La Toya and family matriarch Katherine Jackson endorsed the "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert . " The Global Live Events chief promised fans Friday the process would get on track . "  Between now and October we will be continuing to add names to the line-up so more announcements will follow , " Hunt said . "  Fans of Michael 's music will get the concert they 've been waiting for . " "  Some of the greatest names in music are already signed , and more are trying to shuffle other commitments to come on board , " a statement posted Friday on the concert website said . Plans for the show appeared to be in disarray Thursday when tickets were to go on sale , but instead of providing a link for purchases the promoter 's website asked fans to "  Please Standby for further announcements . " The problems started soon after the family announced the "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert " at the Beverly Hills Hotel on July 25 . La Toya Jackson said it was "  something that 's spectacular " while the Jacksons ' mother called it "  a show fit for a king . " "  If my son were here today , he would feel the same way , " Katherine Jackson said . "  I know my brother would be very , very proud to see all the artists that he admired and respected so much coming together for this event , " Tito Jackson said . But an hour later , Jermaine and Randy Jackson , the only brothers not at the news conference , issued a sharply worded statement that reflected a deep division within the Jackson family over the show . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death . " The involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson 's physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , begins in September and is expected to continue into October . While Hunt had hinted it could include a Jackson brothers reunion , the statement from Jermaine and Randy Jackson made it clear that would not happen . "  In light of this , we feel it is inappropriate to be involved with such an ill-timed event and its promoter , Global Live , " Randy and Jermaine Jackson said . Their statement said the idea of the October concert was presented to the entire family in April "  as an idea already in its advanced stages . " The decision to go ahead with it "  disrespects opinions and wishes expressed in the strongest terms " by some members of the Jackson family , they said . The Michael Jackson Fan Club agreed with the two brothers , issuing a similar statement . "  We share their concerns that this concert is taking place at a most inappropriate time when everyone 's care and attention should be focused on the matter of justice . We believe that , as stated by Jermaine and Randy , the most important tribute we can give to Michael Jackson at this time is to seek justice in his name . " Jackson fans posted messages on the concert 's Facebook page questioning ticket prices and the process for buying them . Fans must place bids for a chance to buy a ticket . The higher their pledge to a charity , the better their chances of getting a good seat . "  The ticket system is so bad !! the higher you bid the better seats you get ?? not every Michael fan is rich !!! " one fan posted on the "  Michael Forever Tribute " Facebook page Thursday . The October 8 show , in the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff , which seats 75,000 people , would be at least four hours long , Hunt said . In addition to the other problems surrounding the event , a spokesman for Michael Jackson 's estate said last week that the promoters never sought or obtained permission from the estate 's executors to use late pop singer 's name or image . "  The estate has not been contacted and is not involved with Global Live Events in the UK tribute concert announced today , " spokesman Jim Bates told CNN .	"  Fans of Michael 's music will get the concert they 've been waiting for , " promoter says Ticket sales are on hold until concert acts are announced Jackson 's mother , three brothers and a sister endorsed the October 8 show in Wales Brothers Jermaine and Randy objected because the trial of Jackson 's doctor will be under way
CNN  -- Barcelona put one foot into the quarterfinals of the Champions League after completing a 3-1 win at Bayer Leverkusen on Tuesday . The reigning European champions dominated possession for large parts of the game with Alexis Sanchez opening the scoring in the 41st minute of the opening leg of the last-16 tie in Germany . The Chilean striker chased onto a pass from Lionel Messi before firing past Leverkusen goalkeeper Bernd Leno . Leverkusen equalized seven minutes after the break as recent signing Vedran Corluka chipped in a cross from which Czech Republic defender Michel Kadlec headed home . But it was n't long before Barca were back in front as Sanchez bagged his second of the night , scoring from a tight angle after receiving the ball from Cesc Fabregas . Leverkusen had chances to equalize again as Renato Augusto forced a save from Victor Valdes , and midfielder Gonzalo Castro also hit the post in the 64th minute . But it was Messi who had the final say on the evening , converting a cross from Dani Alves in the 88th minute to give Barca a comfortable buffer ahead of the second leg at the Nou Camp on March 7 . The world player of the year had started the move , finding Alves down the right with a superb pass , and he earlier hit the post after a sublime flick over the onrushing Leno . In Tuesday 's other last-16 tie , French side Lyon scored a narrow 1-0 win over minnows APOEL FC at the Stade Gerland . Alexandre Lacazette 's goal in the 58th minute proved the difference between the teams , but the first club from Cyprus to reach the knockout stages still have hopes of progressing with victory in Nicosia on March 7 . There were two Europa League ties played Tuesday with Besiktas beating 10-man Braga 2-0 in the first leg of their last-32 tie . Helder Barbosa 's dismissal in the first half capped a miserable night for last year 's finalists as their Turkish visitors made the most of the numerical advantage with goals in either half from Tomas Sivok and former Portugal international Simao . Olympiakos edged Russian side Rubin Kazan 1-0 thanks to a goal from David Fuster in the 73rd minute . Former Manchester United goalkeeper Roy Carroll coming on as a substitute to save a penalty five minutes later to earn the Greek side a hard fought victory .	Barcelona win 3-1 in first leg of Champions League tie against Bayer Leverkusen Alexis Sanchez scores twice and Lionel Messi wraps it up for Spain 's titleholders Lyon beat Cyprus ' APOEL FC 1-0 to edge first leg of their last-16 tie in France Besiktas and Olympiakos win last-32 first-leg ties in the second-tier Europa League
It 's deja vu , drug lord style . Mexican authorities say they gunned down notorious cartel leader Nazario Moreno Gonzalez on Sunday . By most measures , it sounds like a major victory in the government 's fight against organized crime . But there 's a catch . He was supposed to be dead already . In 2010 , then-Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's government trumpeted Moreno 's death , announcing that he 'd been killed after two days of shootouts between armed forces and criminals . Officials revealed a surprising twist on Sunday , announcing the 2010 report of his death was inaccurate . Monte Alejandro Rubido Garcia , executive secretary of Mexico 's National Public Security System , said Moreno was very much alive when federal troops cornered him on Sunday . They planned to arrest him , Rubido said , but Moreno was fatally shot after he opened fire . For years , rumors have swirled about Moreno . Critics said the Mexican government had never proven that Moreno had been slain after the 2010 announcement . Federal authorities initially said they could n't provide physical evidence because Moreno 's body had been collected by fellow cartel members after clashes . In 2011 , state prosecutors acknowledged they 'd never recovered Moreno 's body and could n't confirm he was dead . "  We 've never found a body , fingerprints , photographs , " George W. Grayson , a Mexico expert at the College of William and Mary , told CNN that year . "  We know his burial site , but no one has exhumed the body . There are a lot of questions . " Authorities received numerous reports that Moreno remained alive , Rubido said Sunday , On Sunday , Mexican authorities said fingerprint tests had confirmed that Moreno was really the one they killed this time , but they were still awaiting DNA test results . More on the Mexican Drug War Cartel founder ` known for his dangerousness ' Moreno -- nicknamed "  The Craziest One , " "  El Chayo " and "  The Doctor " -- was "  known for his dangerousness , " Rubido said Sunday . He was a founder of La Familia Michoacana , a cartel that started in the western Mexican state of Michoacan and grabbed national attention in 2006 after reportedly hurling five decapitated heads of rival gang members onto a dance floor . The group began splintering soon after authorities announced Moreno 's death in 2010 , and a similar spinoff organization known as the Knights Templar effectively took La Familia 's place as the dominant group in the region . The Knights Templar has increasingly found itself in the Mexican government 's cross-hairs in recent months as citizen self-defense militias in Michoacan pressured authorities to crack down on the cartel and capture Moreno , who they claimed was still alive and leading the group . On Sunday , Mexican officials described his death as "  the most important blow to the criminal group that he headed " and said he was "  the undisputed leader of the criminal group that dominates the state , " but did n't mention the group 's name . Toning down the rhetoric about drug cartels has been part of Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto 's security strategy since he took office in December 2012 . Authorities have largely stopped parading suspects before cameras after high-profile arrests and seem to be making an effort to avoid actions that could be seen as glorifying cartels . ` Spiritual leader ' A Mexican government dossier released in 2010 described Moreno as the brains behind many killings . Authorities said he was a self-fashioned "  spiritual leader " who used religion to recruit criminals and strengthen his stronghold . But he started small . As a teenager , he was a migrant worker in the United States and worked in several locations in California , the profile said . He was arrested for the first time on drug trafficking charges in McAllen , Texas , in 1994 . "  Moreno started as a migrant in California , continued trafficking marijuana on the border and became the leader of one of the most violent criminal organizations in the history of Mexico , " the report said . In Mexico , Moreno dubbed himself the "  savior of the people " and crafted La Familia 's philosophy , outlined in a "  bible " provided to new recruits . La Familia 's approach showed a "  strong religious background , " the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said in 2009 . "  It purportedly originated to protect locals from the violence of drug cartels . Now , La Familia Michoacana uses drug proceeds to fuel their agenda that encompasses a Robin Hood-type mentality -- steal from the rich and give to the poor , " the DEA said . "  They believe they are doing God 's work , and pass out Bibles and money to the poor . La Familia Michoacana also gives money to schools and local officials . " In 2011 , the Knights Templar announced its presence and took a similar approach , with banners hanging in prominent locations vowing to protect residents of Michoacan . "  Our commitment to society will be to preserve order and prevent robbery , kidnapping and extortion , and protect the state from interventions by rival organizations , " the signs said . In a raid aimed at cracking down on the new cartel that year , Mexican police seized white robes emblazoned with bright red crosses and handbooks outlining a code for the Knights Templar . Analysts have long pointed to such finds as a sign that the Knights Templar also used religion to recruit and retain members . The legend of ` El Chapo ' : Cartel chief cultivated Robin Hood image	Mexican authorities say they killed cartel leader Nazario Moreno Gonzalez Officials had already trumpeted his death in 2010 after a shootout This time , authorities say they have the body and fingerprints confirm it Moreno was known for his "  dangerousness , " authorities say
CNN  -- Harvard Business School associate professor Ben Edelman was in the running this week for "  Most Disliked Guy on the Internet " -- and all because of $ 4 . After accusing a restaurant of overcharging him , Edelman began an epic back and forth with the management that went viral . Now , the professor is apologizing for letting the dispute spiral so out of control . According to Boston.com , the saga began last week when Edelman placed an order at a family-operated Boston-area Chinese restaurant named Sichuan Garden . He was hungry for sauteed prawns with roasted chili and peanut , stir-fried chicken with spicy capsicum , braised fish filets and napa cabbage with roasted chili , and shredded chicken with spicy garlic sauce . When he placed his order , Edelman thought his meal would run him $ 53.35 . But when he checked his receipt , he noticed he 'd been charged an additional $ 4 -- or , as he noted in the first of several emails he sent to Sichuan Garden , an apparent "  increase of $ 1 on each and every item . " Celebrated bartender Ran Duan , who manages the bar inside his parents ' Sichuan Garden location , was the one to respond to Edelman 's complaint . In doing so , he kicked off an epic three-day email exchange that ended with Edelman , who is also a lawyer and fashions himself as a "  Web sheriff , " considering legal action against the restaurant . It turns out that the menu Edelman viewed on Sichuan Garden 's website was out of date , which Duan apologized for and said he would fix . This was Edelman 's response : "  Under Massachusetts law , it turns out to be a serious violation to advertise one price and charge a different price . I urge you to cease this practice immediately , " he wrote . "  In the interim , I suggest that Sichuan Garden refund me three times the amount of the overcharge . The tripling reflects the approach provided under the Massachusetts consumer protection statute , MGL 93a , wherein consumers broadly receive triple damages for certain intentional violations . " Whether Edelman offered a correct interpretation of the law in that instance has been up for debate . But Edelman 's email exchange with Duan did n't end there . After Duan offered to pay Edelman $ 3 as restitution , the professor replied that giving only him a refund would be "  an exceptionally light sanction for the violation that has occurred . " As a result , Edelman told Duan that he 'd reported the issue to local authorities and hoped that would cause the restaurant to "  identify all consumers affected and to provide refunds to all of them . " After more back-and-forth , Duan eventually had to ask : "  Is this really worth your time ? " For Edelman , the answer was "  yes . " He told Business Insider in a statement that "  the restaurant at issue knew the website prices had been ` out of date for quite some time . ' At what point should they do something about it ? I 'm pleased to have at least gotten the problem fixed for the benefit of others . " The professor seemed to have a change of heart on Wednesday , posting an apology to his website . "  Having reflected on my interaction with Ran , including what I said and how I said it , it 's clear that I was very much out of line , " Edelman wrote . "  I aspire to act with great respect and humility in dealing with others , no matter what the situation . Clearly I failed to do so . I am sorry , and I intend to do better in the future . I have reached out to Ran and will apologize to him personally as well . " On Twitter , Edelman had been raked over the coals , with some accusing him of living up to the worst stereotypes about lawyers and Harvard minds . His interaction has even put some students at Harvard Business School on the defense . There 's now a fundraising campaign to give to those in need with the hope that it 'll help counteract the "  negative stereotypes of Harvard and HBS  that  were reinforced " with Edelman 's dispute . The online campaign is asking "  all Harvard students to flip the script by donating $ 4 to provide food for those in need . " And for Sichuan Garden , this feud has turned into some good publicity . The restaurant 's Yelp page has received a steady stream of positive comments over the past few days , even from folks who have yet to taste the food . "  I live in NYC , so I have n't eaten here , " said one Yelp user named John C. "  But read the boston.com story about the Harvard B School prof/troll slamming them over a $ 4 dispute , and just wanted to show my support and respect for how the owners handled themselves and the troll . Respect . "	NEW : Ben Edelman apologized Wednesday for his part in the dispute The Harvard Business School professor claimed he was overcharged $ 4 His email fight with a family-operated restaurant has caught the Internet 's attention
Washington  CNN  -- A long and winding road brought Sir Paul McCartney to the White House on Wednesday , where he was honored by the president of the United States and performed some of the most famous songs from his catalogue with the Beatles and after . President Barack Obama awarded McCartney the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song and then , along with a little help from some of his friends , such as Stevie Wonder , Faith Hill , Elvis Costello , Emmylou Harris and others , McCartney rocked the East Room of the White House . Obama noted McCartney had been involved in writing more than 200 songs that had made the charts of bestsellers , and his songs had stayed on those charts for a cumulative total of over 32 years . McCartney shook his head in wonder at that fact . "  Nearly half a century since four lads from Liverpool first landed on our shores and changed everything overnight , " Obama said , noting that the bass McCartney played Wednesday was the same one from when the Beatles performed on TV 's Ed Sullivan Show in the 1960s . The Gershwin Prize , America 's highest award for popular music , was bestowed on behalf of a grateful nation , "  grateful that a young Englishman shared his dream with us , " Obama said . McCartney thanked Obama for the honor and , in a short political comment , said that he and "  billions " of others supported what the president was doing in the face of many challenges . Later , McCartney ended the night by saying , in reference to the prize from the Library of Congress , it was good that after the last eight years , America had a president who knew what a library was . The music for the event , which was taped for a PBS special , included unique and riveting versions of well-known songs by a variety of artists . Wonder performed "  We Can Work Out It Out , " starting over at one point when he could n't find his harmonica . Costello sang "  Penny Lane " , noting his mother grew up near the location of the song , while Harris sang "  For No One , " noting it was "  the sad song . " McCartney performed the duet "  Ebony and Ivory " with Wonder , and then ended the event with some of the most popular songs of his career , including the love ballad "  Michelle " in honor of the first lady , who attended with both first daughters and the first grandmother . McCartney quipped that , given the song 's title , he might be the first guest to get punched out by the president . He followed that with "  Eleanor Rigby , " "  Let It Be " and a rousing "  Hey Jude " that concluded with the first family and all the performers on stage , singing along to the well-known refrain of the title . On Tuesday , McCartney toured the Library of Congress , rehearsed for Wednesday 's concert and held a news conference with reporters . They asked the former Beatle about everything from performance royalties and the role of songwriters today to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . McCartney noted that he is not a politician , but said the Gulf of Mexico oil spill is a disgrace . "  I think the fact that something like that can happen and the people who are to blame do n't have the ability to instantly cap it and clean it up is something that 's going to be addressed , " he said . Obama mentioned the oil spill in his remarks Wednesday , saying the nation shared in the sorrow of people from the Gulf coast region that also has a rich musical heritage . He noted that people on the Gulf Coast were "  dealing with something we have not seen before , " and called the situation "  heartbreaking . " The president pledged the nation 's commitment "  to see to it that their lives and their community are made whole again . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report	NEW : Paul McCartney awarded Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song NEW : McCartney , Stevie Wonder , others perform famous songs in East Room NEW : McCartney performs love ballad "  Michelle " and quips he may get punched out by president NEW : Obama calls McCartney most successful songwriter in history
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka suffered a shock defeat against Andrey Golubev in Switzerland 's David Cup quarterfinal tie with Kazakhstan in Geneva on Friday . Wawrinka who beat the odds to win his first major title against Rafa Nadal in Melbourne in January was on the receiving end of an upset this time as he fell to the world No. 64 Golubev 7-6  7/5  6-2 3-6 7-6  7/5  in three hours 14 minutes . The 29-year-old cut a frustrated figure as his Kazakh opponent took control of the match winning the first-set tiebreak before racing through the second . Wawrinka rallied in the third before slumping to defeat in four sets . "  I 'm really disappointed with myself but I have to give credit to Golubev , " Wawrinka said , DavisCup.com reported . "  He was really aggressive and he found a way to win the match . I did n't play so well , " he added . "  I was expecting more mistakes . I was n't aggressive enough with my game . I 'm really disappointed with the loss but have to accept it and be ready for tomorrow and a long weekend . " Wawrinka 's loss was canceled out by Roger Federer a short time later as the former world No. 1 cruised to a straight sets win over Mikhail Kukushkin 6-4 6-4 6-2 to level the tie . The Swiss pair will now team up for Saturday 's crucial doubles rubber against Evgeny Korolev and Aleksandr Nedovyesov . In Naples , the match between Britain and Italy is also finely poised with home side currently 1-0 up following Fabio Fognini 's four-set 6-4 2-6 6-4 6-1 win over James Ward . A rain-delay at the start of the day meant that both singles rubbers could n't be completed , but Andy Murray will have the edge when he and Andreas Seppi return to complete their match on Saturday morning . The Scot won the first set 6-4 and when bad light halted play the pair were tied at 5-5 in the second . In the remaining two ties , the situation is more clear cut after day one with Germany and the Czech Republic on course for a semifinal meeting . Germany , who are without Davis Cup regulars Tommy Haas , Philipp Kohlschreiber and Florian Mayer , raced to a 2-0 lead over France in Nancy . World No. 96 Tobias Kamke upset Julien Benneteau in straight sets 7-6  10/8  6-3 6-2 in the day 's opening rubber before to Peter Gojowczyk , ranked 119 in the world , saw off world No. 12 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in a marathon five-setter 5-7 7-6  7/3  3-6 7-6  10/8  8-6 . Michael Llodra and Gael Monfils will have to win Saturday 's doubles match against Andre Begemann and Kamke to keep the tie alive . Japan also have it all to do in their match with the Czech Republic in Tokyo . World No. 47 Radek Stepanek beat Tatsuma Ito -- ranked a lowly No. 146 in the world -- in four sets 6-7  7/5  7-6  7/5  6-1 7-5 in the opening rubber before Lukas Rosol needed five sets  6-4 6-4 3-6 4-6 6-2  to get past world No. 190 Taro Daniel .	Australian Open champion loses to world No. 64 in Davis Cup quarters Swiss teammate Roger Federer wins his rubber to tie match with Kazakhstan 1-1 Germany race to 2-0 lead over France in Nancy ; Czechs also 2-0 up against Japan Italy lead Britain 1-0 after rain-delayed first day in Naples
CNN  -- Christopher Martin-Jenkins , whose commentary for BBC Radio 's Test Match Special for more than four decades made him one of cricket 's most respected journalists , died Tuesday of cancer . He was 67 . His death on New Year 's Day comes three days after the passing of another cricket great : former England captain Tony Greig on Saturday of a heart attack while fighting cancer . In his last piece for The Times -- published one day before his own death -- Martin-Jenkins called the South Africa-born bowler 's courage under pressure one of his "  greatest attributes . " He also called the last stage of any cancer "  hell on earth . " Read about the passing of cricket ` revolutionary ' Greig With Martin-Jenkins ' own death , "  cricket has lost one of its greatest champions , " said England and Wales Cricket Board  ECB  Chairman Giles Clarke in a statement Tuesday . "  Christopher -- or CMJ -- as he was universally known was quite simply a cricketing institution , " ECB chief executive David Collier added . Martin-Jenkins was cricket correspondent for the BBC from 1973-1991 , with a break between 1981 and 1984 . In 1981 he began a decade as editor at The Cricketer magazine . He then became cricket correspondent for the Daily Telegraph from 1991-1999 and for The Times from 1999-2008 . In 2007 Martin-Jenkins became in 2007 the first -- and so far only -- career journalist to deliver the Marylebone Cricket Club  MCC  Spirit of Cricket Cowdrey Lecture . The distinction had always been reserved for cricketers . Three years later he became president of the cricket club , a post he held until 2011 , another rare honor . Martin-Jenkins ' services to sport were cited when he was awarded Member of the Order of the British Empire  MBE  in 2009 . Among remembrances , Scyld Berry of The Telegraph called Martin-Jenkins ' knowledge of cricket "  encyclopedic , " and Mike Selvey of The Guardian wrote that the initials "  CMJ " were "  synonymous with the very best in cricket journalism , both spoken and written , " and that "  the game has lost perhaps the best friend it ever had . " Martin-Jenkins , who was born in Peterborough , England , on January 20 , 1945 , is the author of several books , including "  The Complete Who 's Who of Test Cricketers . " He is survived by his wife of more than 40 years , Judy ; and their children , James , Lucy and Robin , a former cricketer for Sussex .	Martin-Jenkins ' death comes three days after passing of cricket great Tony Greig He was cricket correspondent for BBC , Daily Telegraph , The Times and editor of The Cricketer He was president of Marylebone Cricket Club from 2010-2011 Martin-Jenkins is being remembered as "  the very best " in cricket journalism
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-NY , and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-SC , are demonstrating real leadership on a tough issue . The issue : immigration . Their solution : a comprehensive reform bill combining enforcement with earned legal status for illegal immigrants , which they appear ready to introduce any day now . But before Congress returns to a debate that tied it up in knots a few years ago , and before Americans begin arguing -- on talk radio and blogs , at water coolers and Little League games -- over what to do about border security , workforce needs , the process for immigrating legally , and the status of 10.3 million illegal immigrants , we need to be absolutely clear about why the United States has so much illegal immigration in the first place . Until we can answer that question candidly and without regard for hurt feelings , we 'll never be able to curb the future flow of illegal immigrants . Americans remember the debate over the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act , which offered amnesty to nearly 2.7 million illegal immigrants . Now , many of them want a guarantee that , if they go along with offering illegal immigrants what would this time be a conditional legal status  as opposed to "  amnesty "  , they wo n't have to go through all this again in another 24 years . Well , that 's up to us -- and how we address the question : Why does the United States have so much illegal immigration ? The answer is not as simple as what you hear from the right -- that we have n't been serious about border enforcement , and have instead created a social services magnet that draw migrants north in search of free benefits . And it 's not as simple as what you hear from the left -- that trade deals like NAFTA have destroyed the Mexican economy and thus propelled immigrants north in search of higher wages . It 's not just because of porous borders , or a reluctance to punish employers who hire illegal immigrants , or because Mexico is a "  failed state " that ca n't provide enough jobs for its own people . Everyone likes to point fingers . And no one wants to accept any degree of responsibility for the problem . That 's what many Americans find so appealing about this fantastical rhetoric about how the country is experiencing an "  invasion " as if we were all sitting in our backyards and minding our own business when , over the horizon , came an army of nannies , gardeners , housekeepers , short-order cooks , chamber maids , construction workers and farm laborers demanding to do our chores . Why does the United States have so much illegal immigration ? I know the answer . It 's my fault . It 's because of me , and tens of millions of other Americans just like me . We create the demand for illegal immigrant labor not because of anything we do but because of all the things that we will not do -- at any wage . Even as someone who juggles several jobs , I have to admit that my work ethic -- especially for hard , physical labor -- is a distant second to that of my immigrant grandfather who came from Mexico legally in the early 1900 's . My grandfather was a farm worker who would make it a point to show up to a job early and start working a half hour before he clocked in , as his way of showing appreciation to his employer for hiring him . There are days when my employer does n't see me before noon , because I 'm writing somewhere else or giving a speech or making my kids breakfast . My grandfather would do any kind of work without complaint and graciously accept whatever wages were offered because he felt as if the employer was doing him a favor by giving him a way to support his family . When I start a new job , I instinctively negotiate for a higher salary and more vacation time than I had at my last one -- that is , more money for less work -- and I usually feel like I 'm doing the employer a favor by showing up . Now multiply me by 10 million or 20 million . And amplify it for all those Americans who are younger than me , those 18-to-35-year-olds who have been raised by their parents to shun hard work and think of themselves as special and entitled to high-paying and non-strenuous jobs that are also emotionally satisfying . If Americans want to stop importing foreign workers , either legally or illegally , then we had better start producing domestic workers who will do the kinds of hard and dirty jobs that our grandparents did without complaint -- and that now , these many years later , most of us wo n't do without complaining . You wo n't hear that from members of Congress . They 're too worried about staying popular with constituents , and insulting parenting skills would not be helpful . But lawmakers have to get over that , and start dealing with the issue of illegal immigration with honesty and courage . Or they 'll only make the problem worse . Listen up , Congress . A lot of you like to beat your chests and talk tough on this issue . Well , in this case , the problem is with your constituents . They 're the ones who need the scolding . Have at it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Two senators are crafting immigration reform legislation Navarrette : Nation troubled by idea of repeated amnesty periods for illegal immigrants He says key question is why the U.S. continues to attract so many illegal immigrants Navarrette : Answer is U.S. workers do n't like the hard , physical labor
Washington  CNN  -- A killer who sent a prosecutor a taunting letter about killing a 16-year-old girl died in Virginia 's electric chair Thursday night , the Richmond Times Dispatch reported . Paul Warner Powell was pronounced dead at 9:09 p.m. ET , the newspaper reported . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell had denied clemency and the U.S. Supreme Court in January refused to block the execution . Powell was convicted in the 1999 murder of Stacie Reed and the rape of her 14-year-old sister in their Manassas , Virginia , family home . Powell claimed double jeopardy after state prosecutors put him on trial for a second time in the killing . The high court in July delayed Powell 's execution while considering the broader constitutional claims , which were finally rejected . The killer rejected lethal injection , the state 's usual method of execution . "  I 'm hopeful this is the last legal chapter in the long history of this case , " said Powell 's prosecutor , Prince William County Commonwealth 's Attorney Paul Ebert . "  The survivors -- Stacie 's mother and -LSB- her sister -RSB- -- have really been traumatized by delay after delay . Hopefully they 're going to get some peace and closure after all these years . " CNN does not identify sexual assault victims without their permission , even though the surviving victim , now 25 , has talked publicly about the case . The crime shocked the Washington area . Stacie Reed knew Powell , then 20 and an admitted racist . The state 's highest court eventually threw out the 2000 verdict in the first trial , saying prosecutors had not proven other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old . Such "  aggravating " factors could include , rape , attempted rape or robbery in commission of the murder . The sexual assault and attempted murder of Stacie 's younger sister was upheld , and Powell was given a long prison sentence . Powell , believing he was free from execution , proceeded to write a taunting , profanity-filled letter from behind bars to Ebert , laying out explicit details of the crime unknown to investigators at the time . "  Since I have already been indicted on first degree murder and the Va. . Supreme Court said that I ca n't be charged with capital murder again , I figured I would tell you the rest of what happened on Jan. 29 , 1999 , to show you how stupid all of y' all ... are , " wrote Powell , who is white . He said he had gone to the Reed house to confront Stacie for dating a black boyfriend . He admitted pinning the victim , threatening to rape her , then stabbing her in the heart when the girl resisted . He then stomped on her throat . "  I guess I forgot to mention these events when I was being questioned . Ha Ha ! " he wrote in 2001 . "  Do you just hate yourself for being so stupid ... and saving me ? " The killer also said that after that crime , he waited in the house until the younger girl returned from school , then attacked her , leaving her for dead . In the meantime , he drank iced tea from the family refrigerator and smoked a cigarette , part of the forensic evidence that investigators used to place Powell at the scene of the crime . With this firsthand account from Powell , he was indicted again and charged with murder and attempted rape of Stacie -- a capital-eligible crime . He again was convicted , and federal and state courts subsequently upheld the conviction on appeal . The Supreme Court appeal is Powell v. Kelly  09-21  .	Paul Warner Powell was convicted of murdering Stacie Reed and raping her sister Afterward , he wrote a taunting letter to the prosecutor giving new details of the crime In a second trial , his admission of attempted rape of Stacie got him the death penalty The U.S. Supreme Court in January refused to block the execution
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Germany has indefinitely closed off access to the general public to the cupola and the rooftop terrace of the Reichstag parliament building , the parliament 's press office said Monday . Accredited groups of visitors can still access the building , as can visitors to the restaurant on the roof . A cupola is a dome-like accent , normally located on the top of a building . The Reichstag cupola is multi-storied providing views of the Berlin landscape and also the main hall of parliament below . The German Bundestag is the only parliament building in the world to house a public restaurant , according to its operators . The press office said access to the building was limited due to security reasons , but did not elaborate . On Saturday , German police denied a news report that said terrorists may have been planning a strike on the parliament building , saying no specific attack threat exists . "  We have no firm lead on a specific location of a potential attack , or names or groups , " said Joerg Ziercke , head of the Federal Criminal Police Office . Der Spiegel , a German weekly magazine , reported earlier Saturday that members and associates of al Qaeda were planning an attack on the building in Berlin . The building is a top tourist destination . The magazine did not identify its sources , which reportedly said the group would seek to take hostages . "  What Der Spiegel wrote is to be seen and understood in context with the overall assessment of potential targets being possibly highly symbolic places , buildings , venues , " said Ziercke . "  We investigate some specific persons , but we can not yet make connections to specific threats on specific locations or type of attacks . Der Spiegel is speculating . " The magazine reported that information about the planned attack came from a "  jihadist " who wants to abandon the group . According to the tipster , the terror cell is made up of six people , two of whom are already believed to be in Berlin , Der Spiegel said . Earlier this week , Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said concrete evidence had emerged of a possible attack planned in Germany , but he did not offer specifics . The United States issued a general travel alert for Americans in Europe last month amid concerns that al Qaeda or related groups might be planning attacks similar to the 2008 massacre in the Indian city of Mumbai .	Der Spiegel reports an attack may have been planned on the Reichstag building The publication does not identify its sources The building is a top tourist destination
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- U.S. helicopters carrying food hovered above the ground in one area of the battered Haitian capital on Saturday , flinging out boxes to the anxious crowd . It was a chaotic scene as hundreds of Haitians without food and water for four days swarmed toward the boxes , ignoring the wind and dust kicked up from the helicopters ' blades . A similar scene erupted Friday when a food convoy with the World Food Programme was forced to leave an area after men in the crowd starting pushing and shoving their way to the trucks . Elsewhere , people stood in long , orderly lines for food , according to a CNN crew , although anxiety about whether there was enough to go around permeated the wait . In Petionville , a suburb of Port-au-Prince , U.S. troops handed out about 2,500 meals Saturday , before they ran out . Seventy soldiers arrived with the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division in Petionville to set up a distribution base and a landing zone for helicopters . They began handing out meals about 2 p.m. "  Our goal is to get supplies out to the people who need it the most , " Col. Mike Foster said . "  We got a good start . " Authorities set up more than a dozen aid distribution points across battered Port-au-Prince , as aid workers toted medical supplies into the battered island nation . Still , although some progress could be observed four days after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , problems persisted . Get the latest developments on Haiti A CNN crew observed U.N. World Food Programme personnel who were trying to move food from a warehouse damaged from the earthquake . The building has large cracks up its side , weakening the walls . Its doors could not be forced fully open to allow a forklift through , so workers were painstakingly hand-carrying the supplies out . Despite the difficulties , the Haitian ambassador to the United States , Raymond Joseph , said he did not believe that violence will increase , as long as distribution of food continues . "  I think it wo n't get any more violent than it is now , " he said . Also Saturday , former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kicked off a fundraising drive -- a donation push called the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , similar to the appeal led by Clinton and Bush 's father , former President George H.W. Bush , for the victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami . The drive was announced at the White House , with President Obama flanked by Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush . "  We 're moving forward with one of the largest relief efforts in our history to save lives and to deliver relief that averts an even larger catastrophe , " Obama said . Obama said his predecessors will tap into "  the incredible generosity , the ingenuity , the can-do spirit " of Americans . See full coverage of Haiti The leaders said the best way for Americans to help Haiti is to donate money . "  I know a lot of people want to send blankets or water , " Bush said . "  Just send your cash . " Aid delivery has been slowed by damaged roads , the destroyed port and bottlenecks at the airport . As TV images showed people jostling for aid , U.S. officials reiterated what they said has been a continuation of relief efforts : Ongoing search and rescue operations ; the establishment of 14 aid distribution points ; finding alternatives to the damaged port , distributing water containers , water purification units , medical supplies , and establishing medical clinics and field hospitals . Israel was establishing a field hospital to treat thousands of victims from the earthquake , expected to absorb 500 casualties a day . The U.N. World Food Programme said it plans to reach 2 million people "  with one-week rations of ready-to-eat food , " and UNICEF said it is distributing water purification tablets , dehydration salts and other supplies , specifically to halt diarrhea infections and diseases . The U.S. Southern Command said the military is supplying many resources . About 4,200 U.S. military personnel are currently supporting task force operations , and 6,300 military personnel are scheduled to arrive by Monday , the command said . Aid efforts from the USS Carl Vinson , an aircraft carrier off the coast of Haiti , were in full gear Saturday , with flights transporting concrete-breaking equipment , medical supplies and water . Some of those flights are ferrying aid from the airport to the surrounding region and choppers have rescued two American citizens . The U.S. Agency for International Development said Saturday that the USS Carl Vinson has delivered more than 30 pallets of relief supplies for transport by helicopters . The U.S. Naval Ship Comfort pushed out of the Port of Baltimore for Haiti on Saturday and is expected to arrive late next week . A full-scale medical hospital , the craft is equipped with one of the largest trauma facilities in the United States . It was in Port-au - Prince in 2007 , and again in 2009 , on humanitarian missions , and its medical workers tended to many Haitians during those visits . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Haiti on Saturday , with top relief officials and aid . She returned to the States later Saturday with Americans who had been evacuated , State Department officials said . USAID chief , Rajiv Shah , who as traveling with Clinton , said some roads have been cleared in Haiti and that water purifications systems have been sent . A major shipment of medical aid was being trucked to Haiti through the Dominican Republic , which shares the Caribbean island of Hispaniola with Haiti , a Red Cross spokesman said . Six truckloads of "  urgently needed medical equipment , " including a field hospital , and 50 people specializing in health , water , and sanitation , were en route , he said . A Finnish Red Cross plane also landed in Port-au-Prince with a "  badly needed mobile medical clinic , he said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Arthur Brice , Elise Labott , Laurie Ure and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	U.S. troops handed out about 2,500 meals Saturday in Port-au-Prince suburb Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush kick off fundraising drive USS Carl Vinson brings helicopters , hospital beds and operating rooms 4,200 U.S. military personnel currently supporting operations , 6,300 scheduled by Monday
CNN  -- Honduras ' de facto president said Thursday that he is willing to resign and let ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya back into the country , as long as Zelaya gives up his quest for leadership . Ousted Honduras leader Jose Manuel Zelaya may be allowed to return to his country under certain conditions . The new proposal calls for the person next in line , as required by the constitution , to succeed de facto President Roberto Micheletti . Under terms of the proposal , Zelaya could return as a private citizen , but not be allowed to resume his post . Presidential elections held after both resigned would be monitored by international observers such as the Organization of American States and the European Union , according to the proposal . Zelaya did not immediately issue a response to the offer . Until now , Micheletti has made clear that Zelaya would be arrested if he returned . The offer comes two months after Zelaya was seized by the military in his pajamas and forced to leave the country . Micheletti has insisted that Zelaya was not overthrown and was replaced through constitutional means . The political crisis stemmed from Zelaya 's plan to hold a referendum that could have changed the constitution and allowed longer term limits . The country 's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal . The Organization of American States sent a delegation to Honduras on Tuesday to promote the so-called San Jose Accord , which seeks an end to the political turmoil and the return of Zelaya to office . Micheletti 's government declined to sign the agreement . On Thursday , the United States said it was considering cutting off all aid to Honduras . Washington froze its assistance to Honduras after Zelaya was removed from office and stopped issuing visas in the Central American country earlier this week . Further steps could choke off as much $ 200 million in additional aid dispensed by the Millennium Challenge Corporation , funded by the U.S. government . The United Nations and the European Union also have said that they do not recognize Micheletti 's provisional government .	Honduras interim leader agrees to step down if former president will not seek post Jose Manuel Zelaya was removed from office in June , sought to change constitution U.S. considers cutting off aid to Central American country
CNN  -- Think back over your favorite blockbusters this year . How many of them starred women in leading roles ? Chances are , the answer is slim to none . In 2014 , women led 18 % of the year 's 50 highest-grossing movies , according to a study by BoxOffice.com . For every Jennifer Lawrence in "  The Hunger Games , " there 's "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " and "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " -- all starring vehicles for  white  male actors . Unfortunately , this disparity is nothing new . Statistically speaking , male led films have trumped female led films for years . In 2013 , men led 80 % of the highest grossing movies released . The year before that , male actors dominated the box office by 84 % . In 2011 , it was by 88 % . Yet it 's still women who show up in theaters and fuel box office receipts . Last year , three out of five of the highest grossing films had female audiences that were higher than male audiences , according to data released by the Motion Picture Association of America . "  Hunger Games : Catching Fire , " "  Despicable Me 2 " and "  Monsters University " were the three highest grossing films of 2013 that skewed female . "  Man of Steel " and "  Iron Man 3 " were the two remaining films that attracted male audiences . Female film fans "  also drive ticket sales for movies that you would n't always expect , " said Phil Contrino , vice president and chief analyst at BoxOffice.com . "  Opening weekend of ` World War Z , ' for example , more women showed up to the theaters than men . " And women do n't only represent in theaters ; they 're also largely behind the social media conversations that drive moviegoers to theaters . Susan Cartsonis , chairwoman at the Women in Film Foundation , said women are responsible for over 60 % of messaging over social media . "  The female audience is a very enthusiastic , underserved audience . We go to see movies with our girlfriends , men and children and we want to tell everyone we know about it , " Cartsonis said . These social media conversations are not just limited to your regular female moviegoer . Mindy Kaling and Elizabeth Banks spread the good word about "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " which was both male led and the No. 1 grossing movie in the 2014 box office . Both stars reached well over 1 million Twitter followers in their posting . So women will fill movie theaters and tweet with abandon in support of some of Hollywood 's biggest films . But for some reason , Hollywood seems incapable of making movies about and starring women . There is no easy answer as to why that is , but filmmaker Paul Feig believes the problem lies in a lack of strong material for actresses . "  Women  - led  films do n't make as much money internationally , but I 've seen the material that 's being generated for women and it 's not that good , " Feig said . "  It 's just missing something character-wise . " Feig broke new ground with his 2011 hit comedy , "  Bridesmaids , " which gained unprecedented attention from both men and women . The vision was simple : Round up some of the industry 's funniest actresses and have them portray what it 's like when different women are thrown together in a bridal party . Not only did it bring in a ton of money , but many credited it for making enduring headway for women in film . Feig does not completely agree . He said "  Bridesmaids " opened the door , but not wide enough : "  There 's still not enough roles for women in film and it 's distressing . " Another issue is that the roles that do exist may just feed back into long-held gender stereotypes . As Kristen Wiig , a colleague of Feig 's who co-wrote and starred in "  Bridesmaids , " told CNN , women in film are moving in the right direction if they are not playing "  the nagging wife or the crazy neighbor . " There seems to be hope on the horizon . At the moment , there are two films gaining awards season buzz that are positioning themselves as a step in the right direction : Reese Witherspoon 's "  Wild " and Jennifer Aniston 's "  Cake . " In "  Cake , " Aniston stars as a woman suffering from chronic pain and emotional madness , pushing away the ones she loves the most . With "  Wild , " Witherspoon plays an unstable , reckless character in search of light at the end of the tunnel after the death of her mother . "  I feel like the past few years we have seen less of these women on our screen , " said "  Wild 's " producer Bruna Papandrea , who longs for strong , iconic characters like those in "  Thelma and Louise "  1990  and "  Network "  1976  . "  Women are speaking up now for more of what they want to see and they are driving the social conversation . " But if we 're ever going to truly close the gap between lead roles for men and women , it will have to be more than the audience demanding for it to happen . There would also need to be more filmmakers like Feig , who 's made it blatantly clear that he sees no reason to constantly tell movies from a male point of view . For his upcoming "  Ghostbusters " reboot , Feig has decided on a female cast , a decision that earned him criticism from skeptics . Despite the flak over social media , Feig said he "  just wants to level the playing field . " After all , he pointed out , "  the funniest people I know are women . "	Despite steps toward equality , women once again underrepresented on screen in 2014 Women led 18 % of the highest grossing films of the year But they make up significant numbers in ticket sales , social media conversations Does "  Cake " or "  Wild " have what it takes to be the next "  Bridesmaids " ?
CNN  -- Reports of a lone child having survived Tuesday 's crash of a Yemenia Airways flight in the Indian Ocean have people wondering : How does anyone survive a plane crash ? Part of a United Airlines DC-10 lies next to the runway in Sioux City , Iowa , after the plane crashed in July 1989 . "  I just do n't think there 's any pattern to survivability . It 's just luck of the draw and depends on how the plane goes in , " said aviation expert John Eakin , head of Air Data Research in Helotes , Texas . Not counting Tuesday 's disaster , there have been 12 airliner crashes since 1970 that yielded a sole survivor , according to data compiled by Dr. Todd Curtis , director of the Airsafe.com Foundation . Five of those survivors were minors and four were crew members , accounting for 75 percent of the total . "  I ca n't figure out for the life of me why crew members and children tend to be disproportionate in these sole-survivor events , " Curtis said . Watch what happened to the Yemenia flight " One factor favoring flight crew members is their location in the sturdy cockpit and proximity to windows , he said . Flight attendants often use shoulder harnesses when they are seated , aviation writer David Noland added . Where one is seated is a factor only in that it helps to be far from the point of impact , Eakin said . "  I do n't think there 's any particular type of aircraft or position in an aircraft which is more survivable , because it pretty much depends on what type of accident -- it depends on how the aircraft impacts , " Eakin said . "  Sometimes , the survivors are all located in the tail , sometimes in the forward fuselage . I do n't think there 's any rhyme or reason to it . " A 2007 Popular Mechanics magazine article , researched and written by Noland , presented a different view . Noland analyzed 20 U.S. airline crashes in which at least one person lived and one person died . The statistics indicate that seats farther back in a plane are safer in crashes , the article said . "  Passengers near the tail of a plane are about 40 percent more likely to survive a crash than those in the first few rows up front , " Noland wrote . Passengers in seats behind the wings had a 69 percent survival rate in crashes that included at least one fatality , Noland wrote . Those with seats in coach areas over and forward of the wings survived 56 percent of the time , and passengers in first class and business class had a 49 percent survival rate , he found . "  To me , it 's fairly obvious : You hit something going fast and obviously , the front is going to get crunched more than the back , " Noland told CNN . "  To quote one -LSB- National Transportation Safety Board -RSB- guy , ` Planes do n't back into mountains . ' " Even in other types of crashes -- runway overruns , forced landings , etc. -- the plane is always going forward , so the front takes the impact , Noland said . "  That 's why they put the crash recorders in the tail , " he said . Wide-bodied aircraft -- such as the Boeing 747 and 777 and the Airbus A310 and A330 -- tend to yield more survivors than smaller ones , Curtis said . He chalked up that trend to what he called the SUV theory : Larger crush zones provide more and larger areas of survivability . Both Curtis and Eakin pointed to the July 1989 crash of United Airlines Flight 232 in Sioux City , Iowa . Spectacular video footage showed the McDonnell-Douglas DC-10 cartwheeling down an airport runway as pilot Al Haynes and first officer William Records tried to land the airliner without hydraulic controls . Of the 296 people aboard the plane , 111 were killed but 185 survived . "  Anyone looking at that crash at first , the video , would say , ` Well gee , how could anybody survive this ? ' " Curtis said . "  That was kind of a classic . A bunch of people survived that , " Eakin said . "  It looked terrible , and still so many people walked away from that . And there was no real pattern to where the survivors were located . " Availability of an escape route may be the biggest determining factor , Eakin said . "  If the impact is survivable , that 's the next challenge : getting the heck out of the thing , " he said . "  I think in Sioux City , a lot of the survivors exited through cracks in the fuselage . That 's kind of the ultimate escape route , but you got ta do whatever you got ta do to get out . " He noted the January 15 ditching of a US Airways Airbus A320 in New York 's Hudson River , in which no one was killed and injuries were minimal , although the craft quickly filled with cold water . "  That really demonstrated how important it is to get out quickly , " Eakin said . Proximity of rescue equipment and personnel is key to survival too , Curtis said . If fires can be extinguished and survivors taken to hospitals quickly , victims have a better chance of surviving , he said . Despite his statistical evidence that the rear of the plane is safer , writer Noland does n't seek out a back seat when he flies . "  I try to get a window seat , " he said . "  Planes are so safe , it 's unbelievable how safe they are . The odds of a crash are so minuscule that I do n't even worry about it . "	Child reportedly survives crash of airliner in Indian Ocean Aviation experts say survival depends on type of impact , "  luck of the draw " Statistical analysis shows rear of the plane is safer , writer says
As the shock sinks in of North Korea 's extraordinary announcement of the execution of leader Kim Jong Un 's uncle and former protector , government officials and analysts are trying to decipher what the brutal move means . The ruthless disposal of Jang Song Thaek -- Kim 's uncle by marriage who had , until recently , been regarded as the second-most powerful figure in the secretive , nuclear-armed nation -- has serious implications for North Korea , its neighbors and the United States , observers said . But exactly what is going on inside the notoriously opaque North Korea regime remains as murky as ever . "  We do n't have a clear sense of this at all , " said Victor Cha , a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies who represented the United States in nuclear talks with North Korea . Some saw the execution , which North Korean state media reported early Friday , as a chilling demonstration of total control by Kim , the young leader who came to power two years ago . "  I think what he 's telling people -- the United States , South Korea , China , others -- is that he is his own man , that you are going to have to deal with him , " said Philip Yun , executive director of the Ploughshares Fund , a nuclear nonproliferation group . Who is Jang ? Jang , who was married to Kim 's aunt , was vice chairman of North Korea 's top military body and had often been pictured beside the young leader , who is believed to be around 30 . He was considered to be the regent who secured Kim 's assumption of power after the 2011 death of his father , Kim Jong Il . But in a lengthy article foaming with outraged rhetoric , North Korea 's official news agency on Friday accused Jang of trying to overthrow the state , describing him as "  despicable human scum . " One big question is whether Kim acted out of strength , consolidating the power he has amassed over the past two years , or out of fear his uncle was building a rival force inside the regime . Kim already removed the country 's top general last year , Cha noted . By taking down Jang , he 's axed a powerful figure from the country 's dominant Workers ' Party . "  It makes you wonder : If he 's consolidating his power , what is he building it around ? " Cha said . "  He 's basically attacking the two most important institutions in North Korea , which is the party and the military . " A U.S. official said , "  Executing someone with Jang 's pedigree would be a dramatic statement that Kim Jong Un intends to be ruthless in consolidating his control . "  The public airing of the power play under way -- which is highly unusual -- is probably sending shockwaves through North Korea 's leadership cadre . " Provocative moves Few analysts interpreted the execution , which took place days after the North had said Jang had been dramatically removed from his government posts , as a healthy sign . "  If two weeks ago , we thought that North Korea was somewhat stable , I think today people feel that it 's not as stable as we thought it was , " said Cha , author of "  The Impossible State : North Korea , Past and Future . " Suh Sang-ki , a lawmaker in South Korea 's governing Saenuri Party who sits on a parliamentary intelligence committee , said the decision to kill Jang suggests Kim 's power is weaker than that of his father . In a statement issued after a phone briefing from South Korea 's National Intelligence Service , Suh said the execution appeared to be a pre-emptive effort to prevent any internal unrest over Jang 's ouster . Analysts said North Korea was likely to continue with the provocative moves under Kim that have strained its relations with South Korea , the United States and others . "  I think there 's going to be a clear amount of brinksmanship , " said Yun of the Ploughshares Fund . "  I think if we continue to wait for him to do things , he 's going to continue to shoot missiles , and he 'll probably at some point decide to test a nuclear weapon . " Missile and nukes North Korea carried out a long-range rocket launch a year ago and an underground nuclear test , its third so far , in February . The U.N. sanctions that followed were met by a barrage of threatening rhetoric from Pyongyang , directed at South Korea and the United States , which ratcheted up tensions in the region . The situation has calmed since , and the North and South have resumed dialogue . The two sides have agreed to meet next week in their joint industrial zone on the North 's side of the border . But with the anniversary of Kim Jong Il 's death , last year 's rocket launch and now Jang 's execution , Seoul is keeping a close eye on Pyongyang 's actions , officials said . The South Korean defense ministry said Friday that no unusual activities by the North Korean military had been detected . "  December has always been a month in which something happens with North Korea , " Cha said . "  And we 're only halfway through it . " In Washington , a State Department official acknowledged having seen the report of Jang 's execution . "  While we can not independently verify this development , we have no reason to doubt the official KCNA report , " deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement , referring to North Korea 's state news agency . "  If confirmed , this is another example of the extreme brutality of the North Korean regime . We are following developments in North Korea closely and consulting with our allies and partners in the region , " Harf added . China , whose senior officials were considered to have close ties to Jang , described the recent developments as North Korea 's "  internal affairs . " Beijing hopes and believes that relations between the two countries "  will continue  to  advance healthily and steadily , " Hong Lei , a foreign ministry spokesman , said at a regular briefing Friday . Opinion : How Kim Jong Un got rid of his uncle ` Worse than a dog ' The official North Korean report on the execution said a special military tribunal had been held Thursday against Jang , who was accused of trying to overthrow the state "  by all sorts of intrigues and despicable methods . " It added , "  All the crimes committed by the accused were proved in the course of hearing and were admitted by him . " Once his guilt was established , Jang was immediately executed , it said . The KCNA report described Jang as a "  traitor for all ages " and "  worse than a dog , " saying he had betrayed his party and leader . Jang and his allies were accused of double-dealing behind the scenes , "  dreaming different dreams " and selling the country 's resources at cheap prices , thereby threatening North Korea 's economic development , according to a KCNA statement this week . "  Jang desperately worked to form a faction within the party by creating illusion about him and winning those weak in faith and flatterers to his side , " the statement said . It also accused Jang of womanizing , drug use , gambling , eating at expensive restaurants and undergoing medical treatment in a foreign country . Friday 's KCNA report said Jang distributed pornographic pictures among his confidants and took at least 4.6 million euros  $ 6.3 million  "  from his secret coffers and squandered it in 2009 alone . " Analysis : North Korean execution raises more questions than answers	North Korea seems "  not as stable as we thought , " one analyst says Some observers warn a provocative move like a missile or nuclear test could follow Jang Song Thaek was married to Kim 's aunt , was vice chairman of the top military body North Korea state media say Jang was convicted and executed
CNN  Saturday 's downhill at Kitzbhel is the jewel in the World Cup calendar , the winner meriting legendary status in the alpine annals . Like any budding skier , Daniel Albrecht had always dreamed of triumphing at the foot of Austria 's Hahnenkamm mountain but instead , six years ago , he lay face down on the snow , out cold within meters of the finish line . Online footage of the crash -- memorable to everyone except Albrecht who can not remember anything from the day before the incident to three weeks hence -- is not for the faint-hearted . At the time , he had been the rising star of Swiss skiing with four World Cup wins to his name and a solitary world title -- the 2007 Super Combined . On a training run with the finish line in sight , he approached the final jump . A minor error on his part -- exacerbated by the fact he was traveling at 140 kph  87 mph  -- saw his skis flap wildly out of control as he battled to regain his balance for 40 meters in the air before landing heavily on his back . Albrecht suffered a brain injury and a bruised lung , was airlifted to hospital and placed in a coma for three weeks to give both his brain and lung the best chance of recovery . "  It was a hard time , " he recalls . "  You have to learn your name , your age , all this stuff . " His first memory was of a hospital ceiling and it was three weeks after regaining consciousness that he once again remembered his name and the fact he had been a top skier . "  The last memory I have is from the day before . The feeling was great because the slope was in good shape and I was fast in first training and I was skiing easily . I knew that I was going to be fast in this race . Then , yeah , it was too fast ! " Albrecht is able to laugh as he retells the incident , in part helped by the fact he has no recall of the savage beating he took on the final meters of the Kitzbhel course even after watching it back on a few occasions . To him , it is as though he is watching someone else 's dramatic and sudden alpine downfall , and without emotion . "  If I watch myself in Kitzbhel then I feel like it was n't me because I do n't have any memory of him . I know that he was me , I see that it was me but , for me , it was not a person . I was out of my body . " In the early weeks of his recovery from his brain trauma he did not have the strength to even feed himself . However , slowly but surely he got up to speed although he admits "  I have something -LSB- his brain -RSB- that does n't work so good like before . So I 'm always in recovery . " Today , he gets tired quicker and his temper frays more readily than prior to the accident . But remarkably , it did not end his career , rather it was a dislocated left kneecap after crashing in another training run at Lake Louise , Canada in November 2012 that finally called time on his professional career on the slopes . Amazingly , it was just a week after being released from the neurological unit that cared for him that he was back skiing despite the inherent dangers of the sport . "  The first time I was on skis , I thought ` okay , shit , this is a nice feeling , I wan na go back in the World Cup ' , " he recalls . "  I got down okay -LSB- the first time -RSB- but it was not so easy because then when I see I have to make a turn and then the brain had to tell the knee what to do . Everything was in slow motion . " Slow as the process may have seemed initially , within two years , he was back on the World Cup circuit although not quite the same force he previously was . There were to be no further World Cup wins , not that he minded enormously . He still recalls the feeling of being in the start gate for that first race back : "  It was a great feeling . I was a bit nervous . Then I told me , okay , it 's the first race , just ski easily . Then it was so good , the feeling was so great and I was also fast . " On his return to the sport , the doctors had warned him he might suffer headaches at altitude . He never did . He was also warned about the perilous nature of another knock to the head . "  Skiing is dangerous and it 's always going to be in a little way dangerous . But if you are a skier , if you are a pro , if you 're the downhill , it 's not so dangerous because you know what you can do , you know how it works and , for us , Kitzbhel , when you ski it 's easy . " Persuading his family , his wife in particular , of that fact was the harder part but , in the end , they knew they could not stand in the way of his desire and the thing that made him tick as a human being . The return was relatively short-lived , his knee putting pay to his ambitions to once more get to the very top of the sport . Having his career cut short was hard . "  My body told me that ` no , it 's over now . You came back , you were in the World Cup again , you did it , you have you 're whole life in front of you ' . " Now , he runs his own clothes line , Albright , and also mentors young skiers giving the 30-year-old a new career in the sport . Part of him , the racer within , would like to be in that start gate to tackle the slope on which he was lucky to survive . But he 's just happy to have had a second chance at life .	It is six years since Daniel Albrecht suffered brain trauma on the Kitzbhel downhill Remarkably , he returned from the injury to the World Cup circuit two years after the event On the eve of the Kitzbhel downhill , he relives an accident he remembers nothing about Today , he has his own clothing line and mentor 's up-and-coming skiers
After a slow start , Apple 's iPhone has jumped to India 's second largest smartphone supplier by pushing phones to Mom-and-Pop shops in the world 's fastest growing smartphone market . Although Apple is still catching up to other smartphone makers like Samsung , analysts say Apple is finally taking India seriously . "  In Q4 , Apple has turned out to be the number two player in India . And this means that they have done a significant shift in their positioning , " said Venu Reddy , research director at IDC , the technology market research firm . "  Suddenly , everyone was throwing their Blackberries , Samsungs , Nokias and everyone was kind of changing to an i-Phone , " said customer Akanshya Balram . Samsung remains India 's strongest smartphone brand , with 38.8 % of market share in terms of revenue , followed by Apple with 15.6 % , Sony  9.4 %  and Nokia  7.3 %  , according to IDC > Apple 's success has been attributed to its ability to adapt to India 's smartphone distribution market , where most electronics are sold through small , family-owned shops . Mobile phones in India are not subsidized by telecom operators , unlike other parts of the world . "  The reality of the Indian market in general is that the most of the electronics are bought at individual shops , maybe because of the nature of the buying behavior of the Indian market itself , " said Gurvinder Singh , from Global Gadgets , an Apple dealer . Prior to Apple 's change in strategy an i-Phone in India cost nearly 30 % more than in the U.S. , and customers has to wait as long as a year for delivery .	Apple 's iPhone has become India 's second largest smartphone supplier Its success has been attributed to better distribution and promotion Samsung remains India 's number one brand in terms of revenue
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- In 1989 , the warnings were dire . The Spike Lee film "  Do the Right Thing , " critics and columnists said , would provoke violence and disrupt race relations . Spike Lee : "  I wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time . " "  This movie is dynamite under every seat , " wrote Newsweek 's Jack Kroll . Other commentators believed the film would harm the candidacy of David Dinkins , an African-American who was running for mayor of New York . It might even spark riots at movie theaters , they thought . Instead , what the film provoked was ... talk . There were no riots . Dinkins was elected . "  Do the Right Thing " had a successful run at the box office -- if not as successful as Lee and his supporters hoped -- and was nominated for two Academy Awards . Twenty years later , the film still maintains a hold on the imagination . In 2007 , the American Film Institute ranked it as one of the 100 best American films . Roger Ebert , who has written he cried when he first saw the film at the Cannes Film Festival , still considers the film a wonder : "  Spike Lee had done an almost impossible thing . He 'd made a movie about race in America that empathized with all the participants , " he wrote in 2001 . So what is the thing about "  Do the Right Thing ? " Watch Spike Lee describe things in his own words " Part of its staying power is in its boldness , both in look and action . Lee 's first two films , "  She 's Got ta Have It "  1986  and "  School Daze "  1988  , had marked him as a rising young filmmaker . But it was "  Do the Right Thing , " made when Lee was just 32 , that showcased his confidence , from the deliberately striking color scheme  bright reds and oranges that make a hot day seem even hotter  to its heightened -- sometimes stagy -- atmosphere , to its grim , documentary-style riot climax . Then there was its willingness to address issues head-on . Lee has said he wrote the film quickly , upset by racial incidents roiling New York City in the 1980s .  In one , the 1986 Howard Beach tragedy , three black men who had wandered into the largely Italian neighborhood by mistake were beaten by a group of white teens ; one of the men was killed as he fled across a nearby highway . "  When I wrote the script ... New York City was a very polarized city , racially , " he said . "  I wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time . " He was also determined to roll in other clashes between poor locals and gentrifying whites , between police and citizenry , even between men and women . That friction takes a simple , sketchy plot -- a scorching day in the life of Brooklyn 's Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood -- and turns it into a series of tense standoffs . The generally African-American residents are trying to beat the heat . Sal , an Italian pizza shop owner , oversees his corner business . A local agitator , Buggin Out , crosses Sal . Sal 's prejudiced son Pino faces off with Mookie , the delivery man played by Lee . The residents grumble at the Korean grocer . But all is more or less calm until Sal busts the boombox of the defiant Radio Raheem , and then hell breaks loose . The passion of "  Do the Right Thing " is obvious : "  Opinion will always be divided on ... ` Do the Right Thing , ' " wrote The New Yorker 's Anthony Lane . "  But it remains a thrilling panorama of social crackup -- a wide and worthy development of themes that Lee had been mulling since ` She 's Got ta Have It . ' " The film also boasts indelible performances -- Lee , Danny Aiello as Sal , Giancarlo Esposito as Buggin Out , Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee as Da Mayor and Mother Sister , John Turturro as Pino -- and memorable music , a mix of jazz penned by Lee 's father , Bill , and the Public Enemy song "  Fight the Power . " But perhaps the real reason people talk about "  Do the Right Thing " two decades on is because it 's still relevant . Lee makes the point that race issues have n't vanished simply because America has a black president . "  It 's not like this thing has disappeared because -LCB- President Obama -RCB- is in the White House , " he said . Some things have improved , particularly the atmosphere in New York itself , he said . But , "  We 've got a lot of work to do . " Ironically , some of that work has to be done at Hollywood studios . Though Lee is quick to credit Universal and its then head Tom Pollock for championing the film , he said things have n't changed much in the movie business . "  Sports is so much more advanced than Hollywood , " he said . "  I can go for a meeting at a studio -LSB- and -RSB- the only black person I 'm going to see is the brother-man at the gate letting me in . "	"  Do the Right Thing " came out 20 years ago this summer Spike Lee film examined race issues in a tinderbox situation Lee sees film as still relevant : "  We 've got a lot of work to do " on race , he says
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Miami rapper Brisco lost $ 40,000 in jewelry and his luxury SUV when armed robbers stormed the barber shop where he was getting a trim , but the artist says the hold up may help his creativity . Security camera video showed Brisco , whose real name is British Mitchell , sitting in a barber chair when four armed men rush into the Miami , Florida , business , fire a few shots and order everyone , including the rapper , to the floor . "  He went to a barber shop to get his hair cut , " Miami Police Officer Jeffery Giordano told Miami TV station WSVN . "  They took a little bit more off the top than expected . " Brisco 's gold watch , bracelet , chain and pendant were taken from him , along with the keys to his Range Rover . The vehicle was later recovered , Giordano said . "  For a rapper to have his bling stolen , they might as well stolen that man 's heart , " Giordano said . Brisco , known for his songs about ghetto street life , said he was still alive and looking at the bright side . "  I 'll get bigger jewelry and still go hard , " Brisco said . "  It 's great material for my next album . " Music fans also know Brisco by his other nickname , the Opa Locka Goon , a reference to his south Florida hometown . The armed robbery took place July 29 in Miami 's Model City neighborhood .	Security video shows Brisco getting a trim when four armed men rush in Gold watch , bracelet , chain , pendant , Range Rover were stolen "  It 's great material for my next album , " rapper says
CNN  -- In mid-July this year , a roar echoed around one of the most remote inlets of northern Greenland -- and an island was born . No ordinary island , but a huge chunk of ice , roughly twice the size of Manhattan , that had broken from the Petermann Glacier . Scientists gave it the romantic name of PII-2012 and watched it begin to drift slowly into the Nares Strait , which separates Greenland from Canada . Then it began to break up , spawning several smaller ice islands . The birth of PII-2012 was no isolated event . The Petermann Glacier had lost a much larger chunk in 2010 . It also broke into fragments , though that may not be the right word . One of them alone was estimated to weigh 3.5 billion tonnes , or metric tons  3.86 billion short tons  , according to E. Julie Halliday , a researcher at Memorial University in Canada . Canada 's ice shelves are also retreating fast . And as the Arctic warms , both glaciers and ice-shelves are launching floating islands into the sea that may threaten shipping , the fishing industry and off-shore oil and gas platforms . The air around northern Greenland and Ellesmere Island has warmed by about 2.5 degrees Celsius in the past 25 years . Ocean temperatures in the Arctic are also thought to have risen , though there is less data on them . Halliday noted in a paper presented at the Arctic Technology Conference in Houston last week that while "  management of a 3.5 billion-tonne ice island away from offshore structures may theoretically be possible , putting it into practice would be logistically very challenging . " One option , she said , would be to cover the surface of the ice island with carbon , which would accelerate its melting , but "  the challenge then would become dealing with numerous smaller ice fragments as opposed to one large one . " And even a small one could be the size of a football stadium . Scientists are only now beginning to research these ice islands and the rate at which they melt and divide , especially as the Arctic waters warm and the restraining effect of sea ice disappears . They have been using Autonomous Underwater Vehicles -- the undersea equivalent of surveillance drones -- to map the underside of ice islands . Uncovering the secrets of Greenland 's ice After the 2010 "  calving " from the Petermann , several fragments between them containing billions of tons of ice drifted south along the Labrador coast , interfering with shipping in the Strait of Belle Isle . One traveled 150 miles  240 kilometers  in just one week . Derek Mueller , a researcher at Carleton University in Ontario , has been following one 12 million-tonne fragment that was one of the progeny of the 2010 calving of Petermann Glacier . Nicknamed Berghaus , it was still wandering around a year later near Bylot Island in Baffin Bay before finally disintegrating in the fall of 2011 . Mueller will be presenting his research at the ArcticNet conference in Vancouver next week . He says that in 2011 alone 3 billion tons of ice broke away from Canada 's major ice shelves on the northern coast of Ellesmere Island . Mueller told CNN that that Canada 's ice shelves have been diminishing for the past century . But the rate has accelerated dramatically in recent years , and today they are just half the size they were only seven years ago . As a graduate student , Mueller discovered a major crack in the Ward Hunt Ice Shelf in 2002 . On a visit six years later he was surprised to see the shelf riven with fissures . Since then it has largely disintegrated . The Serson Ice Shelf measured some 120 square kilometers  46 square miles  until some 60 % of it broke away in 2008 . Now there 's just 7 square kilometers left . "  The ice shelves are on their way out , " he told CNN . "  In several decades they may be gone altogether . " Ice islands may pose a greater threat than icebergs because they have a relatively shallow draft , Mueller says , which is often about 40 meters  130 feet  . "  This poses a significant risk to offshore platforms that are usually protected from massive icebergs by being situated in shallow waters , " he said , especially as exploration for oil grows in areas such as offshore Greenland , and the Beaufort and Chukchi seas . The same warmer temperatures that are encouraging the collapse of ice shelves are melting icebergs and ice islands before they reach the north Atlantic , according to the International Ice Patrol , a program led by the U.S. Coast Guard to protect shipping from the sort of disaster that befell the Titanic . In recent years the number of icebergs surviving south of the 48th parallel has declined , according to the Ice Patrol . Along with the decline in sea ice , the disappearance of ice shelves that are thought to be thousands of years old is rapidly changing the Arctic landscape . Ice shelves harbor surprisingly diverse collections of organisms in pools of sediment , organisms that might have value as enzymes capable of functioning in extreme cold and harsh light , Mueller said . They have also acted as a sort of barrier , protecting huge glaciers from exposure to warming waters . Now that the ice shelves are disintegrating , these glaciers -- which are up to 10 kilometers  6 miles  wide -- are thought to be melting more rapidly , and contributing to rising sea levels . Warmer temperatures in Greenland have led to widespread flooding in the southwest of the island as the ice sheet melts at rates unprecedented in the modern era . In the Scientific American blog last July , researcher Ben Linhoff wrote : "  In the four years our camp has existed on this glacial river , more meltwater is spilling out from beneath Leverett Glacier than we 've ever seen . " Were that process to continue or accelerate , many scientists say , the anticipated rise in sea levels over the next few decades may have to be revised upwards . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , in its annual Arctic Report Card , published this week , said dramatic melting of the Greenland ice sheet had occurred in July , "  covering about 97 percent of the ice sheet on a single day . " Martin Jeffries , co-author of the report , said on the NOAA website : "  As the sea ice and snow cover retreat , we 're losing bright , highly reflective surfaces , and increasing the area of darker surfaces -- both land and ocean -- exposed to sunlight . This increases the capacity to store heat within the Arctic system , which enables more melting -- a self-reinforcing cycle . " All the evidence says that what in effect is the world 's source of air conditioning is getting weaker , with consequences that will be felt far below the 48th parallel .	Greenland 's glaciers and Canada 's ice shelves are diminishing fast , scientists say Giant ice islands are breaking off , sometimes floating into shipping lanes Yet the number of icebergs surviving south of the 48th parallel has declined Scientists are just beginning to research the rate at which ice islands melt and divide
CNN  -- Alissa Welker would switch the lights on , off , on , off , on , off -- however many times it took to feel "  right . " When she was 9 , she 'd spend the equivalent of an adult workday doing these kinds of rituals . She also washed her hands excessively , avoided sick people and barely ate because she feared food poisoning . Mystery Almond has also felt that she needed to wash her hands more than most people , to the point that her classmates picked on her . She would see words spelled out in her head -- "  like reading a book " -- telling her to do things , like hitting a girl in second grade who taunted her for obsessing over hand washing . Alissa , 17 , and Mystery , 10 , have different symptoms , but they both have had feelings of needing to act in certain ways that are out of the ordinary , as well as intense fears . These are signs of obsessive-compulsive disorder , which is thought to affect 1 in 100 kids , according to the International OCD Foundation . "  Sometimes I feel like , with my OCD , I feel sad . It feels like a darkness has overtaken me . It 's a real bad feeling , " said Mystery , of Coushatta , Louisiana . Parents , kids , teens , school personnel and mental health providers have a comprehensive resource for learning about pediatric OCD at the International OCD Foundation 's new OCD in Kids website . It includes the personal stories of young people who have OCD , so that kids and teens can learn about their peers ' experiences . The site launched this week for the organization 's OCD Awareness Week , which culminates in a national event in Boston on Saturday that will be streamed live on the organization 's website . Children as young as 3 or 4 can show signs of OCD , said Jeff Szymanski , executive director of the International OCD Foundation . But the onset is usually around ages 10 to 12 and the 18 to 22 age group . Boys tend to have symptoms earlier in life than girls . Symptoms include unwanted thoughts that produce fear and anxiety , and repetitive behaviors aimed at getting rid of those ideas . Doctors draw the line between normal childhood behaviors and signs of OCD when kids engage in repetitious behaviors that become time-consuming . Children may become fixated on thoughts that they just wo n't move away from . And they may not necessarily realize they 're not acting normally . "  For the most part , adults realize that these symptoms do n't make any sense . They get that this does n't make a lot of sense , " Szymanski said . "  Kids do n't necessarily have that perspective . " A standard behavioral treatment for OCD is called exposure therapy , a kind of cognitive behavioral therapy aimed at decreasing anxiety associated with particular phenomena . For children , this often involves naming OCD as the "  bully or "  monster " and chasing it away , Szymanski said . This helps kids deal with their scary , unwanted thoughts . Medication may also be prescribed . A recent study in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that kids who had cognitive behavioral therapy for OCD , in addition to medication , tended to show more improvements than those who only took medication . Some kids get good treatment and never experience OCD symptoms again ; others will have it throughout their lives , with some periods being better than others . It may go away in childhood and come back in adulthood . Alissa 's mother , Vicki Gonzalez , had never heard of OCD before Alissa came to her and told her about these feelings . Gonzalez turned to the internet and discovered that Alissa 's symptoms seemed to match up with that condition . At age 10 , Alissa began seeing a therapist and starting taking sertraline , an antidepressant that 's commonly prescribed for OCD . It 's a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor , a class of drugs that change the balance of the chemical serotonin in the brain . A turning point for Alissa was the International OCD Foundation conference in 2006 in Atlanta . Alissa really did n't want to go , but her mother coaxed her into attending . It was there that she met other young people with OCD whose symptoms had gotten better -- something Alissa did n't know was possible . "  Before I went to the conference , I did n't think it was possible to go from doing eight to 10 hours of rituals a day , to being symptom-free and living a normal life , " she said . She liked the conference so much that she went back the following year , when it was in Houston , and met two girls who continue to be her best friends to this day . "  We understand each other , and we know we do n't have to hide anything from each other . We do n't judge each other for what 's going on in our lives . We 're always there for each other , " she said . Exercise has also helped . Alissa is a varsity swimmer and swims year-round , and when her OCD got tough , she felt relief from stress in general by diving into her passion for the sport . These days , Alissa is a senior in high school and managing her OCD better than earlier in her childhood , although there are still ups and downs . Sometimes , she 'll have months or years without symptoms , but this fall as she stressed about applying to college , she caught herself tapping her hand in specific numbers and having other unwanted thoughts . She still takes medication and goes to therapy every two to three months . Mystery 's OCD journey began earlier , around age 5 . She started having more outbursts , and the excessive hand washing and checking of locks on doors began . The writing in her head bothered her to the point that she could n't sleep . At night she feared that some kind of "  mean animal " or monster was outside her window and had vivid nightmares , from which she awoke crying . Other kids would pick on her when she would suggest that they also wash their hands before meals in the school lunchroom . Based on informal surveys , many OCD kids tend to report feeling bullied and say OCD interferes with schoolwork , Szymanski . Therapy and medication have also helped Mystery , who also has Asperger 's syndrome , meaning she also has trouble with social interactions and repetitive behaviors . She has gone through several combinations of treatments before finding a mix that felt right : an antipsychotic , the antidepressant duloxetine , the antipsychotic ziprasidone and the ADHD drug guanfacine . "  I feel better . I 'm more happy . I do n't have to wash my hands as much , because I 'm not really worried , " she said . With her therapist , she has also talked about making friends and gets bullied less , although "  kids will be kids , " she says . Mystery also has an occupational therapist and is undergoing equestrian therapy for Asperger 's syndrome , which involves developing interpersonal skills through interacting with horses . "  We do n't want to change her . We just want to help her understand the world a little better , " her father , Vince Almond , said . "  She 's not wrong or bad or anything like that . She 's different . " In her spare time , Mystery writes poetry , sometimes about OCD . She will be reading from her poem "  Special and Proud " on Saturday in Boston . Poetry , film give voice to OCD sufferers She writes in this poem : "  She is brave , But sometimes she 's afraid , Of things she should n't be She might get upset And it 's hard for her to forget When she starts repeating things . "	Children as young as 3 or 4 can show signs of OCD OCD is thought to affect 1 in 100 kids Exposure therapy is a behavioral therapy used for OCD Medications may also be prescribed
CNN  -- Second terms , untainted by re-election posturing , often reveal a president 's true governing philosophy . In the case of President Obama , two recent revelations have confirmed all we may need to know about his agenda for the next four years . On December 30 , the president sat down for an interview with David Gregory on "  Meet the Press . " Gregory asked the president , "  So what is your single priority of the second term ? What is the equivalent to health care ? " President Obama replied , "  Well , there are a couple of things that we need to get done . I 've said that fixing our broken immigration system is a top priority . I will introduce legislation in the first year to get that done . " He went on to say , "  The second thing that we 've got to do is to stabilize the economy and make sure it 's growing . " During his first term in office , coming off "  the worst recession since the Great Depression , " to use the president 's own words , it appeared to many that he prioritized Obamacare over the economy . Now it appears that the economy , and all that goes along with it , like the ever-growing national debt , will again play second fiddle , this time to immigration reform . If priorities are any reflection of politics , it appears the president is more concerned with what he regards as historic , landmark legislation to build his legacy , rather than the economic well-being of the nation . If that seems like a harsh assessment , consider that just this week we learned from Stephen Moore 's interview of House Speaker John Boehner in the Wall Street Journal that the president told Boehner during the fiscal cliff negotiations , "  We do n't have a spending problem . " If $ 16 trillion of national debt and the huge deficits each year are n't spending problems , then what is ? The United States most certainly has a spending problem . For the president to insist otherwise is dumbfounding but at the same time entirely consistent with his policies . He called for the Simpson-Bowles Commission on deficit reduction , but ignored their recommendations . He campaigned ad nauseam about the need for a balanced approach to deficit reduction , but the latest fiscal cliff deal is almost entirely tax hikes and even includes more stimulus spending . The only spending cuts he agreed to , the sequestration cuts , he had announced during one of the presidential debates "  will not happen . " There seems to be a near invincible unwillingness by this president and his advisors to cut the size and scope of government . How then do conservatives negotiate the coming debt ceiling extension , especially when they control neither the White House nor the Senate ? There is no easy answer , but perhaps they should begin by explaining to the American people "  the politics of reality , " as William Buckley aptly defined conservatism . The recent elections seem to indicate that a majority of the American people want lower taxes for themselves but approve of the president 's increased spending programs . In the end , they can not have both . A vibrant and prosperous private sector can not coexist with a one-size-fits-all caretaker state . One relies on low taxes and limited government interference , the other on high taxes and government redistribution of resources . So Americans must choose between the two and conservatives must make that choice clear : higher taxes , higher spending and more government services , or opportunity and upward mobility with lower taxes and less government interference . The debt ceiling is just the first of many opportunities to bring this choice to the public . Republicans should make it clear that they will fulfill our debt obligations in a responsible manner , but they will only give the president short-term debt ceiling extensions until we get this problem under control . If Obama does n't want to cut spending in a meaningful way he 's going to have to explain that to the American people every couple of months for the next four years . The purpose is n't to thrash the president and his party or be ideological shock troops , as Ronald Reagan once warned against , but to hold a national education seminar on fiscal responsibility . Republicans have not won the argument , and will not win it , when these fiscal deals are made behind closed doors before the strike of midnight . Sunlight is the best disinfectant and so too in politics . Republicans can win the argument by making a clear and cogent public articulation of the president 's spending problem and how the American people , especially the lower and middle classes , will be the ones to suffer as a result . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : National debt does n't look like a priority for President Obama Bennett : Obama more concerned with his legacy rather than our economic well-being He asks why the president is so unwilling to cut the size and scope of government Bennett : GOP should make it clear that it will fulfill our debt obligations in a responsible way
CNN  The Dark Knight returns ... again . "  The Dark Knight Returns , " published in 1986 , is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture , something we 've seen referenced in everything from 1989 's "  Batman " to the "  Dark Knight " trilogy and the upcoming "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice . " Now popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story . DC Comics  a Time Warner company , like CNN  announced Friday the final chapter in his "  The Dark Knight Returns " trilogy , in the form of "  The Dark Knight III : The Master Race "  "  The Dark Knight Strikes Again " was released in 2001  . This third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall . "  Batman remains my favorite comic book hero and a sequel to Dark Knight is going to be daunting , " said Miller in a press release , "  but we 'll do our best . " Miller will be joined by acclaimed artist Brian Azzarello .	Classic comic book "  The Dark Knight Returns " is getting a second sequel Legendary comics writer Frank Miller is returning to the story that made him famous
As hundreds of firefighters began to get the upper hand on a huge blaze near Colorado Springs , investigators stepped up their probe into the cause of the most destructive wildfire in the state 's history . Investigators are treating the 16,000-acre Black Forest Fire , which was 75 % contained Monday , as a crime scene , though they do n't yet know whether a crime was committed , El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa said . Authorities are allowing more people to visit their homes by the day -- the mandatory evacuation area covered the homes of 4,100 people Monday , down from tens of thousands last week . But Maketa asked for patience from those still being kept out , citing not only the remaining hot spots , but also the need to preserve evidence . "  When you 're talking about a potential for prosecution -- we do n't know yet whether it 's a crime or not -- we 're going to treat it as  if  it is , and preserve every element of that scene as we can , " Maketa told reporters Monday . "  To allow people go in and trample through ... compromises our scene . " How to help The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives has been called in , along with state authorities . "  We are zeroing in on the point of origin , and it 's a very slow , methodical process , " Maketa said . "  We brought in additional experts to make sure we 're not missing anything ... but I 'm pleased with the process they are making . " The weather cooperates Maketa 's comments came after fire teams made significant progress against the flames northeast of Colorado Springs over the weekend , with containment growing from 5 % to 75 % in just a few days ' time . And rain could help in the next couple of days . The National Weather Service says highs will be in the upper 70s through Tuesday , with a 30 % chance of rain and light winds each day . Temperatures in the 90s , little rain and blustery winds fueled the Black Forest Fire in its early days . Gallery : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno Maketa said Monday that no structures were lost in the fire Sunday . "  Another day of no growth in the fire , no lost structures , and we have begun an aggressive repopulation of some of the mandatory evacuated areas , " he said . In the first few days after the Black Forest Fire broke out , crews had zero containment on the blaze as it ravaged woods and neighborhoods . County spokesman Dave Rose told CNN it appeared to be the most destructive in the history of Colorado , a state that 's all too familiar with devastating wildfires . Residents hope for best , brace for worst As of Monday , authorities had counted 502 structures lost to the blaze , which started Tuesday , according to the sheriff 's department . Two people had died . The speed and intensity of the flames created a pattern where , for the most part , homes either were destroyed or escaped unscathed , Maketa explained over the weekend . In some areas , he said , there 's no house , no mailbox and virtually no other signs that someone lived there just a few days ago . "  You ca n't even recognize where there was a house or some other kind of structure , " the sheriff said Saturday . "  That is the level of incineration and destruction that took place in some areas . " New grandparents flee with family ; fire destroys home Other Colorado fires Firefighters also made significant progress on the Royal Gorge Fire , southwest of Colorado Springs , announcing it was 100 % contained Sunday night . The fire scorched more than 3,200 acres , including a beloved carousel and at least 20 buildings , according to Gov. John Hickenlooper . "  It 's burned to a cinder , " he said Friday of the area . Video shows firefighters fending off fire from house 's deck The governor has declared a disaster emergency in Rocky Mountain National Park , northwest of Denver , due to the Big Meadows Fire that 's burned hundreds of acres there . The latest flare-up is the Ward Gulch Fire in the western part of the state . No structures have been reported destroyed in that blaze , but gusty winds , low humidity and warm weather have firefighters on edge . Woman records wildfire evacuation While all those fires pose dangers in their own ways , the Black Forest Fire is still by far the biggest and the most dangerous , which is why thousands in that area remain evacuated , their homes in areas where it is too perilous to return . Said Maketa over the weekend : "  We 're hoping to gain inches each day to get people 's lives back to normal , where it can be returned to normal . " Study warns of continued wildfires in western U.S.	Sheriff : The Black Forest Fire is treated as a crime scene , despite uncertainty The fire is 75 % contained , El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa says 502 structures have been destroyed and two people have died The Royal Gorge Fire , southwest of Colorado Springs , is now 100 % contained
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan 's acting central bank governor says the country 's second largest private lender is not in crisis , warning outspoken lawmakers -- who claim the bank is in trouble -- against spreading fear among its account holders . "  Azizi Bank was neither facing any crisis before ,  and  is not facing  a crisis  now . " Mohebullah Safi told CNN . "  Many Afghans have accounts ... and we should n't panic the people , which could affect our national interest . " Safi , who addressed parliament earlier this week at the request of lawmakers , said the central bank is investigating investment problems with Azizi Bank , but noted that its $ 588 million in reserves are safe . He added that officials are working to change the country 's banking laws to better monitor investments made by Afghan banks and their partners both domestically and abroad . But Afghan parliament member Haji Zaher Qader claimed share holders tried bribe him to keep quiet over the bank 's lending practices . "  They offered me a million dollars that I keep silent and not to talk about  the  Azizi Bank crisis , but I refused their offer , " he told CNN . Qader would not elaborate as to who offered him the alleged bribe or provide specifics about banking practices that are a cause of concern . Still , lawmakers have called for a forensic audit of the bank 's finances in an effort to prevent a similar scandal to last year 's massive fraud at the country 's largest private lender , Kabul Bank . More than $ 900 million in loans went missing from Kabul Bank , many of them interest-free and made without proper documentation , no collateral or repayment plans . The recipients allegedly used the loans to finance lavish lifestyles outside Afghanistan , triggering a crisis that threatened a collapse of the entire Afghan financial system . It also exposed widespread corruption throughout the Afghan banking sector . Kabul Bank handled salary payments for thousands of Afghan soldiers , police and public workers and was reported to have held up to $ 1 billion in deposits belonging to Afghan citizens . CNN 's Fazel Reshad contributed to this report	Acting director says Azizi Bank 's $ 588 million in reserves are safe Lawmakers have called for a forensic audit of the bank 's finances Last year , more than $ 900 million in loans went missing from Kabul Bank
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Some people think wearable gadgets look cool . Perhaps they rock their Google Glass while out at happy hour , or flash the latest crowd-funded smart watch at the office . While the devices are undoubtedly conversation starters , and the look may be coveted in some circles , for the most part wearable technology has a fashion problem . At the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this week , wearable devices are everywhere , and some are finally trying to break out of the gadget world and into the fashion world . Wearables is a broad and fast-growing category that , as the name implies , includes any small piece of technology that can be worn . Research firm ABI estimates the wearables market will hit $ 6 billion by 2018 . Here at CES there are "  smart " glasses , watches , bracelets , brooches , visors , necklaces and even bras . Straps secure small sensors against arms , chest , head or legs . There are even wearables for dogs , cats and children . The tasks wearables accomplish are as varied as the body parts they adorn . The technology inside these devices is moving ahead while the design side stagnates . Sensors are getting smaller , cheaper and more advanced . It 's possible that the technology will become so advanced that trackers could bypass the design problem altogether by shrinking down electronic elements enough that they can be invisibly embedded in regular clothing , hats , shoes and belts . But not every company sees that on the horizon . "  We do n't think the trackers we see today are going to go away in favor of a sensor-laden shirt or bra , " said Woody Scal , the chief revenue officer at fitness tracker company Fitbit . Fitness trackers embrace the fun The most popular wearables are fitness trackers , which use sensors to detect movement , heart rate , body temperature , breathing , sleep patterns , location and speed . In the fitness area at CES , low-profile and colorful bracelets inspired by the Nike FuelBand and Fitbit Flex and Force are the most common . There are the Garmin Vivofit and Jaybird Reign trackers , and the LG Lifeband Touch and Razer Nabu , which add in notifications from smartphones . The new Sony Core , a small stick that will fit in wrist-wear like the Sony SmartBand , acts as a fitness tracker but also branches out into life logging . It will be able to track mundane daily activities , weather , what movies you watch and what music you listen to , and notable events . It can also receive notifications from a paired smartphone , will likely cost around $ 135 , and pops in and out of various brightly colored wrist bands . The traditional wearable look is passable for fitness gear , which is expected to be bold and sporty . Unfortunately the esthetic does n't always translate into everyday wear . Most adults have moved beyond rocking brightly colored plastic baubles . They want sleekly designed accessories and brand names . Early stabs at jewelry Some companies have smartly started to outsource the design process to people who know about fashion . Intel announced that it was teaming up with hipster design label Opening Ceremony on a bracelet that will be sold at Barneys , though specific design and pricing details are still unknown . Chip-maker CSR worked with jeweler Cellini to create a surprisingly nice Bluetooth pendant that has a single , customizable light for receiving notifications . On the odd side , the necklace can also be programmed to release perfume throughout the day . Fitbit announced it was dabbling in jewelry and partnering with Tory Burch on a Fitbit necklace and a bracelet . The products are still in the design stage , but drawings show decent gold jewelry that would look good even if it did n't contain a tracker . Not every company is getting outside help . Ezio makes gaudy $ 129 necklaces that pair with a smartphone and have stones that light up when someone calls or texts . "  The whole idea here is that people -- not everyone , but lots of people , we believe -- want their fitness trackers to be even more fashionable , " said Fitbit 's Scal . "  In the male-focused technology industry , we did n't think people were paying enough attention to women , to be honest . " Everyone 's making a smart watch Appealing to women is an issue with one of the most hyped wearable categories : smart watches . Gadgets calling themselves smart watches range from regular watch faces with light-up notifications to full featured Android phones worn on the wrist . The most appealing are designed to look like everyday analog watches , while others look like touch screens with a strap tossed on . When well done , a watch with a face big enough to accommodate smart features can pass as a nice men 's accessory , but the majority are still far too bulky and awkward for women . The focus on the watch form factor has been oddly intense , with rumors of an Apple smart watch swirling for the past year and major companies like Samsung pushing out glitchy , undercooked technology like the Galaxy Gear . At CES , Intel , Qualcomm and indie darling Pebble all announced new smart watches , and there was a dedicated area for the wrist wear . The Burg  $ 149 to $ 399  takes a SIM card and can make calls . The $ 130 Cogito Pop looks like a classic watch but adds notifications from a paired smartphone . Qualcomm 's $ 349 Toq is similar to the Pebble but with a full color screen and fewer apps . The new Pebble Steel is a proper stainless steel smart watch for $ 250 . The most egregiously oversized smart watch on the CES floor is the Neptune Pine , a 2.4-inch touchscreen rectangle running Android Jelly Bean that will cost between $ 335 and $ 395 when released in March . Technically , it has all the features of a fully functioning Android phone , but the cramped screen means it works better as a secondary screen for viewing notifications , paired with a regular Android smartphone stashed in your bag or large pocket . One of the more clever smart watches at CES is the Filip , a simple and sturdy phone and location tracker for kids five to 11 years old . Parents can program in five phone numbers and the child can make and receive calls from those contacts , and receive but not send texts . An accompanying iOS or Android app can be used to pinpoint the kid 's location on a map . The $ 199 device will be sold through AT&T stores and service will cost just $ 10 a month without a contract . On your face but out of the way For the most part , wearables offer a limited selection of the features already available on smartphones . The idea is to save people from the distracting task of pulling out a phone , looking at it , tapping on it and returning it safely to a pocket . At the Cogito booth , Andres Muguira said a smart watch would help wearers filter incoming notifications so they would "  get to spend more time with loved ones . " That 's the idea behind wearable glasses , either the most or least distracting wearable depending on your point of view . There were a number of Google Glass-like products at CES . GlassUp shows e-mails , texts , tweets and other messages on a display directly in front of the eye . The GlassUp design currently resembles safety glasses , but a mockup of the final version could almost pass for a regular pair of black thick-framed specs . Epson 's Moverio BT-100 glasses look like the disposable sunglasses you get after a trip to the eye doctor . The industrial Vuzix glasses do n't even attempt to pass as normal glasses , looking more like a futuristic monocle , but that could change if the company decides to make a commercial product . The best outcome for smart glasses , and all other wearable tech , is blending in by looking like products people already want to wear . They could follow Google 's lead . The company was reportedly talking to hip glasses company Warby Parker about possible design partnerships for future versions of Google Glass .	Smart watches , fitness trackers and jewelry that flashes notifications are plentiful at CES The fast-growing wearables market is just starting to focus on more fashionable designs Some companies are teaming up with fashion designers like Tory Burch
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- Americans consume more than 19 million barrels of oil a day as well as tons of coal and natural gas , raising questions about the future availability of those resources and the environmental impact of their development and use . President Barack Obama has heavily pushed an alternative energy agenda , his administration pouring billions of taxpayer resources into solar , wind and battery initiatives aimed at cutting dependence on foreign oil and changing how Americans view and use energy . In a new policy paper , his Republican rival for the White House , Mitt Romney , says , "  President Obama has intentionally sought to shut down oil , gas , and coal production in pursuit of his own alternative energy agenda . " Romney wants more oil exploration , faster permitting , and state control of exploration on federal lands . It all adds up to the Republican refrain : "  Drill , baby , drill . " Fact check : Obama education ad misleading "  I will set a national goal of American and North American energy independence by 2020 , " Romney pledges . But Obama says not so fast "  Under my administration , America is producing more oil today than at any time in the last eight years -- at any time , " Obama says . So who is telling the truth ? Despite a moratorium on offshore drilling prompted by the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico two years ago , domestic oil production has surged . Oil shale and natural gas production are also up sharply . However , much of this was set in motion years before Obama took office . While Obama has taken some steps to encourage production , he can not claim as much credit as he would like . Obama has , for sure , angered some oil and coal producers by steering federal money to alternative energy sources . But there is no evidence that he is trying to "  shut down " traditional energy industries . It is also not clear that Romney 's plans would bring energy independence that much quicker , especially without a simultaneous focus on reducing consumption . So on both sides , the arguments run out of gas . Romney 's claim that Obama is trying to kill off old energy is false . And Obama 's claims of what he has accomplished are muddled . We rate them both misleading . Fact check : Romney 's welfare claims wrong	Mitt Romney pledges energy independence for North America by 2020 Romney says President Barack Obama is trying to kill traditional energy sources like coal Obama takes credit for the America producing more energy at anytime in the last eight years On both sides , the arguments run out of gas
CNN  -- Hot dogs ? Check . Fireworks ? Check . Big Ben ? Wait a minute ... The American Society of Sydney , Australia , helps put together a July Fourth celebration on Sydney Harbour . There may not be international landmarks at your neighbor 's Fourth of July barbecue , but for Americans living abroad , they 're the perfect backdrop when celebrating independence . To global Yanks , it 's just as important -- if not more so -- to throw an Independence Day party that feels just like home . From Buenos Aires , Argentina , to Rome , Italy , Fourth of July soirees are happening on Saturday in nearly every corner of the world . So if your globetrotting lands you in one of these cities over the weekend , consider squeezing an Independence Day celebration into your itinerary . July Fourth , eh ? Canada Day occurs a mere three days before the Fourth , and our neighbor to the north lights up the sky for both . Held on the shores of Lake Ontario at the amusement park Ontario Place in Toronto , the Grand Finale for the Canada Dry Festival of Fire is an extensive fireworks display that draws between 15,000 and 20,000 people each year . Choreographed to a surprise playlist , "  the fireworks actually detonate to the beat of the songs , which are voted on by the listeners of -LSB- local radio station -RSB- CHFI , " said Ontario Place spokesman Nick Kondrat . Tickets include an all-day pass to the park , so be sure not to miss the eclectic entertainment , like "  Salsa at Ontario Place , " featuring live salsa music , dance competitions and lessons . Fireworks begin at 10:30 p.m. Visit the park 's Web site for tickets . Americans in London Town Time Out London lists this event as a "  must-do " for Independence Day . Standing out from a slew of holiday gatherings , the 7th annual Fourth of July picnic , hosted by the American expatriate community , begins at 2 p.m. at London , England 's , Battersea Park . To keep the kids happy , there will be red , white and blue bouncy castles as well as balloons and face-painting , according to the group 's Web site . For the adults , plenty of barbecue will be available for purchase in addition to two fully stocked cash bars . Between softball games and paddleboat rentals at the nearby lake , there 's plenty to do for the whole family . For a grand finale , a laser fireworks display starts at 9:45 p.m. Even better : Admission is free all day . When In Rome A blowout event planned a year in advance , the American International Club of Rome 's 20th celebration is a patriotic tribute : potato sack races for the kids , swing-dancing lessons with live music and all the s'mores , hot dogs and hamburgers you can stand , said the club manager and event coordinator , Nina Farrell . "  When you 're away from home , it 's really nice to get together and celebrate and be a little bit American , " Farrell said . The celebration will kick off at 5 p.m. with Americans and Italians alike at Marymount International School , ending at midnight with the crackling of sparklers .  Sorry , no fireworks allowed on the school grounds . For tickets , visit the AICR 's Web site at http://www.aicrome.org/ . Red , white and blue down under Mary Botto believes it 's the little things that help a person become acclimated , and the Fourth of July celebration the American Society of Sydney , Australia , helps pull together is one of them . Botto , the society 's president , said this year 's party will be held at the Hunters Hill Sailing Club , right on Sydney Harbour . The organization stays true to an American theme , from the food to the fireworks . The one piece of American tradition Botto 's group ca n't replicate is warm weather : July is winter in Australia , so most of the festivities are indoors , except the fireworks , which start around 6 p.m. Everyone is welcome , and locals take part in the fun . "  Australia Day here is huge and I think Australians really respect the fact that we still celebrate even though we 're not in our home country , " Botto said . Tickets can be purchased at moshtix.com.au . Independence in Argentina It does n't take a bartender to know that beer is a top seller on Independence Day , and that 's not just in the United States . Crack a cold one in Buenos Aires , where a burgeoning pub crawl is poised to take over the Paris of South America . Between the drinks , a diverse group of participants and the four frat boys from Georgia running the show , you 'll feel right at home . The company , 12th Gate Inc. , has spent the past two years rounding up tourists , expatriates and the stray 70-year-old into one big , pub-crawling group . Saturday marks their first Fourth of July event , and they 've pulled out all the stops . "  We 've been living here for awhile , and we miss home , " said marketing and events planner Will Aquino . "  We have the means to throw a great party , and we are . " Instead of the usual pizza , the owners have upped the ante to provide more festive fare : hamburgers , hot dogs and red , white and blue Jell-O shots . You can even get a commemorative T-shirt with the $ 13 ticket price , which covers an hourlong open bar , food and transportation to three bars throughout the city . There wo n't be any fireworks , but participants will be supplied with sparklers and American flags . To secure a reservation , head to the 12th Gate Web site .	Americans abroad organize July Fourth celebrations in their adopted homes In London , the American expat community is putting on a picnic A less traditional July Fourth pub crawl will take place in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- Below ground in central London is a bunker every self-respecting golfer is desperate to find -- even international man of mystery James Bond . Just yards from the plush shopping paradise that is Harrods sits Knightsbridge Golf School , a subterranean sanctum that has been teaching and preaching about the game for over 60 years . It 's in the bowels of this grand Georgian building on Lowndes Square that actors as diverse as Sean Connery , Hugh Grant , Colin Firth and Christopher Lee have honed their swings . But you are just as likely to find taxi drivers and heads of industry popping in for a lesson -- or a brisk round at Augusta or St. Andrews on one of the school 's simulators . "  Golfers today , unfortunately , are no better than they were back in 1951 when the school opened , " Steve Gould , who along with D.J. Wilkinson has more than 35 years of KGS service under his belt , told CNN . "  People do n't come here for the location or for the facilities -- they come for the lessons . " Founded by pioneering swing coach Leslie King back in 1951 , KGS thrives through word of mouth , welcoming around 300 new disciples each year on the strength of its tutelage . It 's this reputation that explains why so many A-list stars have made a pilgrimage to the salubrious district of Knightsbridge , often in a hurry to grasp the basics of the game ahead of a big-screen project . Golf philosophy It was here the original 007 -- Connery -- came to fine-tune his game before filming "  Goldfinger " in the mid-1960s , the third in the series charting the intrepid adventures of Britain 's dashing secret agent . MI5 's finest -- with the help of a few underhand tactics -- gets the better of his nemesis Goldfinger on the golf course , in a famous scene that also includes the decapitation of a statue via the boot of the international jewel thief 's menacing butler Oddjob . "  Sean Connery was n't a golfer before the film and at the time he was seeing a dentist called Ian Caldwell , then an English amateur champion , taught by Leslie King , " Gould explains . "  He told Connery , ` If you want to look like a golfer in a few short months you should go and learn from King . ' " A golf pro who had identified all the critical components of a successful swing , King believed the game was best taught inside , away from the worst of England 's elements . He set up shop in a disused squash court in central London -- miles from any golf course -- and despite next to no advertising , it was soon packed to the rafters . King 's method is still the one favored by Gould and Wilkinson , aided by modern technology , and is still as effective in teaching the film stars of today as it was half a century ago . "  We did a similar thing last year for Colin Firth for a film he was making called ` Arthur Newman , ' " Gould adds . "  He was a great pupil , very intense . "  We 've been looking online to see if we did any good for Colin in the few lessons he had and we found the trailer . "  In the first clip Colin is playing a shot out of bunker that looks fantastic . It 's not a double , it 's him . He looks like a golf professional . " Perhaps another reason KGS has endured is its abiding philosophy , breaking what can be a complicated game down into simple , manageable elements . Golf can be a veritable goldmine of misinformation and incomprehensible jargon , but the straight-talking stalwarts of KGS attempt to help chart a path to consistently straight driving . "  The reason people come here is to try to find an end to trial and error golf , " Gould says . "  Most golfers do n't know what they do when they hit a good shot , or a bad shot . "  The only way you can progress is by knowing where you should be at each and every stage of your swing , by mapping out the swing . It 's very simple . "  I 've been teaching golf for 30 years and I ca n't understand most of the golf stuff I read . People come here and say , ' I wish I 'd done from the start what you 've shown me in just a few minutes . ' "  The great beauty of the swing we teach here is we look at some of the modern players like  2010 British Open winner  Louis Oosthuizen or  reigning U.S. Open champion  Justin Rose , and all the positions they make are identical to the ones we teach all the time . " Golf addiction One of KGS ' biggest supporters is film star Grant , who has spent hours in Knightsbridge grooving a swing that is regularly put to the test in celebrity golf tournaments around the world . He once said of his love of the game : "  My golf addiction is out of control . I literally want to play from the moment I get up to the time I go to bed . " Gould added : "  Hugh is a great supporter of ours ; he 's done more for us than anyone . He did the introduction for one of our books , which we ca n't thank him enough for . " Grant and his father have both regularly been to KGS for lessons , and the actor 's testimonial takes pride of place on the company 's website . "  It is hard to say which of us came to you the worse golfer , but you have done the impossible and turned us from embarrassing into respectable , " it reads . Not everyone who walks through the doors of 47 Lowndes Square has what it takes to improve their game , though . One pupil especially still has a cherished place in the school 's history , even though his inexperienced wielding of a club nearly took out the head honcho . "  Leslie King once had a guy come in who was the only person he told he could n't help , " Gould says . "  It was a Maharajah who came down and said he wanted to play golf . "  Leslie stood opposite him and the guy took the club back and swung it round at head height . Leslie had to duck before his head came clean off . "  When asked to have another go , the guy did exactly the same thing , at which point Leslie took the club off him and said , ` I 'm sorry , sir , golf is not for you . ' "	Knightsbridge Golf School has been teaching amateurs and A-listers for over 60 years Sean Connery , Hugh Grant , Christopher Lee and Colin Firth among the pupils Connery learned to play golf before starring as James Bond in the movie "  Goldfinger " Situated in the heart of London , KGS was founded by ex-golf pro Leslie King in 1951
CNN  -- Many "  Twilight " fans are savoring their last bites of the vampire fantasy films they have adored for four years . The "  Twi-hards " are all abuzz about this weekend 's release of "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 2 . " Many will be mourning the end of this series and wondering what they should follow next . Of course , there will be others who do n't get what the fuss is about . We asked readers to tell us what they think of life after "  Twilight " using the hashtag #WhenTwilightEnds , and we scooped up many responses via social media . Read below to see the different "  teams " that developed , in the spirit of "  Team Edward "  vampire  and "  Team Jacob "  werewolf  . . If you have trouble viewing this page , please visit Storify to see the post . Share your views in the comments area below or post video commentary on CNN iReport .	We asked Twitter users and readers what they will do after Twilight Readers used the hashtag #WhenTwilightEnds and posted iReports about the series What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or send us photos and videos on CNN iReport
CNN  A San Francisco woman battling cancer is prepared to battle the state of California in court for what she says is her right to die on her own terms . "  I am suing the state of California to help me achieve a peaceful and dignified death at the place and time of my choosing , " Christie White said Wednesday at a news conference . White has had either leukemia or lymphoma since 2007 , undergoing rounds of radiation , chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant . Though she 's in partial remission now , White has seen other friends with terminal illnesses suffer and would like "  to have the option of aid in dying in California , " the lawsuit says . White was joined by physicians , also named as plaintiffs in the lawsuit , who want the right to administer aid-in-dying treatments to patients without penalty . Two of those physicians have been diagnosed with terminal illnesses , offering personal and professional perspectives on the issue . "  I have a lust for life . I may want to stick around for the duration , but I should have a choice , " said Dr. Robert Liner , a retired obstetrician who is in remission from stage IV lymphoma . Liner brought up the case of Brittany Maynard , whose decision to "  die with dignity , " as she called it , went viral in a video she made of her story and an op-ed she wrote for CNN . Her case reignited the debate over patients ' right to decide when and how they die . Maynard 's desire to die when she wanted meant she and her husband had to move from San Francisco to Oregon , one of three states that have "  death with dignity " laws that allow terminally ill , mentally competent residents to voluntarily request and receive prescription drugs to hasten their death . Washington and Vermont are the others . Judicial decisions in Montana and New Mexico authorize doctors to prescribe fatal drug doses in such circumstances , although the rulings have n't become state law . Having to move to another state compounded the emotions the family was already facing , said Maynard 's mom , Debbie Ziegler . "  Moving added so many layers of stress and sadness that I can understand why people who are ill feel they would need to file a lawsuit , " Ziegler said . Maynard , who had brain cancer , died in November 2014 . The lawsuit , filed by White , Liner and others Wednesday , would update the text of Section 401 of the California Penal Code adopted by the California Legislature in 1874 . The Assisted Suicide Statute says , "  Every person who deliberately aids , or advises , or encourages another to commit suicide is guilty of a felony . " The plaintiffs , which include White and the five physicians , are seeking a declaration that would allow doctors to administer dying aid to mentally competent , terminally ill adults without criminal liability . "  Such choice is at utmost importance for all of us , " said Dr. Dan Swangard , another plaintiff . Swangard has suffered from pancreatic cancer and metastatic disease to the liver . He is in remission . Kathryn L. Tucker is the executive director of Disability Rights Legal Center and also represents White and the physicians . Tucker has spent 20 years working for "  end of life advocacy " and has seen many ballot initiatives fail . This lawsuit provides a "  faster and viable avenue " than traditional legislation that she has seen fail numerous times . Maynard 's husband , Dan Diaz , said the lawsuit is evidence that "  so many people are in favor " of giving patients the control when it comes to their end-of-life plan . "  How people die does n't belong in the hands of a lawmaker or a politician , " Diaz said . His wife 's commitment to the issue , he said , has been the catalyst for last month 's proposed legislation in California and for Wednesday 's lawsuit filing . Even after her death , Diaz said he is "  amazed and so proud " of his wife . Barbara Coombs Lee is the president of Compassion & Choices , the organization that made the video about Maynard . She called news of the lawsuit "  a wonderful development . " "  Giving people the choice of aid in dying is enormously important for their peace of mind , " Coombs Lee said . Dr. Aaron Kheriaty is a psychiatrist and chairman of the medical ethics committee at the University of California , Irvine . He said organizations and lawmakers have tried and failed four times in California to pass legislation regarding "  end-of-life options , " usually calling the concept a variety of palatable names such as "  death with dignity " or "  aid in dying " to distract voters from what the issue really is : "  assisted suicide . " Kheriaty said that most people who consider suicide do n't want to die but are looking to "  escape intolerable suffering , " or in the case of those facing terminal illnesses , "  anticipated suffering . " "  Modern medicine has other options to help with suffering at the end of life , " Kheriaty said . Kheriaty finds the concept of "  suicide as a rational or reasonable option " to be worrisome , as it brings acceptance to what he calls a "  public health crisis . " He said allowing physicians to legally assist suicide opens the door for insurance companies to potentially prey on the most vulnerable patients . Diaz said that he understands the concern , but that if his experience in Oregon with his wife was any indication , these aid-in-dying treatments are administered only in very specific cases and only after immense scrutiny of the patient . He added : "  I do n't think we should base policy in fear . " Tucker said that "  in order for a patient to obtain aid in dying , there are many safeguards in place . " "  These treatments are limited to a small group of patients , " she said . California Attorney General Kamala Harris is listed as the defendant on the lawsuit , as she 's the only one who can overturn a previous law . A representative from her office responded with "  no comment " to the lawsuit . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	A woman and her physicians sue California for the right to "  die with dignity " Christie White does n't want to have to move to another state The lawsuit would allow doctors "  assisting in dying " to do so without violating law
CNN  -- Could reliability be an Achilles heel for Formula One world champions Red Bull this season ? If the first two days of winter testing are anything to go by the answer could be yes . Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel was stopped in his tracks by an engine failure after completing just eight laps in the new Red Bull racer Wednesday . "  We 've not had a lot of running and have a few problems to sort out , " Vettel told reporters at the Jerez circuit in Spain . "  But with such big rule changes it is usual to have some teething problems . "  That 's what tests are for , to sort those issues out . The next two days will be important to get some track time to prepare for the tests in Bahrain . " Vettel , who only managed three laps in the box fresh car on Tuesday , has now returned home to Switzerland and handed the keys of the 2014 Red Bull over to his new teammate Daniel Ricciardo for the remainder of the Jerez test . Preseason testing is always a tense time but a major rule change has heaped extra pressure on the teams hoping to get their cars race ready for the opening Australian Grand Prix on March 16 . The cars are now powered by 1.6-liter V6 turbo engines which also rely on a greater use of hybrid energy -- recovered through braking and from the car 's exhaust gases . Although engine suppliers Renault , Ferrari and Mercedes put their engines through their paces on dynamometers at their headquarters , they are running them on the cars for the first time this week . Red Bull , who along with the Lotus and Caterham teams use Renault engines , had to cut short Vettel 's track time because of problem with the energy recovery system on his car . Engine gremlins also affected Toro Rosso , Red Bull 's sister team , and driver Daniil Kvyat was not able to take his car out on track because of an electrical problem . McLaren recovered from the technical issues that had kept its car in the garage Tuesday to see Jenson Button set the leading time in its 2014 racer with a best lap of one minute 24.165 seconds among 44 laps overall . "  For our first day of actual running , we were able to get a good understanding of the car , and the way the engine and turbo behaves , " Button told reporters . "  It 's tricky , and very different to what we 're used to , but I feel that these cars will be enjoyable to drive . " On Wednesday , McLaren also announced former Lotus team principal Eric Boullier as its new racing director as a restructure of the team continues . It was another solid day from Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen , who set the second fastest time ahead of Valtteri Bottas in the Williams and Nico Rosberg 's Mercedes . Rosberg underlined Mercedes ' reliability by ticking off 96 laps , all the more impressive as the car had to rebuilt over night following Lewis Hamilton 's crash on the opening day of the test .	Testing is cut short for Sebastian Vettel as his Red Bull is hit by engine problems The four-time world champion says "  teething problems " are normal The teams are getting used to new engine technology as part of 2014 rule changes McLaren 's Jenson Button clocks the fastest time on day two of the first winter test in Spain
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The death of a 14-year-old girl in England after she received a vaccination for Human Papilloma virus  HPV  has prompted a widespread freeze on the country 's national vaccination program . Millions of girls have received vaccinations for HPV since 2008 , the virus that causes 99 percent of cervical cancers . More than 1.4 million girls have received the vaccination in England since the National Health Service  NHS  started administering it in September 2008 . Natalie Morton 's sudden death Monday occurred within hours after she received a shot of the vaccine Cervarix at the NHS at her school in Coventry . Three other girls at the Blue Coat Church of England school suffered mild symptoms of dizziness and nausea after receiving the vaccine , according to media reports . It remains unclear if the vaccine caused Morton 's death . Only an autopsy will be able to determine the exactly cause of death . Glaxo Smith Kline , the manufacturer of Cervarix , issued a recall of the batch of vaccine used in Coventry as a "  precautionary measure . " Watch reaction to Natalie Morton 's death " "  At this stage the cause of this tragic death is unknown , " the company said in a statement posted on their Web site . "  Following immediate quarantine of the batch involved last night , we have taken the decision to voluntarily recall this batch as a further precautionary measure while the investigation into the circumstances surrounding Natalie 's death is conducted . " On Tuesday several NHS clinics and schools indefinitely postponed immunizations . "  As a purely precautionary measure , we have asked the NHS to quarantine all stocks of HPV vaccine from the batch related to this case , " a spokesperson for the NHS said . "  Where the local NHS has supplies of vaccine from other production batches , they should continue with the vaccination program . " Many clinics were forced to close as they checked the numbers on their batches of the vaccine . What is HPV ? HPV stands for human Papilloma virus . Although there are more than 100 types of HPV , only a few of them are known to cause cervical cancer . Most strains of HPV are harmless or cause genital warts . HPV is a common sexually-transmitted disease . Almost half of all women who have sex will be infected at one point in their life , according to the British National Health Service . HPV infects the cells of the surface of the cervix . Infections can clear up on their own or stay for many years without any symptoms and develop into cervical cancer . Ninety-nine percent of cervical cancers are caused by HPV . What is the Cervarix HPV vaccine ? The Cervarix HPV vaccine protects against the two strains of HPV  16 and 18  that cause cervical cancer in over 70 percent of women . The vaccine is typically injected in the upper arm , or thigh , in three doses within six months , and is recommended for teenage girls . How effective is the Cervarix vaccine ? According to the manufacturer , Glaxo Smith Kline , Cervarix is over 99 percent effective . Is Cervarix the most common vaccine for HPV ? No . Gardisil , manufactured by Merck is used by the majority of vaccine programs worldwide . Gardisil protects against four strains of HPV  16 , 18 , 6 and 11  . Strains 6 and 11 cause less serious conditions , such as genital warts . Gardisil proved comparatively effective in trials carried out by Merck . Of 23 million American girls who have already been vaccinated , 32 deaths were reported , though the reports do not determine if the deaths were caused by the vaccine or just a coincidence . Why was Cervarix chosen for the UK ? According to the NHS , Cervarix , "  was selected because the bid from this company scored higher than the competitor in the adjudication process against pre-agreed award criteria . The pre-agreed award criteria were shared with the manufacturers during the process so that they were fully informed of the criteria against which their bids would be evaluated . " When was the vaccine introduced ? In September 2008 , England began a national program to vaccinate girls aged 12-13 , and a three-year catch up campaign offering the vaccine to 13-18 year old girls . Do condoms protect against HPV ? Using condoms reduces the risk of HPV transmission , but infection is still possible because HPV can be spread by contact with parts of the body that the condom does not cover . What are the known dangers associated with taking the HPV vaccine ? Cervarix has undergone rigorous safety testing as part of the licensing process required in the UK and other European countries , according to the NHS . The most commonly reported side effects are mild swelling or pain at the injection site , nausea , a mild temperature , dizziness , diarrhea and muscle aches . In rare cases allergic reactions in the form of skin rashes and in very rare cases anaphylactic shock has occurred .	Teenage girl dies after receiving Cervarix vaccination for HPV England 's national vaccination program freezes as batches are recalled HPV is a sexually-transmitted virus that causes 99 percent of cervical cancers Almost 1.4 million girls in England have already received the vaccine
Editor 's note : This story is the second of a three-part series focusing on the FBI as the agency hits the 100-year mark . A lab worker examines a tire tread at the FBI 's famed crime lab in Quantico , Virginia . QUANTICO , Virginia  CNN  -- Behind closed doors , the scientists and agents of the FBI scrutinize fibers , poisons , explosives , DNA and just about any other shred of evidence that might help solve crimes . They ca n't talk about specific cases they 're working . Yet the work they 're doing can put people behind bars or lead to major advances in crime-solving techniques . As the FBI hits the 100-year-mark and continues to evolve to meet the demands of the world , CNN visited the state-of-the-art crime lab in Quantico , Virginia . It 's the same lab that inspired the hit television series "  CSI . " Dozens of experts from an array of fields work under one roof . "  I think that 's what really made a name for the FBI lab , " said Robert Fram , chief of the FBI 's scientific analysis section . "  We were able to get involved in a lot of very high-profile cases and get it done completely . " Get a behind-the-scenes look at the lab " The lab has played roles in everyday cases as well as some of the most significant crime investigations in the nation 's history , from the assassination of President Kennedy to the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 to the September 11 terrorist attacks . The lab now employs 500 agents , scientists and other personnel , far from its origins in 1932 . Back then , there was only one agent working in a single room in Washington . His name was Charles Appel , a handwriting analysis expert . Appel 's background allowed the lab to play an important role in one of its first big cases : the kidnapping and killing of the toddler son of aviator Charles Lindbergh . Appel linked the handwriting from ransom notes to a suspect , Bruno Richard Hauptmann , who was convicted . Since then , the lab has been on the cutting edge of crime-solving techniques . The advent of DNA analysis was a revolution in forensic science , and it 's a key part of what the FBI lab does . See photos of the FBI as it turns 100 " Richard Guerrieri is a chief DNA analyst at Quantico . "  Our unit handles anywhere from 1,500 to 1,800 submissions a year of evidence , " Guerrieri said during a tour of the lab . Often , that involves examining clothes for bodily fluids that can help identify a suspect or a crime victim . The DNA unit is one of the first areas of the lab to use robotics to speed up the processing of evidence . Another scientific advancement is the Direct Analysis in Real Time machine , which can quickly identify substances such as poisons and explosives . "  The whole premise behind this technology is that almost every chemical we analyze has its own unique weight , " said Dr. Marc LeBeau , chief of the lab 's chemistry unit . Lab officials say their advanced techniques are essential to fighting crime . But they also say that sometimes , those advances can unrealistically raise expectations . Television shows like "  CSI " show speedy DNA or fingerprint matches and criminals in handcuffs in just one hour , something lab workers say does n't happen in the real world . "  We work on some cases for years at a time and keep putting more and more evidence together , " said Carlo Rosati , a forensic examiner in firearms and tool marks . FBI officials say many juries expect DNA and fingerprints to be found at every crime scene . "  Why is n't there a fingerprint ; why is n't there DNA ? " Fram asked , describing jurors ' expectations . "  And they 're going as far as feeling that they ca n't convict someone because you did n't find A , B or C , where you just do n't always find those things . " The FBI lab has had some missteps . In 2004 , authorities matched a fingerprint belonging to Oregon lawyer Brandon Mayfield to evidence found at the site of the Madrid , Spain , train bombings . Mayfield was cleared , sued the FBI and received a $ 2 million settlement . In the 1990s , a Justice Department investigation found flaws in lab analysis and trial testimony in some cases , which led to reforms . "  No one 's infallible , " Fram said . "  A mistake can be made . The idea is to minimize it . And the idea is to act on it if it was made and correct it , and make sure it does n't happen again . " Officials at the lab say they are strict about handling evidence . When a CNN crew visited in June , it was not allowed into areas where scientists were working with real evidence . CNN was shown demonstrations with test materials . Karen Lanning , chief of the evidence control unit , said evidence has to be dealt with correctly from the second it arrives at the FBI . "  It 's critical for every case , whether it 's to put somebody who really should be in jail or to help exonerate somebody . It 's somebody 's life that we 're dealing with , so it has to be taken very seriously . "	FBI crime lab began in 1932 with one person ; it now employs 500 Quantico , Virginia , lab processes hundreds of pieces of evidence each month Lab inspired "  CSI , " but lab forensics expert says the show is unrealistic Mistakes have been made on some big cases : "  No one 's infallible "
Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- The niece of the mayor of Cleveland , Ohio , once lived with murder suspect Anthony Sowell , a registered sex offender charged with murder after the remains of 11 victims were found at his home , a spokeswoman for the mayor said Monday . Lori Frazier , niece of Mayor Frank Jackson , had a relationship with Sowell that ended two years ago , said Andrea Taylor , a spokeswoman for Jackson 's office . Taylor said it is unclear whether the relationship was romantic . "  I just want to know why , why he would do this , " Frazier told CNN affiliate WOIO on Friday . "  He took care of me , good care of me . I never would have thought there were some bodies in the house . " "  I lived with him from 2005 to 2007 and he did n't kill me , but he killed all these girls , " she said . Sowell , 50 , is facing five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping in connection with the deaths . All the victims were African-American women . All that remains of one of them is a skull , wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the basement . Sowell served 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to attempted rape in 1989 . He was released in 2005 . So far , nine of the 11 victims found at Sowell 's home have been identified . The latest two were identified Monday by the Cuyahoga County Coroner 's Office , police said . They are Janice Webb , 49 , and Kim Yvette Smith , who was 43 when last seen . Both women were from Cleveland . Webb was last seen on June 3 and was reported missing on August 2 , police said . Smith was last seen January 1 , but was not reported missing until November 2 . A grand jury on Monday returned an indictment against Sowell in connection with an alleged assault and rape of a 36-year-old woman September 22 , Cuyahoga County prosecutors said in a news release . The investigation into that incident was what led police , armed with a search warrant , to Sowell 's home , where they discovered the bodies late last month . The alleged victim encountered Sowell while walking in the neighborhood , and he took her back to his home , where he became violent and raped her , prosecutors said . "  While raping her , he strangled her with a cord until she lost consciousness , " the statement said . "  When she regained consciousness , he led her out of the house . " Sowell faces a charge of attempted murder in the incident , along with two counts of rape , two counts of kidnapping and two counts of felonious assault , authorities said . Sowell will be arraigned on the new charges Friday , authorities said . The charges are first-degree felonies except for the assault charges , which are second-degree felonies , prosecutors said . If convicted , he would face a sentence of up to life in prison . The investigation into the homicides continues , prosecutor Bill Mason said in the news release . "  Upon completion of the investigation , the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor 's Office working with the Cleveland Police Department will present evidence to the grand jury seeking the death penalty for these heinous murders committed by Sowell . " Residents of the area near the home said they had noted a smell in the neighborhood , but assumed it was from nearby Ray 's Sausage Company . Asked whether she had noticed a foul odor , Frazier told WOIO , "  Yeah , I smelled stuff , but he always told me that -- at first he said it was his stepmother downstairs . And then I guess after she left , he told me that it was Ray 's Sausage . " Frazier said Sowell brought other women to the home when she was not there . "  I love my niece very much and while she has made some decisions that have not been in her best interest , she has my full support , " Jackson said in a written statement . "  As a family , we are extremely fortunate that she was not a victim in this case as she did have a prior relationship with the suspect that ended approximately two years ago . My focus continues to be on making sure the loved ones of the victims get the attention , closure and justice they deserve and it is my hope that everyone remains committed to that goal . " Hundreds of Cleveland residents gathered outside the house Sunday night to remember the victims . "  It 's hard , because I want to burn it down , " said Inez Fortson , whose daughter Telacia , 31 and a mother of three children , is among the dead . Sowell has been placed on a suicide watch at the request of his attorney , according to Sowell 's public defender , Kathleen DeMetz . A psychiatric evaluation has been ordered but it 's unlikely to happen until after the case goes before a grand jury , the next expected step . Police recovered the first bodies after they went to Sowell 's home to follow up on a rape accusation . In a separate incident , neighbors on October 20 reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor . Firefighters and paramedics responded , and later notified police . But the woman told officers that she was at the home "  partying , " when she fell off the roof , and no charges were filed . Agents from the FBI 's Behavioral Science Unit are assisting Cleveland police , Cleveland FBI spokesman Scott Wilson has said . The agents are preparing a profile of Sowell for police , tracing his life and habits , and his DNA will be entered into a national database to see whether it can be linked to any unsolved crimes . "  Our experts tell us it 's likely he 's done this before , " said Frank Figliuzzi , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Cleveland office . "  He 's probably done it elsewhere , and so we need to determine whether or not he 's responsible for other unsolved murders and rapes around the country . " In addition , the FBI is investigating whether Sowell might be linked to crimes abroad , Figliuzzi said . "  We know , for example , he was a Marine , he was assigned to California , he served in Okinawa , Japan , and we 'll be matching all the facts from these crimes here in Cleveland with the crimes that remain unsolved in our database , and we 'll specifically be looking at those locations where he 's previously lived . " Allen Sowell , the suspect 's half-brother , told CNN he last saw his brother more than 20 years ago . Their stepmother , who lived in the house after Anthony Sowell got out of prison , said she knew of nothing odd going on at the time , Allen Sowell said . The stepmother tried to get Anthony Sowell evicted from the house in 2007 because he was n't paying rent , Allen Sowell said . Anthony Sowell said he should n't have to pay rent on a house that belonged to his father , who died in 2004 . Anthony Sowell remained in the house when his stepmother had to be hospitalized in 2007 , his half-brother said . Allen Sowell said he was aware of his half-brother 's prison record , but "  just could n't fathom " the accusations now facing him . "  I did n't think he was in that bad of a mental state , " Allen Sowell said . "  You never think it would happen to your family . It 's a horrible feeling . " At 66 , Allen Sowell is 16 years older than his half-brother , and the two did n't meet until Anthony Sowell was 9 . He added , "  He deserves whatever he gets from the justice system . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Edmund Demarche and Ross Levitt and CNN Radio 's Brendan Gage contributed to this report .	NEW : Mayor Frank Jackson : "  I love my niece very much ... she has my full support " NEW : FBI says it 's likely suspect has "  done this before ; " looking at places he lived in past Lori Frazier , mayor 's niece , says she lived with Anthony Sowell from 2005 to 2007 Sowell charged with murder , rape , other crimes after 11 bodies found at home
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Muntadher al-Zaidi , the man seen as a hero in some circles for throwing his shoes at then-U.S. President George W. Bush , was sentenced to three years in prison Thursday by an Iraqi court . TV reporter Muntadher al-Zaidi , shown in a file photo , was jailed after throwing his shoes at President Bush . Al-Zaidi threw his shoes at Bush during a news conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in December in Baghdad . Neither shoe hit the president , and other people in the room quickly knocked al-Zaidi to the ground before security officials arrested him . Family members and journalists were cleared from the courtroom before Thursday 's verdict . After news of the verdict reached family members , al-Zaidi 's brother appeared close to fainting . Other family members were seen crying and shouting curses about al-Maliki and Bush . Watch al-Zaidi 's family protest the sentence " Al-Zaidi was a journalist who worked for the television network al-Baghdadia . The network also called for his release shortly after the incident . He explained his actions during an hourlong appearance last month in the Central Criminal Court of Iraq . Asked whether anyone pushed or motivated him , al-Zaidi said he was spurred by the "  violations that are committed against the Iraqi people . " In the Middle East , throwing shoes at someone is traditionally a sign of contempt . Al-Zaidi 's angry gesture touched a defiant nerve throughout the Arab and Muslim world . He is regarded by many people as a hero , and demonstrators took to the streets in the Arab world and called for his release shortly after the incident . Al-Zaidi , who faced a charge of assaulting a visiting head of state , had 17 lawyers to defend him . There were also three judges in the courtroom , along with the prosecutor and family members . In December , his defense team told CNN that he could face 15 years in prison if convicted . But al-Zaidi 's defense team was hoping to change his charge to an insult rather than assault , which would have brought about three months in prison rather than three years . CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Muntadher al-Zaidi gets three years in prison for throwing shoes at President Bush Throwing shoes at someone is sign of contempt in Middle East Al-Zaidi said he was upset over violations committed against Iraqis
CNN  -- Strong storms and heavy rain hampered travel from North Carolina to Maine on Tuesday . It was difficult to find an on-time flight out of the Northeast as some major airports had arrival delays of more than four hours . At one point , LaGuardia Airport had a delay of almost five hours . The fight tracking website FlightAware.com said more than 4,600 flights originating in or flying to the United States had been delayed for various reasons , including weather . There were more than 1,200 cancellations . The National Weather 's Storm Prediction Center told the millions of Americans along the East Coast to expect storms capable of producing damaging wind gusts . The bad weather was n't just there . Forecasters said tornadoes were possible in Colorado and Wyoming . There were also flash flood warnings in at least 10 states as storms passed through . In Voorhees , New Jersey , one resident said it felt like a tornado had hit . "  There was lightning striking all around us . Everywhere , " Sarah Lindauer told CNN affiliate KYW . At least 10 homes in the South Jersey town were damaged , but there were no immediate reports of injury and the weather service blamed the destruction on a severe thunderstorm , not a tornado . Melissa Calkins , an iReporter from Bergen , New Jersey , said it only rained for a few minutes , but when it did , the sky really opened up . She was out walking dogs when the storm hit . She got them in the car and headed to their owner in West New York , New Jersey , about four miles from where she was . "  I was shocked to reach higher ground and still reach a flooded path , " she said . "  I had to find an alternate route . " But not before snapping a picture that showed clearing skies , but water that almost covered the tires of four cars . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	LaGuardia Airport had a five-hour delay at one point More than 4,600 flights were delayed Tuesday , according to one website A resident of New Jersey said lightning was all around her home An iReporter was caught in a quick deluge that flooded streets
CNN  -- A "  faulty " flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands , an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others , Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday . Turkish Airlines workers carry the coffins of four staff who died in the crash . On February 25 , Turkish Airlines Flight 1951 from Istanbul to Amsterdam dropped from the sky on approach to the landing strip at Schiphol Airport , shattering into three pieces in a muddy field . Pieter van Vollenhoven , head of the Dutch Safety Board , said the instrument was one of the plane 's two altimeters , which measure altitude . Because of the "  faulty " left altimeter , the plane on automatic pilot reacted as if it were lower than it was and started to behave as if it was touching down . The plane was at 700 meters but the instrument indicated that it was at ground level . This caused the automatic throttles to slow the plane down , leading to a loss of speed . The plane was on automatic pilot when it crashed . Van Vollenhoven said there had been misty weather and if it were clearer then the pilots might have noticed how far up they were . He said that if such instruments do n't function , automatic pilots should not be used for landings . Investigators said there had been faulty meter readings on two other flights but the pilots were able to land . Van Vollenhoven said that the pilots realized the problem but failed to appreciate what had been happening until it was too late . In the immediate aftermath of the crash investigators said the plane fell almost vertically to the ground indicating the aircraft did not have enough forward speed . The plane crash less than 500 yards short of the runway . Passengers described feeling the plane suddenly drop before impact , and at least one passenger said he heard the pilot trying to give more power to the engines before it went down . Four of the crew and three Boeing employees were among the nine people killed in the crash . Turkey 's flagship airline is well-rated internationally for its overall safety record and the Boeing 737-800 has a good safety record . The last previous fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed as it tried to return to Schiphol shortly after takeoff .	Turkish plane that crashed in Netherlands had faulty instrument Investigators say altimeter gave false reading That made automatic pilot implement landing procedures while plane was too high Turkish Airlines flight 1951 crashed at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport killing nine
CNN  -- Life 's a beach for some of South Africa 's best horses . Trainer Justin Snaith says a day at Cape Town 's Muizenberg Beach provides the perfect workout for his thoroughbreds before they tough it out on the turf . "  This is the ultimate exercise , for both their mind and body , " Snaith told CNN 's Winning Post show . "  You take them down to the beach and for the first few strides they do their normal routine , which is either to be difficult or pull , and next thing you just watch them take a breath and they just totally relax . "  They certainly get hypnotized by the motion of the water , because you actually find you feel they start leaning as the water starts either going forward or back . All of a sudden you have this horse that is just so relaxed and at the same time , he 's getting the advantages of this lovely clear fresh seawater . " The formula clearly works . Since starting his career 14 years ago , Snaith has followed in the footsteps of his father Chris and become one of the country 's most successful trainers . Last year , he trained 198 winners , smashing the previous South African annual record of 174 . The tally included an unprecedented seven winners in a day at Fairview Racecourse in Port Elizabeth . With 40 kilometers  25 miles  of white sand stretching along Cape Town 's Atlantic peninsula , Muizenberg is popular with surfers and the odd shark as well as its equine visitors . It 's all part of a routine that helps the horses arrive at the track relaxed , ready to race and able to "  dig that little bit deeper , " Snaith says . He has 38 runners lining up in 12 races at the J&B Met at Cape Town 's famous Kenilworth Racecourse this Saturday , with Jet Explorer his contender in the main race . The six-year-old picked up a minor leg injury at an exhibition gallop recently , but a bit of ocean therapy has helped speed up his recovery . "  When horses pick up certain injuries , or even mentally need a break , the ocean is by far the most superior thing I 've ever seen , and it just gives them that day to just get their heads together , or get a little bit of infection out of their leg , " Snaith says . "  One walk in the ocean and you 've got a healed horse . " It 's all about giving the horses what they need , the 39-year-old says , whether it 's splashing around in the waves or pottering around in paddocks with their mates . "  A happy horse is a good horse , " he says . "  I only ask for one thing in return , that when those pens open and the starting gates open and those horses get running , that they give of their best , and as it stands now we seem to have a great agreement . " Read more : Top ten grandstand views Watch : Passion and dash at the races	South African horses enjoy relaxing trip to beach in preparation for race days Trainer Justin Snaith says seaside therapy works for both mind and body Muizenberg Beach is also popular with surfers and shark spotters Snaith is one of South Africa 's best trainers , claiming a record 198 winners in 2013
Rolling Stone  -- ABBA have announced plans to reissue their final album , "  The Visitors , " with a previously unreleased song on April 23 . "  From a Twinkling Star to a Passing Angel , " a demo recorded around the time "  The Visitors " was released in 1981 , will be the first new ABBA recording released since the box set "  Thank You for the Music " was issued in 1994 . The new version of "  The Visitors " will also include six previously released bonus tracks and a DVD featuring rare and unreleased footage from the Swedish pop band 's archives , including their last-ever live performance on the BBC 's "  Late Late Breakfast Show " in December of 1982 . ABBA disbanded in 1982 and have since refused to reunite . The band even declined to get back together for their induction in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2010 . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	"  From a Twinkling Star to a Passing Angel , " will be the first new ABBA recording released The new version of "  The Visitors " will also include six previously released tracks ABBA disbanded in 1982 and have since refused to reunite
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. regulators are directing 31 nuclear reactors similar in design to the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan , where an earthquake and tsunami caused a meltdown two years ago , to take additional steps to help contain radiation and other damage from any accident that is not quickly halted . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission directive on Thursday requires enhancements to systems for venting accumulated pressure from containment structures during an emergency . Vents must also be able to safely handle rising temperatures , hydrogen concentrations and radiation levels . The changes also aim to ensure that plant personnel can continue to operate vents safely if a reactor core melts down , the agency said . Plants in the United States were ordered last year by the NRC to take other steps to upgrade their "  hardened " venting systems after the 2011 disaster in Japan that crippled three reactors and released radiation into the atmosphere . It was the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986 . "  Strengthened vents will help these plants continue to protect the public and the environment even if emergency systems ca n't immediately stop an accident , " NRC Chairman Allison Macfarlane said in a statement . "  By safely releasing built-up pressure and hydrogen , the plants will preserve the buildings that contain radioactive material , " she said . U.S. plants covered under the directive are older , boiling-water reactors mainly similar in design to the Fukushima facility . During the meltdown in Japan , containment pressure exceeded twice the design limit , and there was no power or air to vent systems , according to an overview of the disaster by the Institute of Nuclear Power Operators . The goal for completing venting improvements in the United States is 2014 , depending on refueling schedules . Additional steps would take longer , if deemed necessary . The directive covers scenarios for structures meant to condense steam generated during an accident and control pressure and for the larger structures that surround the reactor . The NRC also plans to develop a rule to improve the filtering of radioactive material from any vented gases and to improve procedures for preserving the integrity of containment systems . An industry group said the new order is in line with its assessment of the "  most effective means " to address venting . "  Venting to protect containment integrity and to mitigate the impact of a serious event is among the long-established training responses that are part of these facilities ' severe accident mitigation guidelines , " according to a statement from the Nuclear Energy Institute , a trade group for the industry . The organization said the timetable is achievable but it did not provide a cost estimate . Plant operators may have to spend nearly $ 3.6 billion over the next three to five years on modifications to the nation 's 102 nuclear facilities in response to the Fukushima accident , according to a Platts survey released on Thursday . This includes costs for government mandates to handle threats from flooding and earthquakes as well as related engineering studies , Platts , an energy industry information service , said .	Nuclear Regulatory Commission requires changes at 31 plants NRC wants enhancements to help contain damage from any accident Reactors are similar in design to Fukushima plant in Japan Earthquake , tsunami caused meltdown at Fukushima in 2011
CNN  -- He won his first major at Augusta , played several rounds there with the President of the United States and racked up a record 50 consecutive Masters appearances -- but that 's not what leaps to Arnold Palmer 's mind when he reflects on the Georgia course . He points instead to the way in which the Masters -- the only one of golf 's four major tournaments to take place at the same course every year -- has spread the gospel of golf across Palmer 's home nation . "  I think the Masters is something that has brought golf to the American people in a way that no other course and no other golf course could do , " the 84-year-old told CNN . "  They rally around Augusta , and not just people in the southeastern states . They come from California , Washington , Wisconsin -- everywhere -- and that brings a certain mystique to the surface . " "  Lloyd Mangrum once said to me : ` You know Arnie , I 've won a few golf tournaments in my life but I 'd give them all up for one Masters . ' " Unlike the late Mangrum , who won the U.S. Open in 1946 but twice finished runner-up at Augusta  where his lowest round of 64 was a tournament record for 46 years  , Palmer had no such problems . In 1958 , just three years after turning pro , he took possession of the green jacket -- the first of four Masters triumphs , and of seven majors in total . Forty-six years later , Palmer -- then 74 -- received an unforgettable standing ovation as he approached the 18th green for the final competitive time after half a century of contesting the course . Latest scores : Masters leaderboard Like Tiger Woods , who misses his first Masters this week because of back surgery , it is the tournament in which Palmer competed the most -- so what made it so special ? "  Well , of course , the golf course itself . And the club is such a great place . Everything ! " opined one of the sport 's all-time greats . "  The location , the geography of the club , the way the course rolled , the condition -- it was always in impeccable condition , the greens were always good , the fairways . "  The entire golf course was something that was a pleasure to be on and I just thoroughly enjoyed it . " The scene of his victories in 1958 , 1960 , 1962 and 1964 , Augusta was also where Palmer played plenty of golf with Dwight Eisenhower , the U.S. President of 1953-1961 . Their first round came just hours after Palmer had won his first Masters in 1958 . "  I was on the course when  then Augusta chairman  Cliff Roberts , a very close friend of Ike 's , came out and said the President had said he 'd like to play the next day if I had time and would join him , " Palmer recalls . It was the first of many rounds that the duo would enjoy together , with Palmer later describing the golf-obsessed Eisenhower as like a "  second father . " No mention of Eisenhower and Augusta can of course be made without recalling the loblolly pine that became one of the most famous trees in golf history . Standing a little over 200 yards from the tee , to the left of the fairway , the tree was one that the sitting U.S. President , an Augusta member , wanted removed because of his tendency to hit it so often . At a governors meeting in 1956 , the world 's most powerful man proposed that the tree be cut down -- only for his friend Roberts , acting in his capacity as chairman , to rule him out of order and adjourn the meeting . The pine was swiftly nicknamed the "  Eisenhower Tree " and had stood proud and unbowed until suffering unsustainable damage during a major ice storm this February . While Augusta officials described the tree 's loss as "  difficult news to accept " and have begun deliberations as to how best replace it , Palmer believes Eisenhower , who died in 1969 aged 78 , would have had a different viewpoint . "  I 'm sure it did not make him unhappy that it was gone , " he laughs . "  But I think it was sort of a love-hate relationship . I think he got a kick out of complaining about the tree because it gave him a lot of trouble . "  On the other hand , it was part of Augusta and a very important part . " Palmer himself actually hit the famous tree en route to winning one of his Masters titles , but there may be no such trouble in future for one of his grandchildren . Sam Saunders , now 26 , turned pro three years ago and is fighting to return to his best form after losing his PGA Tour card after a disappointing 2013 . Appropriately enough , he made his first PGA appearance at last month 's Arnold Palmer Invitational -- tying 43rd but beating the likes of K.J. Choi , Padraig Harrington and Chad Campbell nonetheless . "  He 's a young man and he 's certainly getting some experience on playing professional golf , " says his grandfather , who followed him around the course in a buggy . "  He 's got a lot of challenges : a family he has to take care of , his game and winning . These are all major obstacles for him and things he must do to enjoy the game and his career as a professional golfer . "  He has the opportunity , but it 's going to take a lot of hard work . " Something that Palmer , who ended a 59-year professional career at the age of 77 , knows all about .	The Masters has been biggest boost to golf in United States , says Arnold Palmer Six decades on from first playing at Augusta , 84-year-old is still in thrall to its "  mystique " Palmer is considered one of golf 's all-time greats , alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player He won the Masters four times , level with Tiger Woods and two behind Nicklaus ' all-time record
CNN  -- Incredible architecture and art are splendid and interesting enough but when I go to Italy , I want to eat . Which is why , after a dozen trips to the country , I decided to settle into the city of Bologna for a few weeks and consume as much as I possibly could . Now , every Italian will tell you that their region makes the best food . But for many , the best Italian food comes from the region of Emilia-Romagna , of which Bologna is the capital . Meat ragu , tortellini , lasagna , parmigiano cheese , mortadella , coppa and balsamic vinegar -- all have roots here and the resulting regional dishes are truly sublime . Through dozens of meals at dozens of restaurants , I compiled this one-day dining guide to the culinary and sensory overload that is Emilia-Romagna . The only two requirements ? Bring extra cash and arrive hungry . Really hungry . Eat Like a Local : Share your favorite spots for superb regional eats A light , social start The Italian breakfast or colazione , is much lighter than the American version . It involves a simple coffee and a pastry , often filled with custard , cream or chocolate . My Italian friends , Odette and Mauro Messori , took me to their favorite breakfast stop one morning . For four years , every single day , the Messoris have walked 15 minutes downtown to the Fashion Caf   Via Massimo D'azeglio 34  . This modern and unusual version of the typical Italian coffee shop is situated inside a bookstore . Mauro peruses books and orders his daily macchiato while Odette prefers a frothy and creamy cappuccino estivo . "  Le gente , " or the people , however , are what Mauro loves most about his breakfast stop . In Italy , breakfast is more a social event than anything else , where you catch up with friends and start the day with hugs , handshakes and small talk . Pastry and coffee is more of an afterthought , but a really tasty one . I also stumbled upon a wonderful coffee bar during my stay , called Le Petit Caf   Strada Maggiore 25  , just a few minutes walk east of downtown . The coffee is excellent and prepared with great care , made better with a slice of fresh bread topped with a dollop of locally made marmellata . Delizioso . The real eating begins Lunch in Italy was once regarded as the most important meal of the day . Now , as the cities and towns modernize and more of the younger people are working in offices rather than the fields , lunchtime has become less complex and time consuming . Unless of course , you 're a tourist like myself and want to eat till your belly extends and your breath shortens . If that 's the case , many restaurants still oblige . One such restaurant is All ` Osteria Bottega  Via Santa Caterina 54  , about a 20-minute walk from downtown on a quiet unassuming street . Plan to take your time here and arrive ravenous . My friend Vanessa and I ordered a regional white wine and enthusiastically awaited our antipasti : homemade pickled vegetables in olive oil which were perfectly balanced and not too acidic . Next arrived the famous Culatello di Zibello or regional Parma ham aged for one year along the Po River -- an area whose winter fogs and humid summers make the air unlike any other in the world , plus the local Parmigiano Reggiano cheese , aged 30 months . To taste the finest parmigiano cheese is not understood until tried , savored . Vanessa 's stuffed zucchini with meatballs evoked memories of how her own Italian grandmother used to cook , while my freshly made rigatoni with a white ragout of small sausage meatballs , cannellini beans and rosemary was by far the most memorable pasta experience I had in Emilia-Romagna . You just ca n't believe food can taste this good .  Delicious local dishes tortellini in brodo and tagliatelli al ragu are also on the menu here . Satiated , we passed on a second course in exchange for the hot chocolate cake with red currants . One fork piercing elicited a liquid chocolate so good I could n't speak . I just about licked my plate clean , like any good Italian . An irresistible snack Get up slowly . With a satisfied lethargy , walk along the pretty porticoes that are the backbone to this cosmopolitan city . After 30 minutes or so , I like to think you 've walked long enough to deserve a gelato . Dating back to the 16th century in Italy , gelato is made primarily with milk rather than cream , giving it a lower milk-fat content than ice cream . It 's denser than American ice cream with less air whipped into it , which intensifies the flavors . Stefino Bio is an innovative gelato shop , situated on Via Petroni close to the University , that uses all organic ingredients . Their specialties include chocolate and pistachio-based flavors . Try the wasabi gelato or chocolate with ginger . To eat more at this point seems almost inconceivable , but it 's amazing what a late day leisurely stroll and an espresso can do . You sit down to rest in a pretty piazza , the stomach growls slightly and your next thought appears with an anxious , slow smile , "  Time for dinner ! " One more delicious meal "  To give is to receive , " is the mantra followed by the owner of Ristorante da Fabio , a cozy family-run restaurant that 's located in the Castiglione area . Gluttons find true bliss here as dishes are brought out in succession , delivered in big , family style bowls . If any meal felt like an Italian feast , it was this dinner . Mozzarella di bufala , ricotta cheese , crusted bread , liver pate , baked tomatoes with cheesy breadcrumbs , celery salad , grilled eggplant , braised endive , roasted zucchini , mortadella , prosciutto ... Yes , we ate all of that , and that was just the antipasti . Great Italian food forces you to stop and take your time . We savored every bite , paused for audible and elongated ` mmmms , ' and pressed on with mushroom risotto and fettuccine with pumpkin and pancetta . Both dishes reminded me that if you take deep breaths , you might make room for a little more . We drank , ate , drank , ate and finished our plates . Breathe ... In Bologna , you can get around quite well with English . But it is wise to learn a few words and phrases , like "  Basta "  stop  "  Sono piena "  I am full  or "  No ce la faccio piu "  I ca n't take anymore  . Feast in all these restaurants in just one day and you 'll be repeating every one of these phrases . But the peculiar thing is , you 'll head home , have a good slumber , wake up and want to do it all over again . Pasticcini anyone ? Follow CNN Travel on Twitter @CNNTravel Pamela Berger writes daily about southern artists and home design on her blog , Sweet Peach .	Emilia-Romagna 's rich local ingredients have earned the region high praise in food circles From a simple cappuccino to a perfectly prepared pasta dish , Bologna holds many pleasures Visitors to the region should learn a few key phrases to keep from vastly overindulging
CNN  -- By the time you read this Twitter may have already announced it 's getting into the online-music business . If so , they will have plenty of company -- courtesy of some of the tech world 's biggest names . After days of speculation , Twitter on Friday rolled out a Web page for Twitter Music . Of course , it was a page that did n't do anything , but sent a pretty clear signal that the much speculated-about service was about to become a reality .  The prevailing theory late Friday was that it would go live over the weekend , in conjunction with the Coachella music festival . But it did not . Early reports suggest the service will let users listen to the songs that are trending as most popular on Twitter and elsewhere on the Web . And it would be only one of several music-streaming services to either be introduced recently or rumored to be in the works . And it 's not just startups with names like Grooveshark any more . Google , Apple and Microsoft are among the major players now in the mix . Why are so many Internet titans getting into the game ? The answer is simple : dollars and cents . Online streaming , by which users listen to music either for free or for a monthly fee , is the fastest growing form of music listening , according to industry reports . The Recording Industry Association of America , in its annual report , said that while overall music sales were down in 2012 , digital-music sales were up 14 % , topping $ 4 billion . "  Digital growth was driven by large increases in revenues through what can broadly be referred to as ` access models , ' where users can choose to listen from large libraries of music rather than purchasing individual songs or albums , " the report read . At the top of that heap are sites like Pandora and Spotify . Pandora lets users give it suggestions , then creates a personalized radio station . Spotify lets users pick exactly what they want to listen to out of a library of more than 16 million songs . Both make money either through ads or by letting users pay a monthly fee to go ad-free . Spotify has made no bones about its desire to make even the Apple iTunes model for digital music obsolete . Why pay for music when you can listen to virtually anything you want to hear for free  or for a modest fee  , they ask ?  Some musical artists would say because it helps them make a living wage , instead of fractions of a penny for each of their songs played . For the first time , royalties earned from digital-music services in the UK just surpassed licensing revenues from radio broadcasts . And digital streaming is growing particularly fast among younger users . A Nielsen research poll from August suggested that teens now discover and listen to music on YouTube more often than on the radio , iTunes or CDs . "  The accessibility of music has seen tremendous expansion and diversification , " said David Bakula , a Nielsen senior vice president . "  While younger listeners opt for technologically advanced methods , traditional methods of discovery like radio and word-of-mouth continue to be strong drivers . " Here 's a closer look at the heavyweights hoping to get their share of the increasingly lucrative music market . Twitter On Thursday , music-discovery company We Are Hunted confirmed reports that it had been bought out by Twitter . Instantly gone from the Internet , We Are Hunted would search blogs , social media and other sites for new music that was picking up serious buzz and add it to a constantly updated stream . One would assume Twitter plans something similar . "  We ca n't wait to share what we 've been working on at Twitter , " reads a message on the now-closed Hunted site . "  We wish we could say  what it is  , but we 're not yet ready to talk about it . You 'll hear more from us when we are . " DJ turned "  American Idol " host Ryan Seacrest praised the app on Twitter on Thursday , saying it "  shows what artists are trending , also has up and coming artists . " The official rollout could happen at Coachella on Saturday , though Twitter did not respond to a request for comment and had not confirmed that as of Friday afternoon . Apple Reports have suggested that Apple , which already lets iTunes users listen to their own music libraries , is also eyeing the streaming-music space . Last month , reports surfaced that CEO Tim Cook had met with Beats Electronics , founded by hip-hop producer Dr. Dre and music-industry stalwart Jimmy Iovine . The maker of the popular "  Beats by Dre " and other headphones announced in January that it had begun "  Project Daisy , " a music-subscription service . Eddy Cue , an Apple executive who played a major role in creating iTunes , also attended the meeting , Reuters quoted three unnamed sources as saying . In its announcement of Daisy , Beats said the service would be released in late 2013 and "  bring an emotional connection back to the act of music discovery . " Google Google , meanwhile , is reportedly working to expand the already wide reach of YouTube in the Web music world . For young listeners , YouTube is already a massive music-discovery and listening tool . And , like Apple , Google provides virtual lockers for users to store and listen to their own music on multiple devices . Google 's service would reportedly let users subscribe to expanding streaming options . The company would n't confirm its plans on the record , but did n't shoot them down , either . "  While we do n't comment on rumor or speculation , there are some content creators that think they would benefit from a subscription revenue stream in addition to ads , so we 're looking at that , " said a spokesperson for YouTube , which Google owns . Microsoft Here 's the major player that 's already in the game . Xbox Music was introduced in October . It 's offered across a full range of Microsoft products , including the Xbox 360 , and uses the increasingly familiar ad-supported or ad-free for a fee model . While Microsoft flailed with its attempt at an iPod competitor , the Zune , the tech giant has been far more successful pushing the Xbox as an all-in-one entertainment device , not just a gaming console .	Twitter is the latest Web player to get into music streaming Ad-or-subscription streaming services like Spotify , Pandora are booming Apple , Google and Twitter all reportedly will roll out music services Microsoft 's Xbox Music feature was introduced in October
CNN  -- Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who drew heavy criticism from Republicans over her statements after the September attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission , withdrew her name from consideration for secretary of state on Thursday . In a letter to President Barack Obama , she said "  the confirmation process would be lengthy , disruptive , and costly -- to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities . That trade-off is simply not worth it to our country . " Obama acknowledged her letter in a statement that described her as "  an extraordinarily capable , patriotic , and passionate public servant . " He will meet with Rice Friday at the White House , National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said . Read Rice 's letter to the President She was thought to be a frontrunner for the post , which Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she would vacate as soon as a successor is confirmed . Democrat ` extremely upset ' with Rice 's withdrawal But Rice drew criticism for her description of the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , which killed four including the U.S. Ambassador to Libya , Chris Stevens . On several television programs several days after the attack , she described a protest of an anti-Islam video outside the mission buildings . She said her comments were based on declassified talking points , and sources within the intelligence community said the talking points were not modified by any other body , such as the White House . She further explained her decision to withdraw and defended herself Thursday in a piece for the Washington Post , writing : "  I have never sought in any way , shape or form to mislead the American people . ... Even before I was nominated for any new position , a steady drip of manufactured charges painted a wholly false picture of me . " Obama had defended her , describing the criticism from several key Republicans as "  outrageous . " "  If Senator  John  McCain and Senator  Lindsey  Graham and others want to go after someone , they should go after me , " Obama said at a White House news conference in late November . "  When they go after the U.N. ambassador , apparently because they think she 's an easy target , then they 've got a problem with me . " She visited Capitol Hill in an attempt to answer what the legislators called "  unanswered questions , " but her visit there appeared to backfire . Senators who sat in on the meetings said her appearances raised more questions than they answered . 5 questions on Susan Rice Her closed-door meetings "  really hurt her , " one knowledgeable Democratic source said . "  She probably underestimated the club . " The longer Rice went un-nominated , the source said , the worse her prospects appeared . It was "  better to get out now " so that Obama could begin announcing a national security slate as early as next week . In a statement , Clinton called Rice "  an indispensable partner over the past four years . " "  From the National Security Council to the State Department to the United Nations , Susan has worked tirelessly to advance our nation 's interests and values . I am confident that she will continue to represent the United States with strength and skill , " Clinton said . After Rice 's Thursday announcement , Graham said in a statement : "  I respect Ambassador Rice 's decision . President Obama has many talented people to choose from to serve as our next secretary of state . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid described Republican opposition to Rice 's possible nomination as "  shameful . " "  Ambassador Rice is eminently qualified to serve as Secretary of State and she could have been confirmed by the Senate . The politically motivated attacks on her character from some of my Republican colleagues were shameful , " the Nevada Democrat said in a statement . "  Their behavior was a disgrace to the Senate 's tradition of bipartisan cooperation on national security issues and beneath the stature of senators with otherwise distinguished records on national security . " Rice 's decision to not seek the post now leaves Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , as the presumed frontrunner for the spot . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and other high-ranking officials are also expected to depart soon . Kerry praised Rice as "  an extraordinarily capable and dedicated public servant " in a statement after her announcement . "  I 've known and worked closely with Susan Rice not just at the U.N. , but in my own campaign for president . I 've defended her publicly and would n't hesitate to do so again because I know her character and I know her commitment , " he wrote . "  We should all be grateful that she will continue to serve and contribute at the highest level . As someone who has weathered my share of political attacks and understands on a personal level just how difficult politics can be , I 've felt for her throughout these last difficult weeks , but I also know that she will continue to serve with great passion and distinction . " Kerry 's road to the State Department , should he be nominated , would appear to be smoother than Rice 's . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said after Rice 's announcement that Kerry would be a "  popular choice with the Senate . " Obama 's cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? Another Senate Republican , Rob Portman of Ohio , named Kerry as one of Obama 's "  better choices " for the spot , according to The New York Times . But despite his lauded role assisting Obama in preparing for the presidential debates this fall , Kerry is understood to be less of an Obama confidante than Rice . Kerry is a decorated veteran who served two tours of duty in Vietnam before his career as a lawyer and then in the U.S. Senate . His assignments there include the chairmanship of the Foreign Relations Committee . Should Kerry step down before his term ends in 2014 , Gov. Deval Patrick , a Democrat , would appoint a temporary replacement to hold the seat until a special election could be held . The special election race would likely include Sen. Scott Brown , who won in a special election three years ago but lost his bid for a full term , as well as Democratic Rep. Ed Markey , who is seriously considering a bid should Kerry 's seat open , a Democratic source said . On Thursday , Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire said she had "  respect " for Rice 's decision , "  however , my concerns regarding the terrorist attack in Benghazi go beyond any one individual . I remain deeply troubled by the continued lack of information from the White House and the State Department . With four of our public servants murdered , it is critical that we get to the bottom of what happened . " Ayotte told CNN after the late November meeting with Rice , Graham , and McCain , "  Certainly she misled the American public . " Opinion : A lucky day for Susan Rice Former CIA Director David Petraeus , who resigned last month after admitting to an extramarital affair , returned to Capitol Hill to testify on the attacks , and Clinton is scheduled to testify next week . Sen. Susan Collins , the moderate Republican from Maine , said through a spokesman that the Senate Homeland Security Committee , where she serves as ranking member , would continue its investigation into the Benghazi attack . She had raised her own questions about Rice 's potential nomination after a private meeting with the ambassador . The Thursday decision was Rice 's own ; she was not asked to step aside in the consideration process , a former administration official who had knowledge of her decision said . "  She has got a lot of honor , a lot of dignity , a lot of patriotism . This was a completely manufactured distraction , and she was determined to put her country first , " the former official said . "  No nominee for secretary of state has been subjected to such a sustained campaign of politicization and slander . And it is really troubling . " Madeleine Albright , who was the first woman to serve as secretary of state and has known Rice for decades , said Rice is "  brilliant " and described her withdrawal from consideration as "  sad . " "  I think it is genuinely , genuinely sad because she is one of the smartest people that I know and completely dedicated to serving the United States , " Albright told CNN . Rice "  put the country and the president ahead of her own ambition . It just shows what a tremendously thoughtful and good and responsible person she is . " In her letter to Obama , Rice wrote "  the position of secretary of state should never be politicized . " "  As someone who grew up in an era of comparative bipartisanship and as a sitting U.S. national security official who has served in two U.S. administrations , I am saddened that we have reached this point , even before you have decided whom to nominate , " she wrote . "  We can not afford such an irresponsible distraction from the most pressing issues facing the American people . " Rice served in President Bill Clinton 's administration on the National Security Council , eventually leading African affairs for the council and serving as a special assistant to the president . She was confirmed by the Senate as the top diplomat to the U.N. in January 2009 . If Rice had been nominated , she would have faced criticism from religious leaders about her role in the Clinton administration 's handling of the Rwandan genocide in the 1990s . U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , said on CNN that Rice 's decision was "  probably for the best . " "  I think Ambassador Rice was facing an uphill battle in the senate for any confirmation she may have received , " he said . Asked in an interview Thursday on NBC whether she wanted the top diplomatic post , Rice replied that she "  would have been very honored to serve in that job . " She added , "  But yeah , sure . How can you not want to -- in my field -- serve at the highest possible level ? " Opinion : An unfair portrait of Susan Rice CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Jim Acosta , Dana Bash , Gloria Borger , Elise Labott , Jamie Crawford , Paul Steinhauser and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report	NEW : Sen. Harry Reid : Republican attacks on Rice 's character were "  shameful " Susan Rice withdraws from consideration as secretary of state Nomination would be "  be lengthy , disruptive , and costly , " she says in letter to president Republican critics "  respect " Rice 's decision , vow to continue Benghazi inquiry
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Their faces stare from old photos , their voices silent since Super Typhoon Haiyan swept through Tacloban in the Philippines on Friday . At first Daisy Nemeth was n't worried . Her family was close , they kept in touch . Soon , no doubt , she 'd hear from her home in Hong Kong that all were safe . But three days later , that call has n't come . Around 30 family members are missing . "  It 's my uncle , my mom 's brother is missing . All his children , his wife , everyone . My cousin is missing with her six children , they range in age from 9 to 19 . Then I have many , many other missing cousins . But these are the ones we 're the closest with -- and they 're nowhere to be found , " Nemeth said . READ MORE : Survivors face grim struggle She 'd be there in a heartbeat to look for them herself , she said , but at six months ' pregnant and a mother to twin toddlers , there 's no way she can go , even if she could find a way in . Instead , her family , some of whom are based in Denmark , has been trying to hire someone to go to Tacloban to search for them , but no one seems to want to go . "  If no one can or is even willing to do it , I ca n't even begin to imagine the situation there , " she said . "  In the Philippines you can buy anything and anyone . I hate to say it but that 's the truth . So if we ca n't even pay someone to go in and look for them ... " Nemeth said , her voice trailing off . READ MORE : ` We just ca n't keep going ' Nemeth 's uncle , Rogelio Tan , is 68 years old and suffers from a severe learning disability . She 's concerned for his safety if he 's left to fend for himself . She says her uncle does n't always make the most sensible decisions , and fears what could happen "  if he does n't have his children with him to make good decisions for him . " Nemeth is checking Facebook pages where lists have been posted of survivors found in medical centers , and others are posting photos of lost family members in the hope that someone 's seen them . One of the largest is "  Tacloban  and nearby Waray Towns  Yolanda Update " where more than 17,000 users are swapping messages in a mixture of English and the local language , Tagalog . Among the pleas for help are stories of survival . "  THANK YOU LORD JESUS CHRIST ... just got a call from our mother and they are all complete and safe ... they survived by drinking only water in our deep wheel without foods in 4 days ... they walked 6 hours to reach the Tacloban City Hall just to be able to contact us . . they are now going to the airport to take the C130 to Cebu with my relatives , " writes William Sherwin Ay-Ay . Nemeth is hoping for a similar tale of survival but so far has seen nothing that has offered anything beyond graver fears that her family has disappeared without a trace . "  I 've seen all the pictures and I 'm scouring the pictures but I ca n't even recognize the neighborhoods , " she said . "  According to some Facebook groups , the area my uncle was in , it is n't even there any more . " And so the family 's search goes on . iReport : Looking for loved ones How to help Haiyan survivors	Three days after Typhoon Haiyan , families fear for silent loved ones Around 30 members of Daisy Nemeth 's extended family are missing Family 's trying to hire someone to go to Tacloban to find them Her 68-year-old uncle is missing , with children , wife , grandchildren , cousins
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- On November 8 , 1965 , 48 American soldiers lost their lives during "  Operation Hump " after the 400 men of the 173 Airborne Brigade were ambushed by roughly 1,200 Viet Cong fighters . I did not learn about this battle from a history book or teacher in school , but rather a popular country song -- "  The 8th of November " by the duo Big and Rich . Whenever someone asks me why I love country music , I think of songs like that one , and Tim McGraw 's "  If You 're Reading This , " and the Dixie Chicks ' "  Traveling Soldier " -- each with lyrics that capture the toll war has taken on this nation 's soul . Now , it would be disingenuous of me to pretend a black guy from Detroit listening to country is the norm . It 's not , and I know it . But I 'm not trying to be something that I 'm not . My family is from rural Mississippi and I spent a lot of my childhood playing on the dirt roads south of Greenwood . I have an uncle who has yet to recover from his time in Vietnam . So I know full well the world many country artists sing about : the watering holes , eating fried chicken , going to church , God , war . When Rodney Atkins sings , "  these are my people " I think : "  yes they are . " Obsessions : Crazy about country music So I am excited to see the crossover appeal of acts such as Lady Antebellum and Blake Shelton . I look forward to seeing Wednesday 's Country Music Awards . But I will also tell you I am disappointed that so few artists will sing about the one glaring aspect of life in the country that greatly defines how many Americans view the genre -- and that is race . Scan the singles released over recent decades and it 's as if race does n't exist as an issue despite the South , the home of country music , being the backdrop for the beginning of the civil rights movement . How can so many songs , like "  November , " be written with such great detail about events that happened 40 years ago , in a country thousands of miles away -- and yet we hear hardly a peep about the battles over race and rights that occurred at the same time on the industry 's doorstep ? About the battles and conversations that are happening around it still ? In 2009 , country starlet Taylor Swift won the album of the year Grammy for her CD "  Fearless . " It would be encouraging to see more of country 's songwriters embrace that word and be just that : fearless . Stop telling an abbreviated , sanitized version of their world while there is video from a surveillance camera in Mississippi showing a black man being beaten and eventually run over by a group of white teens who set out looking to attack the first black person they saw . While a word like "  plantation " is used to describe the voting practices of black Democrats and "  lynching " is tossed around regarding the media 's treatment of a black Republican . I can understand the hesitation some white artists may have about approaching this subject . They 're fearful of saying something offensive and country radio hates controversy  see Chicks , Dixie  . But the truth is that not talking about the unpleasant parts of life in the country do not make them go away . It just allows others to tell your story for you . I 've met some amazing people in the country music field : Good folks without a racist bone in their body . But they have seen and heard and lived through some disturbing things . They , too , have a point of view , a story . I wish the music would tell it . Not just for the sake of the artists , but for the millions of white Americans who come from small towns , listen to country music and should not be viewed as social pariahs by the rest of the nation because of it . Acknowledging racism does not perpetuate it but rather exposes the disease where it festers and hides . And just as "  The 8th of November " taught me something about the Vietnam War , country music can remind people not to allow the stereotypical few to unfairly define the whole . In 2004 , Kenny Chesney released his CD "  When The Sun Goes Down , " which included a song called "  Some People Change . " It was never released as a single but the song caught the attention of the duo Montgomery Gentry , who later covered it . The song became a top 10 hit for them in 2006 , but not before they massaged the lyrics . Instead of Chesney 's original : His old man was a rebel yeller , bad boy to the bone , and say ca n't trust a color feller , he judge 'em by the tone of their skin The duo sang "  you ca n't trust that other feller , " softening the language a bit . I 'm sure it does n't seem like a big thing to some , but I know some still refer to blacks as "  colored " or worse . So while I applaud the group for going as far as they did , I would have preferred they just told the story like it is , with all the warts , gashes , scabs and wounds . After all , racism is ugly . It 's OK to say so . It 's OK to sing so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Country music taught me about war He says it 's strange that country does n't tell the story of race and civil rights Granderson : Country music should be like the title of Taylor Swift 's CD : "  Fearless " Racism is ugly ; it 's OK to say it , and sing it , Granderson says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In 1994 , universal health care was a key policy plan for then-President Bill Clinton . It eventually failed . In 1993 , President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Clinton listen to a man 's story about health care problems . Now , 15 years later , another Democratic president is taking on the challenge , but facing an uphill battle from not only from Republicans , but from members of his own party . Will failing to reform health care have the same consequences for Obama 's administration as it did for Clinton 's ? Like Obama , Clinton came into office with reforming the nation 's health care system as one of his top priorities . Then-first lady Hillary Clinton , who headed the administration 's task force on reforming the system , delivered a 1,000-page plan that was dubbed "  Hillary Care , " which required Americans and permanent resident aliens to enroll in a health plan . Other provisions included Americans below a certain income level paying nothing for care . Republicans decried the plan as overcomplicated and used it to tag the administration as big government-loving , tax-and-spend liberals . The plan 's failure emboldened Republicans and led to huge Democratic losses in the 1994 midterm elections , allowing the GOP to take control of Congress and stymie other Clinton initiatives . Now , 15 years later , Obama potentially faces a similar fate . Obama seeks the overhaul to ensure that health insurance is available to the 46 million Americans currently without coverage while preventing costs to both the government and individuals from continuing to climb . Watch more on the health care debate " The president had set a deadline for passage of a bill before the August congressional recess , but in an interview Monday with PBS 's Jim Lehrer , the president said that if Congress tells him it 's "  going to spill over by a few days or a week , " that 's fine . iReport.com : Weigh in on the health care debate A senior White House official adds that while there is a "  long way to go " in coming up with legislation , there is a true effort being made to devise a bipartisan plan . See how the plans compare " " -LSB- The Senate -RSB- is working in a bipartisan way and despite all of the cacophony of attacks you 've heard from some Republicans , I think you 've got to give some credit to the Republicans on the finance committee who are making right now a good faith effort , despite pressure , probably from their own party , to work with Democrats to try to come up with something that people can get behind , " said White House Communications Director Anita Dunn on Wednesday . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , says in order for health care reform to get passed , it will take a well-coordinated bipartisan effort . "  I think the president is right . He really does want a bipartisan effort . And that 's what it 's going to take for it to be for the American people . But the approach to it is kind of like a doctor practicing bad medicine where you fix only symptoms and do n't treat the disease . ... the disease is only going to get worse . " But the battle over health care reform is weighed down by complex problems , competing interests , a $ 1 trillion price tag , conservative Democrats in sticker shock and Republicans sensing an opportunity to regain some of the power they lost in the 2006 congressional elections . Conservative Bill Kristol wrote in his blog that there is an opportunity to inflict political damage to the president and that opponents should n't compromise : "  My advice , for what it 's worth : Resist the temptation , " Kristol wrote . "  This is no time to pull punches . Go for the kill . " The White House has so far resisted another idea for raising revenue -- creating a tax on the medical benefits provided by employers . Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus said he likes the idea , but Obama said it could be too disruptive to a system in which 180 million Americans have health coverage provided by their employers . But while Obama has remained mostly popular in national polls so far , support for his health care plan has begun to wane . A CNN Poll of Polls released Wednesday indicates that less than half the country approves of how he 's handling the issue . Forty-seven percent in the poll approve of how the president is dealing with health care reform , with 44 percent disapproving . The poll averaged the three most recent national surveys that asked about Obama 's performance on health care : USA Today/Gallup  July 17-19  ; ABC/Washington Post  July 15-18  and CBS News  July 9-12  . Meanwhile , Coburn -- a fierce opponent of the current plans being worked up in Congress -- says that Congress needs to slow down . "  Getting this right is better than meeting a political deadline ... I want him to back off the timeline , " he said . "  Let 's start over ... let 's fix it all and do it in a way that the American people wo n't charge it to their grandkids . " CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , who has worked under several administrations , including Clinton 's , says there 's is concern that Obama may be trying to ram health care legislation through Congress as he did with the economic stimulus plan . "  And they -LSB- Americans -RSB- do n't have a lot of confidence in the past effort in the stimulus plan to put together something comprehensive and -- ` here we go again ' ... something that looks like it 's being thrown together to many people in the public . So they 're not confident that they want it . And Coburn 's argument -- along with nearly all congressional Republicans ' -- could pose a risk to Obama 's political capital with Americans . Gergen agrees . "  I think he 's got two other problems : One is that he does n't have a firm plan to sell . ... Second thing is , from his point of view , there are many in the public that 'd like to hear from him and also like to see just how he 's negotiating the plan , " he said . "  What they look for is a leadership that says , ` Here 's where we 're going to go , ' not a leadership that says , ` I 'm urging Congress to make more progress ' " Former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle , who Obama had tapped to be Health and Human Services director and the point person on health care reform before tax problems derailed his nomination , said getting health care reform passed now will be a major factor in defining Obama 's presidency . "  Because he 's made it such an issue , and because he has invested so much personal time and effort , this will , more than stimulus and more than anything he has done so far , be a measure of his clout and of his success early on , " Daschle was quoted in the New York Times . "  And because it is early on , it will define his subsequent years . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Paul Steinhauser and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	President Obama is urging Congress to come up with a health care reform plan CNN analyst sees similarities between Obama 's push and Clinton 's in 1994 Obama and top Democrats are seeking coverage for 46 million Americans
CNN  -- Forget about the Moonmen . It was all about the performances at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards . The VMAs were held at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn ; it was the first time the show has been held in New York in four years . From Lady Gaga 's return to the VMAs stage in search of "  Applause " to the not-so-secret 'N SYNC reunion , we count down the most memorable VMA moments . Photos : 2013 VMAs : Stars rock the red carpet 1 . Lady Gaga gets a round of "  Applause " The provocateur was surprisingly tame for her return to the VMAs stage and first performance of her new single , "  Applause . " Lady Gaga opened the VMAs with a tight shot of her wide-eyed face surrounded by a sea of white . When the camera zoomed out , it was revealed that Gaga was wearing a white cardboard square on her head and a long white robe . It was no meat dress , but the singer went through a number of costume changes during her act , eventually ending up in a seashell bra and thong . 2 . Miley Cyrus twerks the stage Miley Cyrus ' performance of "  We Ca n't Stop " surely turned heads with her skimpy outfit , twerking and several crotch grabs . Miley wore a furry leotard and danced around the stage with oversize teddy bears . But it was her collaboration with Robin Thicke for his hit single , "  Blurred Lines " that caused a gasp among the crowd . Miley stripped down to a nude bra and underwear and , with a foam finger in hand , she proceeded to grind her body hard against Thicke , making his controversial music video seem PG-rated . 3 . Taylor Swift 's boy "  Trouble " It was four years ago on the VMAs stage that Taylor Swift was interrupted by Kanye West during her big moment . After vowing to keep a stronger grip on the mic this time , Swift proudly claimed her award for Best Female Video for "  I Knew You Were Trouble . " But it would n't really be the VMAs without an awkward Taylor run-in . During her speech , she said , "  I want to thank the person that inspired this song -- and he knows exactly who he is -- because I got one of these ! " Cut to Swift 's ex Harry Styles of One Direction in the audience . But it was an earlier moment caught on camera that got the Twitterverse buzzing . When One Direction presented Selena Gomez with "  Best Pop Video " for "  Come and Get It , " cameras caught a glimpse of Swift allegedly mouthing the words , "  Shut the f -- up " . It may not have been as scandalous as Kanye 's "  I ` mma let you finish but ... " moment but it was enough to get the Taylor GIFs started . 2013 VMAs : Complete winners list 4 . Katy Perry 's TKO In another debut performance - and perhaps another competition with Gaga - Katy Perry closed out the 2013 MTV VMA 's with her new hit single , "  Roar . " Perry gave a ferocious performance under the Brooklyn Bridge in a set designed to look like a boxing ring , while she rocked a tiger print sports bra and satin shorts . 5 . Macklemore 's ` Love ' for everyone It was fitting that basketball player Jason Collins , who came out earlier this year , helped introduce Macklemore and Ryan Lewis . The hip-hop duo took home three Moonmen , including one for "  Best Video with a Social Message " for "  Same Love . " The duo also performed the marriage equality anthem for supportive fans who were treated to guest vocalists Mary Lambert and Jennifer Hudson Photos : Coming out in Hollywood 6 : Justin Timberlake : President of Pop Lady Gaga , Bruno Mars , Kanye West and Drake were all great , but the artist fans were really waiting for was Justin TImberlake - and they were treated to the full "  20/20 Experience . " Ten years after JT made his solo debut at the VMAs , he was honored with the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award , presented by "  Late Night " host Jimmy Fallon . The multi-hyphenate earned a standing ovation as he sang and danced his way through his hits starting with the new "  Take Back the Night " and working backward to the worst-kept secret in Hollywood : Timberlake and his former boy band brethren 'N SYNC reunited on stage . Lance Bass , J.C. Chasez , Joey Fatone and Chris Kirkpatrick came together for a brief walk down memory lane to sing "  Girlfriend " and "  Bye Bye Bye . " Timberlake might have tied with Macklemore and Lewis for most Video Music Awards with three Moonmen each , but only one of them had a 20 minute chunk of the show devoted to him . As JT said in his modified version of "  SexyBack , " "  I still run this b -- h. "	MTV 's Video Music Awards were held in New York for the first time in four years Lady Gaga returned to the stage ; Miley Cyrus ' racy performance surprised fans Macklemore and Ryan Lews took the spotlight to advocate for marriage equality
CNN  -- Russian troops advanced out of two breakaway Georgian regions on Monday as the outnumbered and underequipped troops from the former Soviet republic retreated to defend the capital of Tbilisi . Georgian soldiers on a tank watch a Russian attack on a convoy outside Gori on Monday . If Russia brings its full military might to bear on its former satellite state , the Georgian military could find itself overcome quickly . Jane 's Information Group , the British-based defense publications and military intelligence company , shows the Georgian military would be trying to hold off a force more than 20 times its size . Russia has about 641,000 in its armed forces , 320,000 of whom are in the army -- most of them conscripts who traditionally fare poorly against a motivated opponent , according to Jane 's . Low morale , poor management , inefficiency and inflexibility are cited as problems by Jane 's . Watch how Russia takes over Georgian city " About 26,000 are in the Georgian military , and about 17,000 of them are in the army , which has had the benefit of four years of training by the U.S. Marines , Army and Special Forces , according to Jane 's . Georgia has been trying to form a professional military force and by the end of next year expected to have only a small number of conscripts in its main force , Jane 's said . Those forces would be using almost all Soviet-era weaponry . The Tbilisi government has been seeking western armaments but has been told by Washington that forces must be able to use the old weapons proficiently before they get new ones , Jane 's reported . Even with those old weapons , Georgia does n't have much to work with . Its best tanks are Soviet-era T-72s , of which it has about 80 , according to Jane 's . The Georgian army has about 150 armored personnel carriers and infantry fighting vehicles and a similar number of artillery pieces . The sharp end of the Georgian air force consists of seven aging Su-25 ground attack fighters and seven attack helicopters , according to Jane 's . Russia 's weaponry is formidable . It has about 7,000 tanks , 7,000 infantry fighting vehicles and armored personnel carriers and thousands of pieces of artillery , Jane 's reports . In the air , Russia can bring 650 multirole or ground attack aircraft to the battle , as well as 500 attack helicopters . Georgia has 150 surface-to-air missiles to use in the fight , according to Jane 's . Of course , Russia 's military is spread across a country of 10.58 million square miles  17 million square kilometers  , 243 times the size of Georgia . It is not known how many or which of its forces are fighting in Georgia .	Russia has about 641,000 in its armed forces ; Georgia has about 26,900 Russia 's conscript forces plagued by low morale , poor management Georgia 's military trained by U.S. since 2002
Beijing  CNN  -- A teenage boy has become the focal point of growing public anger in China at the bratty behavior of children from privileged backgrounds . Last week , the son of an army general and celebrity singer in China rear-ended a Buick sedan carrying a family of three . It turned out that Li Tianyi 15 , was driving his BMW without a license , according to the Beijing Evening News . After the collision , Li and an 18-year-old friend , who was driving an Audi behind him , reportedly jumped out of their cars and attacked the driver and his wife , berating them for stopping abruptly . As the couple 's child cried in the back seat , the newspaper described how Li had threatened bystanders , daring them to call the police . The husband was taken to hospital after sustaining injuries to his head and ribs . Li had previously racked up 36 traffic violations while driving without license , according to media reports . Beijing 's Public Security Bureau told CNN that Li has since been sent to a juvenile detention center for a year . The teenager grew up in an elite family , his parents both singers who frequently appear on stage and on television . His father , Li Shuangjiang , has long been a household name in China , best known for his renditions of patriotic military songs . After the incident , Li issued a public apology for spoiling his son and asked that he be given another chance , CCTV reported . However , this failed to stop the tide of public anger . Many voiced their anger on Sina Weibo , China 's popular micro-blogging site . "  We will give him another chance , but the law ca n't . " posted @ Gujingyema . "  For kids with family and social connections , the only way to deal with this kind of kid is to go by laws . " @Sisirukou2265 observed : "  Nowadays , you are special if you have a special dad . " This is not the first time the children of the rich and famous in China have triggered public outrage . In October last year , a young drunk-driver hit two students on a university campus , killing one and injuring the other . According to Chinese media reports , the driver exclaimed "  My dad is Li Gang ! " as he tried to warn away security guards who tried to detain him . Li Gang is a senior policeman in Hebei province . Though the young driver was later sentenced to six years in prison , many people complained the punishment was too lenient . "  How can this be right ? " said @kakayazai on Sina Weibo . "  He deserves life in prison ! " @LeewuzhiV commented : "  Li Qiming  the driver  only sentenced 6 years in prison . I was taught since kindergarten that one life pays for one life . This case shows money can do everything . " Many in China speak of "  taizidang , " or "  princelings , " when referring to the children of high-ranking officials and rich families . According to one blogger , more and more people feel a sense of injustice when they hear about these children breaking laws and getting away with infractions by using their family 's connections . "  Public anger rages whenever there are negative reports involving the off-spring of high-ranking officials and wealthy families , " said Liu Yiming . He added that only by exposing their crimes would the situation improve in China .	Son of general reportedly attacked couple during road-rage incident last week The couple , who had their child in the backseat , were hospitalized , reports said Incidents involving children of China 's rich and famous have fuelled public anger Many in China refer to these children as "  taizidang , " or "  princelings "
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal overcame an injury scare to win a four-set classic over Juan Martin Del Potro and claim a place in the last eight at Wimbledon . With the light fading on Centre Court and Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge watching on , Nadal eventually beat his Argentine opponent 7-6 3-6 7-6 6-4 in just under four hours to book a quarterfinal berth . Nadal called for the doctor at the end of the first set after suffering an injury to his left foot that impeded his movement but he battled through the pain to take the opener on a tie-break . However , as Nadal moved gingerly around the court in the second set , Del Potro took full advantage to level the match thanks to some booming ground strokes . Injury casts doubt on Nadal 's Wimbledon defense In the third set Del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open champion , fell awkwardly when trying to change direction on the baseline and he left the court to be seen by the doctor . The 22-year-old returned and ensured the third set went into a tie-break but made a series of unforced errors to hand his Spanish opponent the upper hand before Nadal powered to victory in the fourth . After the match Nadal told reporters : "  I do n't know what the problem is , it seems to be a problem with the bone in the foot . "  I thought I would have to retire at the end of the first set because there was a lot of pain . But the tape changed the situation . Now I will have to check with the doctors and the physios . Something is there . " Nadal will play 10th seed Mardy Fish in the last eight after the American battled past sixth seed and last year 's runner-up Tomas Berdych 7-6 6-4 6-4 . World number two Novak Djokovic eased into the quarterfinals with a straight sets win over Michael Llodra . The Serbian , seeded second , powered to a 6-3 6-3 6-3 victory over the 19th seed in just an hour and 40 minutes on Court No. 1 . He will now face qualifier Bernard Tomic after the 18-year-old Australian continued his dream run at the tournament by defeating Belgium 's Xavier Malisse 6-1 7-5 6-4 . Tomic , who was born in Germany , is the youngest Wimbledon quarterfinalist since former champion Boris Becker in 1986 . Britain 's number four seed Andy Murray enjoyed a comfortable passage into the last eight with a 7-6  7-3  6-3 6-2 victory over France 's Richard Gasquet . He had been surprised to see William and Kate in the Royal Box on Centre Court and joked to reporters afterwards he would have liked advance warning . He said : "  If I 'd known they were coming , I would have shaved . I was thinking to myself as I came off I was sweaty and very hairy . I said to them , ` I 'm sorry , I 'm a bit sweaty . ' "  No-one else had heard anything . I saw them when I went out . It 's obviously great to get the chance to play in front of them and it was very nice to get to meet them . " Murray will now play Spain 's Feliciano Lopez after he beat another unseeded player , Lukasz Kubot from Poland , 3-6 6-7 7-6 7-6 7-5 . Six-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer dropped the first set against Russian 18th seed Mikhail Youzhny but recovered to triumph 6-7 6-3 6-3 6-3 . The Swiss will now face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga who overcame seventh seed David Ferrer 6-3 6-4 7-6 .	World number one Rafael Nadal survives injury scare to beat Juan Martin Del Potro 7-6 3-6 7-6 6-4 Novak Djokovic beats Michael Llodra 6-3 6-3 6-3 in Wimbledon last 16 clash Six-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer beats Mikhail Youzhny Number four seed Andy Murray beats Richard Gasquet 7-6 6-3 6-2
If YouTube is really on the verge of buying video game-streaming website Twitch , there 's at least one reason behind the move that 's as old as business itself : eliminating the competition . Little known outside the gaming world , Twitch has quietly skyrocketed , claiming 43 million monthly users just three years after it launched . Those users , Twitch says , watch an hour-and-a-half of video a day , much of it live coverage of things like video game competitions and other players working their way through new games . As it turns out , watching people play video games is a big deal on the Web . At YouTube , which is owned by Google , some players have amassed follower bases of more than 1 million people by posting video of themselves gaming . So when an upstart like Twitch comes along , analysts say , it makes sense for Google to act . "  For Google , this is a defensive measure as much as it is anything else , " said James McQuivey , a technology analyst with Forrester Research . "  Google found early on with YouTube that play-throughs of video games were a huge traffic draw . If you do n't watch those videos , you do n't even know they exist on YouTube . But for people who watch them , that 's all they see . " On Sunday , both the Wall Street Journal and Variety were reporting that YouTube is in talks to buy Twitch for more than $ 1 billion . Neither company was commenting publicly on Monday . Microsoft and Amazon are among several other companies who were reportedly trying to purchase the site . More than just a place to stream video , Twitch has also succeeded at becoming a social network of sorts , McQuivey said . Comments are integrated into the site 's videos , letting viewers talk with each other , or even the players themselves , as they watch . "  It 's no longer just wanting to see how someone defeated the boss on Level 5 , " he said . "  It 's having that social experience and the comradeship of fellow gamers . Twitch has nailed that and if you 're Google , you realize that people watching stale old videos ... that 's going to dry up . " And on the Internet , traffic means money . Advertisers like live events because of the level of excitement they create and the fact that they can reach a target audience all at once , McQuivey said . Twitch made headlines in February when a version of "  Pokemon Red/Blue , " a 1990s game for Nintendo 's Game Boy , streamed on the online video platform for days , allowing more than 80,000 people to play simultaneously . For Twitch , the appeal of an eight-figure deal  aside from the eight figures  would be gaining Google 's arguably unrivaled resources to support and expand its site . In some ways , Twitch 's massive growth in a short time has been a blessing and a curse . Twitch generates more traffic than HBO Go in the United States and has tripled the amount of bandwidth it uses in the past year , according to Sandvine , a networking-equipment company . "  To be quite honest , we ca n't keep up with the growth , " Twitch Vice President Matt DiPietro told The Verge last year . "  That 's a good problem to have . " Add Google to the mix , and that problem disappears . "  I think the whole concept started as a social experiment , " McQuivey said . "  It became a commercial business so rapidly that they were n't prepared and they did n't have the resources ... . When Google wants to care about the outcome of your business ... it ends up being a really good deal . " In this way , it 's not unlike Facebook 's recent purchase of Oculus VR , which gave that upstart maker of virtual-reality headsets access to Facebook 's vast resources and user base . Regardless of the outcome of this deal , McQuivey says live streaming is something YouTube is going to have to figure out . Increasingly , the entertainment industry is using live TV events -- from "  The Sound of Music " to live voting on "  The Voice " -- to attract viewers who have become increasingly spoiled by the overabundance of digital media at their disposal . "  The next thing you 're going to have to get into is live-streaming your high school football game or you trying to conquer a new rail with your skateboard , " McQuivey said . "  If you can get into a world where someone wants to show off that they 're better on the half-pipe than anybody else in the world , you could have a couple thousand people watching live to see if you can pull off that back flip . "	Reports say Google 's YouTube is in talks to buy Twitch Twitch is a website that focuses on live-streaming video games It has quietly amassed a huge audience in a short time Analyst says move would let Google eliminate competition
New York  CNN  -- In the schoolyard of American politics , President Obama is the big , smart kid with all of the test answers who 's being bullied by a bunch of Neanderthal ankle-biters from all sides . Meanwhile , all the teachers are wondering , "  Why does he take this crap ? He 's bigger and smarter than all the other kids . " It 's no surprise the Glenn Becks of the world have been attacking Obama since the moment he stepped into the Oval Office . Beck and his blathering buddies on the right -- you know , the stinky kids in the coatroom who eat their own boogers . Always pick on the kids least likely to fight back . That being said -- we did elect President Obama to change things , and so far the only thing he seems to be changing are his faux-patriotic lapel pins ... and his mind . With the public option in the public toilet , not asking or telling about "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the Gitmo Hilton still entertaining guests , and same-sex marriage so far off Obama 's radar that it 's now on his sonar , seeds of doubt have been planted in the left 's collective mind . If this guy ca n't get his own party to step in line on health care reform , they wonder , then how the hell will he get other countries to do what he wants them to do ? Although in some ways , that might be easier then dealing with these Blue Dogs who hump your leg ... and not in a good way . It 's a valid concern . However , we ca n't expect him to accomplish all this sweeping change in less than a year . It 's important that he lay the groundwork instead of just going all "  Decider " on everyone and making gut choices . But he ca n't just be "  The Thinker , " either . Last time I looked , "  The Thinker , " by Rodin , had been sitting on his butt in the exact same place , for years . Unfortunately , laying groundwork does n't win you any fans -- well , besides a few Nordic voters on the Nobel panel . Flexing muscles , now that wins you fans . Just ask the Governator . That 's why the Financial Times said it 's time for President Obama to pick a fight and win it in a knockout . But instead of working on that knockout , President Obama and his White House cronies are feuding with Fox News . While I 'm loving this Fox hunt , the White House 's strategy boggles my mind . This is not a war of necessity . Picking a fight with them is kinda like going to a biker bar after midnight -- as my mother used to say , "  Nothing good can happen . " That is , unless this heavyweight bout keeps escalating and we actually get to see Glenn Beck prancing around in a pair of sequined boxing shorts . When you disregard the action against Fox News , Obama seems to be paralyzed , like a frog that 's had it stomach rubbed -- which may the reason he 's got problems on both sides of the lily pad . Admittedly , I might be overreacting just a bit . The majority of the country is behind Obama . The situation just seems worse than it is because we 're not used to this new era , in which you can actually criticize the president without being shouted down as an unpatriotic , Socialist , traitorous , granny-killing , freedom hater . After eight years of a presidency shrouded in darkness , we 're not used to seeing the president 's supporters , of all people , shining a light on his shortcomings . Back to the schoolyard , where Barry Obama is being bullied . You know what ? He 's big , he can take it . You know why ? Because not only is he right in his beliefs , but he knows that if push comes to shove , he can lay out the rest of these runts with a couple of good smacks of his presidential pen . It 's not time to panic , but President Obama needs to size up one of these twerps , cock back his arm , and take a swing soon , because the Democratic majorities in Congress wo n't last forever . President Obama won 53 percent of the vote last November , so we know he has it in him to win the big battles . We know he has a lot on his plate . But we just want one decisive victory . That 's all we 're asking for . A show of strength . Something to grow on . Show these class clowns who they 're messing with . You do n't have to be "  The Decider . " Just the president . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joy Behar .	Joy Behar : Obama the big , smart kid bullied by Neanderthal ankle-biters in the schoolyard Behar : Teachers think : "  Why does he take this ? He 's bigger and smarter " than them Behar : Obama elected for change , but so far changing only lapel pins and his mind Joy talks politics with "  Joe the Plumber " Joe Wurzelbacher on tonight 's "  Joy Behar " HLN 9 p.m. ET
CNN  -- Dr. Rick Sacra , an American missionary doctor infected with the deadly Ebola virus , has improved slightly while being treated in Omaha , Nebraska , his wife said . "  Rick is very sick and weak , but slightly improved from when he arrived yesterday , " Debbie Sacra said Saturday in a press release issued by SIM , the Christian mission organization for which Sacra works . "  He asked for something to eat and had a little chicken soup . " Debbie Sacra and the couple 's 22-year-old son visited him for 25 minutes by a video link at Nebraska Medical Center , according to the press release . Sacra landed Friday morning in Omaha . Sacra , the third American with Ebola to return to the United States for treatment , was stationed in Liberia when he was exposed to the virus . Debbie Sacra said she and her husband want to keep the focus on the Ebola crisis in West Africa . "  We do n't want this story to be about Rick , " she said . "  The story is the crisis in West Africa . That is what is most important . The world is coming to this fight late . " Ebola is a highly infectious disease that can kill up to 90 percent of the people who catch it . The CDC estimates there have been more than 3,000 cases of Ebola and more than 2,000 deaths since 1976 .	Dr. Rick Sacra , an American missionary doctor , was infected in Liberia He 's being treated at Omaha 's Nebraska Medical Center Sarca is the third American to return home for treatment
CNN  -- Asiana Airlines Flight 214 was seconds away from landing when the passengers sensed something horribly amiss . The plane was approaching San Francisco International Airport under a beautifully clear sky , but it was flying low . Dangerously low . Benjamin Levy looked out the window from seat 30K and said he could see the water of the San Francisco Bay about 10 feet below . Even for an airport where landing strips run close to the water , the descent seemed alarming to the San Francisco man . "  I do n't see any runway , I just see water , " Levy recalled . Further back in the Boeing 777 , Xu Das had the same realization . "  Looking through window , it looked on level of the  sea  wall along the runway , " he posted on Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . Latest developments on the crash Then , with no warning from the cockpit , the plane slammed onto the edge of the runway . The impact severed the plane 's tail and sent the rest of it spinning on its belly . A massive fireball and clouds of smoke shot skyward . First responders rushed to the scene as horrified onlookers at the airport terminal feared the worst . Medics found the bodies of two Chinese girls on the runway , next to the burning wreckage . The airline identified the girls as students Wang Linjia and Ye Mengyuan , both 16 . Remarkably , 305 others on the plane survived the crash Saturday morning . A total of 70 Chinese students and teachers were headed to summer camp in the United States , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . "  We 're lucky there has n't been a greater loss of life , " San Francisco Fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White said . When rescuers arrived , they found some passengers coming out of the water . "  There was a fire on the plane , so the assumption might be that they went near the water 's edge , which is very shallow , to maybe douse themselves with water , " Hayes-White said . Why this flight was survivable While 182 of them were taken to hospitals with injuries ranging from spinal fractures to bruises , another 123 managed to escape unharmed . Some jumped out or slid down emergency chutes with luggage in hand . Harrowing flight The crash ended an otherwise mundane flight that originated in Shanghai , China . It made a connection in Seoul , South Korea , before flying 10 hours to San Francisco . Among the 291 passengers were 141 Chinese , 77 South Koreans , 61 Americans and one Japanese , Asiana Airlines said . The airline is one of two major airlines in South Korea ; the other is Korean Air . At the helm of the plane was one of Asiana 's veteran pilots who had been flying for 17 years , the airline said Sunday . Three other pilots were also on board , working in shifts . Once the plane fell short of the runway , passengers found themselves on a roller coaster . "  I thought as the plane was landing , it looked like the pilot was trying to take off again , " passenger Noni Singh said . The airplane dipped sharply . Expert : Flight should n't have been close to seawall "  And then just boom , the back end just hit and flies up in the air , " Elliott Stone , another passenger , said , "  and everybody 's head goes up to the ceiling . " Dark gray smoke rose from the plane as it lay on its belly , with no landing gear evident . Its roof was charred and , in spots , gone . The back of the plane had been lopped off entirely . Flames and smoke burst out of its windows . "  Honestly , I was waiting for the plane to ... start flipping upside down , in which case I think a lot of people would have not made it , " Levy said . "  If we flipped , none of us would be here to talk about it . " Xu and his wife were among the fortunate . "  We quickly slung on luggage and grabbed our child and walked toward the back , " Xu said on Weibo . "  Saw the kitchen at back mostly disappeared . A huge hole -- very round . We quickly rushed out . Only after coming out did we see three of us had slight bruises . " The big question Exactly what caused the crash could take up to two years to determine , said Choi Jeong-ho , head of South Korea 's Aviation Policy Bureau . ' I just crash landed . I 'm OK . Surreal ' South Korean investigators will work alongside officials from the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . The flight recorders from the plane have been recovered and are on the way to Washington , the NTSB said Sunday . The airline purchased the plane , a Boeing 777-200 , in March 2006 . Asiana CEO and President Yoon Young-doo said there was no engine failure , to his knowledge . "  The company will conduct an accurate analysis on the cause of this accident and take strong countermeasures for safe operation in the future with the lesson learned from this accident , " Yoon said . The survivors Many of those who survived the crash chalked it to divine intervention . "  I think it 's miraculous that we have survived because things could have been much worse , " said passenger Vedpal Singh . Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook 's chief operating officer and author of the book "  Lean In , " was supposed to be on Flight 214 . But she switched to a United flight , arriving about 20 minutes before the Asiana flight crashed . "  Serious moment to give thanks , " she wrote on her Facebook page Not the first time Prior to Saturday 's disaster , Asiana Airlines endured two deadly crashes over the past 20 years . In 1993 , a crash near South Korea 's Mokpo Airport killed 68 of the 116 people on board . The Boeing 737-500 went down in poor weather as the plane was attempting its third landing , the Aviation Safety Network said . And in 2011 , a cargo plane headed from Seoul to Shanghai slammed into the East China Sea , killing the only two people on board . Perhaps one of the reasons so many people survived Saturday 's crash was because the Boeing 777 is built so that everybody can get off the plane within 90 seconds , even if half the doors are inoperable . Still , many questions linger . Yoon , Asiana 's president and CEO , told reporters he could not confirm many details of the crash , pending the investigation . But he started the press conference by bowing his head in apology . New details from cockpit voice recorder CNN 's Diana Magnay , Mike Ahlers , K.J. Kwon , Kyung Lah , Amanda Watts , Jaime FlorCruz , Joe Sterling , Janet DiGiacomo , Richard Quest , Ben Brumfield , Seo Yoon-jung , Sohn Seo-hee and Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	Flight recorders have been found , the NTSB says Asiana identifies the two 16-year-old girls killed in the crash 182 people were hospitalized , while 123 were uninjured Passengers say the plane 's rear struck the edge of the runway
CNN  -- Sitting inside the quaint tasting room of Chateau O'Brien , an award-winning French-style winery in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Northern Virginia , co-owner Debbie O'Brien pours some of the best red wine in the region . The original structure for Chateau O'Brien was an old French farmhouse that Howard O'Brien , Debbie 's husband , transformed into a first-class winery known for its large copper doors , wrap-around sundeck and rich aged wines that include a medium-bodied Malbec , a full-bodied Cabernet Franc , an elegant Petit Verdot , and the fast-selling Tannat Limited Reserve and Late Harvest Tannat . The secret to Chateau O'Brien 's success : "  We grow our own grapes , " said Howard O'Brien , who owns three sprawling Virginia vineyards . Chateau O'Brien is one of about 230 wineries in the state , many of them small , boutique operations that specialize in regional wines . Virginia is relatively new to the wine-making industry by European standards , but it 's quickly gaining notoriety among wine enthusiasts from across the country . Virginia ranks fifth in the nation for number of wineries and for wine grape production . As evidence of the emerging quality of Virginia wines , the U.S. Treasury Department designated Middleburg , Virginia , as the newest American Viticulture Area . Many wineries in Northern Virginia are situated about 50 miles from Washington , which makes the experience great for day trips or weekend retreats . Tasting fees at most Northern Virginia wineries range from $ 6 to $ 15 per person , and while some Virginia wine loyalists are somewhat optimistically comparing the region to Napa Valley and Sonoma , there are indeed several standouts that can compete with some of the nation 's better wineries . Take Delaplane Cellars , a family winery owned by Jim and Betsy Dolphin that boasts panoramic views of the Northern Virginia mountains in a spacious , contemporary setting . At Delaplane , the wine is tasty and the amenities do n't stop at the views : The homemade sausage is excellent and the Dolphins also serve generous portions of olive oil and freshly ground pepper for dipping . On weekends , Delaplane pairs tastings with live jazz . Wines at Delaplane Cellars include crisp whites like Chardonnay and Viognier and complex red wines that include Melange Rouge , William 's Gap Reserve , and Cabernet Franc . "  All of our wines are made from authentic Virginia grapes , " according to Delaplane 's website . "  Our goal is to craft delicious single vineyard wines . " It must be working . On a recent visit to Delaplane Cellars , the large tasting room was crowded and every table overlooking the mountains was filled . I overheard several people talking about how much they enjoyed the wine , and a couple next to me bought six bottles immediately after their tasting . Do n't leave without trying the Cabernet Franc with the homemade sausage ; it 's a real treat . If you want to bring the kids along , consider Barrel Oak Winery , a family-friendly operation where you can take your own picnic lunch . The winery also offers complimentary juice boxes for children . For red wines only , visit Boxwood Wineries in Middleburg , Virginia , a picturesque property owned by John Kent Cooke , the former owner of the NFL 's Washington Redskins . The winery features Merlot , Malbec , Cabernet Franc , Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon . Boxwood has received three Decanter Magazine World Wine Awards and has been featured in The Washington Post and Washingtonian Magazine . But for customers seeking a personal touch , there 's an unexpected pleasure that comes with visiting Chateau O'Brien : The O'Briens . Howard , a passionate wine expert from New York , and Debbie , a charming businesswoman from Alabama , both enjoy conversing with customers and keeping them smiling . Debbie , who is extremely familiar with the art of wine-making , also prepares snack offerings such as ham and cheese croissants , fine cheese plates , fresh baguettes and gourmet chocolates to pair with wines that age two or three years in French oak barrels . On March 9 and 10 , the winery is hosting a St. Patrick 's weekend celebration with live Irish music and traditional Irish fare for $ 25 per person . Since Chateau O'Brien opened in 2006 , the O'Briens are fast becoming known for their Tannat , a grape traditionally grown in Southern France and Uruguay . Since the Tannat flourishes in humid climates , Virginia is the perfect region to harvest the grape . O'Brien 's Tannat has won awards in New York and internationally . "  We wait for the grapes to become ripe , not when it 's convenient to serve the wine , " O'Brien said . "  It 's all about the fruit -- and patience . " Here 's a tip : Spend a few extra bucks  $ 35 per person  for the private tasting in Howard 's stone-covered cellar where he regales guests with stories from long ago summers and serves fine wine only sold in the private cellar . You wo n't regret it . Wine country stays Consider staying in Paris -- Paris , Virginia , that is . The Ashby Inn & Restaurant is only a 10-minute drive from Delaplane Cellars . It 's a great place to spend one night or a weekend after visiting Virginia 's wineries and driving through the countryside . The inn offers 10 charming rooms on three acres -- six rooms in the main house and four in the school house . The restaurant is open for breakfast , lunch and dinner . Take time out to rent a bike and pedal quietly around the peaceful grounds or drive 20 minutes to the nearest golf course . For a more upscale hotel experience and a romantic getaway , try the Goodstone Inn & Restaurant in Middleburg . It 's a bit pricey , but for special occasions like birthdays , anniversaries or Valentine 's Day , you wo n't be disappointed . The property sits on 265 acres of rolling pastures in the shadows of the Blue Ridge Mountains . There are 18 rooms in six separate cottages . The rooms are beautiful and well-appointed , some with Jacuzzis . There 's also a common area downstairs , a full kitchen with utensils and refrigerators stocked with bottled water . Get a room on the top floors for better views . The restaurant serves great food for breakfast , lunch and dinner . Take a stroll around the property , swim in the pool , and here 's a tip : Grab a bottle of wine and a blanket and pick your spot on the sprawling pasture at sunset . Watching the burnt-orange sun slowly dropping behind the mountains is a perfect end to a great day .	Virginia is home to about 230 wineries For a quick getaway from D.C. , try one of Northern Virginia 's friendly tasting rooms Chateau O'Brien in Markham is gaining recognition for its Tannat wines
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish warplanes carried out a second night of airstrikes against suspected Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq , as deadly clashes erupted within Turkey between security forces and guerrilla fighters . Meanwhile , a spokesman for the Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq expressed concern Friday about the Turkish cross border raids . In an interview with CNN , Kawa Mahmoud called on Turkey to resolve its long-simmering conflict with Kurdish separatist through diplomacy , not violence . "  We always emphasize that shelling  the  Iraqi border is inconsistent with international conventions and good neighborly relations , and we consider it as intervention and disregard for the sovereignty of the Kurdish and Iraqi territory , " Mahmoud said , adding "  the bombings directly affect the infrastructure of the region of  Iraqi  Kurdistan . " In a news release Friday , the Turkish military said warplanes and artillery pounded more than 100 targets in rugged mountains of northern Iraq where fighters of the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  have long been active . The Turkish armed forces periodically target what Ankara calls PKK "  safe havens " and "  attack bases " in northern Iraq . For more than a decade , these remote border regions have been beyond the authority of the Iraqi central government as well as of the semi-autonomous Kurdish administration that governs the northern part of the country . In the meantime , Turkish officials told CNN two more Turkish soldiers were killed in clashes in a remote region of south-eastern Siirt province Thursday night . An official from the Siirt governor 's office , speaking on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media , said suspected rebel fighters carried out two night-time attacks on local gendarme stations and government buildings using "  rocket launchers and long-range weapons . " The official said two Turkish soldiers were killed and four wounded in the fighting . He said three rebels including a female fighter were also killed in the clashes . Dozens of Turkish soldiers have been killed over the last month , in a clear escalation of the conflict that has raged intermittently between Kurdish separatists and the Turkish state since 1984 . More than 30,000 people have been killed in the conflict , many of them ethnic Kurds . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . For decades , Ankara imposed oppressive policies , which banned Kurdish names and language and sometimes referred to the community as "  mountain Turks . " The government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has attempted to improve relations with Turkey 's Kurds in recent years by launching a Kurdish channel on state television and acknowledging "  mistakes were made " in the way Ankara treated the minorities . But tensions have escalated between Erdogan 's government and the main Kurdish nationalist political party in recent months . After winning a larger number of seats in June parliamentary elections , the main Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party  BDP  boycotted the swearing-in ceremony for new lawmakers . Kurdish lawmakers are protesting a decision by Turkey 's electoral board , which disqualified a prominent Kurdish candidate from participating in the June election . Politician Hatip Dicle was barred from running due to a 20-month prison sentence he received for "  making propaganda for a terrorist organization , " a Turkish reference to the PKK . Meanwhile , riots involving Kurdish youths have periodically erupted in recent months in Istanbul and other Turkish cities .	Turkish military said it pounded more than 100 targets in northern Iraq Tensions have been escalating between the Turkish government and the Kurdish minority Two soldiers were killed in clashes in Siirt province , official says
CNN  -- To the wonderful array of characters and names in the "  Harry Potter " universe -- Ron Weasley , Dolores Umbridge , Bellatrix Lestrange , Cornelius Fudge and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named -- add yet another getting a shot at the spotlight : Celestina Warbeck . Warbeck is n't a completely new character . In a note on Pottermore.com  sign-up required  , author J.K. Rowling mentions that the "  Singing Sorceress , " as she is known , has made occasional off-stage appearances in the Potter books and in a "  Daily Prophet " series done for the Potter fan club . But she gets a full profile , along with a performance of her hit "  You Stole My Cauldron but You Ca n't Have My Heart , " on the Potter website . "  Celestina is one of my  favorite  ` off-stage ' characters in the whole series , and has been part of the Potter world ever since its inception , " Rowling wrote . "  I always imagined her to resemble Shirley Bassey in both looks and style . " Bassey is best known in America for singing the theme songs to the James Bond films "  Goldfinger , " "  Diamonds Are Forever " and "  Moonraker . " Rowling said that the first name came from an old co-worker . " ` Celestina ' was simply begging to be scooped up and attached to a glamorous witch , " the author wrote . In the profile , Rowling describes Warbeck as a Welsh prodigy whose mother "  bombarded " Hogwarts with letters to promote her daughter with various performing arts groups . She became a huge star . "  Three devoted fans were involved in a nasty three-broom pile up over Liverpool while trying to reach the last night of her ` Flighty Aphrodite ' tour , and her tickets often appear on the black market at vastly inflated prices , " Rowling wrote . Warbeck is Molly Weasley 's favorite singer . Warbeck has eight homes , has been married three times and is capable of "  drown  ing  out a chorus of banshees . " Her music can , of course , be heard at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando Resort .	"  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling offers details on character Celestina Warbeck The "  Singing Sorceress " is imagined to resemble Shirley Bassey , Rowling says Warbeck is Molly Weasley 's favorite singer Piece on Warbeck is on Pottermore.com
The September attack that killed four Americans at a U.S. diplomatic mission in Libya was the subject of a few claims at Thursday night 's vice presidential debate at Centre College in Kentucky . U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan contended that requests for more security at the mission were denied before the attack that killed U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens on September 11 . Stevens , State Department computer expert Sean Smith , and security contractors Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods died that night as a result of an attack by dozens of armed men on the U.S. complex in Benghazi and a nearby annex , according to State Department officials . Vice President Joe Biden said Ryan is in no position to argue about diplomatic security , arguing that Ryan , in Congress , did n't provide all the embassy security funding that the Obama administration asked for . Biden also contended that the administration knew of no requests for more security at the Benghazi mission . We 'll look at these claims separately . Fact Check : Ryan cites unlikely outcome under Obamacare Statements : Biden : "  We were n't told they wanted more security . We did not know they wanted more security . " Ryan : "  There were requests for extra security . Those requests were not honored . " The facts : On Wednesday , the State Department 's former point man on security in Libya told the House Oversight Committee that he asked for additional security help for the Benghazi facility months before the attack , but was denied . Various communications dating back a year asked for three to five diplomatic security agents , according to testimony at Wednesday 's hearing . But Eric Nordstrom , the one-time regional security officer , said he verbally asked for 12 agents . The request for 12 agents was rebuffed by the regional director of the State Department 's Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs , Nordstrom testified . "  For me and my staff , it was abundantly clear that we were not going to get resources until the aftermath of an incident , " Nordstrom said . Also , Lt. Col. Andrew Wood , a Utah National Guardsman who was a site security commander in Libya from February through August , testified that a regional security officer tried to obtain more personnel , but ` was never able to attain the numbers he felt comfortable with . " It was unclear whether he was talking about Nordstrom . Five diplomatic security special agents were in Benghazi at the time of the attack , two of whom only happened to be there because they had traveled with Stevens from Tripoli , according to testimony . Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy responded , at the hearing , to suggestions the State Department was responsible for a lack of preparedness : "  We regularly assess risk and resource allocation , a process involving the considered judgments of experienced professionals on the ground and in Washington , using the best available information . " On Tuesday , two senior State Department officials told reporters that U.S. and Libyan security personnel in Benghazi were out-manned , and that no reasonable security presence could have fended off the assault . Conclusion : It 's unclear how high Nordstrom 's request got in the administration , but he says he did ask the State Department 's Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs for more security help at the Benghazi post . Fact Check : Iran and the bomb Statement : Biden : "  The congressman here cut embassy security in his budget by $ 300 million below what we asked for . " The facts : According to Democratic House Oversight Committee staff , the amount that the GOP-led House passed for two accounts that pay for embassy security in fiscal 2012  $ 2.311 billion  was $ 330 million less than the Obama administration had requested  $ 2.641 billion  . A GOP House Appropriations Committee aide confirmed the House bill had less in these accounts than what the administration requested . However , the final bill , after being worked on by the Democratic-led Senate , put in more money than what had passed in the House . The final bill , which passed with bipartisan support , gave a total of $ 2.37 billion to these accounts for fiscal 2012 -- about $ 270 million less than what the administration had requested . Conclusion : The GOP-led House did initially approve about $ 330 million less than what the administration requested , but in the final bill , passed with bipartisan support after adjustments by the Senate , put the amount a little closer to the administration 's target . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	Vice President Joe Biden , Rep. Paul Ryan spar over attack on U.S. mission in Libya Attack in Benghazi killed four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens Biden says administration did n't know more security was requested for post Biden : Ryan , GOP-led House did not provide security funds administration requested
CNN  -- The notoriously private Janet Jackson opened up about her brother 's death on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " Friday , admitting that the family knew he had a problem . "  People think we were in denial but we were n't . We tried intervention several times . He was very much in denial -- he did n't think he had a problem . " When the news first broke that Michael was ill , Jackson said she first heard about it from an assistant while she was home in New York . The last time she saw her brother was about a month before , she said , at a party she had thrown for their parents . "  He was thin then , and we knew that he had a problem ; we all did , " she said . His death , she told Winfrey , is "  hard to believe still to this day . There is n't a day that goes by that I do n't think about it -- that all of us in the family do n't think about it -- every single day . " Her brother 's passing happened right as Janet Jackson had started production on Tyler Perry 's new film , "  Why Did I Get Married Too ? " and the emotional turmoil she was in comes through in the film , Winfrey said . "  It was very therapeutic , " Jackson said of her role . Tyler Perry , she added , was by her side the entire time , asking her how she wanted to be treated on set , making sure no one had access to images of Jackson crying in character  lest a tabloid run them as evidence of what Jackson was going through at the time  , and even changing the ending of the movie , which opens nationwide Friday , for her . "  I changed the ending because at first she was going to speak at the funeral , and the things that she was going to say , it was too eerie , " Perry , who also was on the show , told Winfrey . "  She did n't want to change it , but I did . " Veering from the topic of his movie , Perry told Winfrey he felt the need to reiterate how hard the Jackson family worked to try to save their brother . "  I 'm sorry , but I want people to know this , " Perry said . "  I want people to know how much they tried . They really , really tried -- the entire family . I want the whole world to know how much they tried . " The family was worried , Jackson said , and did several interventions . At one of them , Jackson said she became so overwhelmed , "  seeing him and knowing that there was an issue that he was in denial about , " she had to leave the room . "  A lot of the relationships I 've been in , they 've had issues with addiction . It 's difficult when you see it . -LSB- I -RSB- recognize it so quickly because I 've dealt with it in past relationships . " For Jackson , it 's difficult to even look at pictures of Michael as an adult or listen to his music ; the only images she can stand to view are those of the pair as children . "  When we were kids , we had so much fun together , " she said . "  We used to spend every day , all day , together . I have a beautiful picture in my home of he and I when we were just babies . It takes me to that place , even when he was still here , that I missed , that we would talk about . That -LSB- picture -RSB- I can look at . " The emotional turmoil Jackson was dealing with , both in her role in Perry 's movie as well as personally , began to affect her physically as well : Jackson said she 's definitely an emotional eater . "  When I 'm feeling down , I do turn to food , " she told Winfrey . Her struggle with her weight has even led Jackson to write a book about it , to answer those persistent questions everyone always has about her weight . "  Instead of writing about nutrition , I decided to go into my childhood , where I 've always had issues with my weight , " Jackson said , adding that the book would touch on issues like self-confidence as well .	Janet Jackson opens up about her new movie and life after her brother 's death Jackson said her role in Tyler Perry 's "  Why Did I Get Married Too ? " was very therapeutic Jackson said she thinks about Michael 's death every day She added that the family knew he had a problem , and tried to intervene
CNN  -- A monument to communism , the Palace of Culture and Science dominates Warsaw 's skyline . But soon the city 's most prominent piece of architecture , a "  gift " from Josef Stalin in the 1950s , will be joined by a building that will reflect the spirit of 21st century Poland . Designed by Daniel Libeskind , Zlota 44 is the star architect 's first project in the country of his birth . Currently under construction the 54-story luxury apartment building that is supposed to resemble an eagle , Poland 's nation symbol , is situated opposite the Palace of Culture and Science and close to one of the city 's few synagogues that survived the Second World War . Explore more with Eye on Poland Many see it as a statement of the country 's desire to continue its revival and redefine its identity . "  Now this world-recognized architect is coming back to Poland and building a symbolic structure in front of the Palace of Culture , a symbolic structure of communism , " said Alicia Kosciesza of the Zlota 44 project . Libeskind left Poland with his parents as an emigrant to the U.S. when he was 13 , but he has seen his homeland transformed since his childhood . "  I grew up under the gray skies of communism , a depressed society , a totalitarian regime . A dismal period really . " he said . "  I return now and it 's a new country , it 's a renaissance . Skies are blue , people have light in their eyes , there 's energy . " Libeskind commonly accentuates the positives and transformative affects that buildings can have . From the Jewish Museum in Berlin , to his role as Master Planner for the new World Trade Center buildings in New York , his structures have engaged and inspired many and made him one of the world 's most sought-after architects . "  The re-building of Warsaw shows that despite the horrors  of the past  it 's a beautiful city , " he said . "  It was n't rebuilt perfectly  after the Second World War  , but it 's a city that has always had the spirit of something positive . " Libeskind 's Polish roots and formative years living in the U.S. as an immigrant are experiences that have shaped his attitude and were a direct inspiration for his plans for the World Trade Center . "  This is a place that needs to have a spiritual feeling , this is n't just a piece of real estate anymore , " he said of the World Trade Center site . "  When visiting ` Ground Zero '  I looked South and I saw the Statute of Liberty and I saw myself arriving on that ship  when I was 13  and I thought , ' "  That 's what America is like , that what this site is about . ' It 's how to connect that memory , that tragedy with the incredible city of New York . "	Architect Daniel Libeskind 's new building transforming Warsaw Residential high-rise is Polish-born American 's first project in Poland Under construction opposite communist-era Palace of Culture Some hope that it will be symbolic of Poland 's revival
Washington  CNN  -- The remains of two men found in the wreckage of the Civil War ironclad USS Monitor 11 years ago are being laid to rest Friday in Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia after an extensive but unsuccessful quest to discover the sailors ' identities . In what seems like a real-life "  CSI " episode , a military lab was able to narrow the remains ' identities down to five or six men using DNA samples , facial reconstructions and bones -- but not to the individual sailors . With the measurements from the remains , examiners were able to determine scientifically the average height of the individuals and their age . One of the sailors ' teeth had been worn away where he held a pipe his whole life . The researchers also had other clues like the items and clothing left with the two men , including buttons from a uniform , a gold ring , a comb , some coins and a pair of mismatched shoes . One of the sailors "  had a different shoe on his left foot than he did on his right , " said David Krop , the conservation project manager for the Monitor . "  It is hard to explain why that is . One of the possible options is as these guys were leaving the ship the night of the sinking , it was chaotic , it was dark . Perhaps they just grabbed the nearest clothing they could find . " The Monitor 's 1862 battle against the Confederate ironclad CSS Virginia was perhaps the most famous naval engagement of the Civil War , signifying the end of wooden warships and the move to ironclad ones . The two ships traded point-blank shots at each other in the Battle of Hampton Roads before both withdrawing from the fight , each crew thinking the other had either been sunk or damaged enough to retire . On December 30 , 1862 , the Monitor was caught in a storm while being towed off Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . Although equipped with various engines and pumps , the ship could n't keep up with the volume of water rushing in , and it sank to the bottom with 16 sailors . The Monitor went undetected until 1973 . The two crew members ' remains were discovered in 2002 some 240 feet below the surface in the ship 's 120-ton turret . Due to the location of the remains , it 's possible the two were trying to get out through the gun turret when the ship went down . In addition to the remains in the turret , there were shoes , coats , boots and other personal items -- as if the crew members had been discarding clothing to keep from being pulled down into the water as they tried to escape . As they narrowed down the men 's identities , investigators were able to eliminate African-American sailors and officers . The bones were Caucasian , and the buttons were not from officers ' coats . More than 30 living descendants of the crew were to attend the Arlington burial . Because the remains are being buried as unknown , these two men will represent all 16 lost . "  The definition of family in this particular case is a little different than in a contemporary casualty loss , " Krop said . "  They view them as their ancestors , and they are there to honor all 16 . " David Alberg , superintendent of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Monitor National Marine Sanctuary , said the burials are part of a long military tradition . "  Whether it was 150 years ago or two weeks ago in Afghanistan , the nation 's commitment to bringing  its  fallen home , laying them to rest and returning them to their families stays as strong today as it ever was . " Capt. Bobbie Scholley , who led Navy dives to the wreckage , agreed . "  We needed to take all the appropriate steps necessary to recover those sailors with all the honors and dignities , " Scholley said .	Remains of two men found in Civil War ship are being buried in Arlington National Cemetery A military lab was able to narrow down the remains ' identities using DNA samples and other clues The Monitor foundered in a storm on December 30 , 1862 , and went to the bottom with 16 sailors More than 30 living descendants of the crew were to attend Friday 's Arlington burial
CNN  -- The last five bodies recovered from the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner have been identified , the mayor 's office in the Italian city of Grosseto said Tuesday . Two Americans , Gerald and Barbara Heil , were among those named in a statement from the mayor 's office . The others were identified as two Germans , Christina and Norbert Ganz , and an Italian crew member , Giuseppe Girolamo . Two people remain missing , the mayor 's office said . "  We will now be able to move forward and bring them home to rest , " the Heil family said . "  The rescue and recovery crew on the island of Giglio have been relentless in their mission to find the missing and have given us hope through this whole process . We can not thank them enough for continuing to risk their lives in an effort to find our parents . " The family offered its prayers for those still missing loved ones . "  We know our parents are together and are happy . We look forward to the day when we can all be together again , " the statement read . At least 30 people died when the cruise liner struck rocks and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 . Recovery teams have spent weeks searching the submerged decks and cabins for those who failed to escape the sinking vessel . The liner , owned by Genoa-based Costa Cruises , was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members at the time of the incident . The Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , remains under house arrest while he is investigated for possible criminal charges . He faces allegations of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard and destroying a natural habitat , a prosecutor said last month . Giglio is a protected park . Schettino 's first officer , Ciro Ambrosio , and six other officers both on the ship and from the firm Costa in Genoa are under investigation over allegations including manslaughter , shipwreck and failure to report the accident , the prosecutor said . No one has yet been charged in connection with the incident . Schettino has previously said managers of the Costa cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He has said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : Family of 2 Americans : "  We know our parents are together and are happy " The Costa Concordia struck rocks off the Italian island of Giglio in January Two people remain missing , authorities say
CNN  -- There were once seven words you could n't say on television , as the late comedy icon George Carlin famously lampooned 40 years ago . Now it appears there are more than 500 words you should n't say on Twitter or Facebook unless you want to be flagged by the Department of Homeland Security . There is a surveillance program the agency quietly began in February 2011 to monitor social media , according to the Electronic Privacy Information Center . Documents obtained only after the privacy organization filed a lawsuit to enforce its Freedom of Information Act request reveal that anything you post on social-media websites such as Twitter and Facebook could come under review by the Department of Homeland Security , or at least by General Dynamics , the military defense contractor hired to implement the surveillance program . Like the probes in the movie "  The Matrix , " they are looking for "  Items of Interest , " which in this case are words on a watch list that are considered "  bad . " So what words are of interest to them ? Are they like the seven words that Carlin joked about not being able to say on television because they " ... will infect your soul , curve your spine and keep the country from winning the war . "  By the way , if Carlin tweeted these words today , he would get noticed because the word "  infection " is part of the watch list . No , Carlin 's joke dealt with curse words , which are actually now heard nightly on cable TV . In contrast , the Department of Homeland Security is concerned with a broader range of words that you can say on television , or anywhere , usually without a problem . However , if you tweet or post these specific words on social-media websites , then you 'll catch the attention of the security agency . The watch list includes hundreds of words and phrases that have been organized into certain categories : domestic security , HAZMAT , health concern , Southwest border violence , federal agencies , terrorism , weather/disaster/emergency , cybersecurity and Infrastructure security . Two questions jump out regarding this surveillance program . How effective is it ? And more importantly , is this an invasion of our privacy ? The effectiveness question is hard to answer . When you look at all the words on the watch list , it 's hard to believe that any terrorist or criminal would tweet or post them unless they wanted to get caught . For example , the watch list contains words such as dirty bomb , hostage , al Qaeda and ammonium nitrate . What terrorist in his right mind would tweet , "  Looking for ammonium nitrate , please direct message me if you have leads ? " There are also terms under the category "  Southwest border violence " that seem ridiculous , such as heroin , cocaine , methamphetamine , meth lab and drug war . If a drug dealer mentioned on his Facebook wall , "  Great deal today on heroin and methamphetamine , and it 's all organically made in my own meth lab , " I would hope that people would turn that person in -- or at the very least , not "  like " his post . But it 's the long list of innocent words on the watch list that raises more concerns . Words such as subway , delays , infection , San Diego , cloud , pork , wave and Mexico are monitored . If you posted on Twitter , "  I 'm going on vacation to San Diego , hope no clouds because want to catch some waves , " your tweet would be considered suspicious because you used three words on the watch list . In the event that your Facebook or Twitter post is flagged , a further investigation could be triggered , and information could be shared with other government agencies . As a former attorney , I am fully aware that you have little grounds to claim that your postings on Facebook and Twitter have an expectation of privacy . Social media is almost the equivalent of speaking loudly at a crowded party -- people beyond your intended recipients will hear your words . However , putting the legality issues aside , we should be concerned the government is engaged in the wholesale monitoring of our social-media streams . This program is akin to the Chinese government 's monitoring of the Internet . Our government must not emulate an authoritarian regime . We should reject the notion that tweeting words included in the watch list , such as San Diego or clouds , justifies monitoring our activities on social-media platforms . If we do n't object now to the unfettered surveillance of our social-media communications , the next step could be the government 's reading of our direct messages on Facebook and Twitter . Following that , the reading of our personal e-mails would not be far behind . Since 9/11 , we have far too often willingly forfeited privacy in the name of security , be it the Patriot Act , the New York Police Department 's spying of Muslim Americans , body-scanning machines , intrusive pat-downs at airports and who knows what else is out there that we have yet to find out about . If it were not for the Electronic Privacy Information Center 's lawsuit , we would be unaware of the details of this latest program . Benjamin Franklin famously warned us , "  Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both . " The Department of Homeland Security 's surveillance program -- and our acceptance of programs like it -- is just another step in the direction that Franklin so wisely cautioned us to guard against . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	The Department of Homeland Security reportedly is monitoring social-media websites Surveillance program looks for "  bad " words on Facebook and Twitter , lawsuit reveals Dean Obeidallah asks how effective is this program , and is it an invasion of our privacy ? Obeidallah says this program may open the door to more intrusive types of surveillance
Dadaab , Kenya  CNN  -- When I was in the third grade , a classmate of mine died of leukemia . None of us knew he was sick , only that his mother had n't let him attend school in a while . More than 30 years later , I still remember the awful day my mom told me my friend had passed away . I made a card for his mother , and walked to their house to deliver it . She was too overcome to take any visitors , but thanked me and took the card . I can recall her broken up face when she shut the door . Over time we lost touch , but during the holidays a couple of years ago , I stopped by her home to pay a visit . She recognized me right away , smiled and invited me in for a cup of coffee . And then , while hanging my jacket , she began to tremble and cry . So many years later , the sorrow was just under the surface . The experience left an indelible impression on me , one that I better understood after becoming a parent myself . It violates a natural order of life to bury your own child , and I am not sure the grief ever goes away . Impact Your World : How you can help That 's the position 30,000 Somali parents found themselves in this summer . And , 600,000 more children may be buried before the end of the year . In just about any other place on Earth , those numbers would scream out from international headlines , but not here in East Africa . Inside the Dadaab Refugee Camp , a mass burial site sits within walking distance of the close cluster of tents . Amin Hassan took me to see the tiny burial site of her 1-month old daughter , Addison . It was nearly lost among all the other shallow , hastily dug graves . Small sticks mark these raised plots of dirt with nothing else except bits of colored plastic trash stuck in the ground and blowing in the wind . There are no nameplates , no flowers and no reminders of their lives . People here just vanish . Misery in world 's largest refugee camp "  She was perfectly healthy when she arrived , " Amin told me . They had left Somalia in search of food and water , and felt relief when they finally reached the camp . It may have been contaminated water that caused little Addison 's intractable diarrhea and vomiting or an overwhelming infection . Pertussis or whooping cough is something they see quite often here . "  And measles , " one of the doctors told me . Many of these infections are wildly contagious , especially among the hundreds of thousands of unvaccinated kids in these camps . Saving Ahmed from starvation As I stood and spoke to Hassan , with all those tiny burial sites around us , I could n't help but think of my friend and his mother . I thought of that unnatural order of parents burying their children . I thought about Hassan 's lifelong grief . Amin Hassan dug the grave for her daughter by herself . Watch Sanjay Gupta MD Saturday and Sunday at 7:30 am ET . For the latest from Sanjay Gupta MD click here .	Gupta 's visit with Somalian refugees brings disturbing memories He recalls the grieving mother of a boyhood friend who died Thousands of Somalian parents have buried their children this summer
London  CNN  -- English soccer player Billy Sharp scored what he called the most important goal of his career Tuesday -- a shot in memory of his son Luey , who died Saturday , two days after he was born . Sharp pulled up his jersey after the goal went in to reveal a t-shirt underneath reading "  That 's for you son . " The goal was "  Dedicated to my brave boy Luey Jacob Sharp I love u son sleep tight . That 's for you son , " Sharp said on Twitter after the match . "  My goal had to be something special tonight for my special boy.I 'm so proud of him , and his mum , " he said . Referees normally give players a yellow card for showing a message on a t-shirt , but Darren Deadman declined to penalize Sharp . Luey was born October 27 . He died October 29 , said Sharp 's team , Doncaster Rovers . Sharp was not expected to play Tuesday , but not only took the field but was named team captain for the night . Fans of both Rovers and their opponents Middlesbrough cheered to honor Sharp and his family before the match . "  This is a minute 's applause to celebrate the short life of Billy and Jade 's son Luey Jacob Sharp , " the announcer said . "  Born October 27 . Taken by the angels on the 29th . Sleep tight son , " he said . Sharp said the tribute left him in tears . "  To captain the side tonight was an honor and a pleasure , the minute applause I was crying meant so much to me thanks to both sets of fans , " he tweeted . Hundreds of people tweeted their support to Sharp and his family . "  What you 've done has put life into perspective , you 've won the hearts of the nation , and united football , " said one , Ben Wainwright . Sharp and his wife were "  grateful for the love and support we have received , " she said on Twitter . "  Daddy did Luey proud tonight . Sleep tight angel . "	Billy Sharp reveals a t-shirt saying , "  That 's for you son " Sharp 's son Luey died Saturday , two days after he was born "  My goal had to be something special tonight for my special boy , " Sharp says Fans honored Sharp and his family with a minute of applause before the match
CNN  -- The Philippine Supreme Court postponed the introduction of a controversial law that aims to provide government-funded contraception and sex education classes in the mainly Catholic country . The Southeast Asian nation 's top court issued an order on Tuesday delaying the implementation of the law for 120 days while it waits to hear arguments from several petitions against the new measures , the official Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported . Lawmakers approved the legislation , named the Responsible Parenthood and Reproductive Health Act , in December after years of campaigning by public health and women 's rights activists . President Benigno Aquino III signed it into law the same month , with his office saying it had closed a divisive chapter in the nation 's history . But the Supreme Court decision has reopened the contentious topic , raising the hopes of leaders of the Catholic Church in the Philippines who oppose the measures . "  For me it 's a good sign , a victory " for those who are against the law , said Bishop Arturo Bastes of Sorsogon , according to PNA . He said he believed that Pope Francis , who was officially inaugurated on Tuesday , would be happy to hear of the delay . Despite widespread support for the new measures in the Philippines , the Catholic Church lobbied against the legislation , saying it would undermine marriage and morality . More than 80 % of the Philippines ' 96 million citizens are Catholic . One of the petitions submitted to the court against the law argues that "  the State can not , as a general principle , routinely invade the privacy of married couples in the exercise of their most intimate rights and duties to their respective spouses , " according to PNA . But supporters of the legislation , like Sen. Miriam Defensor Santiago , say it is necessary to help people in the Philippines "  escape the vicious cycle of poverty by giving them options on how to manage their sexual lives , plan their families and control their procreative activities . "	Philippine lawmakers approved the reproductive health bill late last year But the Supreme Court delays its implementation to hear petitions against it Catholic bishops in the country welcome the decision
CNN  -- At least 20 people have died and 55 others have been wounded in continuing fighting in the Somali capital of Mogadishu , an ambulance director said Thursday . Somali forces have been battling insurgent fighters from al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda proxy in Mogadishu and the rest of the country . The militants are waging a war against the government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , known as sharia . The fighting has displaced an estimated 1.4 million Somalis within the country , and more than 580,000 live as refugees in neighboring countries , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said in May . Mogadishu is bulging at the seams with more than 350,000 internally displaced people -- many of whom are living in overcrowded conditions and on the street under plastic sheets and makeshift dwellings . "  These are the most vulnerable and utterly dependent on scarce aid the humanitarian agencies manage to deliver and meager remittances from relatives living abroad , " the U.N. agency said last month . "  Hundreds of children are forced to beg in the streets of the capital and many women beg in the main markets . " The Horn of Africa nation has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country . The U.N.-backed interim government fights the rebels with the help of African Union peacekeepers . Recent fighting and displacement has been aggravating an already grave demographic reality : About 43 percent of the Somali population "  lives below the extreme poverty line and one in seven Somali children die before the age of 5 , " the refugee agency said .	Somali forces fighting al Qaeda proxy trying to impose strict Islamic law The fighting has displaced more than a million Somalis Somalia has not had a stable government for nearly 20 years
EW.com  -- Starz has picked up a two season , 20-episode order of half-hour scripted comedy series "  Blunt Talk " from Seth MacFarlane  "  Family Guy "  and Jonathan Ames  "  Bored to Death "  and starring Patrick Stewart . The series follows British newsman Walter Blunt  Stewart  on a mission to conquer American cable news by sharing his opinion and guidance , even when they are not wanted . Add a dysfunctional news staff , numerous ex-wives and children , and an alcoholic manservant , and you 've got a recipe for comedy gold . ` The Returned ' now getting official U.S. remake "  I 'm beyond thrilled to be working with Jonathan Ames and Sir Patrick Stewart , " said Seth Macfarlane in a statement . "  Jonathan 's creative talent is formidable , and his writing style is wholly original , hilarious , and provocative . And of course , Patrick Stewart is one of the greatest actors alive today . His skill and versatility are unmatched , and he will excel as the star of his own show . Thank you Starz for allowing us to bring Walter Blunt to life ! " The series comes from Media Rights Capital , the folks behind MacFarlane 's "  Ted " and Netflix 's "  House of Cards , " and will be executive produced via MacFarlane 's Fuzzy Door Productions , Inc. . MacFarlane and Stewart previously collaborated on the TV animated comedy "  American Dad . " Yahoo announces long-form shows from Paul Feig and Mike Tollin "  My career took an abrupt and radical left turn when Seth McFarlane created CIA Deputy Director Avery Bullock on ` American Dad , ' " said Patrick Stewart , who will next appear on the big screen in "  X-Men : Days of Future Past . " "  This new character , Walter Blunt , is not at all like Avery , thank God , because this is live action and I am a Knight of the Realm . Blunt is , however , much smarter than Avery and has his own TV show , which has to be better than being Deputy Director of the CIA . " "  In the character of Walter Blunt , Seth , Jonathan and Patrick have found the alchemy that makes a borderline alcoholic , mad-genius-Brit the man you want fighting in America 's corner , " said Starz CEO Chris Albrecht . "  Seth and Jonathan have struck the right balance between biting wit and outright absurdity in building this world , and we can not wait for Patrick to breathe life into Walter . " The series is slated to premiere some time next year . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Starz has picked up two seasons of Seth MacFarlane 's "  Blunt Talk " The half-hour scripted comedy stars Patrick Stewart Stewart will play a British newsman on a mission to conquer American cable news The series is expected to debut in 2015
CNN  -- Both Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic were rattled at the World Tour Finals on Saturday but ultimately won their semifinals to set up a blockbuster . Federer saved four match points to inflict a devastating 4-6 7-5 7-6  6  defeat on Davis Cup teammate Stan Wawrinka at the O2 Arena in London in easily the best match of a tournament that has featured an overflow of lopsided results . "  I 'm very lucky , " Federer told the crowd . "  Stan played better from the baseline . I kept believing . I kept fighting . " Wawrinka , now 0-11 on hard courts against Federer , will have to put the disappointment behind him as he 'll be on the same side as his more famous Swiss in next week 's Davis Cup final at France . Whereas Djokovic was n't happy with the crowd Saturday in his 6-1 3-6 6-0 win over Kei Nishikori , Federer was annoyed with French chair umpire Cedric Mourier . Having the momentum after breaking Wawrinka at love to end the second set , Federer thought he won the first point of the third set on his serve . But he apparently did n't hear Mourier overrule a Wawrinka ball originally called wide . When Wawrinka earned the next two points , the score went to 0-40 when Federer thought it was 15-30 . He aired his views to Mourier but the score stood and Wawrinka then broke . Even more drama unfolded later . Federer saved three match points at 4-5 in the third on Wawrinka 's serve and another on his own serve at 5-6 in the tiebreaker before converting on his first chance . It was the third time he saved match points this year , the other occasions coming against Gael Monfils at the U.S Open and Leonardo Mayer in Shanghai . A day after clinching the year-end No. 1 spot for the third time , meanwhile , Djokovic moved closer to another significant milestone at the World Tour Finals . If he defeats Federer on Sunday , the Serbian would become the first man since Ivan Lendl in 1987 to claim three consecutive titles at the elite year-end championships . Federer leads their rivalry 19-17 and triumphed in Shanghai but Djokovic has won 31 straight indoor matches . The 33-year-old Federer also played for nearly three hours Saturday and has significantly less time to recover . Djokovic would not have been the crowd favorite anyway , but his negative reaction when fans cheered a double fault in the second set against Nishikori might lose him more supporters . He replied by applauding sarcastically . "  The crowd has a right to do what they want , to cheer for whoever they want , " Djokovic told reporters . "  There were  some individuals that were going over the line throughout the whole match , some provocations that I usually do n't react on , but I did . "  It was my fault . I lost concentration . " Nishikori had upended the world No. 1 at the U.S. Open in the last four on a sweltering September day , but Djokovic gained his revenge with an easy win indoors at the Paris Masters this month . The way Saturday 's affair started -- that , too , was an indoor duel -- it looked like a repeat of the Paris tussle . The exciting Japanese baseliner was hindered by a right wrist injury . Djokovic cruised in the first , needing a mere 22 minutes and dropping 11 points . When he broke in the first game of the second , this edition of the World Tour Finals was on course for an 11th straight-set result in 13 matches . Djokovic , however , double faulted for 1-1 and that was when the momentum shifted . Nishikori broke for 5-3 to the crowd 's approval with a winning forehand after Djokovic misplayed a smash and had his older rival in trouble to begin the third . "  I allowed myself to be in that situation to lose the set , maybe even lose the match , " said Djokovic . "  Generally it was my fault and I should know better . " Facing the second of two break points in the first game , Djokovic almost double faulted when he struck a heavy second serve . Later in the point , Nishikori misfired on a backhand down the line . It was the turning point of the set . Djokovic immediately broke for 2-0 and coasted , with Nishikori double faulting on match point . "  First couple points in the third set , I thought I had it , " said Nishikori , the first Asian man to reach a grand slam final . "  I think I start thinking too much  that  he 's  the  No. 1 player , Novak . I think I risked too much . "  I think I did too many unforced errors first couple games . Then he started playing better . "	Novak Djokovic defeats Kei Nishikori to reach the final at the World Tour Finals Djokovic drops his first set of the week but prevails 6-1 3-6 6-0 in about 90 minutes He will face Roger Federer in the final after Federer topped fellow Swiss Stan Wawrinka Federer saves four match points as he improves to 11-0 versus Wawrinka on hard courts
LONDON , England  SuperYachtWorld  -- It may be named after the high-octane James Bond thriller , but does the latest offering from enthusiastic owner John Staluppi hit the jackpot ? Bond style : Casino Royale is the latest in a series of 007-inspired super-yachts . "  Casino Royale " was the first action-packed novel by Ian Fleming , paving the way for 11 more spy novels , and a catalogue of iconic films charting the adventures of secret service agent James Bond . But it is also the name of the very latest in a line of yachts owned by renowned yachtsman John A. Staluppi -- all of which have been named after one of the Bond tales . They may well be tributes to 007 , but Octopussy , Moonraker , Thunderball and The World is Not Enough are also some of the fastest super-yachts in the world . Octopussy was built in Holland and Moonraker in Norway , both from plans drawn by the innovative Dutch naval architect Frank Mulder , and Thunderball was designed and built by Dennison Yachts in Fort Lauderdale . To build The World is Not Enough , John created Millennium Superyachts in 1998 , a company that will be a vehicle for future builds . It was the 43.5 meter Octopussy , which broke the 50-knot barrier 18 years ago , that first brought the name of New York-born John Staluppi to the attention of super-yacht aficionados . The self-made millionaire left school when he was 16 and worked as a mechanic in Brooklyn before going on to start up one of the most successful car dealerships in North America -- a business that enabled him to indulge his passion for racing fast boats , and then later for super-yachts . To build Casino Royale , Millennium Yachts has teamed up with the U.S.-based Christensen Shipyard , describing the new launch as the first of its "  Millennium editions . " Joe Foggia , president of Christensen Yachts , explains : "  She has over 650 square meters of space on board -- that 's a lot in a yacht of her length . " There is no doubt that John 's vision and passion bring fervor and excitement to a sometimes conservative industry . There are , after all , few super-yachts aboard which you will be greeted by frosted-glass panels sweeping down the central staircase , delicately etched with the silhouettes of Bond girls . And then there 's the hand-crafted marble roulette wheel set into the deck of the main saloon , made by master-craftsman John Homchick at Christensen 's dedicated marble shop . Casino Royale is n't a speed machine to match his previous yachts but , as we chatted on the deck of his latest creation , it 's very clear that John Staluppi is an owner who knows just want he wants . "  So what is a super-yacht ? To me , it has to be at least 120 feet overall with a master suite and four guest cabins , room for six crew and somewhere to carry the tender . "  And oh , one more thing , there has to be no teak . It adds weight , it 's a pain in the butt to clean , and the oil gets all over my carpeting ! " he says with a smile . We look around and notice the acres of teak decking -- it 's stunning , so perhaps this is one fight he 's better off not winning . The yacht 's interior can best be described as richly ornate , yet it remains tasteful and has the softer touch of John 's wife Jeanette in many of the living areas . Atop the divide sits a figurine of Vesper Lynd , the heroine from Casino Royale . In terms of accommodation , John has achieved the optimal use of space he was looking for . The master stateroom is accessed through the owner 's study with its dark , leather-topped mahogany desk and cream leather office chair . As you may expect from a James Bond fan , a gargantuan double bed dominates with a mirrored deck head above . Below , the guest cabins are equally well-appointed and appear to be larger than the standard on most yachts of this size . Forward are two twin cabins ; astern of them two suites with king-size bunks and further aft is a stunning full-beam VIP suite . Two decks above is the elegant sky lounge -- a party room if ever we saw one . The onyx-topped bar is seductively illuminated from within the stonework and is a perfect spot to enjoy a vodka martini or two . The lounge also has a custom-designed entertainment center and a huge cinema display with a movie library that fittingly boasts every one of Commander Bond 's adventure-packed movies . Captain Zak Matten is pleased with the work so far : "  I really like the way her bow and stern thruster work together . I can get her to move just about anywhere . I can even shift her sideways when I have to . "  Her maiden voyage was up into Alaska and we encountered our fair share of lumpy seas . This U.S.-built boat can hold her head up when compared to European yachts ; she is up there with the best . " She may not have the speed of her predecessors in the Staluppi stable but Casino Royale is nevertheless an impressive yacht . She will bring her owners a lot of enjoyment , and for the guests who are lucky enough to be invited on board the party is about to begin . Boat information Length overall : 49.70 meters  163ft 0in  Engines : Twin MTU 12V 4000 Series Naval architect : Christensen Shipyard Exterior styling : Christensen Shipyard Interior designer : Jeanette Staluppi & Carol Williamson Associates Owner 's project manager : Zak Matten Broker who introduced the client : Ocean Independence Speed  max  : 18 knots Speed  cruise  : 10 knots Range at 10 knots : 4,300 nautical miles Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT  2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	Casino Royale is the latest in a series of James Bond-inspired vessels The super-yacht is almost 50m long and was built at Christensen Shipyard It includes a pool , bars , a bedroom with roof mirrors , and numerous televisions
CNN  -- Although the war in Bosnia began on April 6,1992 , my involvement in the conflict did n't start until July 23 , when CNN photojournalist Margaret Moth was shot by a sniper and nearly killed . I was part of a CNN team sent in to replace my wounded colleague and spent more than two years covering the story . Last week , the 20th anniversary of the conflict , I returned to Sarajevo for a reunion of journalists who covered the war . While Margaret was being medivaced to a hospital in London , I arrived in the Bosnian capital on a United Nations flight from Zagreb , Croatia . When I landed I saw another U.N. aircraft unloading on the tarmac nearby . It had a delegation from Belgrade that included Yugoslavian Prime Minister Milan Panic . He was attempting to find ways to end the war . Many crews were covering Panic 's trip , including one from ABC . I recognized reporter Sam Donaldson and producer David Kaplan . I 'd known both of them while covering presidential trips during the Reagan Administration . While I was busy collecting my gear , Donaldson and a cameraman got into an armored U.N. transport with Panic and headed into the city . The vehicle was too small to include Kaplan , but a few minutes later another television crew offered him a ride into Sarajevo in their ` soft-skinned ' van , with TV written in black tape across the back . Kaplan jumped in but did not have a bullet-resistant vest , so he was seated between two other journalists who were wearing protective gear . Moments after leaving the airport a shot rang out . A sniper had hit the van between the letters T and V . The bullet went through the tailgate into the rear seat and killed Kaplan . This tragic scene was the first of many memories I would collect during a war that would last nearly four years . Last year , a couple of veteran reporters having drinks at a bar decided to mark the 20th anniversary of the Siege of Sarajevo with a reunion of war journalists . Since I had spent nearly two and a half years on the ground during the war , I was invited . I had no idea what to expect . I had n't been back to the war-ravaged city since the Dayton accords were signed in 1995 , officially ending the conflict . This time I flew into the airport on a commercially scheduled airline , not a military transport . The military aircraft , U.N. workers , and tons of relief supplies present for the longest humanitarian airlift in history had faded into the past . Instead of loading into an armored car , I secured a local taxi to drive into the city . I thought about the countless times our team would confront the challenges of the dreaded airport road and was happy no one had to worry about it any more . I also thought about David Kaplan and his family . I always rolled tape while traveling the lengthy stretch of road from the airport into the city . I wanted a visual record in case I got hit . I decided to record the trip again , so I could compare images from then and now . The abandoned tank , disabled early in the war , was no longer on the side of the road . Instead , the street was lined with small shops and businesses . Some of the buildings were still scarred by the intense fighting that occurred , but now pedestrians walked up and down the busy thoroughfare . When snipers were present , we used to drive as fast as the armored car was capable of going . This time , thankfully , there was so much traffic on the road that the trip seemed to take forever . I enjoyed every minute of it . Inside the city there were new large apartment block , shopping malls and a renovated tram system filled with riders . What was the biggest change I saw ? How about a drive-thru McDonalds on a former snipers ' alley ! Some people might have a problem with an American fast food restaurant in the heart of Sarajevo but the folks working there expressed pleasure at just having a job . On the way to the Holiday Inn , which was the main gathering place for the international press corps during the siege , both sides of the street were crowded with families walking under a warm afternoon sun . Along the way there were also stark reminders of the war . The Rainbow Hotel , where U.N. personnel once lived , was a burned out shell . It was near there where Margaret was shot . As I arrived at the Holiday Inn I was pleased to see it had been renovated to how it looked before the war . Built as a host hotel for the 1984 Winter Olympics , the Holiday Inn was heavily damaged by artillery and tank shells . It had been a focal point for sniper and small arms fire . Rocket propelled grenades had routinely hit the hotel 's exterior walls . Now , the windows were intact , electricity and water restored . We no longer had to cross no-mans-land from back roads into the underground garage to avoid snipers . As I entered the lobby I soon noticed one thing had n't changed . Everywhere I looked I saw the same hotel staff that we bonded with during the war . They were all older , of course , but looked a lot healthier and seemed truly happy to reconnect with the returning journalists . Broad smiles and misty eyes preceded huge hugs as former friendships were recalled . I felt like I had never left . For the anniversary of the start of the war the city of Sarajevo decided to memorialize the occasion by lining up 11,541 red chairs in rows , filling the main street in the city center . Each empty chair represented a man , woman or child who was killed during the 44 month siege . When I heard about the project it did n't have much of an impact on me . When I saw it , I was overwhelmed . The empty seats went on and on , around the corner and off into the distance . Red banners with white numbers , 11,541 , were attached to poles along the route on both sides of the street . In the section dedicated to children there were about 1,600 smaller chairs . Friends and relatives carefully and reverently placed flowers , stuffed animals and mementos on the empty seats as a light rain fell . Towards the end of the service a choir , filled with children 's voices , sang the anti-war standard , "  Give Peace a Chance . " Even some of my most battle-hardened war journalist friends admitted the moisture on their faces did n't come from the rain . It 's a lot easier to rebuild structures than heal ethnic divides magnified by atrocities of war but I am hopeful Sarajevo and Bosnia are heading in the right direction .	CNN photojournalist David Rust returned to Bosnia for the first time since the war He sees big changes in Sarajevo and friends , 20 years on , look older but healthier McDonald 's on sniper alley sounds incongruous but provides jobs in new Sarajevo
Washington  CNN  -- Obamacare -- the law that refuses to die -- is suddenly under attack again . Republicans will take full control of Congress in January and repealing Obamacare will almost certainly be one of their first priorities . The GOP is seizing on leaked tapes in which MIT professor Jonathan Gruber , an architect of the law , said the "  stupidity of the American voter " and a "  lack of transparency " were vital to its passage in 2010 . And , perhaps most importantly , the Supreme Court is poised to rule on subsidies that are central to the law . "  We have to take it very seriously . It is hard to predict how the Court will ultimately decide , " said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , an advocacy group that campaigns to sustain Obamacare . It 's a surprising turn of events for an issue that had seemed to move to the back burner in recent months . The law has already survived one key Supreme Court challenge and millions are now insured because of the legislation . And the issue , which was expected to dominate this year 's elections , took a back seat to fears about Ebola and ISIS . The next round of open enrollment for Obamacare begins Saturday . The Supreme Court poses the gravest threat after agreeing to hear a challenge to the crucial tax credits that subsidize health coverage purchased on federal exchanges . In what amounts to a tussle over language , the suit contends that the law permits subsidies to be dispersed only through state exchanges . But 35 states rely on federal exchanges to market health insurance -- in many cases because Republican governors who oppose Obamacare refused to set up marketplaces . To reach consumers in those states , the federal government offers a market place and subsidies . But if the Court rules next year that those federal subsidies are illegal , it could throw the entire health care system into chaos , threaten millions of health plans and send the entire law into a "  death spiral . " Chief Justice John Roberts , who outraged conservatives by saving Obamacare from a previous Supreme Court challenge in 2012 , may again be the crucial swing vote . But there is a chance that even an adverse ruling would not end Obamacare 's life . Harvard Law Professor Einer Elhauge says some states , to protect themselves against possible health care chaos , might finally decide to set up their own arrangements or partner with the federal exchange . "  The prospect of that disruption is sufficiently problematic that I would not be surprised to see a lot of states adopt exchanges , " said Elhauge , who authored a book on the original Obamacare Supreme Court case . Obamacare also faces a political assault from resurgent Republicans devoted to the mantra : "  repeal and replace . " Because so many party candidates vowed to eliminate the law during their election campaigns , Republican leaders in the House and the Senate are under pressure to schedule votes to do just that . But the votes will be largely symbolic . Though they captured the Senate , Republicans are still short of the 60 votes needed to overcome Democratic filibusters . And even if they did put a repeal bill on the President 's desk , there is zero chance he would sign it and destroy his own proudest political achievement . So , as a fallback plan , opponents of Obamacare will likely try to tear it down bit by bit , possibly by attaching bills amending it to must-pass legislation . Plans are piling up . Paul Ryan and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio are teaming up to produce a plan to "  deliver quality affordable health care coverage to American families , " a spokesman for the Wisconsin lawmaker told CNN . Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch has a market based health care plan he wrote with Sens Richard Burr and Tom Coburn . "  Conservatives should ... take advantage of opportunities to repeal any part of the law and replace it with better policies that empower Americans , not Washington , " Hatch wrote in USA Today on Wednesday . Wyoming Republican Sen. John Barrasso , an orthopedic surgeon and health policy expert , warns GOP hopes of repealing Obamacare are not realistic until there is a Republican in the White House but told WPBI radio last month conservatives should "  systematically strip away the worst parts of Obamacare . " But some conservatives want a more radical approach , and recommend repealing Obamacare by using the budget tool reconciliation , which requires only 51 votes -- and , ironically , was used to pass the law in 2010 . But again , Obama would be ready with this veto pen . Some adjustments to the law could draw some Democratic support . They could include a repeal of the delayed employer mandate requiring large firms to provide health care and changes to rules requiring companies to provide insurance to employees that work more than 30 hours a week . Some Democratic senators from red states are eying a repeal of the tax on medical devices , which raises $ 29 billion over the next decade to finance the cost of insuring more Americans . But conservatives might be end up frustrated because none of the fixes that have a chance of becoming law will seriously undermine Obamacare as a whole . "  The parts you could chip away out probably are not going to destabilize the legislation . It gets through with a few bits knocked off -- but it is still there , " said Stuart Butler , a health care expert and senior Brookings Institution fellow . Republican lawmakers determined to kill Obamacare may also find themselves under pressure from the corporate health firms which have spent millions of dollars adapting to the new law are are worried about more disruption . But Obamacare 's capacity to ignite controversy is undimmed . Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell could n't keep a smile off his face on Thursday when discussing the leaked Gruber tape . "  What this insider is saying confirms that they were spinning tales from the beginning -- that they did not tell the truth about ObamaCare , " McConnell said . House Speaker John Boehner 's office said Gruber 's comments proved Obamacare was rammed through Congress with "  arrogance , duplicity and contempt for the will of the American people . " A test also awaits on Saturday with the debut of the second open enrollment period for Obamcare , with advocates desperate to avoid website and other teething problems of last year . The White House is backing efforts , which include mobile apps and targeted social media advertising , to recruit more "  young and invincibles " -- people who are least likely to sign up for coverage but who are needed to offset older , sicker patients to make the system work . The number of sign-ups in the three month enrollment period are likely to play an important role in the political debate going forward . Federal officials last week projected that between nine and 9.9 million people would be signed up to Obamacare in 2015 , lower than the 13 million number previously projected by the Congressional Budget Office .	New challenges have arrived for President Barack Obama 's top domestic achievement Supreme Court again holds law 's fate in its hands Republicans will struggle to ` repeal and replace '
It 's a sad day to be a Denver Broncos fan trying to get out of Super Bowl country . The day after the Broncos ' crushing 43-8 loss to the Seattle Seahawks , many fans trying to fly out of the New York region were stuck . At least 6 inches of snow is expected to fall Monday on New York , and Philadelphia may get up to 10 inches . "  It 's a plain ugly day to travel through New York and Philadelphia especially , " CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . "  Delays on average are already two to four hours , with a lot of cancellations , and the snow is not expected to stop until late afternoon or evening , so this is not going to get any better any time soon . " The New York area 's three major airports were facing more than 900 flight cancellations as of 12:15 p.m. ET Monday , according to flight tracking service FlightAware.com . Philadelphia International Airport , often used by New Jersey travelers , had more than 350 cancellations . That 's the bulk of the more than 1,500 flights canceled Monday within , into or out of the United States , according to FlightAware.com tracking data . Newark Liberty International , John F. Kennedy International and LaGuardia airports are preparing cots and pillows for travelers who may need them overnight , according to Cheryl Albiez , spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates all three airports . "  Monday morning is one of the busiest times for air travel -- business travelers pack flights as they start the week , " Daniel Baker , FlightAware 's chief executive officer , wrote via e-mail . "  With tens of thousands of Super Bowl fans planning to return home on Monday , there 's not a lot of available seats to accommodate everyone who was displaced in the wave of canceled flights this morning . " Delta Air Lines is feeling the impact most at its New York hub , according to spokesman Morgan Durrant . As of 11 a.m. Monday , 314 flights had been canceled , mostly on its regional carrier Delta Connection , he said . On Sunday afternoon , the airline issued a waiver for New York , Philadelphia and Washington-area flights Monday , with rebooking by Friday . JetBlue Airways is also waiving change and cancellations fees and fare differences for customers traveling Monday to and from affected cities , including Washington , Baltimore , Philadelphia , Newark and the New York airports , according to JetBlue spokeswoman Sharon Jones . Customers can rebook through Thursday or , in the case of a canceled flight , opt for a refund . Check with your airline for your flight status before paying your hotel tab and leaving for the airport . Many airlines have travel waivers in place that allow one fee-free itinerary change . The Federal Aviation Administration 's website keeps tabs on airport delays at fly.faa.gov . "  I would n't want to be a Bronco fan who flew from Denver to see the Super Bowl , " Hennen said . "  You fly all that way to watch your team get destroyed , wait three or four hours for public transportation to get you back to your hotel and now sit at the airport for another four-hour delay . "	Snow has forced hundreds of flight cancellations on Monday , mostly in the Northeast Super Bowl fans wanting to get home may be stuck for another day Check with your airline for flexible flight waivers
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba 's Roman Catholic church has identified 12 more jailed dissidents who are expected to be freed in what would be the largest Cuban prisoner release in more than a decade . The announcement Saturday raises the number of prisoners to be released in the next few days to 17 , roughly one-third of the total amount the government plans to release by mid-November . The move follows a visit by Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos , who met with Cuban President Raul Castro and Cuban Cardinal Jaime Ortega on Wednesday . Cuba 's church earlier announced the names of five other prisoners to be freed , and identified six others to be transferred to prisons closer to their homes . The 52 political prisoners Cuba plans to release are the remainder of a larger group of 75 dissidents who were jailed during a government crackdown on political opposition in March 2003 . They represent roughly one-third of all known political prisoners left on the island , according to Cuba 's unofficial Commission on Human Rights and National Reconciliation . The prisoners will head to Spain upon their release , Spanish Foreign Ministry spokesman Juan Lugo told CNN . Wednesday 's announcement also brought an end to a 134-day hunger strike by Cuban opposition activist Guillermo Farinas . Farinas stopped eating solid foods in February following the death of jailed hunger striker and political dissident Orlando Zapata Tamayo , who was protesting what he described as poor conditions in detention . Zapata 's death sparked international condemnation from Europe and Washington and drew a rare statement of regret from President Castro .	The 12 dissidents would be part of largest prisoner release in a decade They were detained in a 2003 crackdown Release follows visit by Spanish foreign minister
